Ordinary seaman (rank)

Ordinary seaman is a military rank used in naval forces.

The term Ordinary seaman was used in the Royal Navy in the middle of the 18th century. The term was used to refer to a seaman with between one and two years' experience at sea. They showed enough seamanship to be so rated by their captain. A seaman with less than a year's experience was referred to as a landman. A sailor with more than two years' experience was referred to as an able seaman.

Later, the term was formalized as a rating for the lowest normal grade of seaman. They are not trained in any special task. They are required to work at physically hard tasks of great variety. One needs an Ordinary Seaman Certificate to obtain work. One can become an able seaman as a promotion from this position.

Ordinary seaman was the second-lowest rank of the 19th century United States Navy. It ranked above landsman and below seaman. Promotion from landsman to ordinary seaman required three years of experience or re-enlistment. An ordinary seaman who gained six years of experience and knew the name and use of every line in the ship's rigging, could be promoted to seaman. An ordinary seaman's duties aboard ship included "handling and splicing lines, and working aloft on the lower mast stages and yards."

The rank existed from 1797 to 1917, when it was renamed "seaman second class". Seaman second class was later changed to the modern-day rank of seaman apprentice. The related ranks of ordinary seaman second class and ordinary seaman, engineer's force, existed in 1876–1885 and 1871–1883, respectively.

The term "ordinary seaman" is currently used in the Royal Canadian Navy and Irish Naval Forces (who inherited the military ranking structure from the previous generation of Royal Navy, Army, and Air Force ranks.)


Lake Tōya

The 2008 G8 Summit was held at Lake Tōya.

It is the ninth largest lake in Japan.



Staff sergeant

Staff sergeant is a rank of non-commissioned officer used in several countries.

The originated when they were part of the staff of a British Army regiment. They were paid at that level rather than as a member of a battalion or company.

Staff Sergeant (SSG) is the title of the E-6 rank in the U.S. Army and United States Marine Corps. It is just above Sergeant. It is just below Sergeant First Class in the U.S. Army or Gunnery Sergeant for the Marine Corps. It is a non-commissioned officer.
In the United States Air Force a Staff Sergeant (SSgt) is the title of an E-5. It ranks just above Senior Airman (SrA) and below Technical Sergeant (TSgt). It is the Air Force's first non-commissioned officer (NCO) rank.


USS Colorado (1856)

The first USS "Colorado" was a -class, three-masted steam screw frigate. It was launched on 19 June 1856 by the Norfolk Navy Yard. It was sponsored by Ms. N. S. Dornin and commissioned on 13 March 1858. Captain W. H. Gardner was in command.

"Colorado" put to sea from Boston on 12 May 1858. It then cruised into Cuban waters to stop the practice of search by British cruisers until 6 August. She then returned to Boston and was placed in ordinary until 1861.

Returning to New York on 30 May 1876, "Colorado" was placed out of commission on 8 June. From 1876-1884, she was used as a Receiving Ship at New York Navy Yard. She was sold on 14 February 1885 to a private company; and broken up for salvage material and burned for her copper fastenings.


Lori Loughlin

Lori Loughlin (born July 28, 1964 in Queens, New York) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television but has acted in some movies. She played Rebecca in the television sitcom "Full House" and Debbie Wilson in "90210". she was played as a cast member in the TV Show "Dream Love".

Loughlin and her husband were among dozens charged by the FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office on March 12, 2019, in a large-scale nationwide college entrance exam cheating scandal.

Yamaguchi (name)

Yamaguchi (Japanese: 山口) is a common Japanese surname and the name of a prefecture in Japan. The word means "mountain mouth". Famous people with the name Yamaguchi include:


Susan Dey

Susan Dey (December 10, 1952 in Pekin, Illinois) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television programs. She portrayed Laurie Partridge in the series "The Partridge Family" and received a Golden Globe Award for acting as Grace Van Owen in the series "L.A. Law".

Nevill Ground

The Nevill Ground is a cricket ground in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent. It played host to one One Day International during the 1983 Cricket World Cup, the group stage match between India and Zimbabwe in which Kapil Dev scored 175 not out. The Nevill Ground is recognised in cricket for having rhododendron bushes around the edge of the pitch.

Kay Bailey Hutchison

Kay Bailey Hutchison (born July 22, 1943) is an American politician. Hutchison was the 22nd United States Permanent Representative to NATO from August 28, 2017 to January 20, 2021. She was the senior Senator from Texas. Hutchison is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. In 2001, she was named one of the thirty most powerful women in America by the "Ladies Home Journal".

On June 29, 2017, Hutchison was nominated to be the next United States Permanent Representative to NATO by Donald Trump. She was confirmed by the Senate in a voice vote on August 3, 2017.

Gunner's mate

The United States Navy occupational rating of gunner's mate (GM) is given by the Bureau of Naval Personnel (BUPERS) to enlisted sailors. They must either complete school training or by showing they are familiar with the field of ordnance.

The Gunner's Mate school is held at Naval Training Center Great Lakes, Illinois. The school was originally very hands-on. It is now primarily conducted through self-study computer-based training (CBT). The training focuses on the operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of Naval guns, missile launchers, and torpedoes. It has a strong emphasis on basic explosives, guidance and tracking systems, small arms, Naval ammunition classification, and safety. Upon completion of this school enlisted members often continue on to a specialized school. At the specialized school they learn a particular weapons system.
A GM will specialize in weapons such as the M500 shotgun, M60 machine gun, M14 rifle, M2 Browning machine gun, M9 pistol, M11 pistol, M16 rifle, M240 machine gun, M203 grenade launcher, M79 grenade launcher, M1911 pistol, M1 Garand, Mk 19 grenade launcher, Mk 18 Mod 0 Carbine Rifle, 5"/54 caliber Mark 45 gun, M242 Bushmaster chain gun, Vertical launching system, Missiles, , pyrotechnics, hand grenades, non-lethal weapons, force protection & anti-terrorism, as well as operating shooting ranges, armories, and the storage and issue of ammunition.


Sergeant First Class

Sergeant First Class is a military rank in some military's and other uniformed organizations around the world. It is typically a senior non-commissioned officer.

Sergeant First Class (SFC) is the seventh enlisted rank (E-7) in the U.S. Army. It is above Staff Sergeant and below Master Sergeant and First Sergeant. It is the first senior non-commissioned officer rank.


USS Benicia (1868)

USS "Benicia" was a screw sloop in the United States Navy during the late 19th century. She was named for Benicia, California.

"Benicia" was launched 18 August 1868 by Portsmouth Navy Yard as "Algoma". She was renamed "Benicia" on 15 May 1869. It was commissioned 1 December 1869 with Commander S. Nicholson in command.

Between March 1870 and August 1872, "Benicia" served on the Asiatic Station. It took part in Rear Admiral John Rodgers' expedition to Korea (16 May-11 June 1871). During this period Ordinary Seaman John Andrews, Chief Quartermaster Patrick H. Grace and Private Michael McNamara, USMC, received the Medal of Honor.

Following repairs at Mare Island Navy Yard, "Benicia" joined the North Pacific Squadron 6 December 1872. She cruised in Mexican, Central American, and Hawaiian waters and arrived at San Francisco, California on 29 November 1874 carrying King Kalākaua of Hawaii and his suite. 

Captain of the Mizzen Top Albert Weisbogel also received the Medal of Honor (his first award) for service on "Benicia", in 1874.

"Benicia" made a cruise to Alaska (11 May-21 July 1875) and was decommissioned at Mare Island 29 November 1875. "Benicia" was sold 3 May 1884.


Charles Brown (Medal of Honor)

Corporal Charles Brown (born 1849) received the United States's highest honor for bravery. It is called the Medal of Honor. Corporal Brown was a United States Marine. He was born in New York City. He enlisted in Hong Kong in 1870. The tracking number for his Medal of Honor is number 169. It is dated 8 February 1872. He received the medal for his actions while stationed aboard the USS Colorado.

Citation:


John Coleman (Medal of Honor)

John Coleman (October 9, 1846 – October 30, 1904) was a United States Marine. He received the United States military's highest decoration for bravery. It is called the Medal of Honor. He received it for his actions during the Korean Expedition. He was Irish-born, and received the Medal for saving the life of Boatswain's Mate Alexander McKenzie while under enemy attack on the . His death was the result of a electric tram car accident in San Diego, California. He was buried in Mount Hope Cemetery in San Diego with a headstone depicting his Civil War service. A new marker proudly displaying his the symbol of the Medal of Honor was placed in the Spring of 2018 courtesy of the Medal of Honor Historical Society of the United States.

Citation.

On board the U.S.S. Colorado in action at Korea on 11 June 1871. Fighting hand-to-hand with the enemy, Coleman succeeded in saving the life of Alexander McKenzie.


James Dougherty (Medal of Honor)

James Dougherty (November 16, 1839 – November 25, 1897) was a U.S. Marine in the 1871 Korean Campaign. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition. He was serving as a private aboard . His Medal of Honor was issued on February 8, 1872. Private Dougherty was one of fifteen United States sailors and Marines who received the Medal of Honor for this little known American military action.

He is buried in Cypress Hills National Cemetery, Section 6, Grave 12374.

Citation:

On board the in various actions of that vessel. Wounded several times, Dougherty invariably returned to duty, presenting an example of constancy and devotion to the flag.



There may have been either two James Doughertys awarded the medal during the Korean Expedition. One served on board the "Carondelet", while the other may have served on the . Alternatively, the medals may have been awarded to the same Marine.

The U.S.S. Carondelet does not appear to have served in Korea, raising the possibility that two James Doughertys received the Medal of Honor (on-line resources do not support this point) or that the citation for Private Dougherty's medal refers incorrectly to the U.S.S. Carondelet instead of to another ship (possibly the U.S.S. Benicia) involved in the Korean campaign.

Ganghwado

Ganghwa Island is an island in the beginning of the Han River. It is on the west coast of South Korea. Ganghwa Island is separated from Gimpo on the mainland by a narrow channel. The channel is connected by two bridges. The main channel of the Han River separates the island from Gaeseong in North Korea.

About 65,500 people live on the island. With an area of . It covers most of Ganghwa County, a division of Incheon Municipality. About half of the island's population lives in Ganghwa-eup, Ganghwa Town, in the northeastern part of the island. The island's highest point is Mani-san, above sea level. The island measures long and wide, and is the 4th largest island in South Korea.

Historically, it is significant as being the location of separate and brief attacks. One was the French in 1866. Another was the United States in 1871 and the Japanese in 1875 when Korea was emerging from isolation.



Selwyn College, Cambridge

Selwyn College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1882. It is named after George Selwyn, who was an important bishop and also rowed for Cambridge in the first Boat Race. Today it has about 600 students. Selwyn usually does well in exams, but is also one of the poorest colleges.

At the beginning, the college was for Christian male students only. With time, this changed and women were allowed in 1976, which was quite early compared to other colleges. The college is on Grange Road. It is built in red brick and a Gothic Revival architecture style. The college has a "Snowball" every year. This is like a May Ball, which is a traditional party in Cambridge. Unlike May Balls though, it is in the winter, usually in December.

Some important people have studied here, like Hugh Laurie and Tom Hollander, both actors.


A. J. Langer

Allison Joy Langer (born May 22, 1974) is an American TV and movie actress. She acted as Rayanne Graff in the drama show "My So-Called Life". Langer also acted as Erica Warner in the TV show "Private Practice". 

She was born in Columbus, Ohio. She moved to the San Fernando Valley with her family at age five.

Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge

Sidney Sussex College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is often just called Sidney by the students. It was created in 1596. It takes its name from Frances Sidney, Countess of Sussex, who gave money to build it. Today it has about 550 students.

It is quite a small college, and it is found in the town centre of Cambridge. Because it is in quite a small area, it has changed little since it was first built. The buildings were made of red brick at the beginning, but then they were covered by cement. 

Many important people have studied here:


Sexagenary cycle

The sexagenary cycle (六十花甲 "liùshí huājiǎ"), also known as the "stems-and-branches" or "trunks-and-branches" (干支 "gānzhī"), is a traditional Chinese calendar system. It is a list of sixty terms which are used for identifying days or years. 

The oldest Chinese system for recording and organizing time uses repeated periods of 60 days. 

Ancient records show that the sexagenary cycle was used to count years in the 3rd century B.C. 

The repeating series of 60 terms has been an important part of historical calendar systems in East Asia, including China, Japan, Korea, Tibet and Vietnam.

Each term in the sexagenary cycle is made up of two Chinese characters: 

Tables show specific years in the context of a repeating sexagenary cycle.



Francis B. Wai

Francis Brown Wai (April 14, 1917 – October 20, 1944) was a captain in the United States Army. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the recapture of the Philippines from Japan in 1944.

When he was young Wai liked to surf and he played several sports in high school and college. He graduated from college with a degree in finance. Although he started planning to work with his father he joined the Hawaii National Guard. He was commissioned a lieutenant. Wai was sent with his unit to fight in World War II. He was killed during the U.S. amphibious assault on Leyte, Philippines.

He was initially presented the Distinguished Service Cross. It is the United States' second highest decoration for valor. After an extensive review of awards in 2000, his medal was upgraded to the Medal of Honor.
, Wai is the only Chinese American and the first Asian-American officer to receive the medal.

Wai was the child of a Native Hawaiian mother and a Chinese father. Growing up, he often surfed with Duke Kahanamoku regarded as the father of surfing. He also surfed with Buster Crabbe who later became an actor. He attended the Punahou School in Honolulu where he earned athletic letters in track, football and baseball. He went to college at the Sacramento Junior College before transferring to UCLA. At UCLA, he was a four sport athlete and graduated in 1939 with a bachelor's degree in Banking and Finance. He intended to work alongside his father in real estate and banking but instead joined the military upon the outbreak of World War II.

After his graduation from college Wai enlisted in the Hawaii National Guard. He was called to active duty before the United States' entrance into World War II. He received a commission as an officer and completed Officer Candidate School in 1941. His commission was rare at a time when few Asian-Americans were allowed to serve in combat leadership roles. He was eventually assigned to the 34th Infantry Regiment of the 24th Infantry Division with the rank of Captain. The 24th Division, based at Schofield Barracks, Oahu, was among the first American units to be involved in the Pacific Theater. They exchanged fire with Japanese aircraft during the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor.

In May 1943 Captain Wai deployed to Australia with the 24th Infantry Division. By September 19, 1943 the unit was at Camp Caves, near Rockhampton. It is on the eastern coast of Australia. Wai and the rest of the unit began intensive combat training. With training completed, the division moved to Goodenough Island on January 31, 1944, to prepare for Operation Reckless. That was the name of the amphibious invasion of Hollandia, Netherlands New Guinea (now Jayapura, in the Papua province of Indonesia).

The 24th landed at Tanahmerah Bay on April 22, 1944. They seized the Hollandia Airdrome despite torrential rain and marshy terrain. Shortly after the Hollandia landing, the division's 34th Infantry Regiment moved to Biak. They went to reinforce the 41st Infantry Division. Wai's regiment captured the Sorido and Borokoe airdromes before returning to the division on Hollandia in July. In two months, Wai and his unit had crossed New Guinea and recaptured three airdromes from the Japanese.

After occupying the Hollandia area, Wai was assigned to X Corps of the Sixth United States Army in preparation for the invasion of the Philippines. On October 20, 1944, his division was paired with the 1st Cavalry Division within X Corps. The two divisions made an assault landing at Leyte. When Captain Wai landed at Red Beach, the Japanese forces stationed on the island focused their fire on the waves of incoming troops. The Japanese fired from gun positions in a palm grove in the middle of submerged rice paddies. When Wai arrived on the beach in the fifth wave, he found the soldiers there to be leaderless, disorganized, and pinned down on the open beach. Assuming command, he moved through the rice paddies, without cover. His demeanor and example inspired the other men to follow him. Without thinking of his own personal safety, he moved forward without cover to draw Japanese machine gun and rifle fire. This allowed him to identify the locations of the entrenched Japanese forces. Systematically, the Japanese positions were assaulted and overcome. Wai was killed leading an assault against the last Japanese pillbox in the area. For his actions during the landing on Leyte, Wai was posthumously presented the Distinguished Service Cross. After the war, his remains were interred at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Hawaii. His grave is in section Q, grave 1194.

In 1996 there were allegations of prejudicial treatment of Asian Americans in uniform in World War II. Congress directed Louis Caldera, then Secretary of the Army, to conduct a full review of military records. The review concluded that 22 Asian Americans, including Wai, did not receive full consideration for the Medal of Honor. In 2000 Wai's Distinguished Service Cross was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. Of those whose medals were upgraded, Wai was one of only two who did not belong to the predominantly Japanese American 442nd Regimental Combat Team/100th Infantry Battalion; the other being Rudolph B. Davila of the 7th Infantry. At a White House ceremony June 20, 2000, President Bill Clinton presented the Medal of Honor to 22 Asian Americans whose Distinguished Service Crosses were upgraded to the Medal of Honor.

During the course of his short military career, Wai earned eight awards and decorations.

Citation:
Captain Francis B. Wai distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action, on 20 October 1944, in Leyte, Philippine Islands. Captain Wai landed at Red Beach, Leyte, in the face of accurate, concentrated enemy fire from gun positions advantageously located in a palm grove bounded by submerged rice paddies. Finding the first four waves of American soldiers leaderless, disorganized, and pinned down on the open beach, he immediately assumed command. Issuing clear and concise orders, and disregarding heavy enemy machine gun and rifle fire, he began to move inland through the rice paddies without cover. The men, inspired by his cool demeanor and heroic example, rose from their positions and followed him. During the advance, Captain Wai repeatedly determined the locations of enemy strong points by deliberately exposing himself to draw their fire. In leading an assault upon the last remaining Japanese pillbox in the area, he was killed by its occupants. Captain Wai's courageous, aggressive leadership inspired the men, even after his death, to advance and destroy the enemy. His intrepid and determined efforts were largely responsible for the rapidity with which the initial beachhead was secured. Captain Wai's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army."



Christopher Martin-Jenkins

Christopher Dennis Alexander Martin-Jenkins (January 20, 1945 – January 1, 2013) was an English sportcaster, historian, and journalist who broadcast "Test Match Special" on BBC Radio.

Martin-Jenkins was born on 20 January 1945 in Peterborough, England. He studied at Marlborough College and at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge. He had one son, Robin. Martin-Jenkins died on 1 January 2013 in Rudgwick, West Sussex from lymphoma after being diagnosed a year before, aged 67.


James Faulkner

James Sebastian Faulkner (born July 18, 1948) or James Reed Faulkner is an English actor who is known for his roles in "The Bank Job", "Bridget Jones's Diary", "", "", and in "Zulu Down".

Faulkner was born on July 18, 1948 in Hampstead, London, England. He is married to Kate Faulkner. They had two sons, Guy and Leo Faulkner. He now lives in London, England.


Luge

Luge is a Winter Olympics sport. It is similar to the bobsleigh, but faster and more dangerous. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, a Georgian athlete was killed in practice after several complaints that the track was too fast.

Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic

The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian SFSR or RSFSR; , also known as the Russian Soviet Republic and the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic as well as being unofficially known as Soviet Russia, the Russian Federation or simply Russia) was an independent socialist state from 1917 to 1922. Afterwards it was the largest and most populous of the Soviet socialist republics of the Soviet Union (USSR) from 1922 to 1991. When the Soviet Union broke up, the Russian SFSR became known as the country of Russia. 

Illeana Douglas

Illeana Douglas (born July 25, 1965) is an American actress. She has appeared in many movies and television programs. She was in the 1991 remake movie "Cape Fear". She also acted in the television sitcom "Ugly Betty". She also hosts many programs for Turner Classic Movies.

Frederick Franklin

Frederick Franklin (1840–1873) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the 1871 Korean Campaign.

Frederick H. Franklin was born in 1840 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. 

Along with Bosun's Mate Alexander MacKenzie, Marine Private John Coleman, Ordinary Seaman Samuel F. Rogers and fellow Quartermaster William Troy in the attempt to save the life of Lieutenant Hugh McKee. Mckee was mortally wounded in the action. Lieutenant McKee was not eligible for the medal as an officer. 

He is buried in Proprietors' Cemetery Portsmouth, New Hampshire.

Citation:

On board the U.S.S. Colorado during the attack and capture of the Korean forts on 11 June 1871. Assuming command of Company D, after Lt. McKee was wounded, Franklin handled the company with great credit until relieved.



John J. Pershing

General of the Armies John Joseph "Black Jack" Pershing (September 13, 1860 – July 15, 1948), was a general officer in the United States Army. He led the American Expeditionary Forces in World War I. Pershing is the only person to be promoted in his own lifetime to the highest rank ever held in the United States Army. The rank is known as General of the Armies. ( promoted George Washington to the same rank but with higher seniority). Pershing holds the first United States officer service number (O-1). He was regarded as a mentor by the generation of American generals who led the United States Army in Europe during World War II. These include George C. Marshall, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Omar N. Bradley, and George S. Patton.




Narcissistic personality disorder

Narcissistic personality disorder (NPD) is a personality disorder derived from trauma, as all cluster B disorders are. It comes from extreme neglect and criticization in their childhoods, leading them to adapt to a certain survival instinct, and to shut down their emotions completely. People with NPD find it difficult to show empathy to others because of the lack of empathy they've been shown as children. They may have a sense of self-righteousness, and may defend themselves if they are in the wrong as a defense mechanism to past criticization. 

The American Psychiatric Association’s "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition" ("DSM-5") categorizes NPD as Cluster B personality disorder, with antisocial personality disorder, borderline personality disorder and histrionic personality disorder. 

Cluster B personality disorders are also known as “dramatic” personality disorders. Common to these is very emotional behavior which creates problems in relationships. Studies have found that up to 6.3% of the general population suffers from narcissistic personality disorder and it is more prevalent in men than it is in women.

Before the introduction of narcissistic personality disorder, the term narcissism was used to explain a person's extreme self-love and self-admiration. The word "narcissism" comes from Greek mythology. A handsome young man named Narcissus saw his own reflection in a pool of water and fell in love with himself. Narcissus' love could not be returned back and therefore he became a flower, which was named after him. 

In 1925 Robert Waelder introduced the term "narcissistic personality" and by 1968 the term narcissistic personality disorder was used by Heinz Kohut.

In order to be diagnosed with Narcissistic Personality Disorder, The American Psychiatric Association’s DSM-5 says that a person must show at least five of the following problematic behaviors:

It is important to note that there is a difference between narcissistic personality disorder and narcissistic traits. People with narcissistic personality traits show some of the behavior discussed above, but to a lesser degree than those with full-blown NPD.

People with NPD act very confident as a façade. A lot of people with NPD have deep-rooted self esteem issues, due to the criticization they received in their childhoods. They often need admiration and support from others in order to feel confident in themselves, and they tend to rely on other people to give them confidence. They may be obsessed with fantasies of power in order to make up for the lack of control they had during their abuse in childhood. They consider themselves to be in the right a lot of the time, because they feel they cannot trust anyone else, and are very wary about who they let into their life. They do strive for connection with others, and bonding. They are not inherently manipulative people, unless they're significantly unhealed or do not realize some of their behaviors can be abusive. In reality, these people can be very loving and attentive to their partners, as they don't want them to leave and strive to bond and make genuine connections with others, however, they tend to struggle with showing or expressing empathy to others, which makes it hard to connect. They may also struggle to maintain healthy relationships due to abandonment issues, and they become wary as the relationship goes on, insecurities fill their head, and they struggle to communicate their emotions with romantic partners. This can lead to misunderstandings, arguments, and problems during relationships. Due to a lot of the demonization on the internet and from therapists and community, a lot of people with NPD struggle asking for help, as a lot of the time they can be so deep into a mindset of survival they feel they do not need help, and that if they healed, or in their eyes, "became weaker", they may not be able to survive in the world. Listening to people with NPD can help demolish this stigma that they are manipulative, so that more people with this trauma disorder can reach out for help, and not feel afraid.

According to the DSM-5 narcissistic characteristics are often seen in successful people, but an individual can be diagnosed with NPD only when these traits affect their every day life by making it harder.

People with NPD often also have additional psychological disorders such as depression, bipolar disorder and substance abuse, as well as other disorders from the second cluster of personality disorders. 

Narcissistic personality disorder can take many forms. These are the three general categories and their descriptions:

-       Overt narcissism: likely to be outgoing, arrogant, competitive, and struggle with empathy.
-       Covert narcissism: likely to express low self esteem, introversion, avoidance, and a tendency to victimize themselves.
- Antagonistic narcissism: likely to try to assert power, disagreeability or proneness to arguing, and tendency to compete with others
source : https://psychcentral.com/health/types-of-narcissism

Narcissistic Personality Disorder is the result of a mix of genetic and environmental factors. Studies have suggested that there is 45-80% heritability, meaning that these traits are passed on from a parent to a child, supporting the genetic cause of the disorder. However it is important to remember that what is inherited is not the disorder per se, but a genetic predisposition (genotype) to developing this or any other type of mental disorder. This is where nurture comes in, because it is the environment that the person is living in that activates (or does not activate) the genotype. 

A lot depends on the dynamics within the family. If the child is neglected or constantly criticized, they may develop narcissistic personality disorder as a way of compensating for the lack of love and attention. In all cases the child has suffered damage to their psyche that is called a narcissistic injury. 

Finally, from a neurological view, studies have found that NPD is connected to a change in the brain, making it hard to express and control emotions such as empathy. 

There is no strong evidence of treatment or managing options that work. However, as with many personality disorders, the most common and used option is psychotherapy and psychodynamic methods.These options seem to be the ones most likely to control narcissism. Mental conditions that often come with narcissistic personality disorder, such as depression or anxiety disorder can be treated, but there is no evidence that medicine can treat narcissistic symptoms.

Specialist (rank)

Specialist (abbreviated "SPC") is one of the four junior enlisted ranks in the U.S. Army. It is just above Private First Class and equivalent in pay grade to Corporal. Unlike Corporals, Specialists are not considered junior non-commissioned officers (NCOs).

On 1 July 1955 four grades of Specialist were established. The first was Specialist Three (E-4). It is the only one that still exists. It was changed to Specialist Four in 1958. Specialist Two (E-5), Specialist One (E-6), and Master Specialist (E-7) were also created in 1955. These were all eventually replaced with other titles. In 1958 the DoD added two more pay grades. This gave enlisted soldiers more opportunities to progress to a full career. These were Specialist Eight (E-8) and Specialist Nine (E-9) which were abolished in 1968. All except SP4 were abolished in 1984 when SP4 was renamed as "Specialist" and abbreviated as "SPC".


442nd Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 442nd Regimental Combat Team () of the United States Army was a regimental size fighting unit. It was composed almost entirely of American soldiers of Japanese descent. These men volunteered to fight in World War II even though their families were subject to internment. The 442nd, beginning in 1944, fought primarily in Europe during World War II. The 442nd was a self-sufficient force. It fought with uncommon distinction in Italy, southern France, and Germany. The 442nd is considered to be the most decorated infantry regiment in the history of the United States Army. The 442nd was awarded eight Presidential Unit Citations and twenty-one of its members were awarded the Medal of Honor for World War II. The 442nd Regimental Combat Team motto was, "Go for Broke".






Rex Reed

Rex Taylor Reed (born October 2, 1938) is an American movie critic, journalist, actor, and was the co-host for "At the Movies". He worked for the New York Observer. He appeared as himself in the 1978 movie "Superman".

Reed was born on October 2, 1938 in Fort Worth, Texas. He was raised in New York City, New York. He now lives in Manhattan, New York City, New York. He is good friends with Liz Smith.


Joe Morgenstern

Joe Morgenstern (born October 3, 1932) is an American Pulitzer Prize-winning movie critic, historian, and journalist for the Wall Street Journal. He was born in Matamoras.

He was raised in New York City, New York. He studied at Lehigh University. He was married to Piper Laurie from 1962 until they divorced in 1982. They had one daughter. He now lives in New York City, New York.


Vincent Canby

Vincent Canby (July 27, 1924 – October 15, 2000) was an American movie critic, historian, and journalist who is known for being the critic for "The New York Times".

Canby was born on July 27, 1924 in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in New York City, New York. He studied at Dartmouth College. He was never married. Canby died on October 15, 2000 in Manhattan, New York City, New York from cancer, aged 76.


Jonathan Rosenbaum

Jonathan Rosenbaum (born February 27, 1943) is an American movie critic, journalist, and historian. He worked for the "Chicago Reader" until his retirement in 2008 at age 65.

Rosenbaum was born on February 27, 1943 in Florence, Alabama. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at The Putney School and at Bard College. He was never married. He now lives in Chicago, Illinois.


Jane Kaczmarek

Jane Kaczmarek (born December 21, 1955, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American actress who acted as Lois in "Malcolm in the Middle". She has acted on other television series, particularly sitcoms.

Mike Awesome

Michael Lee Alfonso (January 24, 1965 – February 17, 2007) was an American professional wrestler best known for wrestling with Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Championship Wrestling and the WWF/WWE best known under the ring name Mike Awesome. 

During his time with ECW, he won the ECW World Heavyweight Championship two times and the ECW World Tag Team Championship one time with Raven. 

He joined WCW in 2000 and started his "Career Killer" gimmick when he threw Chris Kanyon off the top of the first level of a triple cage and he landed on the entrance ramp. His gimmick was somewhat changed and he started calling himself "The Fat Chick Thrilla" after his heavy women. He would later change his gimmick once again and was known as "That '70s Guy" Mike Awesome which was a reference to That '70s Show. As The '70s Guy, he would dress up in different 1970s inspired outfits and also hosted an interview segment called the "Lava Lamp Lounge". He also used to drive a bus which was painted like the bus in The Partridge Family into arenas for his entrance. He also feuded with Vampiro and Insane Clown Posse members Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope. 

He became part of The Invasion storyline and debuted on WWE television when he attacked Rhyno with a metal pipe after Rhyno defeated Test for the Hardcore Championship. After he attacked Rhyno, he powerbombed him onto a ladder and pinned him to become Hardcore Champion because of the 24/7 rule. He become the first member of the Invaders to win a title in the WWF but he finally lost the title when he was pinned by Jeff Hardy on SmackDown!. He was later assigned to appear on WWE Velocity where he jobbed before being released on September 27, 2002. He later said in the book, "The Death of WCW", that "Being in the WWE (formerly the WWF) sucked. I hated it. You had to kiss everybody's ass... You had to be on your political toes all the time. You would not believe the backstage politics. You were getting stabbed in the back constantly. I was so happy when I was told I was gone [fired]."

He left the WWE and appeared on the independent circuit for five years before retiring from professional wresting in February 2006 to spend more time with his family.

He was found hanged in his Tampa home by a group of his friends on February 17, 2007.

Kenneth Turan

Kenneth Turan (born October 27, 1946) is an American movie critic, journalist, historian, and radio personality. He has worked for the "Los Angeles Times" since 1991.

Turan was born on October 27, 1946 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Swarthmore College and at Columbia University. Turan is not married and has no children. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Steven Rea

Steven Rea or Steven X. Rea is a British-born American movie critic, journalist, historian, writer, and poet. He writes for the "Philadelphia Inquirer".

Rea was born in London, England. He was raised in New York City. Rea studied at Stuyvesant High School, at San Francisco State University, and at the University of Iowa. He is married. He lives in Los Angeles, California and in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 



Michael Phillips (critic)

Michael Phillips (born 1961) is an American movie critic, journalist, and historian who works as a critic for the "Chicago Tribune". His influences include Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel.

Phillips was born in 1961 in Kenosha, Wisconsin. He was raised in Racine, Wisconsin. He studied at the University of Minnesota. He now lives in Chicago, Illinois.


Ansbertus

Ansbertus, Ansbert or Ausbert was a Frankish nobleman and politician. His wife, Billihild, claimed to be the daughter of Charibert I, Merovingian King of Paris, and granddaughter of Chlothar I Magnus. Ansbert was the father of Arnoald of Mez and grandfather of Doda of Mez.


Colin Covert

Colin Covert is an American movie critic, historian, and journalist. He worked as a critic for the "Minneapolis Star Tribune". In December 2018, Covert resigned from the "Tribune" after he was accused of plagiarism.

Covert was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey. He studied at Macalester College. He was raised in Minnesota. Covert now lives in Minneapolis, Minnesota.


Curriculum

A curriculum (plural: curricula) is a program of study. It is used to plan teaching or training. It spells out the details so others can know what is going to happen:

Today it usually means the courses, their content, and the coursework offered at a school or university. Often, curricula are backed by some kind of theory, or by intending to change what was done before. Curricula may be backed by textbooks and by courses to train teachers. The study of curricula is part of most qualifications for teachers.

A similar word is syllabus, which means a summary of topics which will be covered during an academic course, or book or lecture. Another term is discipline, which in this sense means an academic subject-matter.

Historically, curricula have done more than act as a background for syllabi and examinations. They have discussed the basis of teaching by taking account of:

The four questions asked by Tylor in his introductory text are generally regarded as fundamental:

There are no hard-and-fast rules for answering those questions. There have always been different theories of education which are based on different attitudes to education and to life itself. Roughly speaking, these theories have two opposite ends. At one end is child-centered education. This is concerned to adapt the teaching to the needs and development of individual children, and is most used in kindergarten and primary education. The other end is society-oriented. It aims to make sure society gets a steady supply of young adults able to fill the jobs and roles which society needs to be filled. In some countries the approach would be more religion-oriented. This would aim to produce young adults whose main aim is to live according to the precepts (beliefs, practices) of a particular religion.

A term sometimes used to describe what a critic thinks is really going on in an educational system. It means the unspoken beliefs and values of an institution, the implicit demands of behavour and respect. In a school subject-matter is taught, but much else is going on. 


Otto I the Illustrious

Otto I of Saxony and Otto the Illustrious (ca. 841 – 30 November 912) was a German Saxon noble. He was Duke of Saxony. He was the father of Henry I the Fowlers and grandfather of Otto I the Great. He was also father-in-law of Zwentibold, Carolingian King of Lotharingia.

Otto was born between 830 and 841, and was one of the sons of Liudolf, Duke of Saxony, and Gisela, the daughter of Everhart Friuli and Geslea of Franks. Otto's uncle was Berengar I of Italy. His paternal ancestor was an old chief of Saxony.

Otto was a powerful noble of Saxony and Eastern Germany for a long time. His sister Liutgard was married to King Louis the Younger. Around the 890s, his daughter Oda married Zwentibold, King of Lotharingia.

In 911, the East Frankish King Louis the Child died without any children. German nobles said that Otto should be crowned as king, but he declined (said no) because of his old age (he was around 70 at that point). He instead recommended Conrad to Franken, his powerful political rival. In 918, his son Henry I the Fowler was appointed as King.

Rachel Ward

Rachel Claire Ward (born 12 September 1957) is an English movie and television performer who starred in movies like "Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid" and "Night School". She also starred in the television miniseries "The Thorn Birds".

Trinity Hall, Cambridge

Trinity Hall is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is often just called Tit Hall by the students. It was created in 1350 and it is the fifth oldest college. It takes its name from the Holy Trinity. 

The money to build the college was given by William Bateman, the Bishop of Norwich. He wanted to build a new centre for studying canon law and civil science. This was because the Black Death had killed many priests. Today, it has about 600 students. The college is found next to the river Cam. In 1999, the Jerwood Library was built. It became quite famous in Cambridge because it is a beautiful building by the river.

Many important people have studied at Trinity Hall, for example:

There also many British rowers that have studied at Trinity Hall and won medals at the Olympics. This is because the college has a very good boat club, where students can play this sport.


Wolfson College, Cambridge

Wolfson College is one of the 31 Colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. The College admits mature students, who are 21 years or older, for both undergraduate and postgraduate courses. 

The College was founded in 1965 as University College. The name was changed to Wolfson College on 1 January 1973, following a major donation from the Wolfson Foundation, a charity. Today there are more than 900 students at the College with approximately 70% coming from overseas. The College is located on Barton Road, which is about a mile to the west of Cambridge city centre.


Comenius

Comenius (28 March 1592 – 15 November 1670) was a 17th-century Czech bishop, and an innovator in education. His name is spelt differently in almost every language. In English it is John Amos Comenius, but he is usually called just 'Comenius'.

Comenius is famous for arguing for universal literacy, and inventing the idea of a modern textbook which used pictures as well as prose to get its message across. Comenius also tried to design a language in which false statements could not be written.

There are about 16 works, with many translations and versions.

James Buck

James Buck (1808 – November 1, 1865) was a sailor in the United States Navy during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions aboard U.S.S. Brooklyn.

Buck, born in Denver, Colorado and joined the Navy in 1852. He was an Acting Master's Mate when he was presented the Medal of Honor. He received it for his actions aboard U.S.S. Brooklyn. He was a Quartermaster. The medal was approved under General Order 11, dated April 3, 1863.

Buck died November 1, 1865. He is buried in Greenmount Cemetery in Baltimore, MD. His grave is in section Q-24, GPS (lat/lon): 39.30936, -76.6062.

The United States Navy named three ships USS "Buck" in his name. The first ship to be name after Buck was . It was a motorboat built in 1911. The second ship to be named after Buck was . It was a Sims-class destroyer. That ship served from 1939 until she was sunk during the invasion of Italy in 1943. The third and final ship to take its name from James Buck was . This Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer served from 1946 until 1973.

Citation:

Served on board the U.S.S. Brooklyn in the attack upon Forts Jackson and St. Philip and at the taking of New Orleans, 24 and 25 April 1862. Although severely wounded by a heavy splinter, Buck continued to perform his duty until positively ordered below. Later stealing back to his post, he steered the ship for 8 hours despite his critical condition. His bravery was typical of the type which resulted in the taking of the Forts Jackson and St. Philip and in the capture of New Orleans.


USS Buck (SP-1355)

The first USS "Buck" (SP-1355) was later renamed to USS "SP-1355". It was a tender that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918.
"Buck" was built as a civilian motorboat in 1911. On 24 August 1917, the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from the Conservation Commission of Maryland. She was used during World War I. She was commissioned as USS "Buck" (SP-1355) on 13 September 1917. 

Assigned to the 5th Naval District, "Buck" served as a tender at Norfolk, Virginia, for the remainder of World War I. She was renamed USS "SP-1355" in April 1918.

"SP-1355" was decommissioned late in 1918. The Navy returned her to Consevration Commission of Maryland on either 24 September 1918 or 27 November 1918.


Per &quot;Dead&quot; Ohlin

Per Yngve Ohlin (16 January 1969 – 8 April 1991) was a Swedish black metal musician best known for performing with the band Mayhem under the stage name Dead.

He was given the name "Dead" after a near-death experience when his spleen ruptured after being beat up by bullies and was clinically dead for a while. He became fascinated with death and dying afterwards and received his name.

He was also a founding member of the death metal band Morbid and performed with them on their "December Moon" demo.

He was described by Jan Axel "Hellhammer" Blomberg, the drummer for Mayhem, as being "a very strange personality ... depressed, melancholic, and dark" and guitarist Øystein 'Euronymous' Aarseth said "I honestly think Dead is mentally insane. Which other way can you describe a guy who does not eat, in order to get starving wounds? Or who has a T-shirt with funeral announcements on it?"

Dead's mental state began to take a turn for the worse due to his fascination with death and his social situation. Because of this, he would usually cut himself while performing on stage with either a broken bottle or a blade. Euronymous was fascinated with Dead's suicidal tendencies and would encourage Dead to kill himself often. Varg Vikernes sent shotgun shells to Dead in 1991. On 8 April 1991, In the house he shared with Euronymous, he slit his throat and wrists with a knife and then shot himself in the forehead with a shotgun. His suicide note said that he was sorry for shooting himself indoors and he ended the note with "Excuse all the blood". Euronymous returned home and had to climb through an open window because all the doors to the house were locked. He found Dead's body but before he called the police, he went to a nearby shop and bought a disposable camera which he used to photograph Dead's body after he moved around some of the items. He also kept some pieces of Dead's shattered skull. Hellhammer developed the pictures and Euronymous said that he would later destroy the pictures but he never did. He kept the pictures in an envelope at his record shop Helvete instead and sent one of the pictures to the owner of Warmaster Records which used the picture of Dead's body as the cover art for Mayhem's 1995 bootleg live album "Dawn of the Black Hearts". The other band members were disgusted at Euronymous' actions before and after Dead's death and Bassist Necrobutcher decided that he wasn't going to be friends with him anymore.

He was ranked #48 out of "50 of The Greatest Metal Frontmen of All Time" by Roadrunner Records.

Jōkyō calendar

, also called Teikyō-reki, was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was used from 1684-1753. It was made official in 1685.

The "Jōkyō-reki" system was the work of Shibukawa Shunkai. He recognized that the length of the solar year is 365.2417 days.

Shirakawa discovered errors in the traditional Chinese calendar which had been in use for 800 years. This older system was also known as the "Semmyō" calendar or 'Semmei-reki". It was also known as the "Xuanming" calendar.



Jimmy Doolittle

General/Doctor James Harold "Jimmy" Doolittle, USAF (December 14, 1896 – September 27, 1993) was an American aviation pioneer. Doolittle served as an officer in the United States Army Air Forces during the Second World War. He earned the Medal of Honor for his valor and leadership as commander of the Doolittle Raid while a lieutenant colonel.

Doolittle was born in Alameda, California. He spent his youth in Nome, Alaska where he earned a reputation as a boxer. His parents were Frank Henry Doolittle and Rosa (Rose) Cerenah Shephard. By 1910, Jimmy Doolittle was attending school in Los Angeles. When his school attended the 1910 Los Angeles International Air Meet at Dominguez Field Doolittle saw his first airplane. He attended Los Angeles City College after graduating from Manual Arts High School in Los Angeles. He later won admission to the University of California, Berkeley where he studied in The School of Mines. He was a member of Theta Kappa Nu fraternity. Doolittle took a leave of absence in October 1917 to enlist in the Signal Corps Reserve as a flying cadet. He did his ground training at the University of California School of Military Aeronautics where he later received his doctorate. His flight-training was done at Rockwell Field, California. Doolittle received his Reserve Military Aviator rating. He was commissioned a first lieutenant in the Signal Officers Reserve Corps on March 11, 1918.

Citation:

For conspicuous leadership above the call of duty, involving personal valor and intrepidity at an extreme hazard to life. With the apparent certainty of being forced to land in enemy territory or to perish at sea, Gen. Doolittle personally led a squadron of Army bombers, manned by volunteer crews, in a highly destructive raid on the Japanese mainland.

Citation:

The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress July 9, 1918, takes pleasure in presenting the Army Distinguished Service Medal to Major General James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), United States Army Air Forces, for exceptionally meritorious and distinguished services to the Government of the United States, in a duty of great responsibility as Commander of the Northwest African Strategic Air Force since its organization. Under his guidance and direction, this Force has developed a high degree of efficiency and accuracy and brought about, in great measure, a critical reduction in the supplies and reinforcements needed by the enemy. General Doolittle's energy, good judgment, exceptional qualities of leadership and wholehearted cooperation were primary factors in the ultimate success of air operations during the Tunisian Campaign.

1st Citation:

The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 2, 1926, takes pleasure in presenting the Distinguished Flying Cross to First Lieutenant (Air Service) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), U.S. Army Air Corps, for extraordinary achievement while participating in an aerial flight. On September 4–5, 1922, Lieutenant Doolittle accomplished a one-stop flight from Pablo Beach, Florida, to San Diego, California, in 22 hours and 30 minutes elapsed time, an extraordinary achievement with the equipment available at that time. By his skill, endurance, and resourcefulness he demonstrated the possibility of moving Air Corps units to any portion of the United States in less than 24 hours, thus reflecting great credit on himself and to the Army of the United States.

2nd Citation:
The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 2, 1926, takes pleasure in presenting a Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster in lieu of a Second Distinguished Flying Cross to First Lieutenant (Air Service) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), U.S. Army Air Corps, for extraordinary achievement while participating in an aerial flight. During March 1924, at McCook Field, Dayton, Ohio, Lieutenant Doolittle, piloting a Fokker PW-7 pursuit airplane, performed a series of acceleration tests requiring skill, initiative, endurance, and courage of the highest type. In these test a recording accelerometer was mounted in the airplane and the accelerations taken for the following maneuvers. Loops at various air speeds; single and multiple barrel rolls; power spirals; tail spins; power on and power off; half loop, half roll, and immelman turn; Inverted flight; pulling out of dive at various air speeds; flying the airplane on a level course with considerable angle of bank; and flying in bumpy air. In these test the airplane was put through the most extreme maneuvers possible in order that the flight loads imposed upon the wings of the airplane under extreme conditions of sir combat might, be ascertained. These test were put through with that fine combination of fearlessness and skill which constitutes the essence of distinguished flying. Through them scientific data of great and permanent importance to the Air Corps were obtained.

3rd Citation:
The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 2, 1926, takes pleasure in presenting a Second Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster in lieu of a Third Distinguished Flying Cross to Colonel (Air Corps) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), United States Army Air Forces, for extraordinary achievement as Pilot of a B-25 Bomber and Commanding Officer of the 1st Special Aviation Project (Doolittle Raider Force), while participating in a highly destructive raid on the Japanese mainland on April 18, 1942. Colonel Doolittle with 79 other officers and enlisted men volunteered for this mission knowing full well that the chances of survival were extremely remote, and executed his part in it with great skill and daring. This achievement reflects high credit on himself and the military service.

Citation:

The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress July 9, 1948, takes pleasure in presenting the Silver Star to Major General (Air Corps) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), United States Army Air Forces, for gallantry in action. Since February 19, 1943, when he took command of the Allied Strategic Air Force (Northwest Africa), General Doolittle, by his untiring energy, initiative and personal example has inspired the units under him to renewed successful efforts against the enemy. On April 5, 1943, the strategic air force was responsible for the destruction of forty eight enemy planes in the air and approximately 100 on the ground. This extraordinary achievement under the leadership of General Doolittle reflects great credit to himself and the armed forces of the United States.

Doolittle was also awarded the Bolivian Order of the Condor of the Andes, now in the collection of the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum.

In 1972 James H. Doolittle was awarded the Horatio Alger Award which is given to those who are dedicated community leaders who demonstrate individual initiative and a commitment to excellence; as exemplified by remarkable achievements accomplished through honesty, hard work, self-reliance and perseverance over adversity. The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans, Inc. bears the name of the renowned author Horatio Alger, Jr., whose tales of overcoming adversity through unyielding perseverance and basic moral principles captivated the public in the late 19th century.

In April 1985, Doolittle was awarded a fourth star making him a full ranked general. He received the award from President Ronald Reagan and U.S. Senator Barry M. Goldwater.

The Society of Experimental Test Pilots annually presents the James H. Doolittle Award in his memory. The award is for "outstanding accomplishment in technical management or engineering achievement in aerospace technology".

The city of Doolittle, Missouri, located 5 miles west of Rolla was named in his honor after World War II.





Estonian

The word Estonian can mean:


Kansei calendar

The "Kansei-reki" system was the work of Takahashi Yoshitoki and Hazama Shigetomi.

Takahashi and Hazama used Western astronomy studies to modify the traditional calendar.



Tenpō calendar

The "Tenpō-reki" system was the work of Shibukawa Kagesuke. This was the last traditional calendar system created by Japanese astronomers and mathematicians.

The "Tenpō" calendar was set aside when Japan adopted the Western calendar in 1872 ("Meiji 5").



Jessica Andrews

Jessica Danielle Andrews (born December 29, 1983) is an American singer. She performs country music. Her first record "Heart Shaped World" was released in 1999. On April 7, 2001, her first and only number one single "Who I Am" reached the #1 spot in the country charts. She was born near Huntingdon, Tennessee.

Anna Wing

Anna Eva Lydia Catherine Wing, MBE (30 October 1914 - 7 July 2013) was an English actress. She is best known for playing Lou Beale on British television soap opera "EastEnders".

Wing was born on 30 October 1914 in Hackney, East London, England.

Wing is best known for playing the Lou Beale on "EastEnders" from the show's beginning in February 1985, until the character was killed off in July 1988.

In May 2005 Wing attended the British Soap Awards, where she presented June Brown with a lifetime achievement award for Brown's portrayal of Dot Branning in "EastEnders". In 2005, Wing was part of the cast of the short movie "Ex Memoria". She played Grandma in the 2007 movie "Son of Rambow".

In 2009, when Wing was 94, she worked on a short movie called "Numbers Up". The same year Wing was named Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours for her services to drama and charity.

Wing was married to Peter Davey from 1944 until they divorced in 1947. They had a son. After that, Philip O'Connor was her partner until his death in 1998. They had a son.

Wing lived in London, England during her final years. Wing died on the morning of 7 July 2013 in Hackney, East London, England from natural causes, aged 98.


Hōryaku calendar

The "Hōreki Kōjutsu Genreki" system was the work of Abe Yasukuni, Shibukawa Kōkyō, and Nishiyama Seikyū. 

Errors in the calendar were corrected in 1798, and in 1844 In 1872, the Western calendar was adopted.



Mikhail Kalashnikov

Mikhail Timofeyevich Kalashnikov (10 November 1919 – 23 December 2013) was a Russian designer who is known for designing the AK-47, AKM, and AK-74 assault rifles when he served in the Soviet Army during World War II. He had the rank of lieutenant general.

Kalashnikov was born on 10 November 1919 in Kuriya, Altai Krai, Russian SFSR. He served in World War II and created many weapons and bombs including the AK-47 and a submachine gun. He was married to Ekaterina Kalashnikova. They had three children, one of them was gun designer Victor Kalashnikov. He lived in Izhevsk, Udmurtia. 

On 17 November, Kalashnikov was hospitalized in an Udmurtian medical hospital for gastric hemorrhage. He died on the morning of 23 December, 2013 from the illness, aged 94.


Brenda Joyce

Brenda Joyce (February 25, 1917-July 4, 2009) was an American actress whose acting career was rather short, although memorable. She was in several movies, including "Thumbs Up", "The Rains Came" and several Tarzan movies. 

Joyce was born in Missouri. She died in California as a result of pneumonia. She was 92.

Inca Civil War

The Inca Civil War, the Inca Dynastic War, or the Inca War of Succession, was a civil war in the Inca Empire. It was fought between two brothers, Huáscar and Atahualpa, sons of Huayna Cápac, over who would be the next emperor. The war came after Huayna Capac's death in 1527, and lasted from 1529 until 1532. When their father died, the empire was divided between the two brothers. Huáscar got most part of it, with the capital Cusco. Atahualpa got the northern parts, including Quito.

Huáscar started the war because he saw himself as the rightful heir to the kingdom. Atahualpa proved to be a better war tactician than his brother, and commanded a much bigger army. The empire was reunited under Atahualpa in 1532, but he was executed by the Spanish less than a year later.

It was partly because of this civil war that the Spanish conquistadors, under Francisco Pizarro, were successful.


Cao Dai

Cao Dai (also Caodaism or Caodaiism) is a new religious movement founded in Vietnam. It mixes ideas from other religions.

Cao Đài is a syncretic, monotheistic religion officially established in the city of Tây Ninh, southern Vietnam in 1926. The religion combines Buddhism, Christianity, Taoism, Confucianism. The full name of the religion is Đại Đạo Tam Kỳ Phổ Độ (great religion of the third period of revelation and salvation).

Cao Dai uses ethical precepts from Confucianism, occult practices from Taoism, theories of Karma and Rebirth from Buddhism, and a hierarchical organization (including a Pope) from Christianity. Caodaiists (believers of Cao Dai) believe that the first disciples of the religion, Ngô Văn Chiêu, Cao Quỳnh Cư, Phạm Công Tắc and Cao Hoài Sang spoke to God and God spoke to them. God told them to establish a new religion that would commence the third era of religious amnesty. Because of this, Caodaiist credit God for founding their religion. The ultimate goal of a Caodaist is to rejoin with God the Father in Heaven and to break away from the cycle of rebirth and death. Women can only wear white dresses as they have to be pure, whereas men can wear colored clothing once they reach higher levels in the religion.

Cao Dai was established in the Vietnamese city of Tây Ninh in 1926. Cao Dai was granted legal recognition in 1997. Cao Dai was found by Ngô Văn Chiêu, Cao Quỳnh Cư, Phạm Công Tắc, and Cao Hoài. Caodaist believe God spoke to these people to establish a new religion. 

The name for God in Cao Dai is Cao Đài the Ancient Sage and Great Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Caodaiist believe God chose this title because it represents the Three Teachings: Saint, Sage, and Buddha.

 Cao Dai teaches that before God existed, there was Tao. Tao is the unchanging, nameless, formless, immortal source. Then the Big Bang occurred, and out of the Big Bang, God miraculously blessed us with his birth and was poured onto us from the universe (emanationism). The Universe could not be formed so Yin Yang were created by the Almighty himself. As Adam took one of his ribs to create Eve, God took control of yang and a part of himself, thereby creating the Goddess to assemble with yin. Now that the Union was completed, the Universe was formed. The Goddess, Holy Mother, is referred by Caodaiist as Mother Buddha. Cao Dai teaches that there are 36 levels of Heaven, and 72 planets having intelligent life. The first planet is closest to Heaven while number 72 is closest to Hell. Earth is number 68.

The three teachings of Cao Dai are:


Note: The top is believed to be the hardest to achieve while the bottom is believed to be the easiest to achieve.

The three teachings represent levels of spiritual attainment. In Cao Dai's teaching being a Buddha is the hardest to achieve. Cao Dai teaches that humans can develop into other beings. Humans can develop into: Thần (angel), Thánh (saint), Tiên (sage), and Phật (buddha). According to Cao Dai, everyone can turn into one of these beings. Angels, Saints, and Sages have extremely long lives in the realms of Heavens, but Buddhas are the only ones free from the cycle of birth and death.



According to Cao Dai teachings, God is at helm, he will not take human form as in the two past periods. Instead he sends his teachings through sacred seance ceremonies.

The three anchors (the three teachings) are:


 There are many Holy people from other religions. Some people from history are also venerated including: Buddha, Lao Tsu, Confucius, Guan Yin, Jesus, Sun Yat-sen, Victor Hugo, and many more.

These are the main scriptures of Cao Dai.


Other branches of Cao Dai have additional scriptures.

Cao Dai has an organizational structure similar to Catholicism. Cao Dai's hierarchy includes a Pope, cardinals, bishops, priest, etc. Cao Dai teaches equality between men and women, but women are not allowed to be Legislative Cardinal and Pope, the two highest positions in Cao Dai. The religion and church claims that God ordered this because Yang represents Male while Yin represents Female. Yin cannot dominate Yang or else Chaos will happen.

 In total there are about 6 officially recognized branches of Cao Dai. There are several others. The largest branch is based in Tây Ninh Province, where the religion was founded in 1926 and where the seat of Cao Đài authority is located. Some sects broke away from the Tây Ninh Holy See. The sects that broke away are Chiếu Minh, Bến Tre, and Đà Nẵng. Ngô Văn Chiêu founded Chiếu Minh. He left because he refused his appointment as Cao Dai's first Pope.

Cao Dai is the third largest religion in Vietnam after Buddhism and Roman Catholicism. Estimates of followers in Vietnam is about 2-6 million, or around 2%. Estimates of followers in other countries is about 30,000.


2051

2051 (MMLI) will be .




2050

2050 (MML) will be .









The Lover

The Lover is a 1992 French erotic drama movie. It is based on the 1984 novel of the same name. It is set in 1929 in Vietnam and is about a relationship between a 15 year old French girl and a Chinese man twice her age. It was originally tagged NC-17 by the MPAA. However, the producers of "The Lover" appealed and the rating was changed to R. When this was released into theaters, it received mixed reaction. Audiences praised it. American critics, however, gave negative reviews of this drama.

Rover (space exploration)

A rover is a vehicle that travels on the ground of a planet, moon, or other astronomical object. Some rovers carry people that drive them. Most are robots that can drive themselves for short distances, but humans on Earth give them directions each day about where to go and what to do. They are electric vehicles, either using solar power or nuclear power.


The only rovers to successfully land on Mars were sent there by NASA. They have special equipment on arms for testing the soil, taking pictures and doing other planetary science.


Camp Caves, Queensland

Camp Caves was a US Army training camp north of the city of Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia. It was built during World War Two. The army used the camp from September 1943 until early in 1944. It was one of several US training camps in the area including Camp Nerimbera, Camp Thompson’s Point, Camp Keppel Sands, Camp Yeppoon and Camp Wallaroo.

Camp Caves was the camp for the 24th Infantry Division. The division was also called the Hawaiian Division. It was called Camp Caves after the small town, The Caves, which was close to the campsite. The camp was along the side of the Bruce Highway. It included medical services, warehouses, ammunition dumps, landing strips, and a small arms firing range. Work on building the camp began in November 1942 but was soon stopped. It started again in July 1943. The camp was not used after March 1944.

Locksmith

A locksmith is a person who works with locks, keys and . Locksmithing is the profession of a locksmith.
Locksmiths fix broken locks, make keys, and install security systems like alarms.
In most countries locksmiths must follow a strict set of laws. In some countries locksmiths start as apprentices. In others, they must get a certificate or degree after training at a school or university.

Some countries such as the UK, there are no actual laws or rules as to who can become a locksmith, so many locksmiths choose to join a trade association to prove their proficiency and credentials.

Locksmiths commonly work with all types of locks. Other areas that locksmiths cover include , auto locksmithing, safes, and access control. These areas are specialist and require specialized training
One of the most commonly used metals that locksmiths use to make keys in Europe is steel. Locksmiths in the US, Australia, and New Zealand would use brass as their main material.

Mortise locks, commonly found on older buildings, are comprised of a pocket that is cut into the door (or other piece of furniture) to which the lock will be fitted. These locks were used before the arrival of bored cylindrical locks.
Automotive locksmith can help out with getting a new keys made for a car. They can also make duplicate keys and push-to-start key fobs. Usually automotive locksmiths are mobile, and they get to their customers by driving to them.

Peter Sutcliffe

Peter William Sutcliffe (2 June 1946 – 13 November 2020) was a British serial killer known as the Yorkshire Ripper. He was born in Bingley, West Riding of Yorkshire. In 1981, he was convicted of murdering thirteen women and attempting to murder seven others. He was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. He served a twenty sentences of life imprisonment in Broadmoor High Security Hospital.

Sutcliffe married Sonia Szurma 10 August 1974. They lived together in Heaton, Bradford.

Sutcliffe died on 13 November 2020 while in prison in Durham from COVID-19, aged 74.

Kenneth Walker

Brigadier General Kenneth Newton Walker (17 July 1898 – 5 January 1943) was a United States Army aviator. He was also a United States Army Air Forces general who had a significant influence on the development of airpower doctrine. He posthumously received the Medal of Honor in World War II.

Walker joined the United States Army in 1917. It was after the American entry into World War I. He trained as an aviator and became a flying instructor. In 1920 and after the end of the war, he received a commission in the Regular Army. After service in various capacities he graduated from the Air Corps Tactical School in 1929. Then he served as an instructor there. He supported the creation of a separate air organization for strategic bombardment. He published articles on the subject and becoming part of a clique known as the "Bomber Mafia". They argued for bombers over other forms of military aviation.

Even after he was promoted to Brigadier General, Walker frequently flew combat missions over New Guinea. For this he received the Silver Star. On 5 January 1943, he was shot down and killed leading a daylight bombing raid over Rabaul. It was for this action he was awarded the Medal of Honor.

In January 1948, Roswell Army Air Field in Roswell, New Mexico, was renamed Walker Air Force Base in honor of Walker. The base was closed on 30 June 1967. Walker Hall and its Walker Air Power Room are at Maxwell Air Force Base. They are also named after him. It is the home of the Air Force Doctrine Development and Education Center. The Walker Papers is an Air Force Fellows program. It annually honors the top three research papers produced by Air Force Fellows with the Walker Series award. The Walker Series recognizes the contributions each Fellow has made to research supporting air and space power and its use in the implementation of US strategic policy.



Kate Bosworth

Kate Bosworth (born January 2, 1983) is an American actress. She played Lois Lane in "Superman Returns". She was born in Los Angeles and was raised in Connecticut.

Division of Banks

The Division of Banks is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. It was set up in 1949. It is named for Sir Joseph Banks, the British scientist who accompanied James Cook on his voyage to Australia in 1770. 

The division of Banks is covers the south-western suburbs of Sydney. It includes Allawah, Blakehurst, Connells Point, Hurstville, Hurstville Grove, South Hurstville, Kyle Bay, Lugarno, Mortdale, Oatley, Padstow Heights, Peakhurst, Peakhurst Heights, and Penshurst, and parts of Bankstown, Beverly Hills, Carlton, Kingsgrove, Narwee, Padstow, Punchbowl, Revesby and Riverwood.

Daryl Melham was the chairman of the ALP caucus from 2004 until 2012.


Tia Carrere

Tia Carrere (born January 2, 1967) is an American movie and television performer. Her career was launched around 1985. She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii to Filipino parents. Her notable movies include the 1992 comedy "Wayne's World". She began her career with the TV series "Airwolf". Other television shows and movies followed. In 2006, she was a contestant on the show "Dancing with the Stars".

Carrere was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. 

Ferromagnetism

Ferromagnetism is a property of many materials like iron. They are magnets, so they are attracted to, or pulled towards other magnets. In physics, there are many different types of magnetism. Ferromagnetism is the strongest one. It is used every day in many technological objects, like television screens, credit cards and refrigerators.

Ferromagnets are materials that have some magnetization on their own. This means that at a temperature of absolute zero and without any magnetic field from other objects, they are still magnetic. The reason for this is that the electrons in a material have a spin. In ferromagnetic materials, the electrons like to have all the spins going one way, giving some magnetism. Usually, as the temperature is increased, the magnetization goes down. This is because the high temperature causes the electrons in the material to move around a bit more. They do not have the spins perfectly going in the same way anymore. The point at which there is no magnetization anymore is called the Curie temperature. This changes with different materials.

Some materials that are ferromagnets are: iron, cobalt, nickel. Hematite is also ferromagnetic but only above a certain temperature.


Division of Barton

The Division of Barton is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. It was created in 1922 and is named for Sir Edmund Barton, the first Prime Minister of Australia. 

It includes the inner suburbs of Arncliffe, Banksia, Bardwell Valley, Beverley Park, Bexley, Bexley North, Brighton-Le-Sands, Carss Park, Dolls Point, Kogarah, Kogarah Bay, Kyeemagh, Monterey, Ramsgate, Ramsgate Beach, Rockdale, Sandringham, Sans Souci, Turrella and Wolli Creek and parts of Beverly Hills, Carlton, Earlwood and Kingsgrove.

Dr H. V. Evatt was the Leader of the ALP 1951–60. Evatt nearly lost the seat in 1951 and 1955, and in 1958 he moved to the safe seat of Hunter.

The first member for Barton was Labor's Frederick McDonald. He disappeared after his 1925 defeat by Nationalist Thomas Ley. It is now believed that Ley had him murdered. Ley was later found to be insane and died in Broadmoor Asylum in Britain. Robert McClelland, was Australia's Attorney-General. Linda Burney is the first Indigenous Australian woman elected to the Australian parliament.



David Jalbert

David Jalbert (born May 5, 1980) is a Canadian folk musician and singer-songwriter. He is from Mascouche, Québec. He plays guitar and sings.

David Jalbert grew up in Mascouche, more precisely in the Domaine Lac Samson. His father is a guitarist. This influenced his lifestyle. Jalbert became fascinated with music when he was very young. During elementary school, his passion developed gradually. His parents put him in various competitions and he loved this artist lifestyle. When he was a child, he was inspired by The Colocs, C.C.R, The Beatles, Plume Latraverse, Jonh Mellencamp, Beau Dommage and Bob Dylan.

In 1994, Jalbert joined a band of three. The group was called Big Joe, and they played punk rock music. After that, he focused on his studies to finish school and to later be able to get a job. Meanwhile, he continued to write and compose songs. 

In 2000, Jalbert again played music in several competitions. In 2004, he played in the Mascouche competition "MusiQualité", where he won two prizes. The first one was public's choice and the second one was jury's choice. Through various competitions, he had professional encounters with Yves Marchand, Charles Dubé and the producer Alain Dupuis. They helped him to prepare his first album called "Des histoires". They chose thirteen titles from amongst thirty songs. The album was launched on April 15, 2008. He started playing concerts to promote the album on August 26, 2008, during the "FrancoFolies" of Montreal. It was followed by a tour through the Québec.

The song "Souvenir d’enfance" was the most successful song from the album. It became popular on the radio, and it was used in a McDonald's advertisement. His creative director, Mathieu Dandurand won the prize for production of the year at the gala of Terre-Neuve. Jalbert was nominated for two categories for French songwriters (he was nominated again in those categories in 2010). His second prize was for the "Artiste de la relève". He got the most nomination of any artist in the year. In 2009, he played in the "Studio-Théâtre de la Place des arts" three times and many other times in the "Cabaret juste pour rire".

The song "Raison" was the second most successful from the album. It was more successful with critics than Jalbert thought it would be. "L’aveugle" was the third radio hit. By autumn 2009, there were three music videos, forty shows and more than 15,000 albums were sold.

On May 4, 2010, Jalbert released his second studio album "Le journal". It contained the hit songs "Voyage", "Le journal", "P’tit homme", "Rendez-vous" and "Y'a pu une once". The song "Voyage" was a commercial success, and was at the top of the charts of major stations in Montreal and Québec. The song "P’tit homme" was written for Jalbert's son Félix. Later in 2010, Jalbert was invited on the TV show "Salut Bonjour" for a cultural chronic, and he played in the park Philippe-Villeneuve during the National Day festivities. In addition, he won a prize of the "Socan" for his popular song "Voyage", which was among the list of top ten pop songs most popular in 2010.

For the first time in his career, in 2011, he was nominated for best contemporary folk album at the ADISQ awards, for his album named "Le journal". The album was critically acclaimed, and is Jalbert's most commercially successful album to date. With "Des histoires" and "Le journal", Jalbert has sold over 25,000 albums. His tour show for "Le journal" was sold out. There was a second concert at the "Lion d’Or" in Montreal.

On September 18, 2012, Jalbert released his third album, "Y’a pas de bon silence". This contained the popular song "Hey Jack!", which was song dedicated to his son Jacob. This album was the fourth best selling French album in 2012, with over 2,500 albums sold since its release.

Later in 2012, Jalbert joined a project called "Fondation Dédé Fortin". His song "Ma mère disait" was part of the campaign against suicide, which is an initiative of the Quebec Associtation for Suicide Prevention with the support of psychologists of Quebec.







Genka calendar

, also known as "Yuan-chia li" or "Yuan-jia li", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was used from 604 to 696.

The calendar was created in 425 during the "Genka" era in Chinese history.

The "Genka-reki" system was brought to Japan from Korea by a Buddhist monk. The earliest record of this calendar in Japan is in the 10th month of the 10th year of the reign of Empress Suiko (602).

Dates in the "Nihon Shoki" before the late 7th century were likely recorded using the "Genka" calendar system.



Semmyō calendar

, also known as "Semmei-reki" or "Xuanming li", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was used from the late-9th century to the late-17th century.

The "Semmyō-reki" or "Semmei-reki" system corrected errors in earlier calendars which were developed in China. It was the work of Shibukawa Shunkai and Shikokawa Kōkyō.

The earliest record of this calendar is in the 8th month of the 3rd year of "Jōgan" (861) during the reign of the Emperor Seiwa.



Gihō calendar

, also known as "Yi-feng li" or "Rentoku-reki", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki").

The calendar was created in China. It was first used in the "Rintoku" era during the Tang Dynasty..

The "Gihō-reki" system was brought from Korea to Japan in "Yi-feng" era (676-678) of the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang. This calendar corrected errors in the "Yuan-jia li" (Genka calendar) which was developed in China. For a short time, both "Genka" and "Gihō" calendars were in use.



Oestrous cycle

The oestrous cycle (U.S: estrous cycle) is the reproductive system in most mammals.

Reproductive hormones cause the cycles to start after puberty in sexually mature females. They are interrupted by non-breeding phases or by pregnancies. Usually estrous cycles continue until death.

Mammals share the same reproductive system, including the regulatory hypothalamic system that releases gonadotropin-releasing hormone in pulses, the pituitary that secretes follicle-stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone, and the ovary itself releases sex hormones like estrogens and progesterone.

However, species vary in the details. One difference is that animals that have oestrous cycles reabsorb the endometrium if conception does not occur during that cycle. Animals that have menstrual cycles shed the endometrium through menstruation instead.

Another difference is sexual activity. In species with oestrous cycles, females are generally only sexually active during the oestrus phase of their cycle. This is referred to as being 'in heat'.

In contrast, females of species with menstrual cycles can be sexually active at any time in their cycle, even when they are not about to ovulate. Humans and some other primates, do not have any obvious external signs to signal when ovulation occurs (concealed ovulation). Recent research suggests that women tend to have more sexual thoughts and are more prone to sexual activity right before ovulation (estrus). Nevertheless, this is nothing as obvious as the frenzy which other mammals show during 'heat'.

Taien calendar

, also known as "Daien" or "Daiyan" or "Dayan" calendar, was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was developed in China; and it was used in Japan from about 746 to 857.

The calendar was created in China. It was first used in the 17th year of the "Kaigen" era during the Tang Dynasty.

The "Taien-reki" system corrected errors in the Genka calendar and Gihō calendar which were used in Japan in the first half of the 8th century. It was the work of Yixing, who was a Chinese astronomer.



Veronique Cloutier

Veronique Cloutier (born December 31, 1974 in Montreal, Quebec) is a TV and radio presenter from Quebec. She is the daughter of Carole Fullum and Guy Cloutier. She is married to Louis Morissette since June 30th 2012. They have three children.

She is a host for radio and a TV shows. In 1993, she got a job at Musique Plus. After that, she quit Musique Plus to work at Radio-Canada. In 1998, she had more than 1 200 000 viewers of her TV show named La Fureur every week. She presented La Fureur for five seasons. After that, she hosted many shows such as the ‘’Gala de l’ADISQ’’, ‘’Stars à domicile’’, ‘’La fureur de Céline’’, ‘’Ceci n’est pas un Bye Bye’’. From 2007 to 2009, she hosted a quiz show called ‘’Paquet Voleur’’. Since 2010, she works on her talk show ‘’Les enfants de la télé’’ and she also worked on the 2010 and 2011 ‘’Bye Bye’’.

She started in 1994 on the radio with ‘’Le choix de Montréal’’ on CKMF Radio Energie. In September 2004, she started a new show at Rythme FM called ‘’Les midis de Vero’’. On May 2011, she celebrated her 1000th show. Veronique Cloutier is also an actress. She played in her first movie, ‘’Les dangereux’’, in 2002. In 2004, she became president of her father’s productions which she renamed Novem Communications. She was in the business until 2009 when she decided to spend more time with her family. She also had a career as a spokeswoman. From 2000 to 2006, she represented ‘’Suzuki’’. In 2006, she was a speaker for ‘’Monnaie royale canadienne’’ and ‘’Fondation de l’hôpital Sainte-Justine’’. In 2010, her clothes collection went on the market in l’Aubainerie stores. In 2012, she associated herself with Jouviance as a beauty products ambassadress. Veronique is also active on social networks such as Facebook or Twitter.


Luteinizing hormone

Luteinizing hormone (LH, lutropin or lutrophin) is a sex hormone produced by gonadotroph cells in the anterior pituitary gland. 

In females, an LH surge triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum (a temporary endocrine structure in female mammals that promotes relatively high levels of progesterone). In males, where LH had also been called interstitial cell–stimulating hormone (ICSH), it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. It acts synergistically with Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH).

The detection of a surge in luteinising hormone shows ovulation will soon happen. LH can be detected by urinary test kits. Tests are done daily, round the time ovulation is expected. A swing from a negative to a positive reading suggests that ovulation will occur in 24–48 hours. The women has two days to engage in sexual intercourse or artificial insemination with the intentions of conceiving.

Tests may be read manually using a colour-change paper strip, or digitally with the assistance of reading electronics.


Goki calendar

, also known as "Wuji li", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was developed in China; and it was used in Japan in the mid-9th century.

The "Goki-reki" system corrected errors in the Taien calendar which was used in Japan in the first half of the 9th century. The corrections were the work of Akasuga Manomaro.



Thomas Ley

Thomas John Ley (28 October 1880 – 29 July 1947) was an Australian politician. He was convicted of murder in England. He was probably involved in the deaths of three people in Australia.

Ley was born in Bath, England. His father died in 1882 and his mother moved the family to Australia in 1886. He attended Crown Street Public School in Sydney until he was ten. He then worked as an assistant in his mother's grocery store. He learnt shorthand, he became a junior clerk-stenographer in a solicitor's office at 14. He married Emily Louisa (known as "Lewie") Vernon in 1898, the year she came to Australia from England. Both husband and wife were active in politics. She was part of the international suffrage movement. He became a state (New South Wales) and federal politician from 1917 to 1928.

Ley served in the lower house of the New South Wales parliament (1917–25) as member for Hurstville from 1917 to 1920, representing the Nationalist Party of Australia. He then was member for St George from 1920 to 1925, representing the Progressive Party from 1920 to 1922. The Progressive Party supported proportional representation, which the state adopted in 1919. Both his electorates were in Sydney's southern suburbs.

As a teetotaller, Ley was given the nickname "Lemonade Ley". The Temperance Movement was angry when he supported laws which made it easier to sell alcohol. They found out later he was being paid by the breweries. He was still made the New South Wales' Minister for Justice from 1922 to 1925. He gained a reputation for harsh decisions.

Shortly after he became Minister for Justice, Ley made an official visit to Western Australia. He met Maggie Evelyn Brook, a magistrate's wife. After the magistrate died, Ley acted for her and her daughter in various financial and legal matters. She later became his mistress.

In 1925, Ley was elected as the Nationalist Party of Australia member for Barton in the federal House of Representatives. Other party members began to have doubts about him after the election. He was not given a federal ministry. This would normally have been expected for a man who had been a state government minister.

During the 1925 election, Ley had tried to bribe his ALP opponent, Frederick McDonald. McDonald also said that Ley had offered him a £2000 share in a property at Sydney's Kings Cross in return for withdrawing from the election. Ley won the election, and McDonald took legal action. McDonald disappeared and has never been seen again. Because McDonald could not give evidence in court, the legal action against Ley was dropped.

McDonald's disappearance may have been a coincidence. But in 1927, Hyman Goldstein, the member for Coogee in the NSW parliament's lower house, was found dead after falling from "Suicide Point" on the cliffs of Coogee. Goldstein had lost money in a business run by Ley and had made comments about him. A group of businessmen were concerned by Ley's business dealings. Many people lost money when Ley's company, SOS Prickly Pear Poisons Ltd, closed. Ley had sold his shares days before it closed and made a lot of money. Keith Greedor, who had worked with Ley, was asked to investigate. On his way to Newcastle by boat, Greedor fell overboard and drowned.

After his defeat in the 1928 election, Ley returned to England. He took Maggie Brook, his mistress of several years, leaving his wife in Australia.

Little is recorded of Ley's life during the 1930s. He again became involved in dubious business ventures, and during World War II he was arrested and convicted for black marketeering.

In 1946 Maggie Brook was living in Wimbledon, and Ley had his house at 5 Beaufort Gardens, London, converted into flats. Ley thought Brook and a barman called John McMain Mudie were lovers. Ley told two of his workers that Mudie was a blackmailer. They tortured and killed him. The case became known as the "Chalk-pit Murder" because Mudie's body was dumped in a Surrey chalk-pit.

With Lawrence John Smith, Ley was tried at the Old Bailey, and both were sentenced to death in March 1947. However, Smith's sentence was changed to life imprisonment. Ley was found to be insane and was sent to Broadmoor Asylum for the Criminally Insane. There he died soon after. He is said to have been the wealthiest person ever to be a Broadmoor prisoner.

Ley's wife had followed him to England in 1942. From Broadmoor, Ley wrote letters and poems and protested his innocence to his wife and children. After his death, Lewie Ley returned to Australia. She died at Bowral, New South Wales, in 1956.



Shahpuri dialect

Shahpuri is a Punjabi dialect spoken in central-western regions of the Pakistani province of Punjab. It is, alongside Jhangochi, referred to, sometimes, as one of the oldest dialects of the Punjabi language. It is spoken in the Sargodha Division of Pakistani Punjab. 

Its name is derived from the former Shahpur District (now Shahpur Tehsil, part of Sargodha District). 

This dialect has great proximity and is transitional with Majhi. The dialect is spoken with accents corresponding to its neighbouring dialects, but has several aspects that set it apart from other Punjabi dialects.

It is spoken throughout a widespread area, mainly spoken in Sragodha and Khushab districts and also in neighbouring Mianwali, Mandi Bahuddin and Bhakkar districts; on the eastern end of the Indus River to the Jhelum River and to the western end of the Chenab River.

The dialect is spoken, in majority, within two districts of the Punjab province of Pakistan, while it is also spoken in parts of neighboring districts.


Kerning

In typography, kerning is changing the distance between two letters to make the text easier to read. Usually, this means that letters look equally spaced, and two letters are never too close together or too far apart. If two letters are too close together or too far apart that would make it difficult to read the plain text message.

The purpose of kerning, and most other typography is to make the printed or screen text more legible, that is, easier to read, and also more attractive. 

A related idea is typographic ligature. This is when two letters are formed so they fit together. In traditional metal type printing, ligatures were formed from lead in certain pairs. It is basically the same idea as kerning, but done automatically.
P.M. Dawn

P.M. Dawn are an American Hip hop-R&B duo from Jersey City, New Jersey. The duo consists of Prince Be, Doc.G. and K-R.O.K.

The band was created in 1988 by brothers Attrell Cordes (Prince Be) and former member Jarrett Cordes (DJ Minutemix). Attrell and Jarrett's father died when they were young so they were raised by their mother and step father George Brown, who was a founding member of Kool & The Gang. "Set Adrift on Memory Bliss" from their debut album "Of the Heart, of the Soul and of the Cross: The Utopian Experience" is one of their best known songs and reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 as well as #3 on the United Kingdom. 

Prince Be suffered a massive stroke in early 2005 and had a second stroke which caused a gangrenous infection in his right leg on February 12, 2009. His leg had to be amputated below the kneecap because of a result of the infection.



Bogor Regency

Bogor Regency (Indonesian: "Kabupaten Bogor") is a regency ("kabupaten") of West Java, Indonesia. It is south of Jakarta. Bogor covers an area of . It is considered a suburban area. In 2020, 5,427,068 people lived there. Its administration is located in Cibinong.

Bogor is bordered to the north by Tangerang Regency, the cities of South Tangerang, Depok and Bekasi, and Bekasi Regency. Sukabumi Regency borders it to the south. To the south east is Cianjur Regency. Karawang Regency is to the east of it. It fully encircles Bogor City which is administratively separate of the regency. It is bordered by Lebak Regency (in Banten Province) to the west.

The area has had a large amount of population growth. Two areas which were a part the regency in the past have been split off as cities. On 20 April 1999, the city of Depok joined with some districts of Bogor Regency to form an the city of Depok. It is independent of the regency. Bogor Regency is the most populous regency in Indonesia.

Bagh-e-Jinnah

Bagh-e-Jinnah (used to be called Lawrence Gardens) is a large park in Lahore, Pakistan. It includes a botanical garden and other popular facilities, which were made during the British Raj. The Gardens were originally named after Sir John Lawrence, who was the first Lieutenant-Governor of the Punjab and who did much to develop the city of Lahore in colonial times. 

After Pakistan's independence, some people demanded that the Gardens be renamed with a more 'patriotic' name so during the 1980s, their name was finally changed to "Bagh i Jinnah" (Jinnah's Gardens), after Muhammad Ali Jinnah, founder of the country. However, many people in Lahore still continue to call the Gardens as 'Lawrence Gardens', for the sake of historical accuracy. 

Grafting

Grafting or graftage is a technique used in horticulture that consists of taking tissues from one plant and putting them onto another plant. The two plants will then grow together. The technique is a type of vegetative reproduction. Grafting is commonly used with roses, and fruit trees. It only works with dicots and gymnosperms, and not with monocots. Monocots do not have a vascular cambium, which is needed for the process to work. There are several different methods of grafting; each method has its advantages and drawbacks. 

Ivanhoe

Ivanhoe is a historical romantic novel set around the reign of Richard I of England. It was written by Scottish author Walter Scott. It was first printed in 1820. A 1952 movie version of the story starred Robert Taylor, Elizabeth Taylor, and Joan Fontaine.


American Forces Press Service

The American Forces Press Service (AFPS) is the news service provided by the Defense Media Activity (formerly the American Forces Information Service). It is part of the United States Department of Defense. It supplies news stories that relate to the activities of U.S. military forces around the world.


Pulpurru Davies

Pulpurru Davies is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. Most of her early life was spent living nomadically in the desert, until she and her family were settled at Warburton in the late 1960s. Part of her life in the bush was featured in the documentary "People of the Australian Western Desert" (1966). She has since become one of the earliest and most successful Ngaanyatjarra artists.

Pulpurru was born around the early 1940s. She was born near Yankaltjunku, a rockhole in the northeast Gibson Desert. Her family belong to the Ngaanyatjarra people, for whom Yankaltjunku is a sacred place. Pulpurru grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the desert with her family. They moved from waterhole to waterhole in their traditional country. They lived this way up until the 1960s, by which time they were one of the last groups of nomadic people in Australia.

By the mid-1960s, Pulpurru's family were camped at Patjarr, which was only a rockhole at the time. They had been forced to stay in one place because of several years of drought, and Patjarr usually had a reliable supply of water. While they were living there, an English anthropologist named Ian Dunlop came and filmed the family in their daily routines. It was later made into a documentary, titled "People of the Australian Western Desert" (1966), produced by the Australian Commonwealth Film Unit. Pulpurru was an adult by that time.

Like most other Ngaanyatjarra groups, Pulpurru and her family were moved out of the desert to settle at Warburton. They were brought there by government patrol officers in the late 1960s. At Warburton, Davies worked several domestic jobs. It was at Warburton that Davies began working in arts and crafts, at the Warburton Arts Project. Alongside other women, she learned to paint using modern Western techniques and how to make glasswork designs.

In the early 1990s, a road was built out to Patjarr, and Davies and her family returned to establish a permanent community there (Karilywara). This is where Davies now lives and paints. She paints for Kayili Artists, the community artists' co-operative.

Davies paints events and stories from her country, and the Dreaming legends associated with it. Places often depicted in her paintings are Yankaltjunku (where she was born), Kiwarr (where her family used to dig for water), and Mirra Mirra (where one of Pulpurru's sons was born). She works with paints, "tjanpi" (grass weaving) and "punu" (wood carving).

Davies' work has been exhibited across Australia since 1990. It was first shown overseas in 1998, as part of a group exhibition at the Australian High Commission in Kuala Lumpur. She also had work featured in a major group exhibition in China in 2011 (called "Tu Di – Shen Ti" / "Our Land – Our Body").

In 2007, one of her paintings, titled "Kiwarr", was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA). It was eventually bought by the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory as part of its NATSIAA collection. Other of Davies' work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, the National Museum of Australia, and the of the University of Virginia. Some of her paintings are also displayed in the State Paraliament building of Western Australia, and in a few major private galleries in Germany and the United States.


John Hemmingham

John Hemmingham (born 26 February 1963) is an association football fan and football administrator from Sheffield, England. He is best known as the leader and trumpet player of the Pukka Pies England Band.

Hemmingham started playing music at football matches in 1993 when he took a bugle to a Sheffield Wednesday match away at Everton's Goodison Park and played the fanfare to Aida.

2052

2052 (MMLII) will be .





Breuil-Cervinia

Breuil-Cervinia is a village in the Valle d'Aosta region of Italy. It is famous for its ski resort, which has a link to the one in Zermatt, Switzerland. 

Breuil-Cervinia is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Valtournenche. It is at 2,006 m above sea level. It stands below the Matterhorn (in Italian: "Cervino", in French: "Cervin"). The name of the village comes from "Breuil", which is the French name of the valley where the village is, and "Cervinia" from the Italian name of the Matterhorn. The FIBT bobsleigh world championships took place here for three years: 1971, 1975 and 1985. The Giro d'Italia also had a stage (a day of racing) finishing here for three times: 1960, 1997 and 2012.


Aosta

Aosta (, ) is a city in northern Italy. It is the capital city of the Valle d'Aosta () region. It is roughly in the middle of the region, along the Dora Baltea (), the main river that flows in the valley. It is at 583 m above sea level. Around the city there are many mountains (the Alps).

Romans conquered the area in 25 BC. Later, the city was conquered by the Frankish Empire after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. Finally, it went under control of the House of Savoy in the 11th century. Many Roman buildings still survive in the city, like the east and south gates. The basic plan of the city, with rectangular blocks of streets, is Roman.

The valley of Aosta is a typical alpine valley, cut into a V-shape by glaciers during the ice age. It runs from an upper part near Mont Blanc to lower areas like the city of Aosta.

The area has been Roman, French and Italian (House of Savoy) before the unification of Italy. All street names are in French and Italian, and dialects of French are still spoken by many.

The Romans defeated the local "Salassi" tribe in 25 BC. Their commander, Marcus Terentius Varro, then founded the Roman colony of "Augusta Praetoria Salassorum", housing 3,000 retired veterans.

After 11 BC Aosta became the capital of the "Alpes Graies" ("Grey Alps") province of the Empire.

Aosta is at the join of two rivers. It is at the end of the Great St Bernard Pass (which leads to Switzerland) and the Little St Bernard Pass (which leads to France). Its position gave it considerable military importance, and the layout of the town was that of a Roman military camp.

The valley was a way for trade and soldiers to get from Italy to Gaul (later, France). This explains its importance to the Romans. Now it sits near the Italian entrance of the Mont Blanc Tunnel.

At present Aosta Valley is a semi-autonomous region in northwestern Italy. It is the smallest region in Italy, and is not divided into provinces.

Aostan French () is the variety of French spoken in the Aosta Valley, where many speak some form of French. Some expressions, words and phrase constructions are different from standard French; some are similar to Swiss French. Some words come from the Piedmontese language or Italian. Both modern French and Italian mix with this local "patois", "valdôtain", which is Franco-Provençal in type.


Goryōkaku

Goryōkaku was designed in 1855 by Takeda Hisaburō. His plan was based on the work of the French architect Vauban. The fort is shaped like a five-pointed star. This allowed for greater numbers of gun emplacements on its walls than a traditional Japanese fortress, and reduced the number of blind spots where a cannon could not fire.

The fort was built by the Tokugawa shogunate to protect the Tsugaru Strait against a possible invasion by the Russian fleet. 

Goryōkaku is famous as the site of the last battle of the Boshin War ("Goryōkaku no Tatakai"). The fighting lasted for a week (June 20-27 1869).


Sankagiri

Sankagiri or Sangagiri () is a panchayat town. It is in the Salem district of Tamil Nadu. It is on the National highway 47.

Sankagiri Fort is a historical fort. It is maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India. Sankagiri Fort was built in the 15th century. It was built by the Vijayanagar empire. It has 14 fort walls built on and around a hill. The last phase of these walls were built by the British.

Man of Steel

Man of Steel may refer to:

The Lego Movie

The LEGO Movie is a 2014 Warner Bros. animated comedy adventure movie. The movie was released on February 7, 2014.

Based on the Lego line of construction toys, the movie tells the story of an ordinary Lego mini-figure prophesied to save the Lego universe from the tyrannical Lord Business, who plans to use the Kragle to end the world.

It was released theatrically on February 7, 2014. The movie was a critical and commercial success, with many critics highlighting its visual style, humor, voice acting, and heartwarming message. It earned more than $257 million in North America and $210 million in other territories for a worldwide total of over $467 million.

The sequel, "" was released on February 8, 2019.

In the Lego universe, the wizard Vitruvius attempts to protect a superweapon called the "Kragle" from the evil criminal mastermind Lord Business. He fails to do so but prophesies that a person called "the Special" will find the Piece of Resistance capable of stopping the Kragle.

Eight and a half years later, an ordinary construction worker named Emmet Brickowski from Bricksburg, a city-run as a corporate state under the Octan Corporation, comes across a woman named Wyldstyle who searches for something after hours at Emmet's construction site. When he investigates, Emmet falls into a hole and finds the Piece of Resistance. Compelled to touch it, Emmet experiences vivid visions and passes out. He awakens with the Piece of Resistance attached to his back in the custody of Bad Cop, Business' lieutenant. There, Emmet learns of Business' plans to freeze the world with the Kragle, revealed to be a tube of Krazy Glue with the label partially rubbed out.

Wyldstyle rescues Emmet and takes him to meet Vitruvius in The Old West, explaining that they are Master Builders, people capable of building anything they need without instruction manuals. She further explains that most of them are incarcerated due to businesses' disapproval of such anarchic creativity. Though disappointed to find Emmet displays no creativity, Wyldstyle and Vitruvius are convinced of his potential when he recalls visions of a gargantuan humanoid deity called "the Man Upstairs". Meanwhile, Business, dissatisfied that Emmet had escaped, has Bad Cop come to his office and makes him freeze his own parents in order to make sure that he remains committed to his plan. Upset at Bad Cop's refusal to do so, Business erases Bad Cop's "Good Cop" face, which served as his conscience.

Emmet, Wyldstyle, and Vitruvius evade Bad Cop's forces with the aid of Wyldstyle's boyfriend, the superhero Batman, and go to Cloud Cuckoo Land, home of Princess Unikitty. They attend to a council of the remaining Master Builders, who are unimpressed with Emmet and refuse to fight Business. Bad Cop's forces attack and capture all the Master Builders except for Emmet, Wyldstyle, Vitruvius, Batman, Princess Unikitty, and a "1980-something space guy" named Benny.

After being rescued by a pirate named Metal Beard, Emmet devises a team plan to infiltrate Business' headquarters to rescue the Master Builders and disarm the Kragle. During a quiet moment, Wyldstyle and Emmet bond, and Wyldstyle reveals that her real name is Lucy. However, Emmet and his allies are all captured and imprisoned, and Vitruvius is killed with a coin thrown by Lord Business. With his dying words, Vitruvius reveals to Emmet that he had made up the prophecy. Business throws the Piece of Resistance off the edge of the universe, programs the prison to electrocute all the Master Builders, and leaves them (and Bad Cop) to die. As the execution timer counts down, Vitruvius' ghost appears and tells Emmet that it was not the prophecy, but the self-belief that made him the Special. Tied to the execution mechanism's battery, Emmet flings himself off the edge of the universe to save his friends, who escape further danger with the aid of a newly-reformed Bad Cop. Inspired by Emmet's sacrifice, Lucy rallies the Lego people across the universe to use whatever creativity they have to build machines and weapons to fight Business forces, with the Master Builders leading the charge.

Emmet finds himself alive and in the real world, where the events of the story are being played out within the imagination of a boy named Finn on his father's Lego set. He's an arrogant and selfish father — now revealed as "the Man Upstairs" — is jealous of his son ruining the set by creating hodgepodges of different playsets, and attempts to permanently glue his "perfect" creations together back to their normal forms. Realizing the danger his friends are in, Emmet moves off the table and gains Finn's attention. Finn returns Emmet and the Piece of Resistance to the set where Emmet, now possessing the powers of a Master Builder due to his belief in himself, confronts Lord Business.

Meanwhile, Finn's father becomes shocked by his son's creations and discovers that Finn had based the villainous Lord Business on him and his meaningless greedy perfectionism, due to him "believing" that LEGO constructions are only for adults. Through a speech Emmet gives Business, Finn tells his father that "he" is special and has the power to change everything. Finn's father hugs Finn, which plays out as Lord Business has a change of heart and caps the Kragle with the Piece of Resistance, unglues his victims with mineral spirits, and thanks, Emmet. As Lucy becomes Emmet's girlfriend with Batman's blessing. Suddenly, Duplo aliens beam down and announce their plans to destroy the universe, as a result of Finn's father inviting Finn's younger sister to join them in playing with his Lego sets as an apology for his selfishness.


The Lego Movie received many positive reviews. It currently has a 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and an 83% rating on Metacritic.

The Lego Movie was released in DVD and Blue-ray along with Blue-ray 3D on June 17, 2014.

The toy brand and inspiration of the movie, Legos, began making and selling sets based on the movie.

On February 3, 2014, Jared Stern was hired to write a sequel, along with another individual. The sequel, titled "", was released on February 8, 2019.


American Forces Network

The United States Armed Forces Radio and Television Service is called American Forces Network (AFN). AFN broadcasts radio and television to American soldiers, sailors, airmen, Department of Defense and other US government civilians and their families stationed outside of the U.S. and on U.S. Navy ships. AFN broadcasts popular American radio and television programs from U.S. networks. It is sometimes called the Armed Forces Network. AFRTS, American Forces Network and AFN are registered trademarks of the U.S. Department of Defense. It would a Millons of of Tv Shows by 11 and half years ago In 2012



George Andrew Davis Jr.

George Andrew Davis, Jr. (December 1, 1920 – February 10, 1952) was a highly decorated flying ace of the United States (US) Army in World War II. He was later part of the US Air Force during the Korean War. Davis rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in "MiG Alley" during the war. He was the only flying ace of the United States to be killed in action in Korea.

With a total of 21 victories he is one of only seven US military pilots to become an ace in two wars. He is also one of only 31 to be credited more than 20 victories. He was the fourth highest scoring ace of the Korean War.

George Andrew Davis Jr. was born in Dublin, Texas on December 1, 1920. He was the seventh of nine children born to George Davis Sr. and Pearl Love Davis. In his childhood, Davis briefly lived in Maple, Texas. Davis attended Morton High School in Morton, Texas. Davis then attended Harding College in Searcy, Arkansas. After completing a degree he returned to Texas. He took up farming for a time with his family before eventually deciding to join the military.

Throughout his career, Davis was credited with 21 confirmed victories, 1 probable victory and 2 aircraft damaged. This made him one of only 30 US pilots to gain more than 20 confirmed victories over their careers. He had been known to be an extremely talented pilot and was especially accurate at deflection shooting, even from long distances against moving targets. Davis was one of 1,297 World War II aces from the United States, with seven confirmed kills during that war. He later became one of 41 Korean War aces from the United States, with 14 confirmed victories during that war. At the time of his death he was the top-scoring ace from the US, making him the ace of aces. By the end of the war, he was the fourth-highest scoring ace.

Davis was the third of four members of the US Air Force to be awarded the Medal of Honor in the war, after Louis J. Sebille, John S. Walmsley Jr. and before Charles J. Loring Jr. All four Air Force recipients were pilots and all were awarded the medal posthumously.



Tangmarg

Tanghmarg () is a town and tehsil of the Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Barak Valley

The Barak Valley (Bengali: বরাক উপত্যকা) (also South Assam) is located in the southern region of the Indian state of Assam. The main city of the valley is Silchar. The region is named after the Barak river. The Barak valley mainly consists of three administrative districts of Assam State - namely Cachar, Karimganj, and Hailakandi. Among these three districts, Cachar and Hailakandi belonged to the erstwhile Cachar district in British-India, whereas Karimganj belonged to the Sylhet district . Karimganj was separated from Sylhet after the 1947 referendum; with the rest of Sylhet falling under East Pakistan and Karimganj under India.

Bengali and Meitei (Manipuri) are the two official languages of Barak Valley districts of Assam.

The name "Barak" has derived from the Dimasa words 'Bra' & 'Kro'. Bra means bifurcation and Kro upper portion/stream. The river Barak is bifurcated near Haritikar in the Karimganj district in to Surma River and Kushiyara River. The upstream of this bifurcated river was called Brakro by the local Dimasa people. Over the years, Brakro got converted in to Barak.

Barak valley had a population of 4,377,612 as per as 2021 census. Hinduism have gone-down from 50% in 2011 to 47% in 2021 due to low fertility rate and large scale immigration of the community from the Valley to others parts of the region in search of jobs and livelihood. The number of Hindu immigrants from Bangladesh into Barak Valley has varied estimates from year 1971-2014. According to the Assam government, (1.3-1.5) lakhs such people residing in the Barak Valley are eligible for citizenship if the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 becomes a law. Islam is the fastest growing religion in Barak valley, As per as 2011 census, Muslims were 48.1% in the valley and in 2021 census it have gone up to 51% due to high fertility rate and lower immigration of the community to others regions/parts of the country.
Christian missionaries have active in Barak region since from the time of independence. As a result of Christian missionaries, Christianity is rapidly growing among the tribals and poor section of Muslim and Hindu society of the valley since from the past 2 decades. In 2011, Barak valley had 57.9 thousand christians but in the year of 2021, it have grown to almost 74.4 thousands approximately due to high rate of conversion from various church denomination missionaries from the valley.

Ottawa Senators (disambiguation)

The Ottawa Senators are a team in the National Hockey League that has played since 1992. 

Ottawa Senators can also refer to:


Since Ottawa is also the seat of the federal government of Canada, it can also refer to the members
of the House of the Senate:


It may also refer to:


Ottawa Lady Senators

The Ottawa Lady Senators are a women's ice hockey team, that are from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. They played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL) until 2010. The team began playing in 1988. The team was then known as the National Capital Raiders. In 1989 the team changed its name to Ottawa Raiders. In 2007 the team again changed its name to the Ottawa Capital Canucks. The team changed its name to the Ottawa Senators in 2008. The current coach of the team is Brad Marsh. He used to play for the Ottawa Senators in the National Hockey League (NHL).


South Chungcheong Province

South Chungcheong Province is a region of western South Korea. It is one of the richest and fastest growing areas of South Korea. The provincial capital is called Hongseong.

In ancient times, South Chungcheong Province belonged to Mahan - the ancient tribal country of Korea. After Baekje conquered Mahan, it belonged to Baekje. Later, in the Goryeo Dynasty, it was grouped with current Gyeonggi-do and North Chungcheong into 'Gwangyang-do'. In the Joseon Dynasty, South Chungcheong and North Chungcheong were reorganized into Chungcheong-do. On October 4, 1896, it was separated as South Chungcheong.


Kenneth Mars

Kenneth Mars or Ken Mars (April 4, 1935 – February 12, 2011) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his roles in "Young Frankenstein", "The Little Mermaid", "The Producers", and as Otto Mannkusser in "Malcolm in the Middle".

Mars was born on April 4, 1935 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Northwestern University. He was married to Barbara Newborn from 1977 until his death in 2011. They had two children. Mars died on February 13, 2011 in Granada Hills, Los Angeles, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 75.


Kiki Farrel

Kiki Farrel (born in Jakarta, Indonesia, May 26, 1986) is an actor from Indonesia. He began his career by being extras in a number of sitcoms, increasingly uphill career by participating in the event Supermama Selebconcert with her mother, Mama Dahlia. After following Supermama Selebconcert, she starred in the soap opera "Cinta Kirana".

Kiki Farrel was rumored to have a relationship with some of the women and the last relates to Natha Narita. Kiki Farrel was also hit by news skewed to the issue of the release of his gay porn video entitled "The Series Hot Kiki Farel" which lasted about three minutes. Kiki Farrel denied that it was not him who is in the video and did not know anything about the distribution of the videos.


Lionel Jeffries

Lionel Charles Jeffries (June 10, 1926 – February 19, 2010) was an English actor, screenwriter, and director who is known for his roles in "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "Camelot", "The Railway Children", "The Amazing Mr Bluden", "First Men in the Moon", "Two-Way Stretch", and "The Trails of Oscar Wilde".

Jeffries was born on June 10, 1926 in Forest Hill, London, England. He studied at Queen Elizabeth Grammar School. He was married to Eileen Mary Walsh from 1951 until his death in 2010. They had three children. 

Jeffries died on February 19, 2010 in Poole, Dorset, England from vascular dementia, aged 83.


Russ Mayberry

Russell "Russ" B. Mayberry (December 22, 1925 – July 27, 2012) was a Scottish-American television director who directed "Dallas", "Matlock", "", "I Dream of Jeannie", and "Kojak".

Mayberry was born on December 22, 1925 in Glasgow, Scotland. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Northwestern University. Mayberry was married to Sandy Mayberry until his death in 2012. They had two children. Mayberry died on July 27, 2012 in Fort Collins, Colorado from an illness, aged 86.

J. Michael Riva

John Michael Riva (June 28, 1948 – June 7, 2012) or J. Michael Riva was an American production designer. He worked on "Halloween II", "Bad Boys 2", "Spider-Man 3", "Iron Man 2", "The Amazing Spider-Man", and "Django Unchained". His grandmother was actress Marlene Dietrich.

Riva was born on June 28, 1948 in Manhattan, New York City, New York to William Riva and Maria Sieber. He studied at Institute Le Rosey and at the University of California, Los Angeles. He was married to Wendy Riva until his death in 2012. They had four children. Riva died of a stroke in New Orleans, Louisiana while filming Django Unchained, aged 63.

Jane March

Jane March (born 20 March 1973) is an English actress. She was born in London to a Vietnamese-Chinese mother and Anglo-Spanish father. She has starred in many movies. These movies include "The Lover" and "Color of Night". Both of these movies were originally rated NC-17 by the MPAA.

Regina Taylor

Regina Annette Taylor (born August 22, 1960) is an American actress and playwright. She has won several awards during her career. These include a Golden Globe Award and NAACP Image Award.

Christine Taylor

Christine Joan Taylor (born July 30, 1971 in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is an American actress and comedian. She played the character Marcia in "The Brady Bunch Movie" and "A Very Brady Sequel". She also starred in "Party Girl", a television program based on the 1995 comedy of the same name.

Taylor dated actor Matthew Lillard in 1995.

Taylor married actor Ben Stiller in 2000.

Iced Earth

Iced Earth is an American heavy metal band from Tampa, Florida.

The band was formed under the name Purgatory on January 20, 1985 by guitarist Jon Schaffer. The band later changed their name to "Iced Earth". Since the band was created, they have had many different line-up changes with over twenty musicians joining and leaving Iced Earth.

They released their debut album, "Iced Earth", in November 1990 in Europe and in February 1991 in North America. They are currently signed to Century Media Records.





Holly Robinson Peete

Holly Elizabeth Robinson Peete (born September 18, 1964) is an American actress. She has acted in many television sitcoms. These include the 1992-1997 sitcom "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper". She is also an activist on the subject of autism. Peete was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Strip Me (song)

"Strip Me" is a 2010 single by the English singer Natasha Bedingfield off her album, also named "Strip Me". The song didn't do well on "Billboard Hot 100"; it peaked near 91 on the chart. This song was featured in the movie "Morning Glory".

Guild Wars 2

Guild Wars 2 is a type of computer game called a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) that is played on the Internet. It is owned by ArenaNet. "Guild Wars 2" takes place in a fantasy world that is called Tyria. The game's story is about a guild called Destiny's Edge, and their attempt to kill six evil elder dragons. It is the sequel to "Guild Wars". In August 2015, the game became free to play, and had sold more than 5 million copies by then.

The world of "Guild Wars 2" is the same as the world in "Guild Wars", but many changes has been made to it. These changes include new buildings and new landscapes, because "Guild Wars 2" takes place 250 years after "Guild Wars". Much of the land has also been corrupted by the elder dragons. 

There are five different races to choose from when you create a new character. These races are Human and Charr, from "Guild Wars Prophecies", Norn and Asura from "Guild Wars Eye of the North", and the Sylvari, a new race to the "Guild Wars" series. There are also 8 professions to choose from. The profession and race of the player decides what special abilities the player can use. As in "Guild Wars", the player has a skill bar where he/she can choose from a large pool of abilities. The skill bar is different from "Guild Wars". It can now hold ten skills instead of eight, but is more limited. The weapon the player is holding decides the first five skill slots. The 6th slot is used for a healing skill. The 7th, 8th and 9th slots are used to hold the remaining skills that the player can use. Finally, the 10th slot is used for an elite skill, which is more powerful than the other skills. ArenaNet has made the skill bar more limited to solve the balance problem many MMORPGs has. Skills in "Guild Wars 2" has also been made in quality instead of quantity.

The maximum level is higher than in "Guild Wars". The player can now get to level 80 instead of 20. ArenaNet said that level 80 is a good maximum level because it allows the player to go through the game's storyline without having to grind. It was very important for ArenaNet that players in "Guild Wars 2" should not have to grind. This is because ArenaNet wanted the players to have fun the entire time they were playing "Guild Wars 2". The player's level can also change depending on where in the world the player is. When the players fight monsters the player's level will be the same level as the monsters of that area plus one. For example, if a level 80 character goes to a level 5 area, he will become level 6, if he goes to a level 10 area, he will become level 11.

There are two ways the player can fight other players in "Guild Wars 2": World versus World and Structured PvP. In Structured PVP the player gains the maximum level and gain access to all abilities in the game. The players then fight players five versus five on matches that are about 10 minutes long. Unlike World versus World the players can not use rewards from Structured PvP anywhere outside Structured PvP. In World versus World the player also gains the maximum level, but can not use abilities that are not unlocked by the players character. World versus world matches are also one entire week long, so the player can join and leave whenever he wants. The goal in World versus World is to take control of capture points; castles, forts and camps. Holding these points gives points to the server holding them. The points gives players rewards in the servers world, such as more experience and more money from killing monsters.

Because Guild Wars 2 takes place 250 years after "Guild Wars", the player can not keep their character from "Guild Wars" in "Guild Wars 2". Instead the player can link their "Guild Wars" account to the "Guild Wars 2" account to get rewards in "Guild Wars 2". The points are gained by completing a variety of tasks in "Guild Wars". When a task is completed, the player can turn the task into points by adding them to the Hall of Monuments. The Hall of Monuments is available in the "Eye of the North" expansion.

Guild Wars 2 takes place 250 years after the player defeats the Great Destroyer in "Guild Wars Eye of the North". Over the past 2 centuries, Elder Dragons who has slept under the earth has awoken. Currently, 5 dragons have awoken, and they have started to destroy and corrupt Tyria. The humans have lost almost all of Ascalon to the Charr. The remaining humans now live in Kryta and Ebonhawke. The norn, a race of nordic hunters, has been driven from their homeland in the north by Jormag, an Elder Dragon of ice. The Norn now live in the Southern shiverpeaks, instead of the northen shiverpeaks. The asura, a small but smart race, has been driven out of their homeland to the west. Their underground home has been invaded by destroyers. The Destroyers are servants to Primordus, an Elder Dragon of fire. The asura now live in Rata Sum, a very large city floating in the air. East of Rata sum, a new race has arrived to Tyria; the sylvari, The sylvari are similar to humans, but they are made out of trees, bushes and even mushrooms. They birth from the Pale Tree, a tree that was planted during "Guild Wars Eye of the North".

Sister Sledge

Sister Sledge is an American R&B and pop music group. It was founded in Philadelphia in 1971. They have had several hit singles. Their hits are "We are Family", "Frankie" and "He's the Greatest Dancer". Their names are Kim, Kathy, Joni and Debbie. Sledge is their actual last name. The original identity of the group was "Mrs. Williams Grandchildren", though it was later changed to the current name "Sister Sledge". They were especially popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Jimmy Fallon

James Thomas Fallon (born September 19, 1974) is an American actor, comedian, singer, musician and television host. Fallon has been the host of "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" since 2014. He was the host of "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". He was a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" and has also hosted that show. 

On April 3, 2013, NBC announced that Fallon would be the new host of "The Tonight Show", beginning at the end of the 2014 Winter Olympics.

Fallon was born on September 19, 1974 in the Bay Ridge neighbourhood of Brooklyn, New York. He was raised in Saugerties, New York. He studied at The College of Saint Rose. Fallon married Nancy Juvonen in 2007.

<br>

Gorgoroth

Gorgoroth are a Norwegian black metal band that are currently based in Bergen. 

The band was formed in 1992 by guitarist Infernus after he made a "deal with the Devil". The name of the band comes from the dead plateau of evil and darkness in the land of Mordor from J. R. R. Tolkien's 1954 fantasy novel, The Lord of the Rings. 

They released their debut album, "Pentagram", on 12 October 1994.





Peter Breck

Joseph Peter Breck (March 13, 1929 – February 6, 2012) was an American actor and personality who is known for his roles in "The Big Valley", "Shock Corridor", "Black Saddle", "The Beatniks", and in the "Crawling Hand".

Breck was born on March 13, 1929 in Rochester, New York. He was raised in Houston, Texas. He studied at the University of Houston. Breck was married to Diana Breck from 1960 until his death in 2012. They had one son, Christopher. Breck died on February 6, 2012 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada from dementia, aged 82.


Retinal migraine

Retinal migraine (also known as ophthalmic migraines, or ocular migraines) is a medical condition that affects the eyes by causing vision loss in one eye for less than 1 hour, usually for about 10–20 minutes. When these retinal migraines happen they can also cause a headache, either a "diffuse" headache which is a headache that causes pain which is spread out and hurts a person's whole head, or, a "unilateral" headache, which is a headache that causes pain on one side of a persons head either, the left side or the right side.

It is believed retinal migraines are caused by "vasospasms "of the blood vessels of the eye in the area of the "retina". The retina is at the back of the inside of the eye. In medicine a "spasm" is a sudden constriction or tightening of muscles that is "involuntary" - a person does not control them they move on their own. Muscle spasms can happen in different muscles of the body, like when a person's leg or eye "twitches". The twitching is caused by the spasms.

"Vaso-" means something to do with the blood vessels, so a "vasospasm" causes the muscle cells inside the walls of a blood vessel to suddenly constrict or tighten up. This causes the whole blood vessel to "constrict" which means makes the blood vessel narrower. When a blood vessel constricts it is called "vasoconstriction".

When vasoconstriction happens less blood the normal is able to flow through the blood vessel, like the way squeezing (constricting) a garden hose makes less water come out. Vasoconstriction can happen for different reasons including because of a medical problem.

The second part of a vasospasm -"vasodilation" - occurs after the vasoconstriction. After the blood vessel constricts it "dilates" - becomes bigger. It may return to normal size or slightly larger than normal size.

The vasoconstriction and vasodilation complete one spasm. Spasms often happen many times over and over again. It is beleved that the muscle cells tigntening and loosenening may trigger the pain of a retinal migraine.

Immortal (band)

Immortal are a Norwegian black metal band that are currently based in Bergen. 

The band was formed in 1990 by vocalist Abbath Doom Occulta and former guitarist Demonaz Doom Occulta after the bands Old Funeral and Amputation disbanded and members from both of the bands joined together to make Immortal. Immortal disbanded in 2003 because of personal reasons but they reunited in 2006.

They released their debut album, "Diabolical Fullmoon Mysticism", on 1 July 1992.





Melanie Lynskey

Melanie Jayne Lynskey (born 16 May 1977) is a New Zealand actress who has starred in lots of movies, including "Hello I Must be Going", "But I'm a Cheerleader" and "Heavenly Creatures". She was in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men" and in other television programs. She was born in New Plymouth.

Ashford &amp; Simpson

Ashford & Simpson were an American R&B music duo who had a lot of hit singles dating to the mid 1960s and continuing through the early 1990s. The duo consisted of Nickolas Ashford and Valerie Simpson. Ashford was born May 4, 1941 and died due to throat cancer, August 22, 2011; Simpson was on August 26, 1946. Singers associated with Ashford & Simpson included Marvin Gaye and Diana Ross.

Barbara Werle

Barbara May Theresa Werle (October 6, 1928 – January 1, 2013) was an American actress who was known for her roles in "The Ed Sullivan Show", "", "Battle of the Buldge", and in "Charro".

Werle was born on October 6, 1928 in Mount Vernon, New York. She studied at a Catholic High School in New York. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. Werle had one son. Werle died on January 1, 2013 in Carlsbad, California from natural causes, aged 84.

She died at age 84 on January 1, 2013.

Tony Lip

Tony Lip (Frank Anthony Vallelonga; July 30, 1930 – January 4, 2013) was an American actor who was known for his roles in "The Sopranos", "Raging Bull", "The Godfather", "Goodfellas", and in "Law & Order".

Lip was born on July 30, 1930 in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. He was raised in The Bronx, New York. He was married to Dolores Lip until her death in 1999. They had three sons. Lip died on January 4, 2013 in Teaneck, New Jersey from an illness, aged 82.

Louis de Saint-Just

Louis Antoine Léon de Saint-Just (nicknamed the "Angel of Death") was an important person in the French revolution and the Reign of Terror. He worked closely with Robespierre.
He was born August 25, 1767, Decize, France and died on July 28, 1794, Paris to the Guillotine. Saint-Just reputedly accepted his death with coolness and pride.

Samantha Mathis

Samantha Mathis (born on May 12, 1970, New York) is an American actress who has acted in lots of movies. In particular, she acted in "The American President", "Broken Arrow" and "Little Women". She also starred in some television programs.

Jean-Paul Marat

Jean-Paul Marat was a French doctor and journalist famous for writing about the French revolution and encouraging the Reign of Terror.

He was stabbed to death in Paris by Charlotte Corday, an act made famous in a painting by Jacques-Louis David. Corday was executed 4 days later after the assassination.

Ayub K. Ommaya

Ayub K. Ommaya or Ayub Khan Ommaya (1930-2008) was a famous Pakistani neurosurgeon settled in the USA. He is especially well known for being the inventor of the Ommaya reservoir, which is a method to help cancer patients receive chemotherapy treatment.

Ommaya was born in Mian Channu Tehsil, British India, now Pakistan, in 1930. He moved to Oxford, England in 1956. He then moved to the United States in 1961. Later, following illness, he moved to Islamabad, Pakistan with his wife in 2005. He died there in 2008.

Ragout

The term ragout refers to a main-dish stew of meat, poultry, fish or vegetables. It uses "well-seasoned meat and vegetables cooked in a thick sauce". A typical sauce to use would be roux.

The word is from the French "ragoût". The term comes from the French "ragoûter", meaning: "to revive the taste". The related word Italian "ragù" is a sauce, such as "Ragù Napoletano". It is used to dress pasta.

The basic method of preparation involves slow cooking over a low heat. The main ingredients are many; ragouts may be prepared with or without meat, a wide variety of vegetables may be incorporated, and they may be more or less heavily spiced and seasoned.

Melissa Leo

Melissa Leo (born September 14, 1960 in Manhattan, New York) is an American movie and television actress. She acted in the television series "All My Children" (2011) and in the movie "Oblivion" (2013). She won the Golden Globe and the Screen Actors Guild Awards in 2011, for the movie "The Fighter" (2010).

Internal conflict in Myanmar

The internal conflict in Myanmar refers to fighting between government soldiers and rebels in Myanmar, which began shortly after the country, formerly known as Burma, separated from the United Kingdom in 1948. The government of Myanmar has fought different rebel groups from different ethnic minorities. The cause of the conflict is the government's refusal to give minority groups such as the communists and the Karen people the amount of political representation that they want. Since the beginning of the fighting, hundreds of thousands of civilians in Myanmar have been killed and millions have become refugees.


Ambient intelligence

Ambient intelligence is an idea from computer science to create an environment of machines that meaningfully interact with people. The idea is that these machines help people solve the problems they have, and that people can interact with the machines in a natural way. An example would be a camera that recognizes the owner of a house or apartment, and that is able to turn off the alarm, and unlock the door. The systems that control the camera, the alarm system and the door lock are all connected to each other. When the camera sees the person, it works with the other systems to make the person's life easier. 

In order for the idea to work well:

Ambient intelligence has also be shown in fiction. The movie "Minority Report" shows how advertising changes for each user. the book "The Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy" by Douglas Adams shows intelligent doors that have emotions, which they show when people use them. 

Stew

A stew is a dish cooked for a long time, and served in the gravy produced by the cooking. The basic materials may be any meat and/or vegetables. It is ideal for tough meat like mutton and beef cuts which have marbling (fat) and connective tissue. Also, the tougher vegetables should be used.

It is traditional to start off with a simple sauce, such as a roux. Even simpler, flour and an Oxo stock cube can be stirred in some milk and water. It is usual for the tougher meats to start off by themselves, with vegetables added later.

Casseroles and stews are similar. Casseroles often have a topping; stews do not. Stewing is a cooking process whereby heat is applied to the bottom of the cooking vessel (typically over a fire or on a stove), whereas casserole cooking is generally baked in an oven where heat circulates all around the cooking vessel.

Stews have been made since ancient times. It figures in the Roman cookbook by Apicius. Herodotus says that the Scythians (8th to 4th centuries BC) "put the flesh into an animal's paunch, mix water with it, and boil it like that over the bone fire. The bones burn very well, and the paunch easily contains all the meat once it has been stripped off. In this way an ox, or any other sacrificial beast, is ingeniously made to boil itself."

Amazonian tribes used the shells of turtles as vessels, boiling the entrails of the turtle and various other ingredients in them. Other cultures used the shells of large mollusks (clams etc.) to boil foods in. There is archaeological evidence of these practices going back 8,000 years or more.

There are recipes for lamb stews and fish stews in the Roman cookery book "Apicius", believed to date from the 4th century AD. "Le Viandier", one of the oldest cookbooks in French, written by the French chef known as Taillevent, has ragouts or stews of various types in it.

Hungarian goulash dates back to the 9th century Magyar shepherds of the area, before the existence of Hungary. Paprika was added in the 18th century.

The first written reference to 'Irish stew' is in Byron's "The Devil's Drive" (1814): "The Devil ... dined on ... a rebel or so in an Irish stew."


Rohama Tehsil

Rafiabad or Rohama () is a subdistrict of the Baramulla District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Joanna Cassidy

Joanna Cassidy (born Joanna Victoria Caskey, August 2, 1945 in Haddonfield, New Jersey) is an American actress. She acted in the TV series "Six Feet Under" and "Body of Proof". She acted in many movies. These include "Blade Runner" (1982), "Where the Heart Is" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?".

David Suchet

Sir David Suchet CBE (born 2 May 1946 in London) is an English actor. He mainly works on British television. He has been in many films over the years. He is perhaps best known for playing Hercule Poirot in the series "Agatha Christie's Poirot". He has made a film version of almost all of the books by Agatha Christie. David provided his voice as The lion Aslan in Focus on the familys Adaptation of C.S Lewis The chronicles of Narnia series.

He started his career in theatre. In 1974 he joined the famous Royal Shakespeare Company. In 2002 he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire and in 2010 he was made a Commander of the same order.

Giuseppe Ungaretti

Giuseppe Ungaretti (; 8 February 1888 – 2 June 1970) was an Italian modernist poet, journalist, essayist, critic, academic, and recipient of the inaugural 1970 Neustadt International Prize for Literature. He was one of the most important people in 20th century Italian literature.


Michelle Dockery

Michelle Suzanne Dockery (born 15 December 1981 in London) is an English television actress who began with the television program "Fingersmith" around 2005. She is strongly known for playing Lady Mary Crawley in the television drama series "Downtown Abbey". Dockery is also a singer.

Bailee Madison

Bailee Madison (born October 15, 1999) is an American actress. She was in the movie "Bridge to Terabithia". Madison was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Pamela Sue Martin

Pamela Sue Martin (born January 5, 1953 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American actress. She played Nancy Drew in "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries". She played Fallon Carrington Colby in the television series "Dynasty". She also acted in other television programs and movies.

Bonnie Franklin

Bonnie Gail Franklin (January 6, 1944 – March 1, 2013) was an American actress. She worked mostly on television. She starred in the situation comedy "One Day at a Time".

Franklin's father was Russian; her mother was Romanian.


Aisha Tyler

Aisha N. Tyler (born September 18, 1970 in San Francisco, California) is an American actor, writer, comedian and television host. She attended Dartmouth College studying political science. She then began as an advertising executive before becoming a Stand-up comedian in the mid-1990s. She was the host of "Talk Soup". She was a cast member for two years in "Friends". Tyler then played Andrea on "Ghost Whisperer". She is a co-host on the daytime talk show "The Talk". 

<br>

Francesca Capaldi

Francesca Angelucci Capaldi (born June 8, 2004) is an American actress. She is best know as a child actress for her role of "Chloe James" in the Disney Channel television series, "Dog with a Blog".

Philippe Bond

Philippe Bond (born 28 June 1979) is a Canadian comedian and radio host. He is from Quebec. Bond co-hosts the morning radio program "C't'encore drôle", on the radio station NRJ. In 2011, he was chosen to host a version of the game show "The Price is Right" in Montreal.

Bond has been described as a good storyteller because he always tells several anecdotes. Through his comedy, he shows to everyone that it is sometimes in the most innocuous situations that people find the funniest facts of everyday life.

Bond graduated from the École nationale de l'humour in 2002. He debuted on Radio Energy Hull / CKTF. He quickly started work doing comedy shows in Quebec. He appeared in several comedy festivals. Since 2002, he has appeared in the "Grand rire de Québec", "Just for Laughs" festival, the Fou rire de Sherbrooke, in Montreal High Lights Festival and in many corporate events. In 2007, he worked with Louis-José Houde in the first part of his new show "Suivre la parade".

He won the trophy for the 14th edition of the "Gala les Oliviers" in 2012. This is the biggest award chosen by the public in the "Gala" which took place on Radio Canada.


Yilpi Adamson

Imiyari "Yilpi" Adamson (born 1954) is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She is known for her work in a range of art forms, including painting, sculpture, weaving, knitting and batik.

Yilpi was born at a place near Uluru, in the Northern Territory. Her mother was a member of the Pitjantjatjara people and her father was Yankunytjatjara. When Yilpi was still very young, her parents came to live at Ernabella, a Presbyterian mission in northwest South Australia. She grew up there, and later began working at Ernabella Arts.

Batik was one of the first forms of art Yilpi learned to make at Ernabella. Several of her works were shown at an exhibition in Adelaide in 2006, and one of these was bought for the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney. Later examples of her batik works were bought by the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh. Yilpi is also known for making woven items, such as baskets, out of "tjanpi" (desert grass). She made several objects with a women's project called the Tjanpi Desert Weavers.

Yilpi began painting much more recently. She has painted both abstract and figurative works. The abstract works are expressions of her Dreaming legends, passed down to her from her mother. Her most successful works, however, are the figurative paintings of her life as a child at Ernabella in the 1950s. Examples of Yilpi's paintings are held in the Art Gallery of South Australia, and the National Museum of Australia. The National Gallery of Australia also has a series of ceramic pots that Yilpi painted with Malpiya Davey, Alison Carroll, and other Ernabella women.

Universal Soldier

Universal Soldier is a 1992 science fiction and action drama movie. The main star is Jean-Claude Van Damme. Dolph Lundgren also stars. This science fiction/action drama was released with strong box office revenues. The critics, however, gave negative reviews.


Ommaya reservoir

The Ommaya reservoir is an invention by Dr Ayub K. Ommaya, a famous neurosurgeon. During surgery a catheter - a thin tube - is placed into one of the ventricles of the brain. The catheter is attached to a reservoir right under the scalp.

The Ommaya reservoir can be used for a few different things:

Wajih-uz-Zaman Khan

Wajih uz Zaman Khan also spelt Wajeeh uz Zaman Khan , Advocate, MP (born 1962) is a Pakistani lawyer and politician, belonging to the Swatis tribe of Oghi, Hazara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. 
He is of the family of the ex Khan of Agror.. He took a Law degree from the University of the Punjab and went back to his native area to practice the legal profession.

He later took part in elections and was elected a member of the provincial parliament and also served a short while as Health Minister in his province's cabinet. He is still a serving member of this parliament at this time but he has been thrown out of his party for corrupt practices . 

Kimberley Walsh

Kimberley Jane Walsh (born 20 November 1981) is a British singer, model and actress. She was born and raised in Bradford, West Yorkshire. She is a member of pop quintet Girls Aloud. She was runner-up in the 2012 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". In 2012 she presented a chat show called "Suck My Pop". On 4 February 2013, Walsh released "Centre Stage", her first solo album.

Steven William

Steven William Umboh also known as Stevan William or Stefan William (born in California, United States, August, 11, 1993) is an American born Indonesian actor.

He is the first son of the couple Clinton Avery (United States-Russian) and Ellen Thelma Umboh (Indonesian), and has a younger sister named Jennifer Avery who is currently living in (Australia) with father and mother. He is also the grandson of a famous Indonesian director of his time, namely Wim Umboh.



Dark Funeral

Dark Funeral are a Swedish black metal band from Stockholm. 

The band was formed in 1993 by guitarist Lord Ahriman and former guitarist Blackmoon. They released their debut album, "The Secrets of the Black Arts", on 28 January 1996. Some past and present members of the band have an affinity for Satanism. Lord Ahriman and Emperor Magus Caligula are both practitioners of LaVeyan Satanism.





I (band)

I is a Norwegian heavy metal supergroup. It was formed in 2006 by Abbath Doom Occulta and Armagedda of the band Immortal and TC King of Gorgoroth and Ice Dale of the band Enslaved. Their debut album was "Between Two Worlds."It was released on November 3, 2006 in the United Kingdom and November 14, 2006 in North America.




Milyika Carroll

Milyika Carroll (born 4 March 1958), often known as Alison Carroll or "Windlass" Carroll, is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She is also a community leader on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia.

Milyika was born in 1958, in Ernabella, northwest South Australia. At that time, it was a Presbyterian mission for Aboriginal people. After finishing primary school here, she went to high school in Alice Springs, at Saint Philips College and Yirara College. She moved back to Ernabella after finishing school. She briefly worked at the community's craft centre, making hand-painted bookmarks and gift cards. She also learned to use batik methods, which had been introduced to the community in 1971.

After about one or two years of working at the craft centre, Carroll decided to become a health worker. She did her training in Adelaide, and then went back to Ernabella to work in the clinic. She still worked at the craft centre sometimes, learning under her mother.

Carroll is married to Pepai Carroll, and they have five children.

Carroll has been involved in the administration of Ernabella Arts for several years. She served as its chairperson from 2001 to 2003, as its manager from 2004 to 2007, and then as chairperson again from 2007 to 2010. She was also the chairperson of Aṉanguku Arts and Culture Aboriginal Corporation from 2004 to 2006, and then became its director. Aṉanguku Arts is the organisation that coordinates and supports development of the art economy on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara (APY) Lands. Her husband Pepai has also served as the organisation's chairman.

In April 2008, Carroll was chosen to attend the Australia 2020 Summit in Canberra, where she and Makinti Minutjukur represented the APY communities. She has since been involved in school administration in Ernabella, including serving as the chairwoman of the Governing Council of Ernabella Aṉangu School since 2011.

Carroll is known for painting, printmaking, batik, ceramic and textile works. She uses several printmaking methods, including lithographs, etchings and screen printing. Her painted designs are called "", which are designs and symbols that mean something to her. They represent her identity and her own view of the world, and are associated with her family's Dreaming legends. The designs are abstract, and come from ancient ceremonial designs (historically painted on the body or rock).

Carroll has had her works held in many public and private galleries both in Australia and other countries. Example of her batik works are held in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, the State Library of South Australia in Adelaide, and the British Museum. The National Museum of Australia and the National Gallery of Australia both contain multiple examples of Carroll's printings, etchings, batik works, and textile paintings.

One of her earliest works, a painting done on paper, was chosen as one of the finalists for the first National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 1984. In 2011, Carroll's uncle, Dickie Minyintiri, became one of the oldest people to win the award.


Genco Gulan

Genco Gulan ( (born 13 January 1969) is a Turkish sculptor, painter and writer. He was born in Istanbul and has lived in Frankfurt and New York. Gulan is interested in integrating new technologies, classics and conceptual art with contemporary culture. His art is conceptual pop media. He layers the symbolismand brings to our attantion with colors. He's teaching at Mimar Sinan Academy and Bogazici University.


Pinscreen animation

Pinscreen animation is a technique used for making animated movies with a device called a pinscreen. This device is a screen lit by the two vertical sides and filled with a vast number of movable pins. The pins can be pushed back and forth, casting their shadows on the screen to create images. It makes unique visual effects, but because of the carefulness the technique requires and its time-consuming side, it has been and always remains very rarely used.

The pinscreen is a device invented in the early thirties by Alexandre Alexeïeff, a French engraver, illustrator, and filmmaker of Russian origin. Alexeïeff conceived this device to make animation movies showing the same kind of textural effects that its engravings.

The device is a white screen with a multitude of little holes on all its surface. Each hole is filled with a pin that can slide back and forth and the screen is lit by the two vertical sides, allowing the pins to cast their shadow on the screen. If all the pins are pushed in the screen, they can't cast any shadow and the screen appears entirely white. Conversely, if all the pins are pushed out of the screen, it's total darkness. Depending on how far the pins point out of the front of the screen, their shadows are shorter or longer, allowing the artist to create images in different tones of gray.

Each of the frames created on the pinscreen is photographed before creating the next frame. When strung together, the frames create the illusion of movement.

Alexeïeff and his partner Claire Parker completed, in 1933, the animated movie "Night on Bald Mountain", before making another movie in 1943, "En passant", for the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). Many years later, The NFB acquired a full-sized pinscreen and in 1972, Alexeïeff and Parker were invited back to the NFB and gave several workshops on pinscreen animation to a group of filmmakers. One of the most interested Quebecer filmmaker in pinscreen animation is probably Jacques Drouin. He made several animated movies using that technique : "Trois exercices sur l'écran d'épingles d'Alexeïef" in 1974, "Mindscape" in 1976, "Nightangel" in 1986 that was co-directed with Bretislav Pojar, "Ex-child" in 1994, "A Hunting Lesson" in 2001 and "Imprints" in 2004. It's with his movie "Mindscape" that Drouin expressed his own style with the pinscreen technique for the first time, a style different from Alexeïeff's. On the technical plane, Drouin also innovated with "Nightangel", in which he colours the pinscreen images by filtering the light sources. Recently, animator and illustrator Michèle Lemieux has made "Le grand ailleurs et le petit ici" with the NFB's pinscreen.

Muria people

The Muria are an aboriginal tribe in Chhattisgarh, India. They are a tribe of the Gondi people. The Muria live in the Bastar district of Chhattisgarh. They traditionally live by agriculture, hunting and fishing, working as a community. They are surrounded by Hindu culture, but they are animists. They have an omnivorous diet, and liquor plays a big role in their society. According to sociologists, the Muria tribe is a very harmonious society.

When they reach adolescence, children leave their family houses to live in a "ghotul". A "ghotul" is like a mixed-sex dormitory where adolescents practice sexual intercourse, sometimes with a single partner and sometimes with multiple partners. Pregnancy should be avoided and they are obligated to regularly change partners, in order to avoid affection. In the "ghotul", the minors govern themselves and it is important to maintain social and traditional order in the group. If the rules are not respected, the children will be punished. They can be expelled from the "ghotul" and this can be almost as bad as death.

In the "ghotul", there is no bond of affection because they want to avoid too much love before the marriage. The objective of all this organisation is to avoid divorce. For the Muria, it is considered important to govern sexuality in their community, because they believe that the sexuality is the biggest problem of humans and that society will not be able to achieve equilibrium if they don't figure prominently in sexuality.

Lucy Hale

Karen Lucille "Lucy" Hale (born June 14, 1989 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American actress and singer. Her movies include "Scream 4", "Bionic Woman" and "Privileged". She also acted in the TV series "Pretty Little Liars". 

Victoria Rowell

Victoria Rowell (born May 10, 1960 inPortland, Maine) is an American actress and writer. She stars mostly on television programs. She played the character Drucilla in the CBS soap series "The Young and the Restless". She also did other television programs. 

Ashley Benson

Ashley Victoria Benson (b. December 18, 1989 in Anaheim, California) is an American actress. She plays the character Abby Deveraux on the soap opera "Days of Our Lives". She also played the character Hanna in the TV series "Pretty Little Liars". She began her acting career with commercials. Benson is one of the stars in "Spring Breakers".

Love's Labour's Won

Love's Labour's Won was probably the name of a play William Shakespeare wrote before 1603. One theory is that it was a sequel to another play, possibly "Love's Labour's Lost". Another theory is that the play survived, but with a different name. Today, no copies of the play exist.

Vertigo

"This article is about a medical condition. For an article about the movie with the same name, see Vertigo (movie)." 

Vertigo means a person feels as if the world around them is spinning, or that they are spinning, or the spinning is in their head. Vertigo can be caused by different medical conditions; when it happens because of a migraine it is called "migraine-associated vertigo". It may happen before a migraine headache starts or during the headache, but vertigo is most common during the period of time between headaches. Many people who have migraines have vertigo or dizziness as the main symptom instead of a headache. You can experience vertigo when you get dizzy.

There are different ways of vertigo associated with migraines, making a person feel; from feeling lightheaded or: 

Thomas J. Hudner Jr.

Thomas Jerome Hudner, Jr. (August 31, 1924 – November 13, 2017) was a retired officer of the United States Navy. He is also a former naval aviator. He rose to the rank of captain. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions trying to save the life of his wingman, Ensign Jesse L. Brown. It was during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir in the Korean War.

He was born in Fall River, Massachusetts. He was a student at Phillips Academy and the United States Naval Academy. At first he was not interested in aviation, but later he learned to fly and joined Fighter Squadron 32. He flew a F4U Corsair at the start of the Korean War. Arriving near Korea in October 1950, he flew support missions from the .

On 4 December 1950 Hudner and Brown were among a group of pilots on patrol near the Chosin Reservoir. Brown's Corsair was shot by Chinese troops and crashed. In an attempt to save Brown from his burning aircraft, Hudner intentionally crash-landed his own aircraft on a snowy mountain in freezing temperatures to help Brown. In spite of these efforts, Brown died of his injuries and Hudner was forced to leave, having also been injured in the landing.

Later, Hudner served aboard several U.S. Navy ships and with a number of aviation units, including a short time as Executive Officer of the during the Vietnam War, before retiring in 1973. After retiring, he worked for veterans organizations in the United States. He lived in Concord, Massachusetts. The guided missile destroyer is named for him.

Hudner died at his home in Concord, Massachusetts on November 13, 2017 at the age of 93.

Hudner was one of 11 men awarded the Medal of Honor during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir. He was the first of seven U.S. Navy servicemen, and the only Naval aviator, to be awarded the Medal of Honor in the Korean War.



Online sources

Malpiya Davey

Malpiya Davey (born 1959), also known as Irpintiri Davey, is an Aboriginal Australian artist from Pukatja, South Australia. She is best known for her ceramic artworks, but she also does painting, printmaking and weaving. Davey works for Ernabella Arts, the community arts co-operative in Pukatja. Ernabella Arts opened a ceramic studio in 2003, and Malpiya has since become one of its most prolific artists. She specialises in ceramic sgraffito.

Malpiya is Pitjantjatjara. Her parent's country is to the west of Pukatja between Watarru and Iltur, close to the border with Western Australia. She decorates the ceramic with glazed or painted designs. Her designs depict various traditional bush foods from her family's country, such as ' (desert raisins), ' (quandong) and "" (wild figs). These are the subject of many of her sgraffito pieces.

Malpiya's ceramic work has been shown in several major exhibitions around Australia, including at Flinders University, Cudgegong Gallery, Strathnairn Homestead Gallery, and the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory. It was also featured twice at the annual Desert Mob exhibition in Alice Springs, in 2003 and 2004. Examples are held in the permanent collections of the Grafton Regional Gallery in New South Wales, the Art Gallery of South Australia, and the National Gallery of Australia. The National Museum of Australia also contains examples of Malpiya's screen prints.


Malya Teamay

Malya Teamay is an Aboriginal Australian artist. He is also an administrator of Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park, serving as a member of its Board of Management. As an artist, Teamay works for Walkatjara Art Uluṟu. This art centre is part of the Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa Cultural Centre located inside the national park. Examples of Teamay's paintings are held in the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, and the Museum of Victoria.

Teamay was born in 1947, at Curtin Springs, a cattle station in the southwest of the Northern Territory. His family was Pitjantjatjara. He grew up at Uluṟu, Areyonga and Ernabella. He worked as a stockman for most of his early life. Teamay moved to Muṯitjulu after it was established in the mid-1980s. He began painting soon after, originally as a way of telling others about the history of his people. His first painting was about the problem of petrol sniffing. He has made several different versions of this painting since.

Like most other artists from this region, Teamay also paints the "" associated with his country. These are stories about his spiritual ancestors from the Dreamtime and their journeys across the land. Teamay's paintings focus on the Seven Sisters, and the Liru and Kuniya Dreamings. His work "Tjukurpa of Uluṟu" is pictured on the admission tickets to the park. It depicts the spiritual law associated with Uluṟu. The other subjects he commonly paints are stories from the Australian gold rush, social problems faced by his community, and the effects of destructive habits on the environment.

Malya is a very active member of the Aboriginal community and has travelled widely around Australia to speak on Anangu issues. He has also served as the chairman of the Nyangatjatjara Aboriginal Corporation, which governs employment, educational and economic opportunities for Aboriginal people in the southwestern Northern Territory.

Dress code

A dress code is a rule about what people should, must or mustn't wear. Many times these rules are obvious: they do not need to be written. For example, when walking around a city or going to work one needs to have appropriate clothes. These can change depending on different countries and cultures. At other times a dress code can be a written rule: this can happen for important events. Some private places might also have a dress code that people need to follow to be allowed in - for example churches and nightclubs. Many organizations require a uniform.

The way a person chooses their clothes can be very important in a social environment. Different types of clothes can give an idea of how much money a person has, what religion he follows, marital status, etc.

In the Western world, there are the following dress codes for important events. These can include, for example, State dinners (when important people of different countries meet over dinner), weddings or the Nobel Prize ceremony.

MI5

The Security Service, commonly known as MI5, is one of three British intelligence agencies. It is the security agency responsible for counter-intelligence inside the United Kingdom. It gives the government information about hostile activities inside the UK. The slang term for MI5 inside the security services is "Box 500", after its old wartime postal address. Priorities are set by the Joint Intelligence Committee. All its employees are bound by the Official Secrets Act.

The Secret Intelligence Service (or "MI6") is responsible for intelligence collection outside the UK, and the Government Communications Headquarters is responsible for providing signals intelligence.

The arm of the law which works for MI5 is known informally as Special Branch. They have been rearranged as part of the Metropolitan Police's Counter Terrorism Command. MI5 staff do not have the power of arrest: what they do is instruct Special Branch, who then do the leg-work and interrogation of suspects.

Gretchen Mol

Gretchen Mol (born November 8, 1972 in Connecticut) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and in television programs. She starred in "Rounders", "Celebrity" and "Girl 6". Gretchen began her acting career during the mid 1990s.

Function composition

In mathematics, function composition is a way of making a new function from two other functions through a chain-like process.

More specifically, given a function "f" from "X" to "Y" and a function "g" from "Y" to "Z", then the function ""g" composed with "f"", written as "g ∘ f", is a function from "X" to "Z" (notice how it is usually written in the opposite way to how people would expect it to be).

The value of "f" given the input "x" is written as "f"("x"). The value of "g ∘ f" given the input "x" is written as ("g" ∘ "f")("x"), and is defined as "g"("f"("x")).

As an example. let "f" be a function which doubles a number (multiplies it by 2), and let "g" be a function which subtracts 1 from a number. These two functions can be written as:

Here, "g" composed with "f" would be the function which doubles a number, and "then" subtracts 1 from it. That is:

On the other hand, "f" composed with "g" would be the function which subtracts 1 from a number, and "then" doubles it:

Composition of functions can also be generalized to binary relations, where it is sometimes represented using the same formula_5 symbol (as in formula_6).

Function composition can be proven to be associative, which means that:

However, function composition is in general not commutative, which means that:

This can be also seen in the first example, where "(g ∘ f)(2) = 2*2 - 1 = 3" and "(f ∘ g)(2) = 2*(2-1) = 2".


Double

Double may mean:


The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring

The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a 2001 fantasy epic movie directed by Peter Jackson, serving as the first part to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, which is based on J.R.R. Tolkien's book "The Lord of the Rings". The film is set in Tolkien's fantasy world of Middle-earth and tells the story of Frodo Baggins, who is a small humanlike creature known as a "hobbit". Frodo receives a powerful ring from his uncle Bilbo. The ring is sought after by its original creator, the evil Lord Sauron, who wants to use its power to conquer Middle-earth. Frodo and eight companions, who form a group known as the "Fellowship of the Ring", find themselves on a quest to the volcano Mount Doom in Sauron's territory Mordor, which is the only place where the ring can be destroyed. It was highly praised by critics and audiences, and, like its sequels, is now considered one of the best movies ever made. It got nominated for 14 Academy Awards.

The movie's prologue, narrated by the elf Lady Galadriel, explains that thousands of years ago, during the Second Age of Middle-earth, the rulers of elves, dwarves, and humans (known in Middle-earth as "Men") were given magical rings known as the "Rings of Power". But the evil Lord Sauron created the powerful One Ring in Mount Doom in his land of Mordor so he could rule all the other rings and conquer Middle-earth. An alliance of Elves and Men then defeated Sauron and his armies in Mordor, with Sauron being defeated by Isildur, a man of the kingdom Gondor. Isildur took the Ring and was corrupted by it, but the ring left him, allowing him to be killed by orcs. Thousands of years later, it was found by a hobbit, Smeagol, who kept it for centuries and became very attached to it; the ring slowly drew him mad, and turned him into the monster Gollum. However, the ring left him, too, and was found by the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, who was on an adventure when he found it. 

Sixty years later, Bilbo Baggins is celebrating his 111th birthday in the Shire, a peaceful land where hobbits live. He also reunites with his old friend, the wizard Gandalf. During Bilbo's birthday party, when he is doing a speech, he pulls a prank on those attending by using the ring to disappear in front of them. Gandalf is alarmed and follows Bilbo to his house, where he finds that Bilbo is attached to it. He convinces Bilbo to leave the ring, and everything else he owns, to his nephew Frodo. Bilbo then leaves the Shire for one last adventure. Gandalf investigates the ring and discovers that it truly is the One Ring. He also learns that Gollum has revealed the location of the ring to Sauron's orcs. Gandalf returns to the Shire, warning Frodo that he must leave for the village Bree, promising to meet him there. 

Frodo begins his journey with his friend and gardener, Samwise Gamgee, better known as "Sam". Meanwhile, Gandalf meets with the wizard Saruman in his fortress Isengard, but discovers Saruman has allied with Sauron. Saruman battles with Gandalf and imprisons him. As Frodo and Sam continue their journey, they are joined by two other hobbits, Merry and Pippin. The four hobbits find themselves being chased by the Nazgûl, a group of evil Men under Sauron's control who are drawn to the ring. They arrive at Bree, but Gandalf never arrives because he was imprisoned. They meet a mysterious man named "Strider", who promises to guide them to the elf land of Rivendell. However, the Nazgûl ambush the hobbits at one point. Strider rescues them and fights them off, but not before the Witch-King, the Nazgûl leader, stabs Frodo with a Morgul blade, which will slowly turn him into one of the Nazgûl if he isn't healed. Arwen, an elf and Strider's love interest, finds the group and helps Frodo to Rivendell, where the elves heal him. Gandalf escapes Isengard on a large eagle to Rivendell. Arwen's father, Lord Elrond, holds a council meeting of elves, men, dwarves, and Frodo and Gandalf. The council decides the Ring must be destroyed in Mount Doom. Frodo decides to take the Ring, accompanied by Gandalf, Sam, Merry, Pippin, elf Legolas, dwarf Gimli, Boromir of Gondor, and Strider, who is revealed to actually be Aragorn, who is meant to be the king of Gondor. The group is named the "Fellowship of the Ring". The night before the Fellowship leaves, Bilbo, who now lives in Rivendell, gives Frodo his sword, Sting, which glows blue when orcs are nearby, and a chainmail shirt made of a strong material known as "mithril". 

The Fellowship journeys to the Gap of Rohan, but discover it is being watched by birds (of a species known as "Crebain") who spy for Saruman. They decide to walk through the mountain pass of Caradhras instead, but Saruman uses magic to create a storm. The Fellowship is forced to travel through the Mines of Moria, a mine which used to belong to dwarves. They find out the dwarves there are dead. They are then ambushed by a lake monster. The entrance collapses, trapping them inside. Pippin ends up accidentally awakening the orcs in the mines, leading to a battle. They also kill a cave troll during the battle. The Fellowship then begins running from the orcs, but the orcs flee when an ancient demon known as a "Balrog" awakens. Gandalf saves the Fellowship from the Balrog, but sacrifices himself in doing so. 

Grieved, the Fellowship reaches Lothlórien, a place of elves. Galadriel, the queen of Lothlórien, tells Frodo that only he can complete the quest and one member of the Fellowship will try to take the Ring. Meanwhile, in Isengard, Saruman has created an army of Orc/Men hybrids known as "Uruk-hai" to find and kill the Fellowship. The Fellowship travels by river to the lawn Parth Galen, where Boromir tries to take the Ring from Frodo, as Galadriel predicted. Then, the Uruk-hai scouts, led by a Uruk-hai named "Lurtz", attack the Fellowship. Merry and Pippin distract them to protect Frodo, but are then surrounded; Boromir then comes to their rescue, but Lurtz shoots him multiple times with his bow. The Uruk-hai take Merry and Pippin as they flee. Aragorn then kills Lurtz and comforts Boromir as he dies. 

Meanwhile, Frodo stands at the river by which the Fellowship traveled to Parth Galen, hesitant to continue his quest. He is motivated when remembering something Gandalf said to him in the Mines that people cannot always control what happens to them, but they can choose how to use their time. With this motivation, he gets on a canoe and begins paddling away, having made the decision to go to Mordor alone. Sam finds him and begins swimming to him, despite Frodo telling him to go back. Sam nearly drowns, but Frodo saves him and pulls him onto the canoe. Sam reminds Frodo of a promise he made to Gandalf not to leave him, and they tearfully embrace. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli set out to save Merry and Pippin, while Frodo and Sam look towards Mordor from the mountain pass of Emyn Muil, where Frodo tells Sam he's glad he's with him. The two continue their journey.


The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers

The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is a 2002 fantasy epic movie directed by Peter Jackson, serving as the second part to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.


The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King

The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a 2003 fantasy epic movie directed by Peter Jackson, serving as the end to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. It notably won all 11 Academy Awards it got nominated for, including Best Picture.


Hunter Tylo

Deborah Jo Hunter (also known as Hunter Tylo; born July 3, 1962, in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American actress. She works mostly in television soap operas. Her first appearance was in "All My Children" in 1985. She was fired three years later. She played Taylor Hayes in "The Bold and the Beautiful". She also acted in other television programs.


Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen


Familial hemiplegic migraine

Familial hemiplegic migraine is a rare type of migraine headache with aura. It is an inherited medical disorder that causes paralysis on one side of the body.

Aqdas

The Aqdas (, ; , ) is the central holy book of the Baha'i Faith. It was written by Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the Baha'i Faith and it deals with various topics including ethics, prophecies and devotion.

Rene Kulitja

Rene Kulitja (born 1958), also known as Wanuny Kulitja, is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She works with a range of media, including paint, glass and ceramics. Her most famous design is probably "Yananyi Dreaming", which covers a Qantas Boeing 737.

Rene was born in 1958, in Ernabella, South Australia. Her family are Pitjantjatjara people, and her Pitjantjatjara name is Wanuny. She grew up in northern South Australia, and then moved to Docker River after she got married. When Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park was handed back to traditional owners in 1985, the couple moved to Muṯitjulu to work in tourism. Rene became involved in arts and crafts at the women's centre shortly after. She was a founding director of Walkatjara Art.

During the mid-1990s, Kulitja worked with other women artists on the interior design of the park's cultural centre. She also took a course on glasswork techniques at the University of South Australia, along with three other women. After a successful exhibition of work made using these new skills, Kulitja and the other women got a commission from the Ayers Rock Resort at Yulara for a panel of glass decorated with traditional designs.

In 2000, Kulitja was one of over 300 Aboriginal women from Central Australia to perform at the Opening Ceremony of the Summer Olympic Games in Sydney.

In 2002, Kulitja worked with Balarinji Studio in Sydney to design the outside surface of Qantas Boeing 737. The design she painted was of Uluṟu. It was based on traditional designs and sacred Dreaming legends. The fleet was launched on 14 February 2002, with a special ceremony performed by singers and dancers from Muṯitjulu. The word "(y)" means "to go" or "to travel" in Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara. It was the third Qantas aircraft to be painted in an Aboriginal design. Kulitja did something similar again in 2010, when a semi-trailer truck was decorated with another of her designs as part of a national roadshow by Maṟuku Arts.

Kulitja has held an important position within her community for several years. She has been a member of both the Muṯitjulu Community Council and the Board of Management of Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. In 2006, she became the chairperson of Maṟuku Arts. In October 2007, she was elected for a two-year term as a director on the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara (NPY) Women's Council.

Rene's husband, Richard Kulitja, worked in the tourist industry for many years. In 2004, he accepted an international tourism award in Washington, D.C. on behalf of Aṉangu Tours. Several members of their family have been badly affected by petrol sniffing, which is a widespread problem amongst Aboriginal communities in central Australia. Their son was addicted to sniffing, and was reported to be getting help in 2006. Rene's two brothers also have permanent brain damage caused by their past addictions to the substance. Rene has spoken strongly about addressing the issue within the community.

Kulitja works with a range of media, including paint, glass, ceramics and "" (desert grass). She makes paintings, woven baskets, and glass and ceramic sculptures. An example of her glass work is shown in the National Gallery of Australia. It is a coolamon made of glass (rather than the traditional wood), and has been exhibited in several Australian galleries. She is also known for making traditional-style jewellery using modern techniques and media. Some of her jewellery work was featured on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" when Winfrey visited Uluṟu in December 2010.

Kulitja's work has been shown in many exhibitions across Australia. It has also been exhibited in Belgium and Japan.

Pokémon X and Y

Pokémon X and Y are two role-playing games (RPGs) in the "Pokémon" series made by Game Freak for the Nintendo 3DS. 

The games were announced by Nintendo on January 8, 2013. They were released on October 12, 2013. "X and Y" are the first ever full 3D games in the main "Pokémon" series.

New starting Pokémon were revealed in the announcement video for the game. The starters for "X and Y" are the Grass-type Pokémon, Chespin, the Fire-type Pokémon, Fennekin, and the Water-type Pokémon, Froakie. The announcement video also showed two new legendary Pokémon, Yveltal,(Yah-val-tal) a bird-like Pokémon which has a shape kind of like the letter Y, and Xerneas, a deer-like Pokémon which has X-shapes in its eyes. Another Pokémon, Sylveon, is both a new Eevee evolution and an entirely new type called the Fairy-type, which is strong against Dragon-type Pokémon. Some older Pokémon, like Jigglypuff, Marill, and Gardevoir, have also been changed to be part Fairy-type. There is also a new gameplay element called Mega Evolution. Some Pokémon like Mewtwo, Blaziken, and Lucario are able to power up during a battle if they are holding a Mega Stone. Mega forms of Pokémon are stronger than their normal forms.


Uri, Jammu and Kashmir

Uri () is a town and sub-district of the Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is located along the Jhelum River.

Kepler (spacecraft)

Kepler is a space observatory launched by NASA to discover Earth-like planets orbiting other stars. The spacecraft, named in honor of the 17th-century German astronomer Johannes Kepler, was launched on 7 March 2009. It was active for as of 31, 2024.
The Kepler mission is "specifically designed to survey a portion of our region of the Milky Way galaxy to discover dozens of Earth-size planets in or near the habitable zone and determine how many of the billions of stars in our galaxy have such planets". It works by the occultation method. A photometer continually monitors the brightness of over 145,000 main sequence stars in a fixed field of view. This data is transmitted to Earth, then analyzed. The aim is to find periodic dimming caused by extrasolar planets which cross in front of their host star. As of January 2013, there are a total of 2,740 candidates.
Kepler is part of NASA's Discovery Program of relatively low-cost primary science missions. The telescope's construction and initial operation were managed by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. To start with, the mission lifetime was 3.5 years. In 2012, this was extended to 2016, partly due to difficulties in processing and analyzing the huge volume of data collected by the spacecraft.
The Kepler space telescope has had to give up its planet-hunting mission because its pointing system has problems which the engineers cannot fix.

Dawn Wells

Dawn Elberta Wells (October 18, 1938 – December 30, 2020) was an American actor, producer and author. She worked mostly in television. She played Mary Ann Summers in the TV series "Gilligan's Island" during the 1960s. Before that, she was Miss Nevada in 1959 and competed in the Miss America Pageant in 1960.

Wells died on December 30, 2020 at the age of 82 in Los Angeles, due to problems caused by COVID-19.

<br>

Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives

The Speaker of the House of Representatives is the person in charge of the House of Representatives, the lower house of the Parliament of Australia. The person in charge of the upper house is the President of the Senate.

The current speaker is Milton Dick. There have been three female speakers, Joan Child, Anna Burke and Bronwyn Bishop.

The office of speaker was created by section 35 of the Constitution of Australia. The role of speaker was copied from the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

Unlike the Speaker of the House of Commons in the United Kingdom, the Speaker of the House of Representatives is allowed to be a member of a political party (normally the party that forms government provides the Speaker). The current Speaker, Milton Dick, is a member of the Labor Party, the party that currently forms government.

The speaker is elected by the House of Representatives in a secret ballot. The Clerk of the Australian House of Representatives holds the election. There must always be a speaker, and if the position becomes vacant, then an election must take place before the parliament can do anything else.

In Australia the speaker generally remains an active member of their party. They continue to attend party meetings, and at general elections they stand as party candidates. However, Sir Frederick Holder and Peter Slipper resigned from their parties and sat as independents.

The speaker can be opposed at a general election. Three speakers, Groom in 1929, Nairn in 1943 and Aston in 1972 have been defeated at general elections. Because the speaker is always a member of the governing party, they have not continued as speaker following a change of government. The opposition sometimes selects one of its own members for speaker after a general election. This is a symbolic act, and the governing party always supports its own candidates.

Speakers do not have to resign from Parliament at the end of their term. Two speakers, Makin and Scholes, have become cabinet ministers after having been speaker.

Most speakers have been long serving party members. Four speakers have been former government ministers Watt, Groom, Cameron and Sinclair. Martin had been a former parliamentary secretary. Snedden had been both a former minister and Leader of the Opposition. Holder and Watt were former state premiers.

The name "speaker" comes from early times in the House of Commons of England. "Mr Speaker" was the Member of Parliament chosen to speak for them to the king. The first recorded use of the term "speaker" was in 1377.

In earlier times when the king was very powerful, he would usually only call the parliament together in order to get it to agree to new taxes. The speaker would report parliament’s decisions to the king. This was dangerous if it was not what the king wanted to hear. It was not uncommon for early speakers to be beheaded, with another being "murdered". This has led to the modern symbolic show of refusal by a member on being elected speaker. In early days a member’s struggle to avoid being forced into the chair could have been completely genuine. In Australia the tradition is continued by the act of the new speaker being escorted to the chair.

The Speaker's main duty is to be the person in charge of the House. The Speaker is helped by two Deputy Speakers and a group of Acting Speakers. The second Deputy Speaker is elected from an opposition party. These often take charge during routine debates. The Speaker's role is to:

Australian parliaments can be very noisy and often members behave badly. The Speaker has powers to control their behaviour as part of the Standing Orders. The Speaker can tell a Member to leave the House for one hour. For more serious offences, the Speaker may "name" a Member. The Speaker will say "I name the Honourable Member for X." In Parliament Members are always called by the name of their electorate. The House then votes on a motion to remove the Member for 24 hours. The House also had the power to permanently expel a Member. This happened once to Hugh Mahon in 1920. In 1987 a new law was passed and Members can no longer be expelled from the Parliament.

Australian speakers are supposed to be impartial; they are meant to be fair and not to take sides in arguments. They do not take part in debates and they do not usually vote, unless in a rare case the vote is tied. They do not speak out in public about party politics except as part of their own election campaign.

Although not an active political position, the speakers see it as part of their duty to get the government's legislation passed through the house. They usually agree with the government on points of order brought up by opposition members. If the members are unhappy with the speaker they can try to pass motions of dissent, or even of no confidence. These are nearly always defeated as members vote to support their party. 

There have been several famous clashes between speakers and the government.


In 2011, the Speaker Harry Jenkins survived after the house did not support his decision to name Liberal MP Bob Baldwin. The government moved that Baldwin be suspended, but he was supported by the Coalition, independent MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook. The vote on suspending Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71–72. Normally the speaker would have resigned, but the House of Representatives immediately approved a motion of confidence in the speaker which was passed. Speaker Jenkins continued in office.

There have been speakers who were not members of the government. Former LNP member Peter Slipper became an independent when the Labor government offered him the job in 2011. Frederick Holder was elected for the Free Trade Party at the first federal election in 1901. He resigned from the party and was an independent speaker until his death in 1909. After the 1940 election, the United Australia Party's Walter Nairn was speaker during the John Curtin's Labor government that was formed in 1941. Opposition MP Carty Salmon was the speaker for Andrew Fisher's Labor government after the 1910 election. At the 1913 election, Labor's Charles McDonald was asked to remain as speaker by the incoming one-seat-majority Commonwealth Liberal Party. He refused but became speaker again after Labor won the 1914 election. McDonald stayed in the job even when the Nationalist Party took government.

A member who is elected speaker is given the title 'The Honourable'. With the approval of the sovereign, this title can be used for life. It is usually only given to those who have served as speaker for three years or more. Harry Jenkins, was the first speaker to ask that "The Hon." not be used for him.

Copying the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, the traditional dress of the speaker is court dress. This can include a black silk gown (similar to a Queen's Counsel gown), a wing collar and a lace jabot or bands (another variation included a white bow tie with a lace jabot), bar jacket, and a full-bottomed wig. The wig used by the speaker was donated by Herbert 'Doc' Evatt when he was elected to the House in 1951. He had worn the wig when he was a High Court justice (1930–1940). The wig is currently on loan from the speaker's office to the Museum of Australian Democracy. On formal occasions they may also wear court shoes and hose. The dress of speakers has often changes according to the party in power, but it is the personal choice of the speaker. All Labor party speakers have worn business suits, following the example set by their first speaker, Charles McDonald.

The speaker, currently, no longer wears the full traditional dress. Billy Snedden (1976–1983) was the last speaker to do so. The Labor practice resumed from 1983 until the election of the Howard Government in 1996. The new speaker Bob Halverson chose to wear the court dress of the speaker upon his election in April 1996, but without the wig. Speaker Ian Sinclair chose to wear normal business clothes during his brief term in 1998. However speakers Andrew and Hawker brought back the wearing of the silk gown. Speaker Jenkins resumed Labor practice from 2007 until the election of Peter Slipper in late 2011. Speaker Slipper wore traditional dress with a white long tie or bow tie. He wore a wing collar with white bow tie and bands on the occasion of his first formal procession into parliament. Speaker Burke returned to the Labor practice of wearing normal business clothes.

Michelle Forbes

Michelle Forbes (born January 8, 1965 in Austin, Texas) is an American actress who has performed in many movies and television programs. She was in the series "True Blood", "", "Guiding Light" and "Homicide: Life on the Street"; she was also in "Swimming with Sharks" and "Escape from L.A.". She also had other projects besides these.

Huell Howser

Huell Burnley Howser (October 18, 1945 – January 7, 2013) was an American actor, comedian, and television personality who is best known for the travel television show "California's Gold".

Howser was born Huell Burnley Howser in Gallatin, Tennessee on October 18, 1945. He studied at University of Tennessee in Knoxville, Tennessee. He was raised in both Knoxville, Tennessee, and in Los Angeles, California.

On January 7, 2013, at 1:11 AM, Howser died in Palm Springs, California of prostate cancer at the age of 67.


Bud Luckey

William Everett "Bud" Luckey (July 28, 1934 – February 24, 2018) was an American animator, artist, cartoonist, composer, designer, musician, singer and voice actor. He was known for designing some of the Disney-Pixar characters such as in "Toy Story", "Monsters, Inc.", "Ratatouille", "Toy Story 2", and in "Toy Story 3". He won an Clio Award and an Annie Award in 2004.

Luckey was born on July 28, 1934 in Billings, Montana. He studied at Chouinard Art Institute and at University of Southern California. He had a son, Andy Luckey. Luckey died after stroke in Newtown, Connecticut on February 24, 2018. He was 83 years old. "Incredibles 2" was dedicated to his memory.

David R. Ellis

David Richard Ellis (September 8, 1952 – January 7, 2013) was an American child actor, movie director, and stuntman. He is known for directing "Snakes on a Plane", "Final Destination", "Cellular", and "Shark Night".

Ellis was born on September 8, 1952 in Santa Monica, California. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Ellis was the brother of Annie Ellis. He had a son, Twany Ellis. Ellis died aged 60 in his hotel room on January 7, 2013 in Johannesburg, South Africa. At the end of his life he was directing "Kite".

Hailee Steinfeld

Hailee Steinfeld (born December 11, 1996) is an American actress and singer. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress on the 2010 remake movie "True Grit".

Hailee Steinfeld was born in Tarzana, Los Angeles. Her mother is Cheri (née Domasin), an interior designer. Her father is Peter Steinfeld, a personal fitness trainer. Her father is Jewish and her mother is of African American, English, Filipino, Irish, Scottish and German descent. Her maternal grandfather, Ricardo Domasin is a Filipino, from Bohol, Philippines. Her older brother, Griffin, is a stock car driver. Steinfeld calls him her best friend on some of her Tweets. She was raised in Agoura Hills and in Thousand Oaks, California. She attended Ascension Lutheran School, Conejo Elementary, and Colina Middle School. She has been home-schooled since 2008, because of bullying.

Hailee Steinfeld started acting when she was ten years old, appearing in various short films, like the role of Talia Alden in "She's a Fox." She also had several appearances in TV shows and commercials. At the age of thirteen, she was chosen to play Mattie Ross in the Coen brothers' western movie "True Grit," which was released in December 2010. Her performance was praised by critics, with Richard Corliss from Time magazine calling it one of the top 10 film performances of 2010. He noted that Steinfeld delivered her lines naturally, portrayed the character convincingly, and won the hearts of the audience. Roger Ebert, the Los Angeles Times, and Rolling Stone also gave positive reviews of her performance. This role earned Hailee Steinfeld an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress in 2011. Just five months after "True Grit" was released, she was chosen as the new face of the Italian designer brand Miu Miu.

Free as a Bird

Free as a Bird may mean:

Erin Gray

Erin Gray (born January 7, 1950, Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television programs. She played Kate Summers in the 1980s sitcom "Silver Spoons". She also acted in a few movies.

Patrice O'Neal

Patrice Lumumba Malcolm Oneal (December 7, 1969 – November 29, 2011) was an American comedian, radio and television personality, and actor who is known for his type 2 diabetes health jokes and for his insult comedy.

O'Neal was born on December 7, 1969 in New York City, New York. He was raised in Boston, Massachusetts. O'Neal studied at West Roxbury High School and at Northeastern University. During his career he was influenced by George Carlin, Eddie Murphy, and by Richard Pryor. O'Neal had one child, Aymilyon. O'Neal died on November 29, 2011 from a diabetic stroke in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 41.


Plessis-Saint-Jean

Plessis-Saint-Jean is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Accolay, Yonne

Accolay is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Deux Rivières.

Aigremont, Yonne

Aigremont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Aillant-sur-Tholon

Aillant-sur-Tholon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Aisy-sur-Armançon

Aisy-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ancy-le-Franc

Ancy-le-Franc is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ancy-le-Libre

Ancy-le-Libre is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Andryes

Andryes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Angely

Angely is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annay-la-Côte

Annay-la-Côte is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annay-sur-Serein

Annay-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annéot

Annéot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annoux

Annoux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Appoigny

Appoigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Arces-Dilo

Arces-Dilo is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Arcy-sur-Cure

Arcy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Argentenay

Argentenay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Argenteuil-sur-Armançon

Argenteuil-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Armeau

Armeau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Arthonnay

Arthonnay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Asnières-sous-Bois

Asnières-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Asquins

Asquins is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Athie, Yonne

Athie is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Augy, Yonne

Augy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Avallon

Avallon is a French commune. It is in the south of the Yonne department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, to the southeast of Paris, and is a subprefecture in the department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Avallon.

The city of Avallon is in the southeastern part of the Yonne department. The city is on small hills along the Cousin river, a river that flows mainly in the Yonne department.

The "commune" of Avallon has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city of Avallon is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for Avallon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Avallon are known, in French, as "Avallonnais" (women: "Avallonnaises").

With a population of 7025, Avallon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Avallon

Avallon is a subprefecture of the Yonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Avallon and the administrative centre () of the canton Avallon formed by 27 "communes", with 14,851 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Avallon, Vézelay, Morvan" ().

Avallon is twinned with:


Some interesting places in Avallon are:



Bagneaux

Bagneaux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Baon

Baon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Joan Van Ark

Joan Van Ark (born June 16, 1943 in New York City) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television series. She played Valene Ewing in the soap opera series "Knots Landing". She also played Gloria Fisher Abbott in CBS' daytime soap opera "The Young and the Restless". She appeared in other programs as well.

Supertramp (album)

Supertramp is the first album of Supertramp. A&M Records released it in July 1970, but it was not released in the United States until 1977. Supertramp recorded this album in June 1970 in Willesden. Richard Palmer wrote all the lyrics of the songs. Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson wrote all the music.


Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association

The Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association (CAAMA) is an Australian organisation that supports Aboriginal music and culture. It was created as a public radio station in 1980, and started broadcasting in Alice Springs in 1988. CAAMA now operates several companies in the communications, music, film and radio industries. CAAMA Productions is currently the largest indigenous production studio in Australia.

The CAAMA Group includes:


Division of Lalor

The Division of Lalor is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of Victoria. It is located in the outer western suburbs of Melbourne. It includes the suburbs of Werribee, Point Cook, Laverton, Rockbank and Melton.

The Division was drawn up on 11 May 1949, for the 1949 Federal election. It was named after Peter Lalor, the leader of the miners at the Eureka Stockade, and a former member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. 

Barry Jones was the Minister for Science under Bob Hawke and Labor National President. Jim Cairns, was the Treasurer and Deputy Prime Minister under Gough Whitlam. As Julia Gillard was Deputy Prime Minister prior to becoming Prime Minister, Lalor is the only federal electorate to have been held by two Deputy Prime Ministers.


Bassou

Bassou is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bazarnes

Bazarnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Beaumont, Yonne

Beaumont is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bernouil

Bernouil is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Béru

Béru is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bessy-sur-Cure

Bessy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Beauvilliers, Yonne

Beauvilliers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Beauvoir, Yonne

Beauvoir is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Beine

Beine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bellechaume

Bellechaume is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Belliole

La Belliole is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Abrest

Abrest is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Agonges

Agonges is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ainay-le-Château

Ainay-le-Château is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Andelaroche

Andelaroche is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Archignat

Archignat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Arfeuilles

Arfeuilles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Arpheuilles-Saint-Priest

Arpheuilles-Saint-Priest is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Arronnes

Arronnes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Aubigny, Allier

Aubigny is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Audes

Audes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Aurouër

Aurouër is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Autry-Issards

Autry-Issards is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Avermes

Avermes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Avrilly, Allier

Avrilly is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Richard Blanco

Richard Blanco is an American poet.

He was born in Madrid, Spain on February 15, 1968. His family had just left Cuba. Then the family went to New York. After that, they moved to Miami, Florida. He grew up there.
Blanco graduated from Florida International University in Civil Engineering in 1991. Then he got a Masters in Fine Arts in Creative Writing in 1997. 

After 1999, he traveled and lived in Guatemala and Brazil. He taught at Georgetown University, American University, and Central Connecticut State University. Later, he returned to Miami and lived there. Now he lives in Maine. 

In January 2013 he read his poem "One Today" at the second inauguration (swearing-in ceremony) of America's President Barack Obama.

His work has appeared in some magazines. These include "The Nation", "Ploughshares", "Indiana Review", "Michigan Quarterly Review", "TriQuarterly Review", "New England Review", and "Americas Review".






Bagneux, Allier

Bagneux is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Villefranche-d'Allier

Villefranche-d'Allier is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-sur-Allier

Villeneuve-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Viplaix

Viplaix is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vitray

Vitray is a former commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Meaulne-Vitray.


Voussac

Voussac is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Barberier

Barberier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Barrais-Bussolles

Barrais-Bussolles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bayet

Bayet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Beaulon

Beaulon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Beaune-d'Allier

Beaune-d'Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bègues

Bègues is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bellenaves

Bellenaves is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bellerive-sur-Allier

Bellerive-sur-Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bert, Allier

Bert is a French commune that is in the Allier department in the center of France.



Bessay-sur-Allier

Bessay-sur-Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Besson, Allier

Besson is a French commune that is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bézenet

Bézenet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Billezois

Billezois is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Billy, Allier

Billy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Biozat

Biozat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bizeneuille

Bizeneuille is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Busset

Busset is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Blomard

Blomard is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bost, Allier

Bost is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Boucé, Allier

Boucé is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bransat

Bransat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Bouchaud

Le Bouchaud is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bourbon-l'Archambault

Bourbon-l'Archambault is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Janice Dickinson

Janice Doreen Dickinson (who was born on February 15, 1955) is an American model who was very popular in 1970s and 1980s. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City and is of Polish maternal descent. She has been on the cover of many magazines, which include "Vogue", "Marie Claire" and "Cosmopolitan". She has been on several reality television shows.

In March 2016, it was revealed that Dickinson has been diagnosed with breast cancer.

Braize

Braize is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bresnay

Bresnay is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bressolles, Allier

Bressolles is a French commune that is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Brethon

Le Brethon is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Breuil, Allier

Le Breuil is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Broût-Vernet

Broût-Vernet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Brugheas

Brugheas is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Buxières-les-Mines

Buxières-les-Mines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Celle, Allier

La Celle is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.



Cérilly, Allier

Cérilly is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cesset

Cesset is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chabanne

La Chabanne is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France. In 2017, 186 people lived there.



Chambérat

Chambérat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chamblet

Chamblet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chantelle, Allier

Chantelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chapeau, Allier

Chapeau is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chapelaude

La Chapelaude is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chapelle, Allier

La Chapelle is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chapelle-aux-Chasses

La Chapelle-aux-Chasses is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chappes, Allier

Chappes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chareil-Cintrat

Chareil-Cintrat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Charmeil

Charmeil is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Charmes, Allier

Charmes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Charroux, Allier

Charroux is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chassenard

Chassenard is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Château-sur-Allier

Château-sur-Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtel-de-Neuvre

Châtel-de-Neuvre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ygrande

Ygrande is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Yzeure

Yzeure is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtel-Montagne

Châtel-Montagne is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtelperron

Châtelperron is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtelus, Allier

Châtelus is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtillon, Allier

Châtillon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chazemais

Chazemais is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chavenon

Chavenon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chavroches

Chavroches is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chemilly, Allier

Chemilly is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chevagnes

Chevagnes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chezelle

Chezelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chézy, Allier

Chézy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chirat-l'Église

Chirat-l'Église is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chouvigny

Chouvigny is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cindré

Cindré is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cognat-Lyonne

Cognat-Lyonne is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Colombier, Allier

Colombier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Commentry

Commentry is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France. Today, about 6500 people live in the city. The city developed, because of the coal reserves that were found nearby. After the Second World War, a chemical industry developed. The other pillar of the industry was a steel mill, which is also in the city. In 1882, the first socialist mayor of France is elected in Commentry, Christophe Thivrier. In 1902, the Socialist Party of France was founded in Commentry. The city of COmmentry only lies 8 km from the geographical center of France itself.


Contigny

Contigny is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cosne-d'Allier

Cosne-d'Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Coulandon

Coulandon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Coulanges, Allier

Coulanges is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Couleuvre

Couleuvre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Courçais

Courçais is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Coutansouze

Coutansouze is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Couzon

Couzon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Créchy

Créchy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cressanges

Cressanges is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Creuzier-le-Neuf

Creuzier-le-Neuf is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Creuzier-le-Vieux

Creuzier-le-Vieux is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.

Deneuille-lès-Chantelle

Deneuille-lès-Chantelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cusset

Cusset is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Deneuille-les-Mines

Deneuille-les-Mines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Désertines, Allier

Désertines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Deux-Chaises

Deux-Chaises is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Diou, Allier

Diou is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Domérat

Domérat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Dompierre-sur-Besbre

Dompierre-sur-Besbre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Doyet

Doyet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Droiturier

Droiturier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Durdat-Larequille

Durdat-Larequille is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ébreuil

Ébreuil is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Échassières

Échassières is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vicq, Allier

Vicq is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Murat, Allier

Murat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Nades

Nades is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Nassigny

Nassigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.



Naves, Allier

Naves is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Petite-Marche

La Petite-Marche is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Escurolles

Escurolles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Espinasse-Vozelle

Espinasse-Vozelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Estivareilles, Allier

Estivareilles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France. It is about 10 km north of Montluçon on the right-hand side of the Cher river. There is a lavoir (a public washing basin), a lantern of the dead and a church from the nineteenth century.


Étroussat

Étroussat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Koobi Fora

Koobi Fora is a region around Koobi Fora Ridge, on the eastern shore of Lake Turkana, Kenya. It is in the territory of the nomadic Gabbra people. The term East Turkana can be used for the whole area.

The ridge is an outcrop of mainly Pliocene/Pleistocene sediments. It is composed of claystones, siltstones, and sandstones that preserve numerous fossils of land mammals, including early hominin species. The ridge is being eroded into a badlands terrain by a series of ephemeral rivers that drain into the northeast portion of modern Lake Turkana. 

In 1968 Richard Leakey established the Koobi Fora Base Camp on a large sandspit projecting into the lake near the ridge, which he called the Koobi Fora Spit. A survey and numerous excavations showed the region was a source of hominin fossils from the last 4.2 million years. Far exceeding the number of humanoid fossils are the non-humanoid fossils, which give us a look at the fauna and flora as far back as the Miocene.

In 1973, the government of Kenya reserved the region as Sibiloi National Park, establishing a headquarters for the National Museums of Kenya on Koobi Fora Spit. The reserve is well-maintained and is well-guarded by friendly but armed park police. Protection of sites and especially of wildlife are of prime concern.

Exploration and excavation are done by the Koobi Fora Research Project (KFRP), which collaborates with universities and individuals around the world.

The simple hierarchy of scientific places for Koobi Fora is the following: Koobi Fora is the region; the region is divided into fossil collecting areas; within fossil collection areas there are archaeological sites and hominid paleontological localities. 

Locating and referencing the hundreds of sites in the Koobi Fora region has been an ongoing process. The entire reservation was divided into somewhat over 100 numbered areas. In the year 2000 the KFRP went over to a GPS system.

Some notable areas are as follows.

The first archaeological site, i.e., FxJj 1, was found in Area 105. It is nicknamed the KBS site for Kay Behrensmeyer Site, after the researcher who first found stone tools there. This site is also the place where the first tuff was found, i.e., the KBS Tuff.

It is known as the location of skull 1470, discovered by Bernard Ngeneo in 1972, reconstructed by Meave Leakey, later reconstructed and named "Homo habilis" by Richard Leakey, as possibly the first of the genus "Homo", and finally "Homo rudolfensis". Richard Leakey found it 45 m below the 1.89 my KBS tuff; thus, it is older than that date, but is conventionally dated to it.

Searching for and finding fossils in such a large area is another difficult problem. One solution has been to organize all persons present into a group to sweep a designated area. Richard Leakey devised a method that produced better results: he organized and trained a search team of Kenyans, which became known as "the hominid gang", under the leadership of Kamoya Kimeu. They have discovered the majority of the fossil Hominins, which currently amount to over 200.

Koobi Fora is perhaps best known for its specimens of the genus "Homo", but those of the genus "Australopithecus" also have been found. The following species are represented:

"Australopithecus" and "Homo" seem to have coexisted in the region for about one million years. One possible explanation is different food sources. It is believed that "Australopithecus" became extinct and "Homo" went on to generate later species.

Large quantities of stone tools have been found at Koobi Fora both on the surface and in caches, which have dates of their own, but are seldom in association with hominins. No other candidates for their manufacture have been found, however. The tools are Oldowan and Acheulean. The Koobi Fora community has devised the following teminology to describe three local industries:

With the change from Olduwan to Acheulean technique, hominins got more of a return for a given output of energy and could do more. The chief technological development was the edge of the handax. The advantage of the "core reduction strategy" was more and thinner flakes per mass of cores. More and better flakes meant better use of carcasses and therefore a need for fewer carcasses, less hunting, etc. Moreover, the increased number of flakes available made ranging farther from the source of the stone possible and gave more staying power to the hunt.

Koobi Fora is underlain by Pliocene basalts and filled with nearly 600 meters of Pliocene-Pleistocene sediments, dating from about four-million to one-million years ago.

Most early human fossils and archaeological remains come from the upper portion of the Burgi Member, the KBS Member, and the Okote Member. The members reflect changing environments in the Turkana Basin, from lake and delta ones during Burgi Member times to rivers and floodplains in Okote Member times.

The stratigraphy of the Koobi Fora Formation is one of the best studied and calibrated in East Africa. Controversial dating of the KBS Tuff during the 1970s helped to spearhead the development of modern potassium/argon and argon/argon geological dating methods. In addition, the unique fusion between geochronology and mammal evolutionary studies has made the Koobi Fora Formation a standard for all of Pliocene-Pleistocene Africa.

Ferrières-sur-Sichon

Ferrières-sur-Sichon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Suzanne Cleary

Suzanne Cleary is an American poet. She was born in Binghamton, New York. She grew up there. She has an M.A. in Writing from Washington University, and a Ph.D. in Literature and Criticism from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. She is Professor of English at State University of New York at Rockland.

"I love to read poems where I think the poet includes something that may not work or almost doesn't work. To me that's an exciting kind of risk."






Layne Staley

Layne Thomas Staley (August 22, 1967 – April 5, 2002) was an American musician. He was the lead singer of the rock band Alice in Chains. He was born in the city of Kirkland, Washington.

Layne Staley first played in a band called Sleze which consisted of Shorewood High School students as well as future members of the bands The Dehumanizers and Second Coming. The band morphed into Alice 'N Chains in 1986 and mostly played cover versions of Slayer and Armored Saint songs. Alice 'N Chains disbanded and Staley joined a funk band afterwards. The band needed a guitarist so Staley asked Jerry Cantrell to be a sideman for the band. Cantrell agreed but only if Staley joined his band. After the funk band disbanded, Staley joined Cantrell's band full-time and they renamed the band Alice in Chains.

While he was with Alice in Chains, They released their debut album "Facelift" which featured the hit single, "Man in the Box" which was written by Staley. They then released an EP called "SAP" on February 4, 1992 and released their second studio album "Dirt" on September 29, 1992. 

The band didn't tour for "Dirt" very long because of Staley's drug addiction. Cantrell often wrote the lyrics for the band but Staley wrote more songs as time went on and was eventually credited with writing half of the band's catalog until their fourth studio album, "Black Gives Way to Blue". When Staley wrote lyrics, they were often about dealing with his personal problems like drug use and depression.

The other band members decided not to tour for their third studio EP "Jar of Flies" because of Staley's condition becoming progressively worse. Staley decided that he would enter a rehabilitation clinic after Jar of Flies and started a side project with Mike McCready of Pearl Jam and Barrett Martin of Screaming Trees called The Gacy Bunch. They later changed their name to Mad Season. During his time in Mad Season, they released 1 studio album, "Above" which featured the singles "River of Deceit" and "I Don't Know Anything".

Staley's physical condition was changing during the hiatus of Alice in Chains and his addiction started to become more known to the public. Alice in Chains reunited to record the self-titled album "Alice in Chains", also commonly referred to as "Tripod" and it was released on November 7, 1995.

In October 1996, Staley's ex-fiancée, Demri Lara Parrott, died from complications caused by drug use. Her death made Staley even more depressed. He removed himself from the spotlight until he joined Alice in Chains at the Grammy Awards in 1997 after the song "Again" was nominated for "Best Hard Rock Performance". He recorded two songs for the Music Bank box set and producer Dave Jerden said that "Staley weighed 80 pounds…and was white as a ghost." 

Staley hardly left his condo from 1999 to 2002. 

On April 19, 2002, police kicked in Staley's apartment door to find Staley dead on his couch. His autopsy reported that a combination of heroin and cocaine known as a "speedball" that he had injected was a factor in his death. Staley was reported to be 6'1" and weigh only 86 pounds when his body was discovered, mainly because of his body decomposing due to him being discovered two weeks after his death.


Montluçon

Montluçon is a "commune" in central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, on the Cher river. It is the "commune" in the department with largest population, although the department's "préfecture" is in the smaller city of Moulins.

The town is the historical capital of the old province of "Bourbonnais" and was part of the mediaeval Duchy of Bourbon.

Montluçon was built in the Middle Ages. The first mention of a place called "Monte Lucii" is from the eleventh century. Guillaume, son of Archambaud IV of Bourbon, built a castle on a small rocky hill on the Cher river.

The town, which formed part of the duchy of Bourbon, was taken by the English in 1171, and by Philip II of France in 1181; finally, in the 14th century, the English had to leave the town.

In the 14th century, Louis II de Bourbon re-built the castle and walls of the town. Montluçon and other Burgundian lands went back to the French crown in 1529, and Henry IV further improved the defenses.

The "commune" of Montluçon is on the northwestern part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, on the northern part of the Massif Central. The city is on the Cher river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city is from Moulins, from Clermont-Ferrand and from Paris.

Montluçon is surrounded by the "communes" Saint-Victor, Désertines, Saint-Angel, Néris-les-Bains, Lavault-Sainte-Anne, Prémilhat and Domérat.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Montluçon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The inhabitants of Montluçon are known, in French, as "Montluçonnais" (women: "Montluçonnaises").

With a population of 37,289, Montluçon is the largest city of the Allier department. It has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montluçon

Montluçon forms, with other 6 "communes", the urban area of Montluçon with a population of 56,928 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Montluçon, formed by 38 "communes", with a population of 78,702 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Montluçon is a subprefecture of the Allier department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montluçon and the administrative centre () of four cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Montluçon Communauté".

Montluçon is twinned with:

Some interesting places in Montluçon are:




Steel mill

A Steel mill or steelworks is an industrial plant where steel is manufactured. Steel is an alloy of carbon and iron. Usually steel is produced in two stages: First, iron ore is reduced (or smelted) with coke and limestone. This is done in a blast furnace, and the result is pig iron. The part that is not used for pig iron is carried on as "molten iron". Impurities are removed, and alloying elements such as manganese, nickel, chromium and vanadium are added to produce the exact steel required. Steel mills then turn molten steel into blooms, ingots, slabs and sheet through casting, hot rolling and cold rolling.

Shelley Long

Shelley Long (born on August 23, 1949 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American television actress. She received several Emmy and Golden Globe Awards for her role as Diane Chambers in the sitcom "Cheers". She was also in a few movies.

Caserta

Caserta is a city in Campania in Italy. In Caserta there are 1 million people. The main building of Caserta is the Reggia di Caserta in Italian or 'a' regg' e' 'casert ' in Napolitan dialect.

Jane Curtin

Jane Curtin (born September 6, 1947, Massachusetts) is an American comedian and actress. She received several Emmy Awards for her acting. She played Allison Lowell in the sitcom "Kate & Allie". She played Mary in "3rd Rock from the Sun".

Lantern of the dead

A Lantern of the Dead is a free-standing structure much like a tower. They were built during the Middle Ages mostly in central France. In the upper part of the structure there is an opening, which can hold a light. Most of these larnerns were built in the 12th and 13th century. Their exact function is unclear, as there are no written sources about them. One of the theories states that they were built to satisfy different other beliefs, which had been around before Christianity. One of the ideas was that the deceased needed a light to find their way home. 
Lanterns of the dead exist in different forms: cylindrical, square, as a hexagon, or polygon, as a column. Sometimes they are attached to a chapel.

Lavoir

A lavoir is a public place where people were able to wash their clothes. Very often, these basins were near a river. Such places were built from about the 18th century onwards. Today, many have been restored and are tourist attractions.

Judith Krantz

Judith Krantz (January 9, 1928 – June 22, 2019) was an American author. She mostly wrote romance novels. One of them is "Till We Meet Again". She wrote freelance articles for "Cosmopolitan" and "Ladies' Home Journal". She was born in New York City.

Krantz died on June 22, 2019, at her home in the Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles. She was 91.

James M. Buchanan

James McGill Buchanan, Jr. (October 3, 1919 – January 9, 2013) was an American economist and educator. He is known for his public choice theory. His theories helped scientists figure out political science. Buchanan won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1968 for his theory.

Buchanan was born on October 3, 1919 in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. His ancestry includes Scottish and Irish. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois and in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Buchanan studied at University of Chicago, at the University of Tennessee, and at the State Teachers College, Murfreesboro.

Buchanan is the founder of a new Virginia school of political economy. Buchanan is largely responsible for the rebirth of political economy in the second half of 20th century.
The term "constitutional economics" was used by James M. Buchanan as a name for a new academic sub-discipline. Buchanan’s work in 1986 brought him the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for his "development of the contractual and constitutional bases for the theory of economic and political decision-making."
Buchanan rejects "any organic conception of the state" as superior in wisdom, to the citizens of this state." This philosophical position forms the basis of constitutional economics. Buchanan believes that every constitution is created for at least several generations of citizens. It must be able to balance interests of the state, society, and each individual.

In 2001 Buchanan received an honorary doctoral degree from Universidad Francisco Marroquín, in Guatemala City, Guatemala, for his contribution to economics.
The "New York Times" commented that the Nobel Prize-winning economist who championed public choice theory influenced a "generation of conservative thinking about deficits, taxes, and the size of government".

He was influenced by Frank Knight, Knut Wicksell, and by Ludwig von Mises. He has influenced Elinor Ostrom.

He was married to Ann Bakke from 1945 until his death in 2013. They had no children. Buchanan died on January 9, 2013, in Blacksburg, Virginia. He was 93 and he died from natural causes.



The Last Stand

The Last Stand is a 2013 American action crime movie. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Forest Whitaker star. The earlier plays Ray Owens, and the latter plays John Bannister. This action drama also has Johnny Knoxville acting in it.


Ronald Gamarra Herrera

Dr. Ronald Álex Gamarra Herrera (born December 10 1958) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. From 2008-2010 he was Executive Secretary of the Coordinadora Nacional de Derechos Humanos (National Coordinator for Human Rights of Peru) and one of the lawyers representing the civil parties -the families of the Barrios Altos and La Cantuta victims- in the proceedings against former president Alberto Fujimori.

Gamarra Herrera was born in Lima in 1958. He studied law at the National University of San Marcos. He studied for a Master's degree in Law from the National Defense University, funded by the United States Department of Defense. He is currently a professor at the Faculty of Law and Political Science at the National University of San Marcos. 

Vincent Forrester

Vincent Forrester (born 1952) is an Aboriginal Australian activist, artist and community leader. Forrester was a founding member of a number of Aboriginal organisations in central Australia. He lives at Muṯitjulu, where he has served as the chairman of the community council. During the 1980s, he served as an advisor on indigenous affairs to the governments of Malcolm Fraser and Bob Hawke.

Forrester has been a prominent political activist on issues affecting indigenous Australians for many years. He has been a strong critic of the Intervention in the Northern Territory, and the lack of economic and educational development in communities affected by it.

Forrester was born in 1952 in Alice Springs. His family is a mixture of Luritja and Arranda, but one of his grandfathers was Scottish. Vincent grew up on a cattle station in the Angas Downs area. He learned from his grandparents about the sacred legends associated with his country, and about bush foods and bush medicine. He went through initiation when he reached maturity.

As a young teenager, Forrester worked as a station-hand and stockman. Later, he worked in an abattoir. For three years, he served in the army in Townsville. At various other times he worked as a horse-riding clown and a rodeo rider.

Forrester's first language is Luritja, but he also speaks English and Arrernte.

Forrester has been an activist for Aboriginal Australians for most of his life. While growing up in Angas Downs in the 1960s, Forrester grew angry with what he saw as a lack of human rights for indigenous people. He rebelled against the government's assimilation policies during his school years, and then joined the campaign for indigenous land rights.

During the 1970s, after returning from the army, Forrester helped to set up the Central Australian Aboriginal Congress (CAAC), a health care service for indigenous people. He served as a field officer, and then later as its secretary. He also helped to set up the Central Land Council. In 1982, he represented Australia at the first session of the United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Populations, held in Geneva. In the middle of the 1980s, he helped to set up the Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association (CAAMA). He has served as the organisation's treasurer, manager, and as a board member of its television network, Imparja.

In November 1977, aged in his mid-20s, Forrester became a founding member of the National Aboriginal Conference (NAC). He was elected chairman for the Northern Territory in October 1981. In this position, he would serve as an advisor to the governments of Malcolm Fraser and Bob Hawke on matters relating to indigenous people.

In 1979, a group called the National Aboriginal Government occupied Capital Hill in Canberra and set up the Tent Embassy. Kevin Gilbert and other protesters demanded that the federal government enter into negotiations for a treaty with Aboriginal people. Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser said he would only discuss the matter with the NAC, since it was the only elected body representing Aboriginals. Shortly after, the NAC began working on a draft proposal for this treaty. The government was opposed to the word "treaty", so the NAC chose to use a Yolgnu word, "Makarrata".

After his appointment as the NAC chairman for the Northern Territory, Forrester was put on the subcommittee in charge of drafting the "Makarrata" proposal. The proposal was for a treaty that recognised the sovereignty of Aboriginal nations in Australia. People wanted the government of Australia to deal with Aboriginal nations as it would deal with another sovereign nation under international law. Through the 1980s, the support for this treaty amongst Aboriginal people grew steadily. After talking with Aboriginal communities in his home region, Forrester was convinced that his people were in favour of a treaty. He argued, however, that the negotiations should be done under the oversight of the United Nations.

The NAC was dissolved by the Hawke government in 1985. Despite this, planning on the content and principles of the "Makarrata" proposal continued, with Forrester staying very involved. The campaign for the treaty remained strong through the 1980s, reaching its height in 1988. Forrester did an interview with Kevin Gilbert about it on CAAMA radio in 1989.

As more and more Aboriginal people around Uluṟu became involved in tourism, Forrester began working as a tour guide at Kings Canyon. He later became a ranger for Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park, and a mentor at Alice Springs Desert Park, training young Aboriginal people as guides and park rangers. He believed tourism and conservation had excellent opportunities for Aboriginal people. He was firmly against any economic development that comes from uranium mining. A lot of central Australian communities depend on grants to mining companies for income, but Forrester argues that this reliance must be broken.

While working in tourism, Forrester became outspoken about the lack of job opportunities for indigenous people living in the centre of Australia. Because of this, he said, the communities were living in poverty, and that the situation would continue to get worse until the federal government began talking to the communities directly. A lot of the problem, Forrester claimed, was due to racism. He called the situation "economic apartheid". He also acknowledged, however, that most people from indigenous-speaking communities lacked the literacy in English needed to keep a job. Most adults could not read and write, and the younger people did not have enough access to education. As a result, Forrester worked for several years in developing school curricula. In May 2011, the Ayers Rock Resort at Yulara was sold to the Indigenous Land Corporation. At the time of the sale, two out of the 700 people working at the resort were indigenous. At the start of 2013, it was reported that the number of indigenous workers had risen to 170; 35% of them were from Muṯitjulu.

Despite being critical of Malcolm Fraser whilst he was in office, Forrester later reflected that Fraser was one of the few Prime Ministers who sat down to talk with indigenous communities about issues affecting them.

In 2006, an ABC television program reported that children in Muṯitjulu as young as five had contracted sexually transmitted diseases and that girls were being prostituted for petrol. Indigenous Affairs Minister Mal Brough claimed that children at Muṯitjulu were being sexually abused. This caused serious anger from Muṯitjulu leaders. When Brough visited the community in October, Forrester shouted at the minister and demanded that he say sorry.

A formal inquiry later found that alcoholism and child sexual abuse were widespread in remote Aboriginal communities of the Territory. In response, in 2007, the government of John Howard introduced a series of measures aimed at addressing the problem. It is often referred to as "the intervention". The measures were seen as racially discriminatory by many people, including Forrester. He was already a leader in Muṯitjulu at the time. In February 2008, he travelled to the Tent Embassy in Canberra to hear the new Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, formally say sorry to the members of the Stolen Generations. While he was there, he talked with other indigenous people from the Territory about the effects of the intervention. The group then met with politicians at Parliament House to discuss their demands. Forrester called the intervention an "occupation" of indigenous lands by the military, and demanded that the polices be stopped. He encouraged Aboriginal people in the Territory to disobey the intervention laws in protest.

Forrester argued that the social problems can be avoided if the government provides the right kind of schools and services. Despite statistics showing that the number of sex crimes against children in Muṯitjulu was going down, Forrester maintained that the community was still in crisis. He pointed to the fact that the population of Muṯitjulu had also decreased by more than 40%; people were leaving. Forrester claimed that the government has been too slow in dealing with the source of the problem (jobs and education), and that life in Muṯitjulu has only gotten worse since the intervention laws.

In 2009, Forrester was made chairman of the Muṯitjulu Community Council. Around this time his brother was accused of corruption and Vincent with the rest of the community council board forced his brother's resignation. He now lives on the outskirts of Alice Springs semi-retired but also a member of the National First Nations Uluru Constitutional Convention Board

Forrester began painting in the early 1990s. He paints stories from the Dreamtime. He has said that his art represents a story and a "spiritual legacy" for his descendants. Originally, he used acrylic paints, but he has since began using natural ground-up paint made at Uluṟu. Traditional methods, tools and techniques are used to grind natural pigments into powder form, and then mixed with a binder to become a thick, sticky paint. The colours Forrester uses in his paintings are the traditional colours used for ceremonial body paint.

His painting "Resurrection at Mutitujulu Waterhole", done using these methods, was chosen as a finalist for the Togart Contemporary Art Award in 2012. It depicts the waterhole at Uluṟu, and the story of (rainbow serpent). It was part of a series dedicated to women.


Division of Warringah

The Division of Warringah is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
It is located in the Northern Beaches region of Sydney. It covers most of the land between Middle Harbour and the Pacific Ocean. It extends from Port Jackson in the south to the suburb of Dee Why in the north. It includes the suburbs of Mosman, Balgowlah, Manly, Brookvale, Beacon Hill and Forestville.

The Division was named after the Warringah area of Sydney. This is an Aboriginal Australian word which means "rain", "waves" or "sea". The Division was created on 13 September 1922, for the 1922 Federal election. The seat is currently a safe Liberal seat. It has always been held by a member of a conservative party. It is currently held by Zali Steggall.


Division of Lowe

The Division of Lowe was a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. It was located in the inner western suburbs of Sydney, on the south shore of the Parramatta River. It included the suburbs of Drummoyne, Five Dock, Croydon, Croydon Park, Burwood, Enfield, Homebush, Strathfield, Concord, Rhodes, Canada Bay, Cabarita, Abbotsford and Mortlake.

The Division was named after the Rt Hon Robert Lowe, 1st Viscount Sherbrooke. Lowe had been a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, and former Home Secretary of the United Kingdom. The Division was created in 11 May 1949, for the 1949 federal election. It was first held by Sir William McMahon, who held the seat for over 32 years, until 1982. He was Prime Minister 1971-72. 

In 2009 the seat of Lowe was abolished. Most of the area was added to the nearby Division of Reid.


There was a by-election in Lowe in 1982 after Sir William McMahon resigned from the parliament.

Maroda

Maroada is a small village in Patti Kandwalsyun, Pauri Garhwal, Uttarakhand, India. It is in the mountains of Uttarakhand. It is only 9 km away from Devpryag, on the way to Pauri. Devpryag is a very famous pilgrimage for Hindus as it is the starting point of the Holy river Ganga. The village is in the foot-hills of Jai Daanda Nagraja Mandir.

Indelibly Stamped

Indelibly Stamped is the second studio album of Supertramp. A&M Records released it in June 1971. "Indelibly Stamped" was Supertramp's first album that was released in the United States. Supertramp recorded this album in April and May 1971 in London.

All songs written by Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson, except where noted.

All lead vocals by Rick Davies, except where noted.


Production

The Carrie Diaries

The Carrie Diaries is an American television series. It is a prequel to the program "Sex and the City". The subject of this series is Carrie Bradshaw during the 1980s in Connecticut and New York City. Carrie is played by AnnaSophia Robb. The show was cancelled by The CW on May 8, 2014.

Udhampur

Udhampur () is a city and a sub-district of Udhampur District in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is the headquarters of the district's government.

Chloe Bridges

Chloe Bridges (born December 27, 1991) is an American actress. She works mostly in movies. She has also done some television programs. She starred in the comedic drama "Forget Me Nots", and played Donna in "The Carrie Diaries". She was born in Houma, Louisiana.

Bridges married actor and comedian Adam DeVine in 2021.

Palaeoptera

The Palaeoptera is the group of primitive (basal) winged insects which do not fold the wings back over the abdomen, as Neoptera do. Most of them are extinct; the living ones are the Ephemeroptera (mayflies) and Odonata (dragonflies and damselflies).

The Palaeoptera may not be monophyletic: the issue is not yet settled. On the other hand, the Neoptera definitely are monophyletic. 

The absence of wing-folding does not necessarily mean the Palaeoptera form a natural group. They may just be a group of insects that "are not Neoptera", in other words, a wastebasket taxon. As it stands, the relationship of the two living Paleopteran groups to the Neoptera is unclear.

Probably the concept of Palaeoptera will be changed to better reflect insect evolution. In any case, three main palaeopteran lineages, traditionally treated as superorders, are recognized. Of these, the Palaeodictyopteroidea themselves might also be a paraphyletic assemblage of very basal Pterygota.



Tracie Spencer

Tracie Spencer (born July 12, 1976 in Waterloo, Iowa) is an American R&B and pop singer. She has had several hit singles. Her singles are "This House", "Hide & Seek" and "Tender Kisses". Her first album, "Tracie Spencer", was in 1988. Her second album "Make the Difference" was in 1990.

Broughton, Nova Scotia

Broughton (2001 pop.: 24) was a former town in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality about 12 miles from the former city of Sydney, Nova Scotia. Expected to be a boomtown when first settled, it was mostly abandoned when mining operations failed. 
During the First World War, Broughton was used by the 185th Cape Breton Highlanders as training ground. During this time the famous Broughton Arms Hotel burned to the ground in April 1916. The Hotel is believed to have had North America's first revolving door.
Broughton was first settled at the turn of the 20th century as a mining town for the Cape Breton Coal, Iron & Railway Company, started by British mining engineer Thomas Lancaster and British businessman Col. Horace Mayhew which intended to develop the coal seam at Cochrane's Lake (aka: Loon Lake). The pair raised millions of dollars, mostly from English investors, and construction on the town was started, with streets laid out and a number of large official buildings constructed, including the Office Building, the Assistant Manager's House, the Broughton Arms Hotel and Crown Hotel. Remains of these substantial buildings can still be seen today, the scale of which giving an impression of the town's lofty ambitions. A railway was built connecting to the Sydney & Louisburg Railway at False Bay Head, continuing through Broughton Junction to Broughton, a distance of 4 ½ miles, construction beginning in 1905 and completed in 1906. Seemingly too much money and effort was spent on the details and modern conveniences of the "most up-to-date modern city", one of the first attempts at a planned community in Canada, and not enough attention to the actual mine operation. The company went bankrupt in 1907 after it failed to secure rail transportation to get its coal to port. It is said this was due to the opposition of the Dominion Coal Company, which would not allow its Sydney and Louisburg Railway to carry the coal produced by the mine.
The British pair left Cape Breton, abandoning the company and the town.

The community remained active until its peak in 1916. The army had taken over the hotels to house officers and men during the First World War. After the end of the war the community declined rapidly. Some residents still live in the area.

A long article, detailing this company's history, appeared in the "Montreal Daily Star", 25 May 1907.

Palaeodictyoptera

The Palaeodictyoptera were large flying insects which are now extinct. They were common in the Upper Carboniferous, and became extinct at the end-Permian extinction. Their size varied from large to huge. For example, "Mazothairos" had a wingspan of about .

They were the first major group of herbivorous insects. They had long, beak-like, piercing mouthparts, and probably a sucking organ. The mouthparts match the signs of damage in fossil plant leaves and stems.

In addition to the normal four wings, they had two "pronota" in front. These pronota were smaller than the regular wings, but had wing veins just like the real things. They did not move up and down, so maybe they helped gliding. The Palaeodictyoptera are sometimes whimsically called "six-winged insects". The actual wings are often boldly marked: the patterns of colour can be seen in fossils.

These insects had paired "cerci" (singular: cercus) on their rear segment. The function of these is not clear. Cerci often serve as sensory organs, but they may also be used as weapons or copulation aids, or they may simply be vestigial structures. The cerci on some species was longer than the rest of the insect.



Crime of the Century

Crime of the Century is the third studio album of Supertramp. A&M Records released it in September 1974. Ken Scott produced the music. There is a text saying "To Sam" on the back cover of the album. Supertramp dedicated this album to Stanley August Miesegaes. He supported Supertramp financially from 1969 until 1972. "Crime of the Century" got to number 38 on the American Billboard Pop Albums chart, and to number 4 on the UK Albums Chart. The songs "Bloody Well Right" and "Dreamer" were also released as singles. This album and these singles made Supertramp successful and well-known.


Robin Kankapankatja

Robin Kankapankatja (born around 1930) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He worked for most of his life as a labourer and conservationist. He is the manager and senior traditional owner of Walalkara, a homeland and Indigenous Protected Area on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. He began work as an artist in 2004, aged in his 70s. His artworks are now held in several major galleries in Australia.

Robin was born at Walalkara, a place in the Great Victoria Desert near Kaltjiti, South Australia. His father was Pitjantjatjara from the land west of Watarru; his mother was Yankunytjatjara from Makiri, northwest of Walalkara. Robin grew up living a traditional, nomadic life in the area around Kaltjiti. The first time he saw a whitefella was when he was a young teenager. As a young man, he worked on the cattle stations at Welbourne Hill and Everard Park.

When he was much older, Robin moved back to Walalkara and set up an outstation for his family on his homelands. He lives there with his wife, Tyayangka, and his children. Kankapankatja is the senior traditional owner ("") of Walalkara. The people that live on this outstation are all part of his family. They are the land managers of Walalkara Indigenous Protected Area, a federally protected reserve created from an agreement between the Robin family and the Australian government. It covers of the Great Victoria Desert. Until 2008, Kankapankatja and his wife Tyayangka worked as rangers of the reserve. When they retired, their children took over its management.

Robin began working as an artist in July 2004, while he was at home recovering from surgery. His paintings and drawings are about Walalkara. They depict the landscape, animals, and spiritual Dreaming stories associated with it. He is also known for carving traditional tools, such as boomerangs, spears, spear-throwers and shields.

Since 2006, Robin's work has been shown in many exhibitions alongside other Kaltjiti artists. In 2007, he was featured at the Mossenson Galleries in Collingwood, Victoria. His work was featured as part of the annual "Desert Mob" exhibition in Alice Springs, in 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. It was also exhibited in Adelaide at the Flinders University City Gallery in 2009, and the South Australian Museum in 2010.

In 2012, the Cross Cultural Art Exchange in Darwin held a solo exhibition of Robin's work. The exhibition was called ": this is my life from long ago". It showcased a series of drawings that depict Robin's memories from growing up in the bush, and the legendary journeys of his ancestors. In the same year, his work was also shown at the annual "Our Mob" exhibition in Adelaide, at an exhibition of Kaltjiti Arts in the Darwin Aboriginal Art Fair, and in Germany, in an exhibition at the ArtKelch gallery in Freiburg im Breisgau.

Examples of Robin's work are held in the collections of the Araluen Arts Centre, Flinders University, and the National Gallery of Australia. Others are held in the national Artbank collection, and several private collections, such as the Gallery Gabrielle Pizzi in Melbourne.

LinkedIn

LinkedIn is a social networking website for people in professional jobs. The company started in December 2002, and the website opened May 5, 2003. Users can make connections with other people they have worked with, post their work experience and skills, look for jobs, and look for workers. The site is available in many languages, including most European languages, Japanese, Korean, Indonesian, and Malay. LinkedIn has more than 200 million members around the world.

In 2012, the LinkedIn website was attacked by hackers from Russia, who stole passwords for more than 100 million user accounts. In 2016, a suspect was arrested in the Czech Republic.

The company which owns LinkedIn, the LinkedIn Corporation, was bought out by Microsoft in 2016 for US$26 billion.

In January 2013, the countries with the most LinkedIn users were: 



Leopold II

Leopold II may mean:

Integer overflow

Integer overflow occurs in computers, when the number which is stored becomes larger than the capacity of the memory it is stored in. The most likely result is that the number will reset to 0 and start over.

For example, start with the number 14, using 4-bits integers. Add 1 a few times, this will result in an overflow, which causes it to reset the number to 0.

Another result is the number will reset to the most negative number, if the number has a sign. This is because negative numbers are represented by values after the maximum positive value.

For example, with signed 4-bit integers. Adding 1 will cause this type of overflow:

Slender Man

Slenderman is a fictional creature from an internet meme. It appears as a tall and thin man, wearing a black suit and red tie. Slenderman's face is usually blank, without any features. It is said to stalk, abduct, or scare people, especially children.

Slenderman was originally created on the Internet forum Something Awful in 2009. It has grown into a kind of urban legend.

Slenderman is described as very fictional tall and thin white creature with unnaturally long arms. It can extend its arms to scare people or capture them. It has seems to be bald or be wearing a featureless white mask covering its entire head, the mask gives an unsettling feeling due to lacking a face or other facial features. It appears to be wearing a black suit. In images, the figure is often out of focus and blurry. Slenderman is associated with the forest and has the ability to teleport.

Slenderman was created during a contest on the Something Awful forums in June 2009. The goal was to change photographs using digital manipulation so that the pictures showed something supernatural. On 10 June, a forum poster with the user name "Victor Surge" uploaded two images in black and white. They were photographs of groups of children, to which had been added an obscured figure in the background: a tall, thin man with a blank face. Surge included short stories to go with the images, describing the disappearance of the children in the images. It gave the character the name, "Slenderman":
One of two recovered photographs from the Stirling City Library blaze. Notable for being taken the day which fourteen children vanished and for what is referred to as “Slenderman”. Deformities cited as film defects by officials. Fire at library occurred one week later. Actual photograph confiscated as evidence.<br>
1986, photographer: Mary Thomas, missing since June 13th, 1986.
These stories made it a work of fiction. Other users on the forum developed the character further, adding their own images or stories about "Slenderman". However, is it possible to find supposed records of the monster dating back to the 14th century, a notable example is a medieval German folktale entitled "Der Ritter" ("The Knight" in German), it tells the history of a brave knight appointed by the church to slay a great evil entity who had been stealing children from a local village from around the Black Forest, Württemberg, in Southern Germany, by which some people claim the existence of the entity. 

Slenderman soon became very popular on the Internet. Many works of fanart, cosplay and fiction were created and spread from website to website. The first video series involving the Slender Man was published on YouTube. It is called "Marble Hornets", and is now one of the most popular Slender Man creations. Other YouTube serials about the Slender Man followed, including EverymanHYBRID and Tribe Twelve. In 2011, Markus "Notch" Persson, creator of the sandbox indie game "Minecraft", added a new character to the game. He named it the "Enderman" when many users on Reddit and Google+ commented on how similar it was to the Slender Man. A video game based on the Slender Man was released in 2012, named "Slender: The Eight Pages". Several popular variants of the game followed, including "Slenderman's Shadow" and "Slender Man" for iOS, which became the second most-popular app download. The sequel to "Slender: The Eight Pages", "Slender: The Arrival", was released in 2013.

A horror movie about the Slender Man, "Entity", was released in 2013. Another, "The Slender Man", was released free online. On August 10, 2018, another movie about the character, "Slender Man", directed by Sylvain White, was released. "Marble Hornets" is also being made into a movie.

The Slender Man was called "the first great myth of the web" by the BBC. The success of the idea has been ascribed to the Internet's ability to connect people with one another. It has allowed anybody to build on the story and develop the character, and also shape it into whatever frightens them most.



Bethesda, Maryland

Bethesda is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in southern Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is northwest of Washington, D.C. The National Institutes of Health main campus and the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center are in Bethesda. There are also corporate and government headquarters.

In April 2009, "Forbes" put Bethesda second on its list of "America's Most Livable Cities."

Bethesda is an unincorporated area. It has no official boundaries. The United States Census Bureau says the center is at 38°59' North, 77°7' West. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2020, Bethesda had 68,056 people.

Division of East Sydney

The Division of East Sydney was a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1900. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1969. It was named for the suburb of East Sydney. It was located in the inner eastern suburbs of Sydney, including Darlinghurst, Paddington and Surry Hills.

After 1910 East Sydney was usually a safe seat for the Australian Labor Party. In the 1930s it was a stronghold of Lang Labor. Its most famous members were Sir George Reid, who was Prime Minister of Australia in 1904-05, and Eddie Ward, a long-serving Labor member and Cabinet minister.

Division of Bland

The Division of Bland was a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. The division was created in 1900. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1906. It was named for Dr William Bland, a New South Wales colonial politician. It is based in rural southern New South Wales, and included the towns of Narrandera, Wagga Wagga and West Wyalong. 

Bland was held by Chris Watson, the first Leader of the federal parliamentary Labor Party and Australia's first Labor Prime Minister. When Bland was abolished in 1906, Watson moved to South Sydney.

Division of Ballarat

The Division of Ballarat (Ballaarat until 1977) is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. The division was one of the original 75 divisions created in 1900. It was set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the city of Ballarat.

The division includes Ballarat, Bacchus Marsh, Ballan, Daylesford, Creswick, Trentham and Clunes. In the past it has included Ararat, Maryborough, and Stawell.

Ballarat had the closest election result in Australian history. Nationalist Edwin Kerby unseated Labor member Charles McGrath by a single vote in 1919. However, McGrath said that the election had not been fair. It was challenged in court which resulted in a by-election in 1920 that was won by McGrath.

The most famous member was Alfred Deakin, Prime Minister of Australia three times. Michael Ronaldson was the grandson of Archibald Fisken. Ronaldson later served as a Liberal senator.


Windows 3.0

Windows 3.0 is the third major release of Microsoft Windows, and was released on May 20, 1990. It is a graphical environment (a program that runs on top of an operating system), instead of an operating system by itself. It became the first successful version of Windows in the market. Windows 3.0 was the first version to be widely seen as a rival to Apple's Macintosh and Commodore's Amiga on the graphical user interface (GUI) front. It was followed by Windows 3.1.

Windows 3.0 was created in 1989, when David Weise and Murray Sargent independently decided to develop a protected mode Windows as an experiment. They compiled a prototype and showed it to Microsoft executives, who approved it as an official project.

On December 31, 1990, Microsoft released Windows 3.0a. This version contained an improved ability to move pieces of data greater than 64KB (the original release could only manipulate one segment of RAM at a time). It also improved stability by reducing Unrecoverable Application Errors (UAEs) associated with networking, printing, and low-memory conditions. This version appears as "Windows 3.00a" in Help/About Windows system dialogs.

Based on Windows 3.0a, and originally called 3.0b, Windows 3.0 with Multimedia Extensions 1.0 was released in October 31, 1991 to support sound cards, as well as CD-ROM drives, which were then becoming more available. This edition was released to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), mainly CD-ROM drive and sound card manufacturers, and some PCs came preloaded with it. This edition added basic multimedia support for audio input and output, along with new applications: Media Player, CD audio player, more advanced Help format, screen savers, and a new clock. These new features were integrated into Windows 3.1x. Microsoft developed the Windows Sound System sound card specification to support these extensions. The new features were not accessible in Windows 3.0 Real Mode.

The MME API was the first universal and standardized Windows audio API. Wave sound events played in Windows (up to Windows XP) and MIDI I/O use MME. The devices listed in the "Multimedia/Sounds and Audio" control panel applet represent the MME API of the sound card driver.

MME does not have channel mixing, so only one audio stream can be rendered at a time. MME supports sharing the audio device for playback between multiple applications starting with Windows 2000, up to two channels of recording, 16-bit audio bit depth and sampling rates of up to 44.1 kHz with all the audio being mixed and sampled to 44.1 kHz.

Windows Home Server

Windows Home Server is a home server operating system created by Microsoft. It was announced on January 7, 2007, at the Consumer Electronics Show by Bill Gates. Its purpose is to provide households with multiple PCs a centralized and user-friendly solution for file sharing, automatic backups, and remote access to resources. It is built on the code of Microsoft Windows Server 2003 R2.

Windows Home Server was officially launched on July 16, 2007.

It was replaced by Windows Home Server 2011 in April 2011.

DirectX

DirectX is a computer program by Microsoft made so the computer can have better graphics, and play games like on the Xbox with improved graphics.

William Bland

Dr. William Bland (5 November 1789 – 21 July 1868) was a convict, doctor and surgeon, politician, farmer and inventor in New South Wales, Australia.

Bland was born in London in 1789. His father, Dr. Robert Bland, was an obstetrician. Bland joined the Royal Navy in 1810 as a surgeon and served on HM sloop "Hesper". While in Bombay, India he got into an argument with another officer, Robert Case. He challenged Case to a duel with pistols on 7 April 1813, and Case was killed. Bland was found guilty of murder and sentenced to seven years prison in Van Diemen's Land.

Bland arrived in Hobart on the ship 'Denmark Hill' in January 1814. He was sent to Sydney on the 'Frederick' on 14 July 1814. He was kept in the Castle Hill gaol for a short time where he was able to work as a doctor. He was pardoned on 27 January 1815. He set up business as a doctor. He married Sarah Henry in 1817, but they separated after a few months.

In 1818 he wrote critical comments about Governor Macquarie's treatment of farmers. He also made fun of Macquarie's desire to have his name on foundation stones. Bland's handwriting was recognised. On 25 September 1818 he was found guilty of libel, fined £50 and sent to prison for a year.

In 1830 he opposed attempts to sell large areas of crown land. He joined the Australian Landowners Association in 1831 to fight new land laws. When the Sydney Free Grammar School closed after only one year in 1826, Bland came up with a scheme to start a new school to replace it. Sydney College began in 1830. The foundation stone of a new building was laid by the Chief Justice, Sir Francis Forbes, in 1830. Bland was treasurer of the of the college from 1835 to 1844. In 1845 he became president. The buildings were sold to the University of Sydney in 1853. Sydney Free Grammar School and Sydney College were the beginnings of the current Sydney Grammar School which began in 1854.

He worked at the Benevolent Society as well as having a private medical practice. He dispensed medicines from his house until a proper dispensary was begun. He gave the Society advice on building a room to be an operating theatre and mortuary. He continued to assist at the Society until 1863.

He gave land and money to build a church at Ashfield.

He was an active writer. he wrote articles on new medical techniques which were published in the Lancet magazine. He wrote articles for the Australian Medical Journal on snake bite and dislocations. He edited the book "Journey of Discovery to Port Phillip, New South Wales" written by William Hovell and Hamilton Hume. He wrote a small book about how to prevent fires on ships carrying wool. He designed the "Atmotic Ship", a balloon filled with hydrogen and moved by propellors. A model of the atmotic ship was shown at the International Exhibition in London in 1851 and at Crystal Palace in 1854.

In 1835 the Australian Patriotic Association (APA) was formed. William Wentworth was president, and Bland was the secretary. His letters for the APA show Australia beginning to see itself as an independent nation. The main function of the APA was to draw up a constitution for New South Wales. The constitution was accepted by the British parliament and self government began in 1843.

He was an elected member to the new New South Wales Legislative Council twice (1843–1848, 1849–1850) and was appointed to the Council from 1858–1861

In 1849 Wentworth introduced a bill to create the University of Sydney. He named Bland as one of its first senators. Robert Lowe reminded members that Bland had been a convict and had killed a man in 1813. He said that such an important institution should not be run by convicts. The bill failed. Bland wanted to fight a duel but Lowe avoided it. The bill was re-introduced without Bland’s name and was passed.

A banquet was held in July 1856 to celebrate the grant of a new Constitution by the British government. Bland was the guest of honour. On 5 November 1858 he was given money and a candelabrum for his services to the community. He resigned on 21 March 1861 from the Legislative Council.

In February 1846, Bland remarried a widow, Eliza Smeathman. He continued to work as a doctor until 1868. He was the founder and first president of the Australian Medical Association in 1859. A photograph was taken of him in 1845. This is the oldest surviving Australian photograph. In 1861 he was declared a bankrupt. He died in Sydney on 21 July 1868 of pneumonia, and was given a State Funeral.



CeCe Peniston

CeCe Peniston (born September 6, 1969, in Dayton, Ohio) is an American R&B singer and former beauty queen. She was very popular in the early 1990s. Her hit song "Finally" was released in 1991. A lot of other songs followed. Peniston was crowned Miss Black Arizona 1989 and Miss Galaxy 1990.

South Pole–Aitken basin

The South Pole–Aitken basin is a huge impact crater on the far side of Earth's Moon. Roughly in diameter and deep, it is one of the largest known impact craters in the Solar System. It is the largest, oldest and deepest basin on the Moon. The formation of the large lunar basins occurred before 3.8 billion years ago.

This moon basin was named after two features on opposing sides; the crater Aitken on the northern end and the southern lunar pole at the other end. 

Straw man

Straw man is a type of incorrect reasoning, in which a changed (usually exaggerated) version of someone else's argument is proved wrong, and it looks as if the real argument has been proved wrong.
Sometimes such an easy to disprove argument is simply invented. Straw man can be understood also as the mentioned argument itself. The name suggests a human figure made of straw that is easy to destroy.
The straw man argument can have many forms. The fallacy of attacking a straw man can also arise from an honest mistake.

An everyday conversation:
Bob attacked the non-existing argument: . And because such an argument is obviously false, Alice might start believing that she is wrong because what Bob said was clearly true. But her real argument was not disproved, because she did not say anything about the temperature.
Alice noticed the trick and defended herself.

The origins of the term are unclear. An 1898 definition refers to men who stood outside courthouses with a straw in their shoe in order to indicate their willingness to be hired to give evidence in a court trial.

In the 1900 US presidential election campaign, the issue of Imperialism became a "straw man" issue when President McKinley accepted his party's nomination. Cartoonist William Allen Rogers focused on the destruction of this issue in a September issue of "Harper's Weekly".


André Roy

André Roy (born February 8, 1975) is an American-born Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Roy was born Mamaroneck, near Port Chester, New York.

His mother, Heidi Golombeck, is from Germany. She moved to New York in 1969. There she met André's father, Gilles Roy. They got married a few weeks later. They left New York to go to Mamaroneck, near Port Chester, New York. They had three children: Marc, Kevin and André. When André was only two months old, the family moved to Sainte-Julienne, Quebec. This village is in the region of Lanaudière.

André started to play hockey at the age of five. He started playing hockey in Novice A category but he was much better than the other players of his team. During his third season, he became an Atom CC player. Roy did not weigh as much as the other players, but he was one of the tallest. Martin Saint-Louis, another professional hockey player, said that when André was young, he was one of the best players in Lanaudière.

During the winter, Roy stayed at the ice rink as much as possible. During the summer, he played hockey with rollerblades in the streets or in his driveway. According to his mother, he shot so many hockey pucks that he destroyed the cedar hedge and broke every window of his garage at least two times. In 1987, André entered in the Peewee BB category. His slapshots were so powerful that the other teams' goalkeepers were scared. The next year, Roy played in the Peewee AA category. During his third season in the Peewee category, Roy wanted to be in the AA team but problems he had with the AA's coach made it so that he could not. He met Steve Latreille, the BB's coach, during his third Peewee season. During his second season in the Bantam category, André tried to play in the AA team with the North's Sélects. Again, he could not because of issues with his ex-coach. He played in the CC category because there was no BB team that year in Saint-Jérôme. It was at this time that André started to forget his dream of playing in the NHL. He decided to quit hockey.

Three days later, Steeve Latreille called him because he wanted a player as good as Roy in his team. André accepted and became the CC team's captain. According to Latreille, Roy is the best player coached by him, and also a very selfless person who did not want to steal the show because of his talent. He did a very good job as a captain and supported his whole team. Roy's powerful shot also became faster as he played more. Roy was accepted in the AA Midget team of Saint-Jérôme but he became a player in the Select's CC Midget team because his father had already organized a hockey trip to Finland. That trip led to him getting to play with the Midget AA team for the next season. It is during this season that he really started to attract QMJHL's recruiters.

In 1993, Roy was selected by the Beauport's Harfangs (renamed in 1997 as the Quebec Remparts) in fourth round. One year later, at age 19, his agent took him to the NHL Entry Draft of 1994. During the last Memorial Cup, many NHL recruiters had seen Roy's potential and had met him. He was not certain that he would be recruited that year but he was selected by the Bostons Bruins in sixth round, as the 151th choice of the draft.

Sandra Dee

Alexandra Zuck, later known as Sandra Dee (April 23, 1944 – February 23, 2005), was an American actress. She began with modeling and later progressed into movies. Dee received a Golden Globe Award in 1959. During the early 1960s her movies were popular, but in the late 1960s her acting career began declining. 

Sandra Dee was born in New Jersey. She died due to kidney disease, aged 62.


Cégep de Saint-Hyacinthe

Cégep de Saint-Hyacinthe is a college in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada.




Steve Bégin

Stéphan Bégin (); born June 14, 1978) is a Canadian ice hockey player. He played center for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League. He also played for the Nashville Predators, Montreal Canadiens, Dallas Stars, and Boston Bruins.

At the age of six, Bégin started his hockey career in the minor hockey leagues. He and his friend Sébastien Hubert played together in MAHG (). Gilles Bégin, his father, did not want to buy new hockey gear so he started with girl skates. Since his first hockey game, Bégin knew he wanted to play in the NHL.

After two good seasons in MAHG where he was the best player on the ice, his class was novice. At nine years old, in his second season in novice category, Bégin ended the season with over 120 nets. The next year, he made the atom AA without difficulties. It was believed that he was too small to play AA but Bégin heard this and he started to change his style; he became more aggressive. In his second atom season, even if he was the smallest player, he was the one who protected the other kids. Bégin continued his ascension to the NHL in playing pee-wee CC for his first year in this category and AA the second year. Bégin was a complete athlete; he was a hockey player, he played soccer and he did box in his youth. He played AA at his first soccer season. At 14, he decided to put all his energy in hockey. At the age of 12, he started box training and he did box training until he had 20. In his first bantam season, he did the AA, He was in good shape because of his boxing training. Because of this, at the end of the year, a midget AAA hockey club, invited him to the camp. He was the last player to be subtracted but the coach told him that his place was reserved for the next season.

Bégin did two years in midget AAA and two year in LHJMQ (Ligue de Hockey Junior Majeur du Québec) with Val d’Or, before being drafted by Calgary in the NHL. He had his first chance in the big league in 1997-1998 season with the Flames. In 488 regular games in the NHL, he had 52 goals and 48 passes for a total of 100 points. He made 36 points in play-off matches and since his start in the NHL he has spend 539 minutes on the penalty bench.

Chenani

Chenani () is a small town and subdistrict of Udhampur District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Aylesford, Nova Scotia

Aylesford is a farming community in the county of Kings in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, Canada. It is located between the North and South Mountains and located roughly 15 minutes from CFB Greenwood and 10 minutes from Berwick. The population was 829 in 2006

Aylesford is located on the Evangeline Trail (Trunk 1) tourist route, named after the famous Acadian story about Evangeline. It is a service centre for the surrounding agricultural district. An important crop is cranberries which is grown on the peat bogs. Peat moss harvesting operations are also active.

Aylesford's largest tourist attraction, the Oaklawn Farm Zoo, was home to Rutledge, the heaviest living lion in captivity, as certified by Guinness World Records in 1997. Rutledge died in February 2009, three months short of his 18th birthday. The zoo also has a variety of other animals including tigers, Dromedary Camels, and a variety of monkeys.

Cornwallis Square

Cornwallis Square is a Canadian village in Kings County, Nova Scotia. It is located on the Cornwallis River. It was originally established in 1947 as the WCG Commission and was responsible for fire protection, recreation and sidewalks in Waterville, Cambridge, and Grafton. When the rural community of Woodville was included in the service area in the 1960s the name was changed to Cornwallis Square. The area's largest employer is Michelin.


Leelee Sobieski

Liliane Gloria "Leelee" Sobieski (born on June 10, 1983 near New York City) is an American actress who has acted in many movies and on television. Her notable motion pictures include "Deep Impact" (1998) and "Public Enemies"; she also acted in the 1999 TV movie "Joan of Arc". Sobieski was born in 1983, although some sources represent 1982 as her birth date.

Sobieski was first noticed by a talent scout in the cafeteria of a New York City private school. That encounter led to her audition for the role of Claudia in "Interview with the Vampire" (1994), a role which ultimately went to Kirsten Dunst. Sobieski portrayed the character of Anna Yates in the 1994 TV movie "Reunion" starring Marlo Thomas. Next, she played a lead role in "A Horse for Danny", a 1995 made-for-television film. In 1997, she snagged her first role in a studio film playing the daughter of Martin Short's character in the Tim Allen comedy "Jungle 2 Jungle". In 1999, Sobieski appeared in Stanley Kubrick's "Eyes Wide Shut". Recalling acting alongside Tom Cruise, Sobieski stated he was "very kind and considerate with me," and says her most vivid recollection of Stanley Kubrick was that he "genuinely seemed to hold something magic".

Oxford, Nova Scotia

Oxford is a town in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada east of Amherst. The town is on Routes 104, 204, 301, and 321.

Oxford was established in 1791 by settler Richard Thompson. The name "Oxford" comes from the shallow river that was used to enter the town. Early settlers used Oxen to cross, or "ford", the river, and from here came the town's name.

Oxford is located at the junctions of three rivers. Much of the town lies in a floodplain and floods are common during the springtime. Salt Lake is located between the Black River Road and the Trans Canada Highway. A number of swamps and meadows connect this lake to the River Philip.

Oxford is considered the wild blueberry capital of Canada as it is centred in a large blueberry growing region. Oxford Frozen Foods Ltd., a wild blueberry processor, is the largest employer in the town, processing up to three million pounds of berries a day during peak season. The plant and over 12,000 acres blueberry land are owned by local businessman, John Bragg.

Historically, the town was home to a manufacturing industry with a woollen mill and foundry being key employers.

Centrally located in Cumberland County, Oxford is well connected to the provincial and national road network.

The Trans Canada Highway (Highway 104) passed near just south of the town and provincial routes 204, 301, and 321 all travel through town via Pugwash Road, Brichwood Road, Water Street, Upper/Lower Main Street and Little River Road.

In terms of public transport, the town is serviced by Acadian Bus Lines, which stops at the Lower Main Market not far off the highway.

Historically, the town had freight and passenger rail service via CN's Oxford Subdivision, known locally as the 'Short Line', which ran from Oxford Junction to Stellarton. Passenger service was discontinued in 1960 and the line was abandoned in the 1990s.


Freeport, Nova Scotia

Freeport, Nova Scotia is a village in Digby Country, Nova Scotia and it is located on Long Island in the Bay of Fundy.

Located at the end of Digby Neck on Long Island, Freeport is a working fishing village built up around a tidal basin. This area is great for bird watching, beach combing, hiking trails, birds, whale watching, gift shops, accommodations, restaurants, and unique flora and fauna.

Loyalists founded Freeport in 1784 establishing fishing and trading industries. Prior to this it had been inhabited by the Mi’kmaq Indians. Place names such as Petit Passage, Grand Passage and the Saint Mary’s Bay can be attributed to the French explorer, Champlain, who first visited the area in 1604. Black Loyalist, Rose Fortune is believed to have lived here in 1795, giving birth to one of her children.

Relay For Life

Relay For Life is a fundraising event for cancer held around the world. It was originally organised in the United States, by the American Cancer Society, a volunteer charity organisation. The event has now spread to more than 20 countries. The goal of the event is to raise money for cancer research and patients with cancer.

In Canada, this event is organised by the Canadian Cancer Society. Teams of 10 people compete in relays and consist of people representing corporations, communities, families and friends. The first Relay For Life in Canada was held in 1999, and raised CA$85,000. Since then, the number of relays and participants has increased each year. In 2011, $55 million was raised. To participate, one team need to be formed and registered online to the official website of the Canadian Cancer Society or with a paper form. Each member has to raise a minimum of CA$100 in donation or by selling luminaries. Luminaries are special candles that are placed in bags and carry the names of cancer survivors and loved ones who have died. In a moving ceremony after sunset, luminaries placed around the track are lit in honour of cancer survivors and in memory of those who have lost the battle against cancer.


Flag football

Flag football is a version of American or Canadian football. The rules are not very different to those of the regular game. Instead of tackling players to the ground, the other team must pull a flag or flag belt off of the player carrying the ball. Flag football is a game played with no padding. Full contact is not allowed. The first game of flag football was played in the 1930s. It was later played on military bases in the 1940s as a game for the military. 

Flag football games are 36 minutes long. They are divided into two 18-minute halves. The only time the clock is stopped is in the last two minutes.

Normally played on beaches with normal Flag Football rules.

To score a touchdown, a player must cross the ball over the goal line. This is worth 6 points. There are 1 options for an extra point. The scoring team can try to run the ball into the endzone from either the 3 yard line or the 10 yard line. The 3 yd line is worth 1 point and the 10 yd line is worth 2. If the flag of the player who has the ball is pulled while that person is in their own end zone, it is called a safety. The other team gets two points for this. 

Nichi Vendola

Nicholas "Nichi" Vendola (born 26 August 1958 in Bari) is an Italian politician. He is the leader of the political party Left Ecology Freedom ("Sinistra Ecologia Libertà").

Bioterrorism

Bioterrorism refers to the use of biological agents with the intent to cause panic, illness, or death. There are biological agents in nature, but they can be changed artificially in order to make them more effective. There are many methods of spreading biological agents. Biodefense is defense against bioterrorism, often in the form of a vaccine or medicine.

There are three categories of biological agents. The first is category A, the highest priority agents. Biological agents in category A pose a high risk to national security. These include anthrax and smallpox. The second, category B, includes biological agents such as brucellosis and melioidosis. These are a risk to national security. Category C, the third, includes emerging diseases that could be a risk in the future, such as hantavirus.




The Predator

The Predator is the third studio album by Ice Cube. It was released in November 1992, half a year after the 1992 Los Angeles riots. Almost all the singles on "The Predator" sample songs from the 1960s, the 1970s and the 1980s. The songs "Wicked" and "Check Yo Self" were released to very good reviews.

Fashion in the 1920s

Fashion was a big part of the 1920s. It was a time when people wanted something new. They wanted to look good and be unique. The fashion industry in the Western world saw growth during this time.

Flappers were a big subculture in the Western world during the 1920s. Flappers were women who wore short skirts, and feathers in their hair, which was usually in a bob. They sometimes smoked and drank, and were very rebellious. Later on, their dresses became fashionable in the 1920s.


Michiko Kichise

Kichise began to appear in television series and commercials in 1997. She appeared in her first movie in 1998. She married a businessman in 2010. Kichise won an Elan d'or Prize (エランドール賞|Erandōru Shō) from the All Nippon Producers Association in 2011. In 2012, Kichise was one of the top 20 actresses by earning. She was paid as much as ¥1,600,000 for each episode of television. 



Aquarius (constellation)

Aquarius is a constellation of the zodiac. It sits between Capricornus and Pisces. Its name is Latin for "water-carrier" or "cup-carrier", and its symbol is (Unicode ♒), which represents water. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Aquarius when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations.

Aquarius is a constellation also known as the Water Bearer and was a servant to the gods. He was also a human at one time. He was the son of King Tors. When he was human, his name was Ganymede. Usually when you see him in the sky, you can see him pouring water into the mouth of a fish; or Pisces.
There is a story of Ganymede when he was watching over his father’s sheep, he was captured and held captive by the Goddess of the Dawn.
In another version of the story, Zeus is captured by Ganymede. Than Zeus calls over his pet eagle to grab Ganymede and take him to the top of Mount Olympus and serve as a servant to the gods.
One man named Robert Graves thought that the origin of Aquarius was in Egypt. He thought that Aquarius represented the Nile River. He also thought that Aquarius was the God of the Nile. The Nile is just a river, but Robert thought that the river was water pouring out of Aquarius’ jar to make the Nile.
As a constellation, he comes after the constellation Capricornus just by one month and is south of the constellation Pegasus and north of Pisces, the brightest star in the night sky.


Coclé Province

Coclé is a province of Panama. The province is in central Panama on the southern coast along the Pacific Ocean. The provincial capital is the city of Penonomé.

This province was created in 1855 with the name of Department of Coclé, during the presidency of Justo de Arosemena. Its name was changed to province on 20 October 1985.

The Coclé province borders the Colón province to the north, the Panamá Oeste province to the east, the Pacific Ocean and the Herrera province to the south and the Veraguas province to the west.

The Coclé province has an area of .

The "Cordillera Central" ("Central Mountain range) is in the northern part of the province and divides the province in two drainage basins; to the north, the rivers flow to the Caribbean Sea but to the south of the mountain range the rivers flow to the Pacific Ocean.

In the southern part of the province there is a large plain that gets to the Pacific coast.

In the northeast of the province is the Parque Nacional General de División Omar Torrijos Herrera, a national park.

The people of the province are known as "Coclesanos" (women:"Coclesanas").

The Coclé province had a population, in 2010, of 233,708, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Coclé province

The Coclé province is divided in six districts, which are divided into 44 "corregimientos".

Coclé is primarily an agricultural area, with sugar and tomatoes as major crops. The province has a number of well-known beaches, such as Santa Clara, Farallon and Rio Hato, and tourist activity has increased in recent years.


Chiriquí Province

Chiriquí is a province of the Republic of Panama. The population is of 409 821 (2010) and the capital is David.

Beugnon

Beugnon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bierry-les-Belles-Fontaines

Bierry-les-Belles-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Blannay

Blannay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bleigny-le-Carreau

Bleigny-le-Carreau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Hamilton Hill (comics)

Hamilton Hill is a fictional Batman character who is the corrupt mayor of Gotham City. He helps the Gotham Crime boss such as Rupert Thorne to help him find Batman's secret identity. He hired an assassin to kill Harvey Bullock.

He was voice by Lloyd Bochner in "". He was also played by Michael Murphy in "Batman Returns".


Poison Ivy (comics)

Poison Ivy (Dr. Pamela Lillian Isley) is a fictional supervillainess Batman character who has appeared in American comic books published by DC Comics. Poison Ivy was created by Robert Kanigher and Sheldon Moldoff, and made her debut in "Batman" #181 (June 1966). She has the physical appearance of a plant with the power to talk to plants into doing evil things. She used to be a doctor who cared for animals until falling into chemicals which gave her the power to talk to plants. Her crime-partner is Harley Quinn. She is played by Uma Thurman in "Batman & Robin". She is voiced by Diane Pershing. 


Harley Quinn

Harley Quinn (Dr. Harleen Frances Quinzel) is a fictional Batman character who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. She was created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timmis and made her debut in "The Batman Adventures" #12 (September 1993). She is the girlfriend and partner in crime of the Joker and best friends with Poison Ivy. She dresses up like a jester or harlequin in red, black, and white. Later she dresses in shorts and tops with blonde hair, which is half pink and half blue in pigtails.

She was voiced by Arleen Sorkin in "". Harley Quinn makes her live-action cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) film "Suicide Squad" (2016), where she is portrayed by Margot Robbie. Robbie reprises her role in "Birds of Prey" (2020) and "The Suicide Squad" (2021), with elements of her portrayal's design consequentially incorporated into comics. Singer and actress Lady Gaga will play the character in "" (2024).


Riddler (comics)

The Riddler (Dr. Edward Nigma) is a fictional Batman character and supervillain who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He leaves Batman all of his best riddles to help Batman know where he will strike next or what he will do. He uses mind-control devices on his victims, wears a green suit with a big purple question mark on it and also a cane with a question mark on it. He sometimes wear a hat also with a question mark.

Riddler first appeared in "Detective Comics" #140 in October 1948 which ended with him appearing to drown. The Riddler’s second appearance was in “Detective Comics” # 142 in December 1948 in which he wanted revenge against Batman and Batman’s sidekick Robin. Then in May 1965, Julius Schwartz published a comic book called “Batman” Volume 1 # 171, the third ever appearance of The Riddler in which his evil plan involves tricking Batman and Robin into thinking he had stopped being evil and become good. The Riddler became used as an antagonist in the Batman comic books much more often are the 1966 Batman television show starring Adam West came out and had The Riddler as a major villain.

The Riddler has been used in a lot of things based on the comics, including TV shows, movies, toys and video games. He was played by Frank Gorshin and John Astin in the 1960s Batman show and by John Glover in "". He was also voiced by Robert Englund in "The Batman". He was played by Jim Carrey in "Batman Forever". Conan O'Brien voices him in the 2017 movie "The Lego Batman Movie". Corey Michael Smith played The Riddler in the prequel television show Gotham giving him an origin story. Paul Dano plays the character for the 2022 movie "The Batman".


Clayface

Clayface is a series of fictional Batman villains who have the power to turn into any form because he is made out of clay. He has appeared in American comic books published by DC Comics. In most cases, Clayface was played by actor Basil Karlo who used a type of skin medicine to help his skin which would later cause him to have the clay appearance.

He was voiced by Ron Perlman in "".

Killer Croc

Killer Croc (Waylon Jones) is a fictional character seen in comic books by DC Comics. He is mainly a villain in Batman comics. The character has an apperance similar to a lizard or a crocodile. He is very strong and a good swimmer. Before he became Killer Croc, Waylon Jones was a wrestler.

The character was voiced by Aron Kincaid in "". He was played by Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje in the 2016 movie "Suicide Squad".

Mad Hatter (comics)

The Mad Hatter (Jervis Tetch) is a fictional Batman character who appears in comic books by DC Comics. He dresses-up as the Mad Hatter from "Alice in Wonderland". He usually uses had-guns, poison smoke guns, or mind-control things. He used to be a scientist who invented mid-control things before being fired.

He was voiced by Roddy McDowall in "". 

Man-Bat

Man-Bat (The Werebat or Dr. Robert K. Langstrom) is a fictional Batman character who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He used to be a scientist until drinking a chemical that makes him turn into a half bat half man. His name can sometimes be confused with Batman. 

The character has been featured in various media adaptations, such as feature films, television series and video games. He was voiced by Marc Singer in "" and Loren Lester in "".

Carmine Falcone

Carmine "The Roman" Falcone is a fictional Batman character who is the head of the Gotham Mafia. He is sometimes called Don Falcone. He has a son, Alberto Falcone who is known as the Holiday Killer. In some cases, Two-Face flipped his coin and killed Falcone. His body was robbed many times before being frozen by Mr. Freeze. His business was taken over by Sal Maroni.

He was played by Tom Wilkinson in "Batman Begins" and was played by John Turturro in "The Batman".

Sal Maroni

Salvatore "The Boss" Maroni is a fictional Batman character who is head leader of the Gotham Mafia after Carmine Falcone was killed or taken to Arkham Asylum. In some cases, he was the man who made Havey Dent turn into Two-Face.

He was played by Eric Roberts in "The Dark Knight".

Hugo Strange

Professor Hugo Strange is a fictional mad scientist who appears in the Batman comic books by DC Comics. The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger, and first appeared in "Detective Comics" #36 (Feb 1940). He is one of the few villains to know the true identity of the Batman. He is known for creating mutants, zombies, or growth hormones. 

He is voiced by Ray Buktenica in "". He is also voiced by Frank Gorshin (who played the Riddler) in "The Batman" and he is also played by BD Wong in the 2014 TV series "Gotham".

Gillian B. Loeb

Gillian B. Loeb is a fictional character in the Batman "Dark Knight Trilogy" movies. He was the police commissioner of Gotham City until his death. He was replaced by James Gordon after his death. Loeb blames Batman for every crime in Gotham. He thinks Batman is a criminal.

Loeb was played by Colin McFarlane in "Batman Begins" and in "The Dark Knight".

Tali Tali Pompey

Tali Tali Pompey (about 1945/1947 – 16 November 2011) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She had a short career as an artist, beginning only in 2002. During this time, however, her work was taken in by several major public galleries.

Pompey was born on a sand dune near Finke, in the southern Northern Territory. This inspired her name; "" is the word for a sandhill in languages of the Western Desert. Pompey's parents were Yankunytjatjara people from lands further south, around Kalka and Kaṉpi in South Australia. Pompey grew up in the area around Finke, and then moved south to Ernabella when she was a young woman. At the time, this was a Christian mission set up for Aboriginal people coming in from the desert. While living in Ernabella, learned art and craft at the community's craft room. She learned how to sew, make batik, dye fabrics and spin sheep's wool to make rugs.

Pompey's husband, who she married at Ernabella, was a Pitjantjatjara elder and law keeper for the country around Kaltjiti. They moved to Kaltjiti after it was set up as an outpost in the 1960s. They had 8 children, including six boys and two girls.

Pompey started painting for the community's art centre, Kaltjiti Arts, in 2002. She painted regularly and became quickly noticed by critics. In 2003, one of Pompey's paintings, titled "Pita", was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award. Another of her works, "Para - Desert Gums", was chosen as a finalist for the competition in 2010.

In the ten years that she worked as an artist, Pompey's works became well represented in Australian collections. In 2007, she suffered a mild stroke, which affected the movement in her left hand. She recovered and then continued to paint up until her death. She died on 16 November 2011, in Alice Springs.

Pompey's paintings depict features of the central Australian landscape, such as sand hills, flowers and trees. These are painted with a soft-focus, hazy look. Most of her paintings are minimalist in style, combining basic shapes of colour with dotted fields or lines. She was known for thick brushstrokes and a wide use of colour.

Pompey's designs were also used in a series of rugs made by Kaltjiti Arts, which combined traditional Kashmiri techniques with Australian Western Desert designs.

Pompey's work has been exhibited widely in Australia, mostly in group exhibitions. The Mossenson Galleries in Melbourne held two solo exhibitions of Pompey's work. The first was in 2005. The second was in 2012, after her death, and showed a selection of her final works.

Examples of her paintings are now held in the National Gallery of Victoria, and the Art Gallery of South Australia.

Rupert Thorne

Rupert Thorne is a fictional Batman character, who is the crime boss of Batman. Many people think that he hired Joe Chill to kill Bruce Wayne's parents. He helped Mayor Hamilton Hill to be elected and re-elected and corrupting him throughout his term. Throne had hired many people to try to kill Bruce Wayne.

He was voiced by John Vernon in "".

Harvey Bullock (comics)

Harvey Bullock is a fictional Batman character who is a detective who is loyal to Commissioner James Gordon, but does not trust Batman. He is a corrupt detective in one case while in another case he is a good cop.

He was voiced by Robert Costanzo in "".

Roland Daggett

Roland Daggett is a fictional character in the Batman media franchise. He is the owner of Daggett Industries and a rival of Bruce Wayne. Daggett is the creator of Clayface. He has tried to corrupt Wayne Enterprises. Daggett uses his medicine company to create a virus in dogs and cats. He was the only person with a cure to the virus. He planned to use the cure to become a hero to the people of Gotham and to make a large amount of money.

He was voiced by Ed Asner in "". He was played by Ben Mendelsohn as John Daggett in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Arnold Flass

Detective Arnold John Flass is a fictional character appearing in American comic books, published by DC Comics, and is commonly associated with the Batman franchise. He is a corrupt detective who sells drugs and gives money to drug dealers or the Gotham Mafia. He was the first police-partner of (back then) office James Gordon when Gotham was an unsafe place (before Batman). 

He was played by Mark Boone Junior in "Batman Begins".

Joe Chill

Joe Chill is a fictional Batman character who was the mugger who killed Bruce Wayne's parents when he was young. He was the reason why Batman became Batman from his parents death. Chill was killed during a trial.

He was played by Richard Brake in "Batman Begins".

Victor Zsasz

Victor Zsasz is a fictional Batman character who is a serial killer in Gotham City. He has the number of people he had killed written in tally marks on his skin. He uses a pocket knife to kill. He was killed by an anarchist Heat Wave.

He was played by Tim Booth in "Batman Begins" and will be played by Chris Messina in "Birds of Prey" (2020).

Firefly (DC Comics)

Firefly (Garfield Lynns) is a fictional Batman character who dresses up as a firefly and shoots gas or poison from a gun. He appears in comic books by DC Comics. He also uses visual effects. He uses his wings to travel to places. He has a suit that keeps the toxic fumes to go into his lungs. He was once a visual effects artist.

Michelle Veintimilla played the character in the television series "Gotham". Brendan Fraser was going to play him in the cancelled movie "Batgirl", set in the DC Extended Universe.

Michael Akins

Michael Akins is a fictional Batman character who succeeded James Gordon as commissioner of Gotham City when Gordon retired after his wife was killed by The Joker. A couple years later Gordon had again became commissioner of Gotham.

Clock King

The Clock King (Template Fugate) is a fictional Batman character who uses magical watches to turn back time or to go to the future. He can also freeze time. The Clock King uses anything related to time to help him do his crimes.

He was voiced by Alan Rachins in "".

Jor-El

Jor-El was a fictional Superman character who appears in the DC Comics universe and was the father of Superman who died in the planet of Krypton when it was destroyed. He knew his planet would be destroyed but when he told his leaders, they did not listen try or stop the destruction since they did not believe it was true. So he built a rocket and sent superman to earth so superman would not die when the planet was destroyed. Years later an artificial intelligence that Jor-El created helped his son to learn the true power he holds and helps him become Superman. He was married to Lara Lor-Van.

He was played by Marlon Brando in "Superman" and by Russell Crowe in "Man of Steel".


General Zod

General Zod (full name Dru-Zod) is a fictional Superman character who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character, who first appeared in "Adventure Comics" #283 (April 1961), was created by Robert Bernstein and initially designed by George Papp. He is a supervillain from Superman's planet Krypton. He has the same powers and strength that his enemy Superman has. He was sent to Earth to kill Superman.

He was played by Terence Stamp in "Superman" and in "Superman II". He was also played by Michael Shannon in "Man of Steel" and "The Flash".

"Total Film" ranked Zod #32 on their "Top 50 Greatest Villains of All Time" list in 2007. Pop-culture website IGN.com ranked General Zod as #30 on their list of the "Top 100 Comic Book Villains", asserting that "Stamp "is" Zod.

Perry White

Perry White is a fictional Superman character. He is the chief-editor of the "Daily Planet". He is the boss of Clark Kent and Lois Lane. He is known for his catchphrases "Great Caesar's ghost!" and "Don't call me chief!".

He was played by Jackie Cooper in "Superman," Lane Smith in the TV series , Frank Langella in "Superman Returns", and Laurence Fishburne in "Man of Steel". 

Willie Lumpkin

Willie Lumpkin is a fictional Fantastic Four character. He is a mailman. He can wiggle his ears and nose. He is one of the few people to know the secrets of the Fantastic Four.

He was played by Stan Lee in "Fantastic Four".


Division of Hunter

The Division of Hunter is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of New South Wales. It is located in northern rural New South Wales. It covers much of the Hunter Valley region, including the towns of Singleton, Maitland, Muswellbrook, Cessnock and Denman. The Division was one of the original 75 divisions created for the first Federal election in 1901. The Division was named after Captain John Hunter, the second Governor of New South Wales.

In 2015 the Australian Electoral Commission said that the Division of Hunter would be abolished at the next election. Because of population changes, New South Wales loses a division, and a new one will be created in Western Australia. The boundaries of many NSW divisions will have to be changed, and the area covered by Hunter will be added to nearby divisions. Under AEC rules however, names of the original 1901 divisions should be kept, so the Division of Charlton will be renamed Hunter.

The seat has been held by the Labor since 1910. Famous members include the first Prime Minister Edmund Barton, and Opposition Leaders Matthew Charlton and Dr H.V. Evatt. Joel Fitzgibbon, Minister for Defence, took over the seat when his father, Eric Fitgibbon retired in 1996.



J. Jonah Jameson

J. Jonah Jameson is a fictional Spider-Man character appearing in publications by Marvel Comics. He is the chief-editor of the "Daily Bugle". He is the boss of Peter Parker. He thinks that Spider-Man is a bad influence. He is the father of John Jameson.

He was played by J. K. Simmons in the movies "Spider-Man", "Spider-Man 2", "Spider-Man 3," "" and in "".


Aunt May

May Reilly Parker-Jameson (Aunt May) is a fictional in the Marvel Comics universe and a "Spider-Man" character. She raises Peter Parker. She was married to Ben Parker until he was shot and killed. Aunt May does not know that Peter Parker is Spider-Man. She thinks that Spider-Man is scary. Aunt May later married John Jonah Jameson, Sr. (the father of J. Jonah Jameson).

She was played by Rosemary Harris in "Spider-Man" (2002), "Spider-Man 2" (2004), and in "Spider-Man 3" (2007). She was then played by Sally Field in "The Amazing Spider-Man" (2012), and "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (2014). She is played by Marisa Tomei in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "" (2016), "" (2017), "" (2019), and in "" (2021).


Mary Leakey

Mary Douglas Leakey, FBA (née Nicol, 6 February 1913 – 9 December 1996) was a British archaeologist and anthropologist, who spent much of her life working in East Africa, in Tanzania and Kenya.

She discovered the first fossilized "Proconsul" skull, an extinct primate. They had a mixture of Old World monkey and ape characteristics, and their position in the evolution of the apes is still not clear. Leakey also discovered the robust "Zinjanthropus" skull at Olduvai Gorge.

For much of her career she worked together with her husband, Louis Leakey, in Olduvai Gorge, uncovering the tools and fossils of ancient hominins. She developed a system for classifying the stone tools found at Olduvai. She also discovered the Laetoli footprints. In 1960 she became director of excavation at Olduvai. Eventually, she chose and trained her own staff. After the death of her husband she became a leading palaeoanthropologist, helping to establish the Leakey tradition by training her son, Richard, in the field.

Leakey served her apprenticeship in archaeology under Dorothy Liddell at Hembury in Devon, 19301934, for whom she also did illustrations. In 1934 she was part of a dig at Swanscombe where she discovered the largest elephant molar known at the time in Britain. She needed help to identify its species.

The years 1935 to 1959, spent at Olduvai Gorge in the Serengeti plains of Northern Tanzania, yielded many stone tools from primitive stone-chopping instruments to multi-purpose hand axes. These finds came from Stone Age cultures dated as far back as 100,000 to two million years ago.

The Leakeys unearthed a "Proconsul africanus" skull on Rusinga Island, in October 1948.

In 1960, unable to leave the museum except on weekends, Louis appointed Mary director of excavation at Olduvai. She brought in a staff of Kamba tribesmen, instead of Kikuyu, who, she felt, took advantage of Louis. The first, Muteva Musomba, had kept her children's ponies. He recruited Kamoya Kimeu among others. Mary set up Camp 5 under Jonathan's direction. He was 19. From then on she had her own staff and associates.

Mary picked and sieved at the site from early morning dressed in old clothes, chain smoking cigarettes, always surrounded by her Dalmatian. She and Louis communicated by radio. On weekends he drove non-stop at high speed the 357 miles between Olduvai and Nairobi. The teen-age boys, Richard and Philip, were on site holidays and vacations.

After Mary's husband died, she continued her work at Olduvai and Laetoli. It was here, at the Laetoli site, that she discovered Hominin fossils that were more than 3.75 million-years-old. She also discovered fifteen new species of other animals and one new genus.

From 1976 to 1981 Leakey and her staff worked to uncover the Laetoli hominid footprint trail which was left in volcanic ashes some 3.6 million years ago. The years that followed this discovery were filled with research at Olduvai and Laetoli, the follow-up work to discoveries and preparing publications.



Olivia Wilde

Olivia Jane Wilde (born March 10, 1984 in New York City) is an American actress who has acted in many movies and television programs. She acted in movies like "Alpha Dog" "(2006)" and "The Girl Next Door (2004)" and in television series such as "The O.C. (2003-2007)" and "House M.D (2004-2012)." She is also an activist for veganism. She is the director of movies like "Don't Worry Darling (2022)" and "Booksmart (2019)." 

Charles des Moulins

Charles Robert Alexandre des Moulins (1798-1875) was a French botanist who also studied molluscs. In 1830, he proposed to introduce plants into aquaria so that the animals in the aquarium could breathe better. He described many species of snails, for example Pagodulina pagodula, and plants, for example Euphorbia milii. Towards the end of his life he became opposed to Darwinism.

Laetoli

Laetoli is a site in Tanzania, dated to the PlioPleistocene. It is famous for its hominin footprints, preserved in volcanic ash. The site of the Laetoli footprints is 45 km south of Olduvai gorge. It was excavated by archaeologists Louis and Mary Leakey in 1978. “The Laetoli Footprints” got a lot of attention from the public because they are convincing evidence of bipedalism in Pliocene hominins.

Dated to 3.6 million years ag,o they were the oldest known evidence of hominin bipedalism. Now older evidence has been found, such as the "Ardipithecus ramidus" fossils. The footprints and skeletal structure excavated at Laetoli were clear evidence that bipedalism evolved before enlarged brains in hominids. Although it is debated, it is believed the three individuals who made these footprints belonged to the species "Australopithecus afarensis". Together with footprints were other hominin and animal skeletal remains and Acheulean artifacts (hand-axes).

After debate, it was decided that "Australopithecus afarensis" is the species of the three hominins who made the footprints at Laetoli. This is based on the reconstruction of the foot skeleton of a female "A. afrarensis" hominin. Detailed footprint analysis compared both human and bipedal animals such as bears and primates. Gaits (stride pattern), and foot structure were analysed. Step length, stride length, stride width and foot angle showed that "A. afarensis" was more human-like in gait than ape-like.

"A. afarensis", then, is an obligate bipedal hominid. Its brain size was very similar to that of modern chimpanzees and gorillas. So, in one important respect it was like the genus "Homo" since it was bipedal. That means it was adapted to living in open woodland and savannah, not tropical rain forest. On the other hand, it had a brain about the size of an ape. This situation, where different traits of an animal evolve at different rates, is known as mosaic evolution.

The oldest hominin footprints in Europe are in Britain. They are about 800,000 years to a million years old. They were found on Happisburgh beach, East Anglia.

The archaeologists describe them as "the oldest known hominin footprint surface outside Africa at between ca. 1 million and 0.78 million years ago". The site in known for its preservation of sediments with early Pleistocene fauna and flora. Since 2005 flint tools have been found. This means humans occupied northern Europe at least 350,000 years earlier than was thought before.


Rachel Griffiths

Rachel Anne Griffiths (born 1968, Melbourne, Australia) is an actress who stars mostly in movies. She played the character Rhonda in "Muriel's Wedding". She also acted in "Hilary and Jackie". She has had a lot of other motion pictures besides these.

Division of Wide Bay

The Division of Wide Bay is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. The division was one of the original 75 divisions created for the first federal election in 1901. Wide Bay is located in south east Queensland. It includes the cities of Maryborough, Gympie, and Noosa Heads. It also covers Fraser Island, and inland areas as far west as Murgon. It is named after Wide Bay, which was named by Captain James Cook in 1770.

Famous members for Wide Bay include three time Prime Minister Andrew Fisher and Warren Truss, the leader of the National Party. 



Nancy Marchand

Nancy Lou Marchand (June 19, 1928 – June 18, 2000) was an American actress. She started her career on stage in 1951. She is best known for her television roles of Margaret Pynchon in "Lou Grant" and Livia Soprano in "The Sopranos".

Marchand was born in Buffalo, New York. She was married to character actor Paul Sparer from 1951 until his death in 1999. The couple had three children.

For a number of years before her death, Marchand had lung cancer and emphysema. She died on June 18, 2000, in Stratford, Connecticut, one day before her 72nd birthday.

Bonnie Bartlett

Bonnie Bartlett (born June 20, 1929 in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin) is an American actress. She works mostly in television. She has been in some movies. She acted in "Little House on the Prairie" and "St. Elsewhere". She received an Emmy Award for "St. Elsewhere".

Bartlett is married to actor William Daniels.

Ignosticism

Ignosticism is the belief that people should avoid taking a position on "the existence of God" until a concept of God has been defined.

Ignostics claim that the sound or row of alphabet letters "God" (with a capital "G") is meaningless because they lack belief that any coherent definition has been presented. They claim ignorance of any meaningful definition for "God" that has been given.

Ignostics claim that "God is what caused everything to exist that exists except God" is not only circular, allegedly defining "God" in terms of "God", but also gives no description for "God" since "what something did" is not "what something is".

It is sometimes considered synonymous with theological noncognitivism.

Bléneau

Bléneau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Béon, Yonne

Béon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bonnard, Yonne

Bonnard is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bœurs-en-Othe

Bœurs-en-Othe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Leigh Taylor-Young

Leigh Taylor-Young (born January 25, 1945, Washington, D.C.) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and television programs. She played Elizabeth in "Secret Admirer". She played Virginia in "Jagged Edge". She also starred in the soap opera "Peyton Place" in the late 1960s.

Priscilla Barnes

Priscilla Barnes (born December 7, 1955 in Fort Dix, New Jersey) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and in television programs. She starred in the sitcom "Three's Company" and the movies "Mallrats" and "Licence to Kill". Some sources give 1955 as her birth date, while others say 1958.

Donald Glover

Donald McKinley Glover Jr. (born September 25, 1983) is an American actor, rapper, singer, songwriter, comedian, musician and record producer.

He is best known for portraying the character Troy Barnes on the comedy television series "Community". He was originally a writer for the comedy series "30 Rock".

Aside from acting, Glover is also a rapper where he performs under the stage name Childish Gambino. He said that he got his stage name from the Wu-Tang Clan name generator. 

From 2006 to 2009 Glover wrote for "30 Rock." In 2008 he and his co-writers were presented with the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Comedy Series for his work on the third season.

In June 2008, he released the independent mixtape "Sick Boi". In September 2009, he released his second mixtape "Poindexter". 

In July 2010, Glover received the Rising Comedy Star award at the Just for Laughs festival and was featured in Gap's 2010 holiday advertising campaign.

He released a couple albums and mixtapes by himself before he released his first album "Camp" for Glassnote Records on November 15, 2011.

In 2015 he played a scientist who brings dead people back to life with disastrous consequences in "The Lazarus Effect". 

In May 2018, he released a single titled "This Is America" while performing as both host and musical guest on "Saturday Night Live". The song debuted at number one, becoming both Glover's first number one and top ten single in the United States.

In 2019, he starred as Simba in the live action remake of "The Lion King".

On March 15, 2020, Glover streamed his surprise fourth album on his website Donald Glover Presents.

Glover began dating Michelle White and they had three sons Legend Glover, Drake Glover and Donald Glover III.

Glover stated actors like Cuba Gooding Jr., Tom Hanks, Giancarlo Esposito, Robert Wisdom, Johnny Depp, Benicio del Toro, Freddie Prinze Jr., Charlie Sheen, Nicolas Cage, Wes Studi, Vin Diesel, Val Kilmer, John Ritter, Will Smith, Brendan Fraser and John Travolta and music artists like Kanye West, Kid Cudi, Outkast, Lupe Fiasco, Frank Ocean, Schooley Q, MF Doom, LCD Soundsystem, Justice, Wu-Tang Clan, Ghostface Killah and The-Dream as influences.



Emberá-Wounaan Comarca

Emberá-Wounaan is an indigenous region of Panama. The population is of 9 544 habitants (2010) and the area is of 4 383,5 km²; was created in 1983.

Emberá-Wounaan has 2 districts and 5 corregimientos:

Kunlun Mountains

Kunlun is a mountain range in China. Lots of people argue how big the mountain range is. The tallest mountain is called Kunlun Goddess and is 7,167 metres tall. There are also lots of volcanoes, one of them is the tallest in Asia. The volcano is 5,808 metres tall and last erupted in 1951.

Blasphemy (band)

Blasphemy are a Canadian black and death metal band from Vancouver, British Columbia. 

The band was formed in 1984 and released their first album, "Fallen Angel of Doom" in 1990. The band was originally signed to Wild Rags but left because the label did not pay them as much as they promised.





Lloyd Hartman Elliott

Lloyd Hartman Elliott (May 21, 1918 – January 1, 2013) was an American educator. He was the president of George Washington University, from 1965 to 1988. He was a teacher at Cornell University and the president of the University of Maine.

Elliot was born on May 21, 1918 in Crosby, Clay County, West Virginia. He studied at Glenville State College. 

He was married to Evelyn Elliot until her death in 2009. They had two children. Elliot died on January 1, 2013 in his home in Clay County, West Virginia from natural causes. He was 94.


Jiřina Jirásková

Jiřina Jirásková (February 17, 1931 – January 7, 2013) was a Czechoslovak actress who is known for her roles in "Caesar and Cleopatra", "Richard III", "The Cherry Orchard", and "The Full Monty".

Jirásková was born on February 17, 1931 in Prague, Czechoslovakia. She was married for two years to Jiří Pleskot until they divorced. Then she spent 27 years with Zdeněk Podskalský until her death. She had no children. Jirásková died on January 7, 2013 in Prague, Czech Republic from natural causes, aged 81.

Two Is Better Than One

"Two is Better Than One" is the second song off the studio record "Love Drunk" from the band Boys Like Girls. The song also features Taylor Swift. It was released in October 2009. It has sold over 1.5 million copies.

Rex Trailer

Rexford "Rex" Trailer (September 16, 1928 – January 9, 2013) was an American actor, singer, cowboy, producer, and television personality who was known for hosting his cowboy television show "Boomtown".

Trailer was born on September 16, 1928 in Fort Worth, Texas. He was raised in Fort Worth and spent most of his adult life in the Boston, Massachusetts area. He was married to Cindy Trailer from 1955 until her death in 2011. They had one child. Trailer died on January 9, 2013 in Miami, Florida from pneumonia, aged 84. 


Sergiu Nicolaescu

Sergiu Florin Nicolaescu (; 13 April 1930 – 3 January 2013) was an Romanian director, actor, and politician who was part of the Romanian Senate from 1992 throught 2011. He was known for his movies such as "Mihai Viteazul", "Dacii", and in "Un comisar acuză".

Nicolaescu was born on April 13, 1930 in Târgu Jiu, Romania. He studied at Polytechnic University of Bucharest. He was raised in Timișoara, Romania. Nicolaescu died on January 3, 2013 in Bucharest, Romania from cardiac arrest resulting from respiratory failure which was caused by abdomen infection-related surgical complications, aged 82.


Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch

Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch were an American hip hop group from Boston, Massachusetts. 

The group was led by Marky Mark and also featured Ashey Ace, Scottie Gee, Hector the Booty Inspector and DJ-T. The group released their debut album "Music for the People" on July 23, 1991. The album featured their best known song "Good Vibrations".

The group had a video game titled "Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch: Make My Video" released by Digital Pictures but it was not successful and is considered to be one of the worst video games ever made.

The band released their second studio album "You Gotta Believe" on September 15, 1992. The band split up in 1993 with Marky Mark joining reggae musician Prince Ital Joe. Marky Mark released until he retired from music in 1998 and became a successful actor.



Aaron Swartz

Aaron Hillel Swartz (November 8, 1986 – January 11, 2013) was an American computer programmer, writer, political organizer, and Internet activist who also helped inventing the first version of RSS. He was arrested in January 6, 2011 and charged with illegally downloading files from JSTOR. Swartz committed suicide in January 11, 2013.

Swartz was born on November 8, 1986 in Chicago, Illinois. Swartz left high school in the 10th grade. He studied at Stanford University. In 2008 Swartz started Watchdog.net, "the good government site with teeth". In 2009 he helped start the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. In 2010 Swartz started Demand Progress.

Swartz committed suicide by hanging himself in his apartment in Brooklyn, New York City, aged 26. Speaking at his son's funeral, Robert Swartz said, "[Aaron] was killed by the government, and MIT betrayed all of its basic principles".

Swartz was given a place in the Internet Hall of Fame in June 2013.

A documentary about Swartz called "The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz" was released in 2014.


Mariangela Melato

Mariangela Melato (September 19, 1941 – January 11, 2013) was an Italian actress who was known for her roles in "Swept Away", "The Seduction of Mimi", "Love and Anarchy", "The Working Class Goes to Heaven", and in "Policewomen".

Melato was born on September 19, 1941 in Milan, Italy. She never married. Melato died on January 11, 2013 from pancreatic cancer in Rome, Italy.


Koto Okubo

Koto Okubo (December 24, 1897 – January 12, 2013) was a Japanese supercentenarian who, at the time of her death, was the oldest living woman in the world, and second-oldest living person behind Jiroemon Kimura after Italian-born Americanwoman Dina Manfredini's death on December 17, 2012.

She was the oldest living Japanese woman since Chiyono Hasegawa's death on December 2, 2011.

She spent her last days in a nursing home in Kawasaki with her son's company. She died of pneumonia at 12.00pm on January 12, 2013, just 19 days after celebrating her 115th birthday, and was succeeded as the oldest living woman by Misao Okawa.

Jiroemon Kimura

Jirōemon Kimura (木村 次郎右衛門, Kimura Jirōemon; 19 April 1897 – 12 June 2013) was a Japanese supercentenarian recognized by the Guinness World Records as the oldest man in history.

Kinjirō Miyake (三宅 金治郎, "Miyake Kinjirō") was born on 19 April 1897 in the fishing village of Kamiukawa (present Kyōtango), as the third of six living children to farmers Morizo and Fusa Miyake. Except for his oldest sister, who died 6 weeks before the age of 5 years in 1892, and his oldest brother, who died just 31 months old in 1894, longevity was common in his family; in late-1980s his second-oldest sister died at age 96, his second-oldest brother at age 91 and his second-youngest brother at age 85, in 1993 his younger sister died at age 93, and his youngest brother as well as last living sibling Tetsuo died in 2007 98 years old.

After he finished school at the age of 14, he worked for local post offices for over 45 years until he retired in 1962 at the age of 65, and thereafter worked until age 90 as a farmer along with his eldest son, who died at age 76 in September 1998, less than 4 weeks after his youngest son, who died at age 54. In the 1920s, he also worked as a government communications worker in Korea, which was at the time a colony of Japan.

After returning from Korea, Miyake married his 6 years, 9 months younger neighbour Yae Kimura, who died at age 75 in 1979, and changed his name to Jirōemon Kimura upon the marriage (since his wife's family lacked a male heir) and had, except their second child, a son who died in 1927 just 20 days before the age of 2 years, 7 children (of whom 5 were still living at the time of his death). He lived in Kyōtango, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan with his eldest son's widow and grandson's widow.

Kimura, who became the oldest living Japanese man after Tomoji Tanabe's death on 19 June 2009, two months after celebrating his 112th birthday and being the 7th Japanese man to do so, became the oldest living man in the world as well as the oldest man to receive the title as the oldest living man after American man Walter Breuning's death on 15 April 2011, just four days before celebrating his 114th birthday and becoming the second Japanese man and the 7th man in the world to do so. Later that year, on 26 October, Kimura became the oldest Japanese man ever and the 5th oldest ever in the world after breaking the record of Yukichi Chuganji.

On 2 December 2011, upon the death of 115-year-old Chiyono Hasegawa, Kimura became the oldest living person in Japan and the third oldest living person in the world behind American woman Besse Cooper and Dina Manfredini, both of whom died in December 2012, whereafter Kimura also became the oldest living person in the world, and also the oldest man ever after breaking Danish-born American man Christian Mortensen's record, and later on 19 April 2013, his 116th birthday, the first and only verified man as well as only the 8th verified person to become at least 116 years old.

After 113-year-old James Sisnett's death on 23 May, Kimura became the last living man in the world born in the 19th century, after already being the last living Japanese man since 111-year-old Tanekichi Onishi from Hokkaido, who was just a week older than Sisnett, died on 11 September 2011, and even the last living person born in 1897 since Japanese woman Koto Okubo, who was the oldest living woman, died at age 115 years, 19 days on 12 January 2013.

According to Kimura himself, the sun above him was the secret to his long life, but also that he trained eating until he was only 80 % full, drank alcohol only in moderation and never smoked.

From 11 May 2013, Kimura was hospitalized for pneumonia and later blood-sugar problems and recovered temporarily, but his health continued to decline as his blood-sugar level, urine production and response declined, though until 2.08am the night of 12 June when Kimura died of natural causes aged 116 years, 54 days. He was succeeded as the oldest living person by Japanese woman Misao Okawa, who already was the oldest living woman since Koto Okubo's death, and as the oldest living man by Spanish-born American man Salustiano Sanchez, who was over 4 years younger.

Kimura was survived by his two daughters and three sons, 13 of 14 grandchildren, 25 great-grandchildren and 15 great-great-grandchildren.


Ron Mercer

Ron Mercer (born May 18, 1976) is a former NBA basketball player for the Boston Celtics. He wore number 5 jersey for most of his career. He went to school at the University of Kentucky. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. 


Shark Tank

Shark Tank is an American television show. It is on ABC. It is based on the reality television series "Dragons' Den". The began in 2009. 

In each episode, small companies and inventors bring their products to a group of investors called the "Sharks". They offer a percentage of their company or rights to their product in exchange for money or help from the investors.

In addition to its regular programming, the show has hosted episodes of kids pitching the Sharks, featuring influential kid inventors such as Gary Leschinsky.

Common terms used in "Shark Tank":


Ty Lawson

Ty Lawson (born November 3, 1987 in Clinton, Maryland) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Houston Rockets in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Denver Nuggets from 2009 until 2015. He went to school at the University of North Carolina.

On July 20, 2015, the Nuggets traded him along with a second round pick in the 2017 NBA draft to the Houston Rockets in exchange for Joey Dorsey, Nick Johnson, Kostas Papanikolaou, Pablo Prigioni, a first round pick in the 2016 NBA draft, and cash.


He Pingping

He Pingping (July 13, 1988 – March 13, 2010) was a Chinese citizen who was the world's shortest man who can walk. He was only 74 centimeters long. He met with Xi Shun, Sultan Kösen, and Svetlana Pankratova.

Pingping was born on July 14, 1988, in Ulanqab, Inner Mongolia, China. He died on March 13, 2010, from heart failure in Milan, Italy, aged 21.

Svetlana Pankratova

Svetlana Pankratova (born April 29, 1971) is a Russian citizen who holds the record for world's longest legs on a female body 4 feet 4 inches. Her height is 6 feet 5 inches.

Pankratova was born on April 29, 1971 in Volgograd, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, USSR. She studied at Virginia Commonwealth University. She now lives in London, England.

Ronnie and Donnie Galyon

Ronnie and Donnie Galyon (October 28, 1951 – July 4, 2020) were American conjoined twins. They held the record for the oldest conjoined twins in the world. They were on a reality show "The World's Oldest Coinjoined Twins".

Ronnie and Donnie Galyon were born on October 28, 1951 in Dayton, Ohio. They shared organs, so they could not be separated. They almost died when they suffered a blood clot. They lived in Dayton, Ohio.

Galyon died on July 4, 2020 under hospice care in Dayton from congestive heart failure, aged 68.


William M. Daley

William Michael “Bill” Daley (born August 9, 1948) is an American lawyer and former banker. He served as the White House Chief of Staff after Rahm Emanuel successfully ran for Mayor of Chicago from 2011 through 2012. He is the son of Richard J. Daley and brother of Richard M. Daley (who's successor was Emanuel as Mayor of Chicago). He also was the United States Secretary of Commerce from 1997 through 2000.

Daley was born on August 9, 1948 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Loyola University Chicago and at John Marshall Law School. He is married to Bernadette Keller.

Daley was also a candidate for Governor in the 2014 gubernatorial election for the Democratic primary. On September 16, 2013, Daley made a surprise announcement that he was exiting the race for Illinois Governor due to the personal issues.

After two-term mayor Rahm Emanuel announced he would not seek reelection, it was reported on September 14, 2018, that Daley would run for Mayor of Chicago. He came in third place behind Lori Lightfoot and Toni Preckwinkle.


Debra Winger

Mary Debra Winger (born May 16, 1955) is an American actress who stars primarily in movies. She was born in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, into a Jewish family. She acted in "Urban Cowboy" (1980), "Mike's Murder" and "Everybody Wins". She took hiaus from acting from 1995 to 2001, and then resumed her career. She has recently acted in some independent movies.

Pulya Taylor

Pulya Taylor (born 1931) is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She makes wooden objects, known in the Western Desert as '. She makes these by carving the wood and then engraving patterns (') into its surface with a burning wire. This technique is called pokerwork. The wood she uses is sourced locally from the area around Uluṟu, where she lives.

Taylor was born and grew up around Walytjatjata, in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory. She began working in arts and crafts at Ernabella in the late 1940s. She later moved to Amaṯa with her husband, Tony Tjamiwa. In 1983, Taylor and Tjamiwa, together with Topsy Tjulyata, Walter Pukutiwara, Peter Yates and Pat D'Arango, travelled around artist communities in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This was to discuss the idea of setting up a new craft centre at Uluṟu, which would sell artworks from around the region to tourists. The couple moved to Muṯitjulu so that they could help set it up. Taylor was one of the first artists for Maṟuku Arts, and she is still an executive member.

Taylor is probably best known for her sculptures of animals, such as birds, numbats, snakes, the echidna, and the perentie lizard. The animals all have spiritual "" legends attached to them, and each represents a different creation ancestor from the Dreamtime.

Taylor's work has been exhibited in many places around Australia. It has also been shown overseas, including at the Commonwealth Institute in London, in 2000. Examples of her work are held in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, the National Gallery of Australia, and the National Museum of Australia.


Rob Kardashian

Robert Arthur "Rob" Kardashian (born March 17, 1987) is an American television personality, model and socialite. His sisters are Kourtney, Kim, and Khloé Kardashian. His half siblings include Burton Jenner, Casey Jenner, Kylie Jenner, Brody Jenner and Kendall Jenner. 

He is best known for appearing on his family's reality television shows, such as "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" and "Khloé & Lamar". He is also known for dating pop star Rita Ora for a short time. His mother is Kris Jenner and father was Robert Kardashian (1944-2003). Caitlyn Jenner used to be his stepfather. Kardashian competed in "Dancing with the Stars" with Cheryl Burke in fall 2011.

In December of 2015 it was reported that Kardashian was hospitalized after falling ill and diagnosed with diabetes.

In January 2016, E! News reported that he was dating Blac Chyna. Chyna's former partner, rapper Tyga, dated Rob's youngest half-sister, Kylie Jenner. Weeks later, Kardashian became engaged to Chyna, and they were expecting a baby due October 2016. Their daughter, Dream Renee Kardashian, was born on November 10, 2016. Dream is Kardashian's first child and Chyna's second, after having a son with Tyga.

Alicia Bridges

Alicia Bridges (born July 15, 1953 in North Carolina) is an American singer. She was popular in the late 1970s. Her hit song "I Love the Nightlife" was her signature song, although Bridges had other songs.

Batgirl

Batgirl is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is one of Batman's side-kicks and a member of the Batman Family similar to Robin. There have been several women to take the position over the years. The original Batgirl during the Silver Age was Bette Kane. This was later removed from continuity, and the character was reintroduced under the alias Flamebird. The most well-recognized Batgirl is Barbara Gordon, daughter of Commissioner Gordon, and the original in modern continuity. She was Batgirl for many years until the Joker shot her through the spine during the events of "" and paralyzed her. Barbara still fought crime from her wheel-chair as Oracle, an international super-hacker and invaluable computers expert for heroes everywhere. 

Cassandra Cain, daughter of the assassin David Cain, became the next Batgirl while seeking redemption for her father's crimes. She was eventually manipulated into going rogue by Deathstroke and gave up the cowl after she had recovered from her mental breakdown. The teleporter Misfit briefly called herself Batgirl when she started her vigilante career on the streets, although she changed her name after she was taken in by the Birds of Prey. Stephanie Brown, originally known as Spoiler and a former Robin, became Batgirl after the apparent death of Batman. Gordon has since returned to the position in the DCnU following a recovery.

"Batgirl" was created as Betty Kane by Bill Finger and Sheldon Moldoff, first appearing in "Batman" #139 (1961).

Barbara Gordon was created by Julius Schwartz, Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino after a concept by William Dozier, first appearing in "Detective Comics" #359 (1967).

Helena Bertinelli first appeared as Batgirl in "Batman: Shadow of the Bat" #83 (1999).

Cassandra Cain was created by Kelley Puckett, Damion Scott and Alex Maleev, first appearing as Batgirl in "Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight" #120 (1999).

Charlotte Gage-Radcliffe started acting on her own as Batgirl in "Birds of Prey" #96 (2006).

Stephanie Brown took the position in "Batgirl" (Volume 3) #1 (2009).


Barbara Gordon

Barbara Gordon is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is a vigilante super-hero operating as a member of the Batman Family, and (depending on which continuity) the daughter or niece of Gotham City's Police commissioner James Gordon. Beginning her career as Batgirl working alongside Batman and the first Robin, she is an extremely intelligent detective and martial artist who maintains a civilian identity as a librarian. Following the events of where the Joker paralyzed her from the waist down with a gunshot, she began using the name Oracle to help Batman and other heroes using a massive world-wide communications and espionage network. There are several others who take up her mantle as Batgirl during this time, including Cassandra Cain and Stephanie Brown whom she mentors, but she is eventually able to walk again and returns to her position. She is a founding member of the Birds of Prey, but has also been involved with the Justice League, the Suicide Squad and the Seven Soldiers of Victory.

Barbara Gordon was created by Julius Schwartz, Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino after a concept by William Dozier, first appearing in "Detective Comics" #359 (1967). John Ostrander reinvented her as Oracle in Suicide Squad #23 (1989), although this new identity wouldn't be fully revealed until "Suicide Squad" #38 (1990).

As both Batgirl and Oracle, Barbara Gordon has been featured in various adaptations related to the Batman franchise, including television, film, animation, video games, and other merchandise. Aside from Craig, the character has been portrayed by Dina Meyer, Alicia Silverstone (as Barbara Wilson), and Jeté Laurence, and has been voiced by Melissa Gilbert, Tara Strong, Danielle Judovits, Alyson Stoner, Mae Whitman, Kimberly Brooks and Briana Cuoco among others. Barbara Gordon appeared in the third season of the HBO Max series "Titans" as the new commissioner of Gotham City portrayed by Savannah Welch. The character was slated for a solo film set in the DCEU, starring Leslie Grace in the title role and intended to be released on HBO Max but was canceled in August 2022. In 2011, Barbara Gordon ranked 17th in IGN's "Top 100 Comic Book Heroes".

Joan Mondale

Joan Adams Mondale (née Adams; August 8, 1930 – February 3, 2014) was the second lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981 as the wife of the 42nd vice president of the United States, Walter Mondale.

Mondale was born to John Maxwell Adams and Eleanor Jane Hall. She was one of the three daughters in her family. She attended schools in Wallingford, Pennsylvania.

On February 2, 2014, the Mondale family announced that she had entered hospice care for Alzheimer's disease. She died at the hospice from the disease in Minneapolis the following day, surrounded by members of her family.

Dick Grayson

Richard John "Dick" Grayson Wayne is a comic book superhero created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger for DC Comics. As a supporting character to Batman, Dick was first introduced as Batman's crime-fighting partner Robin. As he transitioned into adulthood, Dick decided to take on the persona of Nightwing.

Dick Grayson has appeared as Robin in several other media adaptations: the 1943 serial played by Douglas Croft, the 1949 serial played by Johnny Duncan, the 1966–1968 live action "Batman" television series and its motion picture portrayed by Burt Ward, and played by Chris O'Donnell in the 1995 movie "Batman Forever" and its 1997 sequel, "Batman & Robin". Dick Grayson appeared in the "Titans" television series for the DC Universe streaming service and HBO Max played by Brenton Thwaites. Loren Lester voiced the character Robin in "" and later as Nightwing's first screen adaptation in "The New Batman Adventures", Jesse McCartney voices Grayson as both Robin and Nightwing in "", Sean Maher voices Nightwing in the "DC Animated Movie Universe", and Michael Cera voices an overly cheerful Grayson as Robin in "The Lego Batman Movie". In May 2011, IGN ranked Dick Grayson No. 11 on their list of the "Top 100 Super Heroes of All Time". In 2013, ComicsAlliance ranked Grayson as Nightwing as No. 1 on its list of the "50 Sexiest Male Characters in Comics".

Ventriloquist (character)

The Ventriloquist is the name of multiple fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are all enemies of the superhero Batman. The Ventriloquist is a gangster that usually speaks through a puppet named Scarface, which his mental illness leads him to believe is a separate person. His dissociative identity disorder allows him to commit ruthless violent crimes while maintaining a quiet and meek personality, pretending that he is simply Scarface's servant. Despite years of practice, Arnold Wesker is still unable to pronounce the letter "B" while throwing his voice, instead replacing it with "G" while fighting Batman. Following his death during "Face the Face", a woman named Peyton Riley became his successor. In the New 52 continuity, Shauna Belzer became Wesker's successor.

The character was created by Alan Grant, John Wagner and Norm Breyfogle, first appearing in "Detective Comics #583 (1988)."

He is voiced by George Dzundza in "".

Bill Finger

William "Bill" Finger (February 8, 1914 – January 18, 1974) was an American comic book writer and artist who helped create Batman, Green Lantern, and some villains along with Bob Kane and Jerry Robinson.


Count Vertigo

Count Werner Vertigo is a fictional Batman-Green Arrow character who is an European madman who can control the aims from guns so that no one can shot him. He also knows karate, judo, fencing, and boxing, so making him one of the hardest physical characters that Batman has to face (besides Ra's al Ghul and Bane). He is deaf and has dipolar disorder.

He was voiced by Michael York in "".

Rachel Dawes

Rachel Dawes was a fictional Batman character who is good friends with Bruce Wayne and is one of the few people who knows Batman's secret identity. She was the love life of Harvey Dent until she was killed in a mass explosion causes by The Joker.

She was played by Katie Holmes in "Batman Begins" and the tie-in video game and by Maggie Gyllenhaal in "The Dark Knight".


Holly Robinson (comics)

Holly Robinson is a fictional Batman character who is friends with Selina Kyle. She is the crime-partner of Catwoman for bank robbery. For a short while, she became Catwoman because Selina had her first baby. In some appearances, she is a lesbian.

She was played by Juno Temple as Jen in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Batman: The Animated Series

Batman: The Animated Series was an Emmy Award-winning television series that ran from 1992 through 1995. The series was about the daily life and the crimes Batman faced in Gotham City. The voice casts includes Kevin Conroy, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Bob Hastings, Mark Hamill, Adrienne Barbeau, Roddy McDowall, Brock Peters, Adam West, Michael Ansara, John Glover, Henry Polic II, Lloyd Bochner, Henry Silva, and Paul Williams. The series won four Emmy Awards and was nominated for nine.


Pavel Datsyuk

Pavel Datsyuk was born 20 July, 1978. The city where he was born is named Yekaterinburg in Russia. He was a professional ice hockey player and played for SKA Saint Petersburg. He used to play in the NHL for the Detroit Red Wings.

His mother died when he was 12 years old. In the middle of the 1990s, he started to play for the farm team of Dynamo Yekaterinburg. There he was noticed by the new trainer of the team, Vladimir Krikunov. He saw the talent of the young Datsyuk on the soccer field. He noticed his anticipation, vision and intelligence were certainly over the average of the team. It took a long time before Pavel was contacted by an NHL scout, because he was too small. He was only 1,73m and 66 kg when he began his professional career. He was not supposed to be drafted in the NHL, but the scout of the Detroit Red Wings came to watch the defenseman Dimitiri Kilimine and he was impressed by this little sized player.

Pavel Datsyuk was drafted in 1998 by the Detroit Red Wings, 171st overall. He began to play in the NHL in 2001-2002; he played 70 games and scored 11 goals. One year later, a new prospect joined the team, Henrik Zetterberg. They played together with the veteran, Brett Hull. Since that season, Henrik and Pavel are still playing with each other. Pavel is a center and one of the best two way player of the NHL. In a survey made by the journalist, 247 hockey players, consider Pavel as the most difficult player to take the puck off during a game. He won many trophies in the league. Four years in a row he won the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy. The most productive years of Pavel Datsyuk were in 2008-2009, where he collected 97 points for 32 goals and 65 assists.


Alison Eastwood

Alison Eastwood (May 22, 1972 in California) is an American actress. She is the daughter of Clint Eastwood. Her first movie role was with her father in "Tightrope" (1984). She also directs movies, the first being "Rails & Ties" in 2007.

Alison Sweeney

Alison Sweeney (born September 19, 1976 in Los Angeles) is an American actress. She stars mostly on television programs. She has acted as Samantha Brady on the soap "Days of Our Lives". She also does reality television programs.

Alberto Falcone

Alberto Falcone is a fictional Batman character who is also known as the Holiday Killer. He is the son of Gotham Mafia leader Carmine Falcone. He is also a mobster, but does not have control over his dad's crime organization. It was once thought that Joseph Gordon-Levitt was to play him, but ended up playing John Blake.

Gérard Depardieu

Gérard Xavier Marcel Depardieu (born 27 December 1948) is a French actor, movie producer and director. He was born in Chateauroux, Indre. He is one of the most prolific actors in film history, having completed approximately 170 movies since 1967.

He won the César Award for Best Actor for his performances in "The Last Metro" (1980). He received the Venice Film Festival Award for Best Actor in "Police" (1985). For "Cyrano de Bergerac" (1990) he won the Cannes Film Festival for Best Actor, his second César Award and his first Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. Depardieu won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his role in "Green Card".

He lives in Belgium. In 2013 he was granted Russian citizenship.

Black Mask

Black Mask is the name of two fictional Batman villains from DC Comics who have a black skull and a black suit who in some cases is a crime boss leader. The first Black Mask was Roman Sionis who hated masks, but he wore toxic make-up that made him to have the black skull. The second Black Mask was Jeremiah Arkham, the boss of Arkham Asylum, so after the death of the first Black Mask he wanted to continue his legacy, so he became the second Black Mask.

In "Batman Returns", Christopher Walken's character Max Shreck was burned and the corpse had a look alike to Black Mask. He was portrayed by Ewan McGregor in the 2020 movie "Birds of Prey".

Jeremiah Arkham

Jeremiah Arkham is a fictional Batman character who was the head doctor and manager of Arkham Asylum where all of Gotham City's criminals and killers are held up. He later becomes the second Black Mask after the first one was killed by Catwoman.

Killer Moth

Killer Moth (Cameron van Cleer) is a fictional Batman character who appears in comic books by DC Comics. He has the ability to fly because he wears a striped purple and green spandex, orange cape and a moth-like mask. He is sometimes confused with Firefly. The character has appeared in tv shows, movies, and video games too. He was once a Gotham prisoner Cameron van Cleer.

Jason Todd

Jason Todd is a fictional Batman character who was the second Robin when the first left. Todd was founded by Batman when he tried to steal some parts from the Batmobile. Batman later trained him to become the second Robin. He was later killed by The Joker when he beat him-up and then blew him up with a time bomb. He later returned as the Red Hood.


Hush (comics)

Hush (Dr. Thomas Elliot) is a fictional Batman character who is an identity thief and is also a friend of Bruce Wayne. His parents were in a car crash that he planed, but his mother lived from an operation from Thomas Wayne which made him angry.

Jimmy Olsen

Jimmy Olsen is a fictional Superman character from the DC Comics universe, who works for the Daily Planet with Clark Kent and Lois Lane. His boss is Perry White. He thinks that Clark Kent and Lois Lane are his "heroes". He becomes "The Nail" in a comic book theme.

The character has appeared in most other media adaptations of Superman. He was portrayed by Tommy Bond in the two Superman movie serials, "Superman" (1948) and "Atom Man vs. Superman" (1950). Jack Larson played the character on the "Adventures of Superman" television show; Marc McClure in the "Superman" movies of the 1970s and 1980s, as well as the 1984 film "Supergirl"; Michael Landes in the first season of "" and Justin Whalin in the subsequent three seasons; Sam Huntington in the 2006 movie "Superman Returns"; Aaron Ashmore in The CW's "Smallville"; and Michael Cassidy in the 2016 DC Extended Universe movie "". In the Arrowverse series "Supergirl", he was portrayed by Mehcad Brooks. He will be portrayed by Skyler Gisondo in the upcoming "Superman".

Jonathan and Martha Kent

Jonathan and Martha Kent are fictional Superman characters who were the adopted parents when they found the baby Superman in the field. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. They cared for "Clark Kent" until he became an adult. The Kents died from a rare tropical disease with Martha dying first. Before he died, Jonathan told the Clark should use his powers for good in earth. In other cases, Jonathan dies and Martha is still alive.

Glenn Ford and Phyllis Thaxter play Jonathan and Martha in "Superman: The Movie", Eva Marie Saint plays Martha in "Superman Returns", while Kevin Costner and Diane Lane play them in "Man of Steel".


Jean Charest

John James "Jean" Charest (born 24 June 1958) is a French Canadian politician. He was Premier of Quebec from 2003 until 2012 under the Quebec Liberal Party.

Charest was born and grew up in Sherbrooke, Quebec. Before politics, he worked as a lawyer. He received his diploma from the University of Sherbrooke in 1981, and was admitted to the Bar of Quebec the same year. After 3 years of working in court, Charest decided to join the Conservative Party of Canada in 1984. He was only 26 years old when he was elected as the representative of Sherbrooke.

Jean Charest had joined the Conservative Party of Canada in 1984. In the same year, he was appointed as Assistant Deputy Chair of Committees of the House of Commons. On June 1986, he joined the Cabinet of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. He was the youngest person to serve in the Cabinet. He was given the job of Minister of State for Youth. Charest was re-elected in 1988, and served as Minister of State for Fitness and Amateur Sport.

In 1984, the Prime Minister of Canada, Brian Mulroney, promised that Quebec would sign the Canadian Constitution, which every other province had already signed two years before. Jean Charest was very involved in this project, but it did not succeed.

In 1995, Quebec was governed by the Parti Québécois, who started a referendum about whether Quebec should stay as a part of Canada. In others words, the population had the choice of staying or leaving the country. Jean Charest was against the idea of Quebec leaving the union. The results were very close, but Quebec stayed as part of the country.

During the 1990s, the sovereignty movement was at its height. Jean Charest, who was a big part of the "No" campaign in 1995, had won the support of many federalists from Quebec. This is why he joined the Liberal Party of Quebec in 1998, as the leader of the party. In 1998, Charest participated at his first election as a leader of a party. He received more votes than his opponent, but did not reach the majority. He stayed as official Leader of the Opposition until 29 April 2003.

Charest won the next election and became Premier of Quebec on the 29 April 2003 by receiving 45.99% of the votes from the electors. Mario Dumont from the "Action Démocratique du Québec" and Bernard Landry from the "Parti Quebecois" were his opponents. The Liberal Party won 76 out of 125 seats.

During his government, there were crises with the housing industry and university funding. Charest was not able to lower taxes as he had promised during his campaign. In the 2008 election, the Liberal Party under Jean Charest got re-elected as the government, with 66 out of 125 seats and 42% of the votes from Quebec's electors. Charest himself was less popular in this election than the other one before. He gained 33.08% of the votes from the electors.

The popularity of Jean Charest dropped down very quickly. On 4 September 2012, Charest had been defeated and he decided to quit.

After his resignation, Jean Charest decided to give more time to his family and begin working again as lawyer. At least five law firms have shown interest in his services, especially one in Toronto.

In March 2022, Charest announced his candidacy in the race for the leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. He lost the election in September 2022 to Pierre Poilievre.

At the age of 18 years old, Jean Charest met Michèle Dionne who became his wife. They met while they were studying in Sherbrooke. Michèle Dionne had been considerate as a big part of his career, she has supported and has influenced many of his choices while he was in politics. Amélie, Antoine and Alexandra are their 3 children.

Martha Wayne

Martha (née Kane) Wayne was a fictional Batman character who was the mother of Bruce Wayne. She was the wife of Thomas Wayne. After her and her husband were killed, her only son, Bruce becomes Batman because of their killing. She was created by Bill Finger.

Lauren Cohan plays Martha in the DC Extended Universe first appearing in "" (2016).

Thomas Wayne

Dr. Thomas Wayne is a fictional Batman character who was the father of Bruce Wayne and the husband of Martha Wayne. He was the founder of Wayne Enterprises and was one of Gotham's best doctors. He had a strong relationship with Bruce until he was killed along with his wife by Joe Chill. From his death Bruce became Batman to avenge their deaths.

Jeffrey Dean Morgan plays Thomas in the DC Extended Universe first appearing in "" (2016) and Brett Cullen plays him in the 2019 movie "Joker".

Bat-Signal

The Bat-Signal is a fictional distress signal that shines a light into the sky with a shadow in the shape of a bat to call Batman and Robin when there's a crime happening or when James Gordon has a lead on a case. Gordon, Harvey Dent, Harvey Bullock, Hamilton Hill, and Barbara Gordon have access to the machine. Many spoofs of the machine are made in many television shows.

Wayne Manor

Wayne Manor is the home of Gotham City billionaire Bruce Wayne and his butler Alfred Pennyworth. The manor was the childhood home of Bruce when his parents were alive. The Manor was part of the Wayne's family for generations. Under the manor is the Batcave or Batman's lair.


Batcave

The Batcave is the fictional secret lair of Batman. It is on the foundation of Wayne Manor. There are two ways into the cave, one is through a waterfall on the back of the cave and the other is a built-in elevator that leads from the library of Wayne Manor to the bridge of the cave. It holds all of Batman's secrets, gadgets, the Batmobile, and a real gorge. The cave also has millions of bats.


Wayne Enterprises

Wayne Enterprises, Inc., also known as WayneCorp and Wayne Industries, is a fictional company that was created by Thomas Wayne. The company has three main owners Bruce Wayne, Dick Grayson, and CEO of the company Lucius Fox. The enterprises makes one the leading materials and technology in Gotham City. The company also makes and gives Batman all his gadgets and weapons he needs to save Gotham. The enterprise has about $31.6 million dollars.

Batboat

The Batboat is the fictional waterboat that Batman uses to travel to places on the sea or lakes. The boat was a product from Wayne Enterprises made by Lucius Fox. The boat holds many weapon buttons from Batman can push them to pull out a gadget and use it during and attack. The boat has enough space for two. The boat can also turn in a submarine.

The boat has appeared in "Batman", "Batman Returns", and in "Batman Forever".

Batcycle

The Batcycle is the fictional personal motorcycle for Batman that has built-in guns. It also as a bullet proof window guard. The batcycle either comes alone or it is built into the Batmobile. The batcycle appeares in "Batman" and as the Bat Pod in "The Dark Knight" and in "The Dark Knight Rises". In the Christopher Nolan movies, "The Dark Knight, "the cycle was built into the Batmobile," "and in" The Dark Knight Rises" the cycle was given to Catwoman. The cycle was built in Wayne Enterprises by Lucius Fox.

Bonnie Tyler

Gaynor Hopkins (born 8 June 1951), known as Bonnie Tyler, is a Welsh singer, songwriter, and philanthropist. 

She has had several major hit songs such as "Holding Out for a Hero", "Lost in France," "It's a Heartache" and "Total Eclipse of the Heart" which became major hits in the late 1970s and early 1980s. 

Tyler represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö with the song "Believe in Me". The song finished in 19th place.

Tyler was nominated for a Grammy Award three times and a Brit Award three times. She was awarded an MBE in 2022.

A list of Tyler's albums:


There are also collections of songs from the above albums.


Batplane

The Batplane, later known as the Batwing is the personal airplane for Batman. The plane was built by Wayne Enterprises by Lucius Fox. It is part plane part helicopter or "The Batcopter". The plane holds many guns and gadgets in case of an air attack. It also can air-park while up in the air. The plane appeared in "Batman", "Batman Forever", and as The Bat in "The Dark Knight Rises".


Batmobile

The Batmobile is the personal car for Batman and Robin. The Batmobile was made from Wayne Enterprises by Lucius Fox. The Batmobile appeared in all Batman movies ever made, but in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Trilogy" it was named The Tumbler throughout the trilogy. The Batmobile holds many weapons and gadgets.


Blackgate Prison

Blackgate Prison is a fictional prison where normal prisoners are taken into jail. The prison is off the coast of Gotham Bay which is like Alcatraz Island. In other cases the prison is in the city such as in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Blackgate Prison is unlike Arkham Asylum, in which many people like Rupert Thorne, Carmine Falcone, The Penguin, Ventriloquist, and Victor Zsasz are held. The prison was in "The Dark Knight Rises" when Bane used the Batmobile to shoot the prison open to free all the prisoners to occupy Gotham.


Arkham Asylum

Arkham Asylum is a fictional asylum in Gotham City where the crazy Batman criminals live. This includes: The Joker, Bane, Two-Face, Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, Mr. Freeze, Riddler, Penguin, Scarecrow, Killer Croc, and Jeremiah Arkham. The leading doctor of Arkham was Jeremiah Arkham before turning into the second Black Mask. Arkham was destroyed many times and many times the criminals escaped.

Arkham appeared in "Batman Forever", "Batman & Robin" and in "Batman Begins". Besides, "" is an acclaimed action-adventure videogame created in 2009, followed by "" (2011) as the prequel called "" (2013) and the most recent installment "" (2015), which are set in the Batman universe, especifically in this fictional place.


Laura Leighton

Laura Leighton (July 24, 1968 in Iowa City, Iowa) is an American actress. She works mainly on television programs. She plays Ashley Marin in "Pretty Little Liars". She also played Sydney Andrews in the primetime soap opera "Melrose Place". Leighton has also appeared in other television shows.

Chairlift

A chairlift, also called an elevated passenger ropeway, is a type of public transport. It is like a chair that runs on cables. The cable is placed over the chair to lift it from the ground and they run between two (or more) stations. The cable is moved around by motors and lifted from the ground by towers. There are many chairs on the cable so that many people can be transported.

Chairlifts are found in skiing resorts, where they help skiers go up the mountain. They are sometimes better than gondola lifts because the skier does not need to remove the skis. He/she can sit down on the chair and then leave it at the top of the mountain very quickly. Old chairlifts are small and slow. Newer ones can carry up to 8 people. They are also faster overall, but they slow down at the station, making it easier to get on and off. Sometimes they even have a glass bubble that can be closed to keep people warm inside.


Yasmine Bleeth

Yasmine Amanda Bleeth (June 14, 1968 in New York) is an American actress. She works mainly on television programs. She played Caroline Holden in the television soap "Baywatch". She also did other television shows. She was born in New York City.

Gena Lee Nolin

Gena Lee Nolin (born November 29, 1971, Duluth, Minnesota) is an American actress. She performs mostly on television. She starred in the primetime television soap opera "Baywatch". She also created her own show, "Sheena", in 2000.

Louise Fletcher

Estelle Louise Fletcher (July 22, 1934 – September 23, 2022) was an American actress. She won many awards for her television and movie acting. She is most famous for playing the main antagonist "Nurse Ratched" in the movie "One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975). That earned her an Academy Award for Best Actress, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe Award in 1976. She was also well-known for her role as the Bajoran religious leader "Kai Winn Adami" in the television series "" (1993–99). She acted in many other movies and television series.

On September 23, 2022, Fletcher died at her home in Montdurausse, France, at the age of 88.


Gena Rowlands

Gena Rowlands (born June 19, 1930 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American actress. She has gotten several Golden Globe and Emmy Awards. She starred opposite Robert Lansing in "The 87th Precinct" as a woman who was deaf. She also acted in the 1980 picture "Gloria" as the title character. She was married to director John Cassavetes until his death in 1989. They had three children.

Diverticulitis

Diverticulitis is a disease of the digestive system. It is caused by inflammation of pouches (diverticula) in the walls of the bowel. It usually occurs in the large intestine. Diverticula can also be in the upper digestive tract at the level of the esophagus, stomach and small intestine.

Symptoms of diverticulitis depend on the extent of inflammation in the intestine. Diverticulitis can be very painful. The pain is usually present in the lower abdomen on the left side. People with diverticulitis can also have nausea, vomiting, difficulty or pain while passing urine and changes in bowel habits.

One of the complications of diverticulitis can be the formation of an abscess in the abdominal cavity. The inflammation or infection can then reach the abdominal wall and causes peritonitis. This infection can also spread to other parts of the body such as organs near the intestine, causing sepsis, which is dangerous. In addition, a fistula may form between the intestine and other organs. Diverticulitis may also cause a blockage in the colon.

To prevent diverticulitis, it is important to be active and to have a diet rich in fibers. These include eating (fruits, vegetables, legumes and cereals). It is also possible to reduce the risks of diverticulitis in several ways: chew foods before swallowing, defecate as soon as you feel the need, eat less fats and meats, do more physical activities, eat probiotics and drink water regularly.

To diagnose diverticulitis, it is important to do a barium enema X-ray to see the shape of the intestine wall. Diverticula can be seen with a axial tomographie scan (CT scan). It is also possible to prescribe an abdominal radiograph to indicate if there is a perforation. After the acute phase or absence of acute diverticulitis, the doctor can prescribe a colonoscopy to look at the colon and determine the evolution of the disease.

The resection of the colon is the procedure most often used to treat severe diverticulitis. It is also possible to do a resection of the diseased part of the colon and make a colostomy. In fact, if a diverticulitis is too large, a colostomy could be necessary either temporarily or permanently.

Show jumping

Show jumping is an equestrian event that uses English riding. 
The rider and horse must complete an obstacle course under the rules of the International Federation of Equestrian sports.

The sport was born in the 18th century by fox hunters when England introduced fencing laws. Hunters were now obligated to jump fences and this became a very popular activity. In 1912, show jumping made its first appearance in the Olympic Games.

Show jumping is one of the very few sports where men and women are equal in competitions. This sport requires a muscular horse with a good cardiovascular endurance. Also, it must have a quick and stable temperament for the best performance. The breeds that are the most sought for this sport are Selle Français, Anglo-Arabe, Oldenburg, Warmblood (including Holsteiner and Hanoverian), Thoroughbred and Trakehner.

To win the first place, the rider and his horse must complete the course as quickly as possible without making any mistakes. A fault or mistake occurs when the horse knocks down a fence or obstacle or if it disobeys; such as refusing to jump or makes a run-out. In fact, if a fault occurs the rider receives a penalty and loses automatically four points per mistake. Also, a rider can lose some points if he exceeds the given time; a penalty is deduced at each exceeding second. Also, a rider can be eliminated because of a fall down or does not do the course correctly. The course is established in advance by the course designer. A designated judge decides whether the rider is eliminated or not and if he is, the judge decides when.
The riders who complete a course without any mistake can go to the next step, which is the jump-off. It is a shorter race: again the goal is to complete the course as quickly as possible and without making any mistake. The rider who has the best time wins the competition. If mistakes are made, seconds are added to the final time and this is why only the time score determines the winners.

Pauline Gill

Pauline Gill is a writer from Quebec, member of . She grew up in Bas-St-Laurent and lived in Longueil for thirty-three years. She has been in Verchères since 2006. She studied sociology, pedagogy, history and letters at university. From 1996 to 2001, Pauline Gill was a linguistic reviser for the Collège Rosemont and some publishing houses. She co-founded in 1988, so she wrote some chronicles in its newspaper by the years. In 2001, she has been co-scenarist to produce a television series on her trilogy "". Pauline Gill has accomplished a lot of things in her life.
Before starting only writing, she taught a lot (1959-1996) in primary schools, high schools and colleges. She taught sociology, gerontology and history of Quebec. She has also been a research assistant for the INRS (Briefly, ), sector society and culture. Since 1990, she has been writing full time. She writes history books that talk about women of the past who built Quebec. She wrote the trilogy "Docteure Irma", about the life of Irma LeVasseur, first French Canadian woman who has studied medicine. She also wrote ', which is about Victoire Du Sault, the first lady to become a shoemaker. Other works are ', ', and '.

However, she not only wrote about history. She has also written for young people.


Islamic philosophy

Islamic philosophy is philosophy that is practiced in countries where Islam has a strong influence on society. The product of Islamic philosophy is an Islamic society. Philosophy, as a "project of independent philosophical inquiry", began in Baghdad in the middle of the eighth century.

Early Islamic philosophy refers to the time period of the 8th to the 12th century. This time is often called the Islamic Golden Age. There are two main branches of philosophy, Kalam, and Falsafa. Falsafa is a word that comes from Greek; it refers to the kind of philosophy much like it was done in Ancient Greece. Kalam literally means "speech": it uses dialectic in philosophy. One of the first "discussions" was about free will, a school called "Qadar" said there was free will, another school called the Jabarites said there was not.

Great highland bagpipe

The Great Highland bagpipe is a four-reed woodwind instrument from Scotland. The instrument is made of a leather or synthetic bag. The three drones are single-reed instruments and make harmonies. The chanter is a double-reed instrument used to play the melody. The instrument also has a blowpipe used to inflate the bag.

The bag is filled with air by the player to inflate it and flow air into the drones and the chanter. The bag used to be made of leather (sheepskin or cow) but is now commonly made of synthetic material (Gore-Tex) for the ease of maintenance. The blowpipe is a simple pipe used to inflate the bag with the player’s breath. 

The great highland bagpipe has three drones used for harmonies. The big one is called a “bass drone” and the two little one are called the tenors. These three drones are tuned on the same note and give the background sound that harmonizes with the chanter. The length of the drones can be adjusted to tune them. If the length is shorten, the pitch will be sharper, if it’s lengthen, the pitch will be lower. 

The chanter is a conical bored instrument with height holes in it. This instrument has been made of wood since the instrument's origin but is now made of plastic in some cases. The player opens or closes some of these holes with his fingers to give the melody. 
To play the instrument, the player (called a bagpiper or a piper) will inflate the bag and will place it under his left arm when the bag is fully inflated. The piper will now keep the pressure in the instrument with his arm. When he has to stop breathing in the bag, he’ll use his elbow to press the bag and keep the pressure on. This way of playing gives the opportunity to the player to play music during a long period of time without stopping for the need of breathing. Once the instrument is inflated, the piper have to tune one of the drones to match the chanter and, after that, he'll tune drones to match them together. If the piper do this operation carefully, he will be able to have a perfectly balance instrument. Once it's done, the player can start playing his instrument.

Moral equivalence

Moral equivalence is a term used in political arguments or debate. It is an informal fallacy. The phrase describes a kind of indirect proof, but the reasoning is flawed because it distorts issues. It draws comparisons between different things to make a point that one is just as bad as the other or just as good as the other.

The user of the term imagines a kind of independent position above or beyond the two contenders. The moral equivalence theory allows someone using the term to appear both objective and detached at the same time.

The general form of the context for the use of the trope is 

The concept of moral equivalence is not a term of philosophy; rather, it is only a logical fallacy used in arguments.

It is usually used to suggest a moral or ethical hierarchy for two sides in a conflict -- that one is better or worse than the other. The term originates from a 1906 speech "" by William James.

The term's popular use was expanded by Jeane Kirkpatrick, who was US ambassador to the United Nations when Ronald Reagan was President of the United States. In 1986, Kirkpatrick published "The Myth of Moral Equivalence" which responded to the argument that there was "no moral difference" between the Soviet Union and democratic states.


University of Bordeaux 1

The University of Bordeaux 1 (Bordeaux 1) is a public university in Bordeaux. University of Bordeaux 1 has ten schools and colleges and gives much importance to scientific and technological research. 


Condenser (apparatus)

A condenser is a device used in the laboratory to cool hot gases into liquids. It is usually a long, circular glass tube. Inside the tube there is another, smaller tube. The hot gas goes through the smaller, inside tube, while in the outside one cold water goes around. Water can be put in from the tap, and goes from the bottom to exit at the top. This makes sure the tube is always full of water, so that cooling is quick.

A condenser is used for example in distillation, where the hot vapour needs to be cooled down back to liquid to be collected. It is also used in reflux where it makes sure that the solvent used does not boil and go away.

Margaret Whiting

Margaret Whiting (July 21, 1924 - January 10, 2011) was a US pop music singer. She recorded more than 700 songs, and sold millions of records.

Whiting was born in Detroit in 1924 into a musical family. Her father, Dick Whiting, was a song writer, and her mother, Eleanor Whiting, managed several performers. She began her recording career while she was still a teenager. Her father had worked with Johnny Mercer, and Mercer wrote songs and recorded with Whiting. Their duet, "Baby It's Cold Outside", was huge hit.

Mike Ward (comedian)

Michael John Ward (born September 14, 1973, Quebec) is a Canadian comedian. He performs mostly in Quebec but has also performed in many other countries. These include France, the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Ireland and England. He has performed for the Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan. People have described his style of comedy as very "raw". This can mean that he says things that some people wouldn't say and has many strong opinions about many subjects. But it also means he says things that some people don't like. He talks about topics such as war, racism, poverty, sex and religion. 

During his career, he has had two major shows. These are "Haïssable" and "Mike Ward s'eXpose". For these two shows, he sold almost 200 000 tickets in total for his many performances. He been on many television series as comedian and animator. He has been on "Cliptoman", "Un gars le soir", "Gala juste pour rire" and " Testostérone".

He also has a podcast on iTunes. 

Because of his humour, Mike Ward had been the subject of many controversies. One of these affected many people in Quebec. During one of his shows, he did a joke on the Quebec government. In this joke, he talked about "Cédrika Provencher". She was a young girl who was kidnapped in 2007 in Quebec. She died. Her remains were found on December 11, 2015 in a wooded area near Trois-Rivières. A few weeks after the show, a journalist wrote a negative newspaper article about the show. Some people thought that Ward was making fun of Provencher but other people think that the joke was taken out of context.


Jason Voorhees

Jason Voorhees is a fictional character from the "Friday the 13th series". He first appeared in "Friday the 13th" (1980) as a young boy. When he was a boy, he went to a summer camp "Camp Crystal Lake" where he was bullied because of his appearance. He had a deformed face and body. They threw him into the lake and he drowned. It was later discovered he survived and became a killer after a teenager killed his mother, Pamela Voorhees.

In the sequel to the Friday the 13th, he wears a tan colored hood, so that nobody could see his face. It wasn't until in the third movie he wore a hockey mask and since then he wore that hockey mask throughout the series. He uses a machete to kill the teenagers who come to Camp Crystal Lake. He later had a battle with Freddy Krueger in "Freddy vs. Jason".


ELTon Award

The ELTon Award is given by the British Council for English language teaching innovation.













Les Colocs

Les Colocs ("The Roommates") were a Canadian rock band. It was formed in Montreal, Quebec in 1990. "Les Colocs" had played different kinds of music and live performances.

In October 1990, André "Dédé" Fortin and Louis Léger were in the band “Cha Cha and the Chain Gang”. They left that band and began "Les Colocs" in Montreal. They gave their first show at the Tallulah Darling for the International Festival of Rock.

One of the band's members, Marc Déry, left Les Colocs to create his own band, the Zébulon. Les Colocs put an advertisement in the newspaper looking for a new band member, and Serge Robert answered the ad. He became the band's bass player.

After a few shows, Les Colocs' guitarist, Louis Léger, left. Mike Sawatzky took his place.

The name "Les Colocs" was made official in 1992 at the “Festival international d'été de Québec". Les Colocs was the opening act, with André Fortin, Mike Sawatsky, Jimmy Bourgoing, Patrick Esposito di Napoli, and Serge Robert performing.

In 1992, the band signed their first contract with the record label BMG Music Canada.

In 1993, the band's first album, "Les Colocs", was released. It sold over 150,000 copies.

In October 1993, Les Colocs won four Félix awards. Two of these awards were for being group of the year and revelation (new surprise) of the year.

In 1994, the band's harmonica player, Patrick Esposito di Napoli, died of AIDS.

In 1995, Les Colocs made their second album. Dédé Fortin decided on a special release date because he is a strong separatist- he believes that Quebec should be separate and independent from Canada. He decided to release the second album on October 30th, 1995, which was the date of the second referendum on Quebec sovereignty.

Some time later, Dédé decided to fire Serge Robert from the band. A year later, Les Colocs hired André Vanderbiest.

In May 1998, Les Colocs made the third and last album that would come out during Dédé Fortin's life. It was called "Dehors Novembre". The album is dedicated to Patrick Esposito Di Napoli, who had died 4 years before. In this album, like the others, the lyrics are dark, and some people say that they show the singer's feelings of culpability and despair. The album sold over 100,000 copies throughout Quebec.

In November 1998, Les Colocs won the Félix award for rock album of the year.

On May 8, 2000, André “Dédé” Fortin killed himself. This ended the group.





John McClane

John McClane is a fictional character who is the protagonist of "Die Hard" movie series. He has a daughter Lucy and son Jack.

He was born in Plainfield, New Jersey. In the movies, he is played by the actor Bruce Willis.

Chucky (character)

Charles Lee <nowiki>"Chucky"</nowiki> Ray is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the "Child's Play," an American horror comedy movie franchise centered on a series of seven movies created by Don Mancini.

The character is depicted as an evil psychopathic doll (voiced by Brad Dourif), a serial killer named Charles Lee "Chucky" Ray, known as the "Lakeshore Strangler", whose soul is transferred inside a "Good Guy doll" toy following a voodoo ritual in order to avoid going to Hell. In the 2019 reboot, Chucky (voiced by Mark Hamill) is an AI doll, gone out of control, and determined to kill people.

Despite being inside the body of a doll, Chucky can feel pain and can bleed when injured, and has a large scar with stitches on his face. He used many weapons including guns, but mostly an axe or a knife to kill people who buy or sees him killing someone. He has also killed a person with a voodoo ritual. He appeared in 8 movies. He has a wife, Tiffany Valentine (also a killer doll) and one daughter/son who has mental issues (also a doll).

Chucky has made appearances in all the child's play films as listed here.


Kebechet

In the Ancient Egyptian religion, Kebechet (also known as Qebehet, Kebhut, Kebehut, Qebehut, and Kabechet) was the goddess of freshness and purification. She was known as the "wandering goddess" or the "lost child". She was the daughter of Anubis and his wife Anput and was thought to help her father in his role as the god of embalming. She was particularly associated with embalming fluid used during mummification.

Kebechet was often depicted as a snake, sometimes with a body of stars. She was also depicted as a woman with the head of a snake. Sometimes she takes the form of an ostrich, linking her to the goddess of Ma´at who represented justice and balance in the universe and was involved in the judgement of the dead.

Mariloup Wolfe

Mariloup Wolfe (born 3 January 1978) is a Canadian actress from Montreal, Quebec. She became famous through her role as "Marianne" in the popular TV series "Ramdam".

Mariloup Wolfe studied arts and communications at College Andre-Grasset. She got a college degree in this subject. After that, she went to the McGill University for one year and did a minor degree in cultural studies. She finished her bachelor's degree at Concordia University in cinematographic productions and made a specialization in this matter at the same university. All those studies were made in Montréal.

Wolfe performed in the television series "Ramdam" for many years. She played "Marianne", a charming teenager in an ordinary family. Her role in this youth series won her many awards. In particular, she won a Metrostar in the category for young comedy series, two Artis awards in 2007 and 2008 and a Gemeaux prize for the best interpretation of a major role in a youth series. She also acted in an animated television series "Fais ça court", which was about the creator of a short film.

Wolfe is the mother of two young boys: Manoe (born in May 2010) and Miro (born December 2011). Her ex-husband and father of their children is Guillaume Lemay Thivierge. Just like her, he is a comedian and met her in the "Ramdam" series in which they both acted. Wolfe represented the "Yoopa" magazine, a reference for parents, for one year. She signed an editorial in each publication. She is the owner of an Energy Cardio center at Blainville and she participated at “Rallie des gazelles” with Jessica Barker. Recently, she was an invited stylist for “Thyme Maternity”.


Khnum

Khnum (; also spelled Khnemu) was an Egyptian god. He was originally the god of the source of the Nile River. He was also the ram-headed god, a minor water god, the god of fertility, and the potter god of creation. He created the first children on his potter's wheel with clay from the banks of the Nile River. Khnum also controls when the Nile will flood.

Spring Breakers

Spring Breakers is a 2012 American movie set in St. Petersburg, Florida. The movie is written and directed by Harmony Korine. It is about five college aged girls who rob a restaurant to pay for spring break expenses. Starring are Vanessa Hudgens, Selena Gomez, Ashley Benson, Rachel Korine and Zendaya. "Spring Breakers" is rated R by the MPAA.

Heather Morris

Heather Elizabeth Morris (born February 1, 1987 in Thousand Oaks, California) is an American dancer, actress, and singer. She played Brittany Pierce in "Glee". She was also in "Bedtime Stories" and "". She was a backup dancer for Beyoncé.

Topsy Tjulyata

Topsy Tjulyata is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She makes wooden objects which are known in Western Desert languages as '. She makes these objects by carving the wood and then engraving patterns (') into its surface with a burning wire. This technique is called pokerwork. The wood she uses is sourced locally from the area around Uluṟu, where she lives. She makes both decorative sculptures and traditional tools. The patterns engraved into the objects depict ", spiritual stories about creation ancestors from the Dreamtime.

Topsy began working in arts and crafts at Ernabella in the late 1940s. She specialised in wood carving. While she was living there, she married Walter Pukutiwara, a shepherd who also crafted tools. They later moved to Amaṯa in South Australia.

In 1981, Topsy and Walter went to Uluṟu and set up a tent at the base of Uluṟu. From there they sold their " works to tourists for over two weeks. They did this trip with other artists from Amaṯa, including Pulya Taylor and Tony Tjamiwa, and their friends Peter Yates and Pat D'Arango. In 1983, this group travelled around to artist communities in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This was to discuss the idea of setting up a new craft centre at Uluṟu that would sell artworks from around the region to tourists. The couple moved to Muṯitjulu so that they could help set up Maṟuku Arts. Topsy and Water were some of the first artists for the centre, and worked together closely until Walter's death in 2004. Topsy is still a member of the organisation's Governing Committee.

A collection of wooden bowls made by Topsy are held in the National Gallery of Australia. The patterns engraved on the surfaces depict stories about the Seven Sisters. Both the Powerhouse Museum and the National Museum of Australia contain examples of Topsy's sculptures. The sculptures are of , the perentie man.


Raw milk

Raw milk is milk which is not pasteurized. Raw milk was consumed before the invention of pasteurizing in 1864. Medical groups strongly recommend against eating or drinking raw milk. In Asia, rules and laws about raw milk are rarely enforced; in most of the European Union raw milk products are legal; in France raw milk and its products are legal and essential as high quality food. Around the United States, however, there are restrictions and warnings about raw milk and its products.

Pascal's law

Pascal's law is a law about the physics of a fluid. It says that if pressure is exerted on a non compressible fluid in an enclosed vessel, this pressure will be distributed evenly throughout the fluid. It is named after Blaise Pascal who discovered it in 1647. An example of Pascal's law is the way a fluid flows out of one syringe to another through a pipe or tube. 

Walter Pukutiwara

Walter Pukutiwara (c. 1930 – 10 November 2004) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. He crafted traditional tools, such as spears and spear-throwers, and wooden sculptures, known in Western Desert languages as '. He made these by carving the wood and then engraving patterns (') into its surface with a burning wire. This technique is called pokerwork. The patterns engraved into the objects depict ", spiritual stories about creation ancestors from the Dreamtime. The National Museum of Australia contains many examples of Walter's works.

Walter was born just south of Uluṟu, some time around 1930. The place where he was born is associated with the , and so the " (brushtail possum) is his personal totem. Walter grew up living a traditional way of life in the bush with his family. When he was a young man, he went to live at the mission in Ernabella, South Australia. He worked there with sheep, as a shepherd and shearer. He got married to Topsy Tjulyata, and the couple moved to Amaṯa. During the 1980s, Walter served as the Pitjantjatjara representative on the Aboriginal Arts Board (AAB). He lobbied the board for money to support art and crafts in Amaṯa. As a result, the craft centre at Amaṯa was established in February 1981.

Later in 1981, Walter and Topsy went to Uluṟu and set up a tent at the base of Uluṟu. From there they sold their "" works to tourists for over two weeks. They did this trip with other artists from Amaṯa, including Tony Tjamiwa and Pulya Taylor, and their friends Peter Yates and Patricia D'Arango. In 1983, this group travelled around to artist communities in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This was to discuss the idea of setting up a new craft centre at Uluṟu that would sell artworks from around the region to tourists. The couple moved to Muṯitjulu so that they could help set up Maṟuku Arts, in 1984. Water and Topsy were some of the first artists for the centre. Walter served on the organisation's Governing Committee for 20 years, including as chairman many times.

From 1976 to 1978, Walter also served as a member of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Arts Board. In the early 1990s, he helped to set up Aṉangu Tours, the main tour operator in Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. His daughter, Rene Kulitja, and son-in-law, Richard Kulitja, took over the company when Walter retired. Walter died on 10 November 2004, in Alice Springs.


Archedictyon

Archedictyon (plural = archedictya) is the name of a hypothetical scheme of wing venation of the common ancestor of all winged insects.

The nature of the archedictyon is an important in the taxonomic classification of the large, primitive Palaeozoic insects known as Palaeodictyoptera. It was used for this purpose as early as 1854. A National Museum of Natural History database for the study of ants, wasps, bees and termites describes the archedictyon as:
...the primitive original vein network [of] the wings of many of the most ancient insect fossils; the complex network of irregular veinlets between the veins in the outer [three-quarters] of both wings, including the anal lobe.

According to a 1999 paper on the evolution of flght in Palaeoptera the cross veins of some Palaeodictyoptera may be an adaptive feature.

The archedictyon is believed to have contained between six and eight longitudinal veins, but current understanding of the design is based on a combination of fossil data and speculation.

The "Comstock-Needham system" designed by two entomologists describes these veins and their branches:

Crossveins are named based on their relative position to the more prominent longitudinal veins:

In extant insects, the term implies a retention of primitive characteristics but "not necessarily a simplicity of form". Modern insects with wings to which the term "archedictyon" has been applied include the termite "Mastotermes darwiniensis" from Australia and the praying mantis "Orthodera novaezealandiae". from New Zealand.

The term is also used in the discussion of phasmids. Then it refers to a network of non-directional veins in the costal region of the wing or in the elytron.


Elytra

Elytra are the modified, hardened front wings of beetles and some bugs (Heteroptera). In most true bugs, the forewings are called hemelytra, as only the basal half is thickened while the apex is membranous. 

The elytra act as protective wing-cases for the hind wings underneath, which are used for flying. To fly, a beetle opens the elytra and then extends the hindwings, flying while still holding the elytra open, though some beetles in the families Scarabaeidae and Buprestidae can fly with the elytra closed.

In some groups, the elytra are fused together, and the insect is flightless. Some of the ground beetles (family Carabidae) are a good example of this. 

Brian Griffin

Brian Griffin is one of the main characters in the American animated TV sitcom, "Family Guy".

He is at least a 10-year-old pet dog of the Griffin family. He shows many human behaviours (he can walk upright, drink, smoke, and speak English) but he still shows many behaviours associated with dogs, such as fetching a ball, fearing the vacuum cleaner and barking at squirrels.

It is hinted that Lois and Brian were married for a length of time.

He is the only "Family Guy" character to have appeared in every episode of the series. In a 2004 interview, Seth MacFarlane (the show's creator) revealed that Brian is his favorite character.
In the 12th season episode, "Life of Brian", he gets hit by a car and dies later at the veterinarian. Before he dies, he thanked the Griffins for giving him a wonderful life and that he loves them all. He was soon brought back to life in the Christmas special "Christmas Guy".

Gina Lollobrigida

Gina Lollobrigida was an Italian actress. She was very popular in the 1950s and 1960s. She mostly acted in Italian movies. She received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Italian American Foundation in 2008.

In the mid-1980s, she starred in the television series "Falcon Crest". The role was first offered to Sophia Loren, who turned it down. A rivalry with Loren was often reported in the press. Lollobrigida said in a 2015 interview that "Loren and her press agent started this 'rivalry'" and that Lollobrigida was bored of it.

In 2013, Lollobrigida sold her jewelry collection through Sotheby's. She donated the nearly $5 million to benefit stem cell therapy.

Lollobrigida died in Rome on January 16, 2023 at the age of 95.

Lollobrigida won three David di Donatello, two Nastro d'Argento and six Bambi Awards. She was nominated three times for the Golden Globe and won one in 1961 as "World Film Favourite – Female". She was nominated once for a BAFTA.

In 1985, she was nominated as an officier of Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by Jack Lang because of her achievements in photography and sculpture.

She was awarded the Légion d'honneur by then French president François Mitterrand.

On 16 October 1999, Gina Lollobrigida was nominated Goodwill Ambassador of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).

Gina

Gina [ jee-n"uh" ] is a female name with Italian origin. Gina is a well-liked name for newborn girls with a fascinating history and significance. This name originated from Italy and is a diminutive form of Regina, which translates to "queen" in Latin. Additionally, Gina is a truncation of Georgina, which means "farmer" in Greek. This name is very popular for girls in several countries. The name is shorthand for the name "Regina". Celebrities with the name include Gina Gershon and Gina Lollobrigida.



Mayra Arduini

Mayra Arduini (born October 4, 1993) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. She was a member of the band College 11. 


Kasabian

Kasabian is a British rock band. It was formed by Tom Meighan (singer), Sergio Pizzorno (backing vocal and guitar), bassist Chris Edwards and guitarist Chris Karloff in 1997. Then it was called Saracuse. Ian Matthews and Jay Mehler joined the band after the departure of Chris Karloff in 2006. Jay joined Liam Gallagher's band Beady Eye in 2013 and was replaced by Tim Carter. They have recorded four albums, "Kasabian", "Empire", "West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum" and "Velociraptor!", and are working on the fifth.

They mostly get their inspiration from Primal Scream. They got a lot of influence from the Stone Roses. They use a little electro sound joined with a bass groove mixed in a rock template.


Trope

Trope is a term for a figure of speech. The term has evolved to identify an overused theme or device. A trope may mean a convention, a plot trick, a setup, a narrative structure and a character type all at the same time.

In rhetoric, there are many types of tropes.


Geraldine Fitzgerald

Geraldine Fitzgerald (November 24, 1913 around Dublin, Ireland-July 17, 2005 near New York City) was an Irish-American actress who acted in many movies and television programs. She starred in critically acclaimed movies like "Wuthering Heights" and "Dark Victory"; she also performed on television series, such as "Cagney & Lacey". Fitzgerald died due to Alzheimer's in New York.


Leaving group

In chemistry, a leaving group is an atom or molecule that leaves another molecule during a reaction. This reaction can be for example a nucleophilic substitution. In this case the leaving group gets a pair of electrons. Some leaving groups are better than others. This is because some atoms or molecules like getting extra electrons. The halides are a good example of good leaving groups.

The type of leaving group can change the type of reaction that happens. For example, bad leaving groups make an SN1 reaction more difficult, while they make an SN2 reaction easier.

Anita Barone

Anita Louise Barone (born September 25, 1964) is an American actress. She is best known for her role of "Georgia Jones" in the Disney Channel TV series "Shake It Up".



Sigma bond

A sigma bond (σ bond) is a type of chemical bond. It is the strongest one of the covalent type. In a sigma bond, the atomic orbitals from two atoms which are nearby go one on top of each other. This is different from a pi bond where they touch sideways. This is why a sigma bond is stronger. Sigma bonds can involve s, p, d or f orbitals. They must however be of the right symmetry to be able to form the bond.

Since the σ bond is strong, the bonding orbital is low in energy. This also means that the antibonding orbital σ* is high in energy.

Diet of Japan

It is made up of the House of Representatives (lower house) and the House of Councillors (upper house). The members of both houses of the Diet are directly elected. The Diet selects the Prime Minister. 

The Diet was first convened as the Imperial Diet in 1889.

In 1947, the Diet took its current form.



Lena Dunham

Lena Dunham (born May 13, 1986, New York City) is an American actress. She works mainly in television programs. She created and stars in the television series "Girls". She has won several Golden Globe Awards for this.

Dunham studied creative writing at Oberlin College. She often talks about this in her work. In 2012, Dunham she started dating Jack Antonoff. She is a feminist.

Jillian Murray

Jillian Leigh Murray (born June 4, 1984 in Reading, Pennsylvania) is an American actress. She acts in independent movies. She acted as Heather in "An American Carol". She also starred in other movies.

Leatherface

Leatherface is a fictional character in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" movie series. He appeared in all seven movies and is often portrayed as either the main or secondary antagonist or sometimes even the tragic villain protagonist. He is a mentally disturbed serial killer, who uses a chainsaw to attack and murder his victims somewhere in his ranch in Texas. He wears a mask made out from human skin and usually eats the remains. Because he wears the skin mask he is called Leatherface. He was played by Icelandic-born American actor Gunnar Hansen. He has appeared as a guest fighter in "Mortal Kombat X" alongside Jason Voorhees, The Predator, and The Alien.

Gorton's of Gloucester

Gorton's of Gloucester is a company that makes fishsticks and other frozen seafood in the United States. It has been based in Gloucester, Massachusetts, since 1849.

Michael Myers

Michael Myers is an American fictional character from the "Halloween movie series". He first appeared in John Carpenter's "Halloween". Myers only kills on Halloween day in Haddonfield, Illinois.

He first killed his sister on Halloween night of 1963 and since then he was searching to kill his last living family member, Cynthia "Laurie Strode" Myers. He was sent to a mental hospital, but during his transportation to another mental hospital, he escaped when the truck was attacked. After "" (Which was the only movie he did not appear) he was searching to kill Laurie's daughter.

When the franchise was rebooted with the 2018 movie "Halloween", Michael and Laurie are not siblings. After forty years at Smith's Grove Sanitarium, he escapes again and returns to Haddonfield for another killing spree. He again finds Laurie, who has been living in fear of his return.

His psychiatrist, Dr. Samuel Loomis is trying to save Michael's victims and stop Michael from killing. Myers appeared in 9 "Halloween" movies. He was played by many different actors throughout the series.

His mask was originally a James T. Kirk mask that was painted white with its eyeholes enlarged, eyebrows and sideburns removed and the hair was darkened. An Emmett Kelly clown mask was also considered.


Mothra

Mothra is a "kaiju", a type of fictional monster who first appeared in the book series "The Luminous Fairies and Mothra" by Takehiko Fukunaga, Shinichiro Nakamura, and Yoshie Hotta. The first movie she appeared in was "Mothra".


Bradley Raymond

Bradley Raymond is an American film director. He has directed different movies including "", "The Lion King 1½" and "Tinker Bell".


Elizabeth Montgomery

Elizabeth Montgomery (April 18, 1933—May 18, 1995) was an American actress . She acted in movies and television programs. Her father was actor Robert Montgomery. She starred as Samantha Stephens in the sitcom "Bewitched". She played Lizzie Borden in "The Legend of Lizzie Borden". She had other roles besides these.

Montgomery was born in Los Angeles. She died from colorectal cancer in Beverly Hills, California.

Elizabeth

The name Elizabeth is a female given name. It is pronounced [ ih-liz-"uh"-b"uh"th ] . Elizabeth  can be traced back to the Greek designation, Elisabet, a variation of the Hebrew theonym, Elisheva, signifying "God is my oath". This name was ranked #14 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are many variants of it worldwide. It was the 10th most popular in the United States, and among the top 50 in England and Wales. 

Famous people with the name include Elizabeth Taylor, Queen Elizabeth II and Elizabeth Arden.

In the New Testament, Elizabeth is the mother of John the Baptist and the wife of Zechariah. (Gospel of Luke chapter 1)

Elizabeth can be spelt Elisabeth, and can be shortened to Liz, Lizzie, Lisette, Lilly, Libby, Eliza, Beth and Lisa.


Josephine

The name Josephine [ joh-z"uh"-feen, -s"uh"- ] is a female given name. Josephine is a timeless name that has been well-liked for hundreds of years. It is the feminine version of the name Joseph and has a meaning of "God will increase" or "may Jehovah add/give increase." There are many variants. The name is a female version of "Joseph" (which is a Hebrew version of Yosef). There are many celebrities with the name Josephine and related forms, although the name is only marginally popular in the United States.


Ramnagar, Udhampur

Ramnagar () is a town and subdistrict of Udhampur District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Angkuna Kulyuru

Angkuna Kulyuru is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She is perhaps best known for her batik and printing works. She also does weaving, basketry, and carved wooden sculptures (""). Her batik designs display the fluid, abstract style that is distinctive to Ernabella Arts. There is no specific meanings to her designs, but they are inspired by the natural environment.

Kulyuru was born in 1943, at Wamitjara, a rockhole near Kenmore Park (now Yunyarinyi). This is in the far north of South Australia, near the border with the Northern Territory. Her family are Pitjantjatjara. They lived a traditional life in the bush, but settled at Ernabella soon after Kulyuru was born. When she grew up, Kulyuru started work in the community's craft centre after originally working at the school. She began learning batik methods in the 1970s, and became one of Ernabella Arts' most prolific and well-known batik artists. Kulyuru has nine children. Five of Angkuna's daughters have also become artists: Unurupa (born 1962), Amanda (1964), Karen (1969), Daisybell (1972) and Tjulyata (1978).

Kulyuru's works have been shown in many exhibitions since the 1980s. One of her early batik works was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 1987. It was bought by the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory. Other examples of her work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the National Museum of Australia. An example of one of her weaving work, a jug made out of palm leaves, is in the British Museum.


Maureen O'Sullivan

Maureen Paula O'Sullivan (17 May 1911 – 23 June 1998) was an Irish actress best known for playing Jane in the "Tarzan" series of films starring Johnny Weissmüller.

O'Sullivan was born in Boyle, County Roscommon, Ireland in 1911. She is the daughter of Mary Lovatt (nee Fraser) and Charles Joseph O'Sullivan, an officer in the Connaught Rangers who served in World War I. Aside from Irish, she had some English and Scottish ancestry.

She acted in movies which were mostly released prior to 1984. She also performed in stage shows. 

She was the mother of seven children. Stephanie and Mia Farrow are actresses.

Maureen died in Scottsdale, Arizona on June 23, 1998 due to complications of heart issues and surgery. 

&quot;Superstar&quot; Billy Graham

Eldridge Wayne Coleman (June 7, 1943 – May 17, 2023) was an American professional wrestler. He was of part Arkansas Cherokee descent. Graham was best known for his highly dramatic and charismatic style of wrestling. He created the style while working with The World Wide/World Wrestling Federation under the ring name, "Superstar" Billy Graham. He was also an amateur fine artist. Graham was widely acknowledged as the person who changed modern American pro wrestling by combining it with bodybuilding. Many modern professional wrestlers have a bodybuilders' physique. Before wrestling, Graham played 5 games with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL).

During the steroid allegations involving WWE owner Vince McMahon in 1992, Graham went on "The Phil Donahue Show". On the program, he said that he commonly used steroids. He blamed the WWF for his addiction. The drugs were not illegal in the 1970s. This caused problems between Graham and McMahon. They lasted for over ten years.

He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2004 by Triple H. In 2011, it was reported that he wanted his name removed from the WWE Hall of Fame after he was upset that Abdullah the Butcher was also made a member of the Hall of Fame.

Graham was hospitalized in January 2023 because of an ear and skull infection. In April, he was treated for kidney, heart and lung problems. Graham died on May 17, 2023 while on life-support at a Phoenix, Arizona hospital of multiple organ failure, aged 79.

Graham held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Butterfly McQueen

Thelma "Butterfly" McQueen (January 7, 1911 – December 22, 1995) was an American actress. She was originally a dancer. McQueen first appeared on screen in 1939, as "Prissy", Scarlett O'Hara's maid in the movie "Gone with the Wind". She continued as an actress in movies through the 1940s, then moving to television acting in the 1950s.

Butterfly was born Thelma McQueen in Tampa, Florida. She was planning to become a nurse until a high-school teacher suggested that she try acting. McQueen studied with Janet Collins and went on to dance with the Venezuela Jones Negro Youth Group. Around this time she received the nickname "Butterfly" because of her constantly moving hands in the Butterfly Ballet in a production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream". She had always hated her birth name, and later legally changed her name to Butterfly McQueen. She performed with the dance troupe of Katherine Dunham. She made her professional debut in George Abbott's "Brown Sugar".

McQueen's first on-screen credited role was "Prissy", the young maid in "Gone with the Wind". McQueen did not enjoy playing the part and felt it was demeaning to African Americans.

She also played a small part as a sales assistant in "The Women" (1939). She also played "Butterfly", Rochester's niece and Mary Livingstone's maid in the Jack Benny radio program, for a time during World War II. She appeared in a small role in "Mildred Pierce" (1945) and played a supporting role in "Duel in the Sun" (1946). By 1947, she had grown tired of the ethnic stereotypes she was required to play. She then ended her movie career.

From 1950 until 1952 she played "Oriole", another racially stereotyped role, on the television series "Beulah". In a lighter moment, she appeared in an episode of "The Dating Game" in 1969.

Offers for acting roles began to decline around this time, and she devoted herself to other pursuits including political study; she received a bachelor's degree in political science from City College of New York in 1975. In 1979 McQueen won a Daytime Emmy Award for her performance as Aunt Thelma, a fairy godmother in the "ABC Afterschool Special" episode "The Seven Wishes of Joanna Peabody." She had one more role of substance in the 1986 movie "The Mosquito Coast".

McQueen never married or had any children. She lived in New York in the summer months and in Augusta, Georgia during the winter.

In July 1983, a jury awarded McQueen US$60,000 in a judgment stemming from a lawsuit she filed against two bus-terminal security guards. McQueen sued for harassment after she claimed the security guards accused her of being a pickpocket and a vagrant while she was at a bus terminal in April 1979.

McQueen died at age 84 on December 22, 1995 at Augusta Regional Medical Center in Augusta. She died from burns she had gotten when a kerosene heater she tried to light malfunctioned and burst into flames.

A lifelong atheist, she donated her body to medical science and remembered the Freedom From Religion Foundation in her will.


Googly

In cricket, a googly is a type of way the ball is bowled. A googly is bowled by a right-arm leg spin bowler. It is occasionally called a Bosie (or Bosey) after its inventor Bernard Bosanquet.

Brittany Daniel

Brittany Ann Daniel (born March 17, 1976) is an American actress. She works mostly in television programs. She and her twin sister Cynthia performed in many venues using the "twin gimmick." She played Jessica Wakefield in the teen sit-com "Sweet Valley High". When she Sweet Valley program ended, Cynthia decided to leave acting in favor of a career as a photographer and Brittany decide to keep right on acting. She played Kelly Pitts in the comedy-drama television series "The Game". 

Brittany Daniel was born in Gainesville, Florida.

Richard G. Morris

Richard Graham Michael Morris (born 1948) is a British neuroscientist. He is known for developing the Morris water navigation task. This is one of the most-widely used learning tests for rodents. He is also known for investigating how the hippocampus works. He is the director of the Centre for Cognitive and Neural Systems (Edinburgh) He is also the Wolfson Professor of Neuroscience at the University of Edinburgh. He became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1997. Morris was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2007.

Brittany (name)

The name Brittany [brit-n-ee] is a female name of French and Latin origins. It came from Brittany, a region of France.Brittany is a Celtic name that originates from the ancient region of Britain. This feminine name signifies "from Britain" or "from the land of the Britons". It is widely used in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. This name was first used in America in the very early 1970s. It was used the most during the 1990s.This name was ranked #934 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

The name comes from the word "Britannia", a 2nd-century Roman goddess.



Filibuster

Filibuster, also known as talking out a bill, is a tactic of parliamentary procedure. Filibustering occurs when a person addresses a parliament for a new law, and somebody disagrees with such law, so they start talking and don't stop until the parliament calls off for the day. It is a method of stopping an unfavorable bill to the mind a parliament member from being passed.
The term "filibuster" comes from the French word "flibustier," meaning "pillaging pirate." In terms of parliamentary procedure, the word was not used until the 19th century However, the use of long speeches as a delaying tactic is part of the history of the Roman Senate. For example, Cato the Younger is known for using filibuster tactics to block Julius Caesar's rise to power. 


In the United States, current rules in the Senate require all Senators to be allowed to deliver a speech for as long as they want. Voting cannot begin until all Senators finish giving their speeches. A filibuster allows a senator to block a bill by speaking on behalf of the bill for too long on purpose so it would not be brought to a vote. To pass a bill, the Senate only needs at least 50 votes (out of 100) in support of the bill. To end a filibuster will require cloture which requires 60 votes (out of 100) in support. A cloture would allow the bill to be voted on because it forces all debates to end. 

To get around the filibuster, the Senate may choose to include a provision of the bill through a reconciliation bill. A reconciliation bill bans filibusters and only requires 50 votes (out of 100) for it to pass. In 2013, the Senate Democrats changed the rules to ban filibusters for confirming the President's nominee for courts other than the Supreme Court. In 2017, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell added Supreme Court nominations to the ban on filibusters in order to confirm Neil Gorsuch (appointed by Donald Trump) to the Supreme Court with only 50 votes. 

Supporters of the filibuster argue it protects the minority from having no say in the bill. However, critics claim it gives the minority too much power by blocking any legislation. 

In 2021, the Democratic Party introduced legislation that would eliminate the filibuster that could be passed with only a majority vote. However, Democratic senators Joe Manchin and Kyrsten Sinema said they are opposed to modifying the filibuster.


Balochistan High Court

The High Court of Balochistan is the highest judicial institution of Balochistan, Pakistan. The court is formally known as High Court of Balochistan. It is situated at the provincial capital Quetta.

Steven Moffat

Steven William Moffat (; born 18 November 1961) is a Scottish television writer and producer. He is the writer and director of "Doctor Who". Moffat is also the director, creator, and ruiner of Sherlock. He has written three series for both of his projects. He created several iconic monsters, including the Weeping Angels. He has won four BAFTA Awards.

Satanic leaf-tailed gecko

The Satanic Leaf Tailed Gecko ("Uroplatus phantasticus"), is a species of gecko. It is only native to the island of Madagascar. It was first described in 1888 by George Albert Boulenger.

They look a lot like a dead leaf. Its veins are showing and look just like the veins on a leaf. Its tail looks like it has been rotted or nibbled by insects. They are mostly mottled brown. They have small brown dots on their underside, which helps people tell them apart from other species. It may also be known as the eyelash leaf tailed gecko or the fantastic leaf tailed gecko.

Satanic leaf-tailed geckos are native to the central and northern tropical forests of Madagascar. They climb on the trees and bushes. Satanic leaf-tailed geckos are found only in the mountainous rainforests in the southern two-thirds of Madagascar. They are found at the base of trees distinguishing itself as leaf litter. 

They weigh about 10 to 30 grams. Adults are normally about 3-6 centimeters long including their tail, but sometimes they can be up to 9 centimeters long.

The geckos eat different kinds of insects, flies, worms, and spiders. They can eat large insects because of their big mouth.

Northern pygmy owl

The Northern pygmy owl ("Glaucidium gnoma") is a small owl native to North and Central America.

The Northern pygmy owl is small and has a long tail. It has shiny yellow eyes, yellow feet, and small tuffs of fur with its ears. Its feathers are a reddish brown speckled with white. Like all of the members of its family, it has fake eye spots that are black and outlined in white on the back of its neck. The Northern Pygmy Owl's stomach is white with black stripes. The Northern Pygmy Owl tends to perch in a diagonal position rather than an upright position.

Northern pygmy owls nest and breed in evergreen-filled forests and woodlands with variety. They normally mate in Spring. They prefer to live in tree cavities or old woodpeckers' holes. They do not add anything to their nest. The mothers keep three or four eggs warm. But she waits for all of the eggs to be laid before she starts incubating. That is an inimitable trait of northern American owls. While the female owl takes care of the eggs, the male consistently brings food for them. After the eggs hatch, the mother takes care of them for about one week. The baby owls will gain the ability to fly in about twenty-seven to twenty-eight days.

Northern pygmy owls are widespread across North America. They usually live in the scattered areas with less trees, rather than large parts of land with lots of unbroken trees. Northern pygmy owls are most active during the dawn or the dusk. Northern pygmy owls can also be seen in the daytime, when the weather is overcast. They like to perch on conifer or small trees, or in a snag. When they perch, they bob their head up and down, and flick their tails, and hold their tails to one side.

One third of the pygmy owls' diet are rodents, large insects, and small birds. Northern pygmy owls are very aggressive hunters, so fast that they can catch their prey in flight.


Emily Watson

Emily Margaret Watson (born 14 January 1967) is an English actress. She was born in Islington, London. She acted in "Breaking the Waves", "Hilary and Jackie", "Cradle will Rock" and "Angela's Ashes" and "Oranges and Sunshine". Her television roles include the title character in "Appropriate Adult", for which she won a BAFTA Award.

Emily

The name Emily [ em-"uh"-lee ] is a female given name. It comes from the Roman name "Aemilia". It is very popular in the English-speaking world. There are many famous people with the name Emily. Emily has been a popular name for baby girls for centuries and has been used in various cultures, each with its own interpretation. The name Emily is believed to have originated from the Latin name Aemilia, which meant "rival" or "emulating." During the Roman era, it was a common name among the aristocracy and was later adopted by the English. The name Emily has been associated with several meanings, with one of the most popular being "industrious" or "hardworking." This significance is rooted in the Latin word "aemulus," which means "rival" or "emulating." In ancient Rome, girls born into affluent families were given the name Aemilia, indicating the expectation that they would be diligent and hardworking. This name was ranked #21 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021.

It is also the name of a song on Joanna Newsom's album Ys.

The name has been used for Atlantic hurricanes.


Conor Maynard

Conor Maynard (born 21 November 1992) is an English singer. He comes from Brighton. His first album, "Contrast", was a large success: it went top of the UK charts. He had four singles from that album: "Can't Say No", "Vegas Girl", "Turn Around" and "Animal". They all reached the top 10 in the UK charts. They also did well in Scotland, Ireland, and other countries.


Emma (given name)

Emma [ em-"uh" ] is a female given name. It comes from the Germanic word "ermen" (which means universal or whole). 

The name is very popular for females in the English-speaking world. It became popular in the United States in the mid to late 20th century. This name was one of the most popular for 2008. 

It is the feminine version of the name "Emmanuel", which is derived from the Hebrew name "Immanuel" that means "God is with us". 

Additionally, the name Emma is linked to the Latin word "emere", which means "to purchase" or "to obtain".


Mason

Mason may refer to:


Lilyan Tashman

Lilyan Tashman was an American stage, silent movie, and early "talkie" actress. She was born in New York City. She won notice as a vaudevillian in the Zeigfield Follies. Her first movie was "Experience" in 1921. This was followed by many others. She often played the bitchy "other woman". Tashman was a lesbian and looked for sex with other women in public restrooms. She had a long term affair with Greta Garbo. She married vaudevillian Al Lee and, later, openly gay actor Edmund Lowe. Their parties were the talk and the scandal of early Hollywood. Tashman died of cancer in 1934. Her last film, "Frankie and Johnny", was released after her death in 1936.

National Aboriginal &amp; Torres Strait Islander Art Award

The National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA) is a competition, exhibition and award held each year for visual arts in Australia. It is one of the most important art awards in Australia. It was first created in 1984 by the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory. Telstra has sponsored the event since 1992, so it is often known as the Telstra Award.

The competition is open to all adult Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander artists. It features artists from all over Australia. Its goal is to show the best indigenous art in the country. The works can be in any media, including paintings (on bark, canvas and paper), prints, sculpture, textiles, weaving, ceramics, glass, photography, digital media and video.

The first prize of AU$40,000 is awarded to the work considered the best in the show. Smaller prizes of AU$4,000 each are awarded in four categories.



Hanlon's razor

Hanlon's razor is a saying that reads:

In simpler words: some bad things happen not because of people having bad intentions, but because they did not think it through properly.

The quotation is attributed to Robert J. Hanlon of Scranton, Pennsylvania, US. According to his friend Joseph Bigler, Hanlon first used it as part of something he wrote for a compilation of various jokes related to Murphy's law. The compilation book was published in 1980 titled "Murphy's Law Book Two, More Reasons Why Things Go Wrong". The name was inspired by Occam's razor.

There are many similar sayings. One example is ""Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence."" Something similar has been attributed to science fiction author Robert Heinlein’s short story "Logic of Empire" in 1941 (“I would say that you have fallen into the commonest fallacy of all in dealing with social and economic subjects-the "devil theory".'Huh?' 'You have attributed conditions of villainy that simply result from stupidity.”). The phrase has also been erroneously attributed to Napoleon Bonaparte.

Hulk

Hulk may refer to:


 the TV series


Andrea Martin

Andrea Louise Martin is an American-Canadian actress, singer and comedian. She is best known for her work in the television series "SCTV" and "Great News". She has been in movies such as "Black Christmas" (1974), "Wag the Dog" (1997), "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" (2001), "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" (2002), "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2" (2016) and "Little Italy" (2018). She has also been in the animated movies"Anastasia" (1997), "The Rugrats Movie" (1998) and "" (2001).

Martin has been also acted on stage. She has won Tony Awards for both "My Favorite Year" and the 2013 version of "Pippin". Martin has been on Broadway in "Candide", "Oklahoma!", "Fiddler on the Roof", "Young Frankenstein", "Exit the King", and "Act One". She has gotten five nominations for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. This is more than any other actress. She got her first nomination for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for the 2016 version of "Noises Off".

She also starred as Carol Wendelson on the NBC sitcom "Great News", and as Marilyn Kessler in the Hulu series "Difficult People".

Santon

A santon ("little saint") is small, hand painted, terra cotta figurine manufactured in Provençal. These figurines represent characters in the "nativity scene" such as the Holy Family and the Magi. Also represented are traditional characters from 19th century French village life such as the scissors sharpener, the fishwife, the chestnut seller, and the miller. Santons had their origin in the days of the French Revolution when revolutionists forbade large nativity scenes. The production of santons today is a family affair with parents teaching the craft to their children. Santon makers gather in Marseille and other places during the Christmas season to display and sell their products.

Aldo Moro

Aldo Romeo Luigi Moro (September 23, 1916 – May 9, 1978) was an Italian politician who was the 38th Prime Minister of Italy from December 4, 1963 through June 24, 1968. He was also the Italian Minister of Justice, the Italian Minister of Education, and the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs. His political career would last from 1963 from 1974. He was a Roman Catholic.

He was born on September 23, 1916 in Maglie, Apulia, Italy and studied at the University of Bari and at Sapienza University of Rome. Moro was married and had 4 children.

Moro was kidnapped on March 16, 1978 by the Red Brigades (BR), a Marxist-Leninist terrorist organization. On May 9, 1978, the Red Brigades said that he would go free so they sent him to a car. As Moro began to enter the car, he was fatally shot after 55 days of his captivity. He was 61 years old. In fact, Pope Paul VI "offered himself in exchange … for Aldo Moro …".


Nick Clooney

Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Clooney (born January 13, 1934) is an American journalist, anchorman, and television host. He is the brother of Rosemary Clooney and the father of George Clooney. He is also the father of Adelia Clooney.

Clooney was born on January 13, 1934 in Maysville, Kentucky. His parents had German, Irish, and English ancestry. His career would begin in California during the 1960s. Later he moved to Lexington, Kentucky and to Cleveland, Ohio. Clooney was married to Nina Bruce Warren since 1959. They had two children. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.

Clooney ran to be part of the United States House of Representatives for Kentucky for the Democrat Party in 2004. He ran against Ken Lucas. Clooney lost 44% to 54%.


Hope, Arkansas

Hope is a city in Arkansas. It is the birthplace of former Arkansas governors Bill Clinton, who was later U.S. President, and former Governor Mike Huckabee, who unsuccessful ran for the Republican nomination in 2008 and 2016. According to the 2020 United States Census its population is 8,952.


Ellen Burstyn

Ellen Burstyn (December 7, 1932, Detroit) is an American actress who stars on the stage and in television programs and movies. She performed as Kate Bartok in the NBC television series "The Doctors"; her movies include "Requiem for a Dream", a movie in which she performed as a drug addicted mom.

Sleeping Dogs

Sleeping Dogs is an action-adventure video game. It was developed by United Front Games and published by Square Enix. It was released on 14 August 2012. The game is set in Hong Kong and focuses on an undercover operation to infiltrate the Triads (an underground society). The main character in the game (who the player controls) is Wei Shen. He was sent away to the United States to become a police officer and then decided to come back to Hong Kong to stop the Sun On Yee shipping company who do many illegal things. This game consist of three major parts: cops, traids, and face.

Kate Mulgrew

Katherine "Kate" Mulgrew (born April 29, 1955 in Dubuque, Iowa) is an American actress. She works on stage and in movies and television programs. She starred in "" and "Orange Is the New Black". She acted in "Throw Momma from the Train". She has worked in other television programs and movies.

Warren Barfield

Warren Harding Barfield, Jr. (born May 4, 1979) is an American singer of Christian music.


Ellen Pompeo

Ellen Katherine Pompeo (November 10, 1969) is an American actress. She works mostly in television shows. She portrayed the character Meredith Grey in "Grey's Anatomy". She also does other television work. She was born in Everett, Massachusetts. She married producer Chris Ivery in 2007.

Foreign exchange market

The foreign exchange market (forex, FX, or currency market) is a form of exchange for the international trading of currencies. The foreign exchange market is also known to be the largest in the world with over $5.1 trillion being traded every day. The markets are also open 24 hours a day for 5 days a week and are some of the most active as traders from across the globe exchange currencies.

While most forex is traded by large institutions, banks and corporations, there are a great many retail foreign exchange traders. These are traders that will trade on their own accounts and buy / sell forex in order to target a specific return. This has increased dramatically recently with internet usage and online trading platforms. In the moral context this practice is to be avoided as personal behavior and also considering potential damage to the real economy.

Crystal LED

Crystal LED refers to a manufacturing technology of screens.

This technology makes use of pixels mounted on each segment RGB of the display, such that each pixel is illuminated independently. This differs from the usual liquid crystal display which produces mixed white light by a backlight and then filters out the unwanted colors at each pixel. 

Sony unveiled Crystal LED display technology in the CES 2012.


Bertha

The name Bertha [bur-thuh]is a female Germanic name. It comes from the Old High German word "berhta", which means "the bright one". The name dates back to the 6th century. Bertha is not a popular name for girls (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021), although it is being used for tropical storms on List 6 in the Atlantic naming list.





Greenwood, Nova Scotia

Greenwood is a village in the western part of Kings County in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley.

Greenwood was a small hamlet south of the Dominion Atlantic Railway's Kingston Station. In 1942, the Royal Air Force created the RAF Station Greenwood and built an aerodrome on nearby farmland for a facility to train aircrew under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. The Royal Canadian Air Force took over the facility in 1944. It was renamed RCAF Station Greenwood, a name it kept until the February 1, 1968 unification of the Canadian Forces. Then the airfield and related facilities were renamed CFB Greenwood.

During the 1970s–2000s, the village of Greenwood grew in population, as many other air force bases in eastern Canada closed and their aircraft and personnel moved to CFB Greenwood.

Now, the village and base's combined population is about 4,500. The village has many services and is also the location of the Greenwood Mall, the largest shopping centre in the western part of the Annapolis Valley


Havre Boucher

Havre Boucher is a Canadian community in Antigonish County, Nova Scotia.

The village takes its name from "Havre Boucher", a natural harbour that opens onto St. George's Bay to the north. The original community of Havre Boucher is located to the west side of the harbour, although it now includes the communities of Auld's Cove, Cape Jack, East Havre Boucher, West Havre Boucher, Frankville and Linwood.

Havre Boucher is a rural area, largely dependent upon the fishing industry, as well as serving as a service centre for local communities.

The construction of the Canso Causeway, which opened in 1955, saw the Canadian National Railway mainline from Truro-Sydney diverted from Linwood north through Havre Boucher and Cape Jack, before following the Strait of Canso to the causeway. Before 1955, the railway ran from Linwood to Mulgrave where a ferry service operated to Point Tupper. Havre Boucher saw the construction of a large railway yard, which remains in operation today by the Cape Breton and Central Nova Scotia Railway.

Formerly an incorporated village, offering its residents political control through an elected governing body known as a "village commission" which operated under the Nova Scotia Municipal Services Act, its status was dissolved in 2018.


List of communities in Nova Scotia

This is a list of communities in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, as designated by the Union of Nova Scotia Municipalities.

Incorporated municipalities in Nova Scotia are either counties, towns or regional municipalities. There are no incorporated cities in Nova Scotia as of 1996.

Nova Scotia has three regional municipalities.
Nova Scotia has 27 towns.

Nova Scotia has 12 municipal districts.

Nova Scotia has 21 villages.

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

H

I

J

K

L

M

N

O

P

R

S

T

U

V

W

Y

Titan Lake In-situ Sampling Propelled Explorer

Titan Lake In-situ Sampling Propelled Explorer (TALISE) is a proposed space probe. It was presented at the European Planetary Science Congress on September 27, 2012. If this space probe is accepted, it will be sent to Ligeia Mare, a lake on Saturn's biggest moon named Titan. It's purpose is to study the liquid on the moon and take scientific measurements while it sails to the coast.

Keith Aulie

Keith Aulie (born June 11, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL) along with Toronto Maple Leafs, Edmonton Oilers, and Tampa Bay Lightning.

On July 1, 2014, Aulie signed a one-year contract with the Edmonton Oilers.

"Junior and professional statistics source"

"International statistics source"


Natasha

Natasha [ n"uh"-tah-sh"uh" ] is a Russian female name. It is short for "Natalia", which indicates "Natal Day". Natasha is a lovely name that boasts a range of interpretations. It can signify "born on Christmas day" or "birthday." This name is widely used for girls and is particularly prevalent in English-speaking nations. With a rich history, Natasha remains a favored choice for parents of baby girls, owing to its beauty and popularity. Celebrities and famous people include singer Natasha Bedingfield, Natasha Richardson and actress Natasha Lyonne. This name was ranked #905 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Erika

Erika or Erica is a female given name.The pronunciation of this name is [ er-i-k"uh" ]. In Old Norse, it means "ever powerful" or "ruler of people". The name is very popular in Australia, the United States, Canada and Europe. There are many famous people with this name. As "Erika", the name was used for tropical cyclones in the Atlantic basin. The name was retired after Tropical Storm Erika in 2015. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Diana Vickers

Di Vickers (born 30 July 1991) is a British singer-songwriter, actress and fashion designer who first came to public attention as a semi-finalist on the fifth series of British talent show "The X Factor" in 2008.

Alicia

Alicia [ uh-lish-uh, uh-lish-ee-uh, uh-lee-shuh, -shee-uh ]is a female given name. It is related to the name "Alice". The name is very popular in certain countries which speak English.In 2021, the U.S. national ranking for newborn prevalence is 415.Alicia is thought to signify "noble" or "belonging to nobility." Additionally, it is linked with alicium, a Latin word that means "truth."

It was also used for a hurricane in 1983, Hurricane Alicia.


Microtubule

Microtubules are found in biological cells as a part of the cytoskeleton. They are hollow tubes whose walls consist of 13 columns of tubulin molecules. Its main functions are to maintain a cell's shape, cell motility, chromosome movement in cell division, and organelle movement. They look like hollow noodles which transmit signals to our nerves

Water gardens

A water garden is a garden in which the chief thing, interest, and attraction is water and plants that live in water. The water may be put in a fountain, a pond, a waterfall, or other. Water have been built for thousands of years. It was natural that in the hot places of Egypt and Mesopotamia refreshing water gardens should be found. As early as 1225 BC, Ramses III built water lily ponds. 

The Inca of Peru built gold and silver water channels, pools, and basins as early as 2500 BC. Their homes and palaces had water running in channels under the floors to cool the surrounding air. Their courtyards had cooling pools for tired travelers.

The Chinese and Japanese imitated nature in their water gardens. The water garden was a sign of perfection and peace. By the third century AD they had written down the essentials of a water garden. In the 15th century, they turned the water garden into an art form that used the sound and motion of water. A reflecting pool expressed the union of heaven and earth. The Japanese built a dry garden, using small rocks, sand, and other materials to represent the course of a stream or river. Nature was recreated to serve as a source of thinking.

Europeans began using water for playing in the Middle Ages. Springs and wells were made focal points in gardens. Carp pools not only provided food, but a place for thinking and resting in monasteries. In Spain, the starkness of the Alhambra was softened with canals and pools.


The Gondoliers

The Gondoliers; or, The King of Barataria is an operetta in two acts by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the twelfth of their fourteen operettas. It was first performed at the Savoy Theatre in London on 7 December 1889. It ran for 554 performances. It tells of two gondoliers. One appears to be the heir to the throne of Barataria, but which one? 

After completing "The Yeomen of the Guard", Sullivan wanted to leave light opera for more serious music. Gilbert reminded him that light, humorous operas were the source of their great success. Their manager Richard D'Oyly Carte promised Sullivan the opportunity to write a grand opera on the condition that he continue to write the light operas. Sullivan accepted. The grand opera would be "Ivanhoe".

Gilbert proposed a Venetian setting for the new light opera. Sullivan would have the chance to write bright, colorful music. Sullivan went to Venice to soak up the atmosphere. Once back in England, he received the lyrics to the new opera as Gilbert completed them. Sullivan however puttered at them. He was distracted with plans for the grand opera. He devoted the fall of 1889 however to "The Gondoliers". Sullivan labored at the light opera and completed it by December 2. The curtain went up on "The Gondoliers" on December 7 before a brilliant audience. The press raved.

"The Gondoliers" was an instant hit in London, chalking up 554 performances. It earned more money than any other Savoy opera in its original run. 20,000 copies of the published score were sold on publication, and over 70,000 copies of various arrangements were sold within a few days. 

D'Oyly Carte's "E" Company mounted the first provincial production on 19 February 1890 in Preston, Lancashire. From then on, it was never absent from the touring repertory until it was omitted from the final two seasons (September 1980–February 1982) before the closing of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.



Marco and Giuseppe are two gondoliers. One of them is believed to be the King of Barataria. But which one? It is decided that the two will jointly rule Barataria until the King's identity is brought to light. To complicate the story, a Princess has been promised in marriage to the King of Barataria. In the end, the two gondoliers marry their long time Venetian sweethearts. The Princess discovers her father's drummer boy is the long lost heir to the throne of Barataria. She is thrilled because she has always loved him. Everyone lives happily ever after.





Heavy Rain

Heavy Rain is an interactive action-adventure psychological thriller video game made by Quantic Dream for the PlayStation 3.

There was a patch released for the game which allowed player to use the PlayStation Move controller.

The player controls Ethan Mars, the main protagonist who is trying to find his son after he kidnapped by a serial killer known as the Origami Killer that drowns their victims in rainwater. The player also controls investigative journalist Madison Paige, FBI profiler Norman Jayden, and private detective Scott Shelby. Paige, Jayden and Shelby are all trying to find out the Origami Killer's identity.

CNN and Gaming Union named the game as Game of the Year in 2010. It was also named as the Best PS3 Game of 2010 by both GameSpy and IGN and was included in the book "1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die" in 2011.

The game received a high-definition (HD) remaster, which released on PlayStation 4 in March 2016.

The game was ported to PC's running Microsoft Windows along with two other games made by Quantic Dream in "" and "" on 22 July 2019.


DragonFly BSD

DragonFly BSD is an open source, Unix-like operating system focused on symmetric multiprocessing (SMP). Features introduced in DragonFly BSD include and the filesystem.

Matthew Dillon created DragonFly BSD from FreeBSD 4.8 code in 2003. Matthew Dillon was formerly a part of the FreeBSD community. Dillon disagreed with FreeBSD 5's approach to SMF. Many were disappointed with the performance and stability FreeBSD 5's early releases. Dillion split from the FreeBSD project in order to develop the FreeBSD 4 series in the direction he felt was best.


Body Count (band)

Body Count are an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California.

The band was formed in 1990 by rapper Ice-T and some of his friends. They released their self-titled debut album, "Body Count", on March 31, 1992. The album featured the controversial song "Cop Killer".

Band member Beatmaster V died in died of leukemia in 1996, Mooseman was killed in a drive-by shooting in 2001 and D-Roc the Executioner died in 2004 from lymphoma.

Their debut album featured the controversial song "Cop Killer" which received negative reactions from political figures like then-President George H.W. Bush, then-Vice President Dan Quayle and Tipper Gore, co-founder of Parents Music Resource Center. Ice-T decided to re-release the album with the song "Cop Killer" on it saying "I didn't want my band to get pigeon-holed as that's the only reason that record sold. It just got outta hand and I was just tired of hearing it. I said, 'fuck it,' I mean they're saying we did it for money, and we didn't. I'd gave the record away, ya know, let's move on, let's get back to real issues, not a record but the cops that are out there killing people."





Yellowcard

Yellowcard are an American pop punk band from Jacksonville, Florida. 

The band was formed in 1997 after the members of the band met each other at the Douglas Anderson School of the Arts. They released their debut album, "Midget Tossing", on April 1, 1997. The band's best known song is "Ocean Avenue" which reached #37 on the Billboard Hot 100.





Trapt

Trapt is an American hard rock band from Los Gatos, California.

The band was formed in 1997 when the members met each other in high school in the mid-'90s and shortly thereafter developed an act with vocalist Chris Taylor Brown, guitarist Simon Ormandy, bassist Peter Charell and drummer David Stege.

In 1999, Trapt independently released Amalgamation. In 2000, Trapt also independently released Glimpse EP. Also in 2000, David Stege left the band and was replaced by Robin Diaz. In 2001, Trapt signed with Warner Bros. Records. Also in 2001, Robin Diaz left the band and was replaced by Aaron Montgomery. 

Trapt starting working on their debut album in 2001. Trapt released their self-titled debut album, "Trapt", on November 5, 2002. Their self-titled album featured the band's best known song is "Headstrong" which reached #16 on the Billboard Hot 100.

In early 2004, Trapt started to working on their second studio album to release in fall of that year, but got delayed into early 2005, then delayed once again to fall 2005. Also in 2004, Trapt released a self-titled three track EP. The three tracks were "Made of Class" and "Echo" from the debut album and the previously unreleased, "Promise". 

On September 13, 2005, Trapt released the second studio album, "Someone In Control". It's single, "Stand Up" reached No. 3 on the US Mainstream Rock chart.

Their live album, Trapt Live was released in 2007. In 2008, Simon Ormandy left the band and was replaced by Robb Torres. Trapt's third studio album, "Only Through the Pain" was released on August 5, 2008. 

Trapt's fourth studio album, "No Apologies" was released on October 12, 2010. In 2011, Trapt released a compilation album called "Headstrong". 

In 2012, Aaron Montgomery left the band and was replaced by Dylan Howard. "Reborn" was released on January 22, 2013. 

On February 7, 2014, Trapt re-released "Amalgamation" and "Glimpse EP". On June 15, 2014, they started working on their sixth studio album. "DNA" was released on August 19, 2016.






Sick Puppies

Sick Puppies are an Australian alternative metal band from Sydney. 

The band was formed in 1997 after band members Shimon More and Emma Anzai met in the music room of Mosman High School. They released their debut album, "Welcome to the Real World", on 3 September 2001. 

Their song "You're Going Down" was used as the theme song for the 2009 WWE pay per view Extreme Rules and is also included on the soundtrack to the video game WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010.





Diana (given name)

Diana is a female given name. It is pronounced [ dahy-an-"uh" ].It has ranked among the top 200 female names in the United States since the 1930s.This name was ranked #225 on the US Popular Names in 2021. Originating from Latin, the moniker Diana is linked to the Roman goddess of the hunt and the moon. Moreover, it is connected to the Latin term "divine," conveying the sense of being "heavenly" or "godly." Famous Dianas include the singer Diana Ross, Princess Diana and a Roman goddess who is named Diana. The name was also used for two hurricanes in the Atlantic in 1984 and 1990. The 1990 storm hit eastern Mexico. It caused more than 100 deaths. The name "Diana" was then retired.


Melinda

Melinda [ m"uh"-lin-d"uh" ] is a girl name derived from Greek word "meli" (that means "honey"). Melinda is a timeless name that has been in existence for centuries. Its history is steeped in richness and meaning. Originating from Greece, the name Melinda signifies "sweetness" or "honey." It is a name that frequently evokes feelings of kindness, empathy, and affection.The name is extremely popular in certain countries. However, in the United States, the name peaked at 72 in popularity, and has been on the gradual decline since the 1970s. The name was first used in the year 1815 by József Katona. Examples of the name for famous persons include Melinda Gates (who is wife for Bill Gates). This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Melinda French Gates

Melinda Ann French Gates (née French; August 15, 1964) is an American business woman who once worked at Microsoft. She was married to Bill Gates. They met while she was working for Microsoft.

She was awarded an honorary damehood by Queen Elizabeth II in 2014 for her services to charity and international development. As an American citizen, she cannot be called "Dame Melinda", but can use the letters "DBE" after her name. Her current occupations are that she is a philanthropist and she is running the "Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation" with her ex-husband. She has three children : Phoebe Adele Gates, Rory John Gates, and Jennifer Katharine Gates. She got awarded for the Gates Foundation in May 2006.

On May 3, 2021, Bill and Melinda Gates announced that they had decided to divorce following 27 years of marriage, and 34 years as a couple. The couple said they will keep working together on charitable efforts.


Bhabanipur Shaktipeeth

Bhabanipur () is a sacred site in Hinduism. It is one of the Shakti Peethas of the Indian subcontinent.

Kimberly

The name Kimberly [ kim-ber-lee ] is mostly a female name, though this name is sometimes used for males. There are multiple spellings of this name, although in the United States "Kimberly" is most prevalent. The name is taken from Kimberley, located in South Africa (which is in turn named for Lord Kimberley, a person in the 19th century). Kimberly is a widely used moniker for female infants that has been in circulation for multiple decades. The name holds a significant past and profound significance. The name Kimberly originated from two Old English words, "cyneburg" and "leah," signifying "royal fortress" and "meadow," correspondingly. It was initially employed in the United States during the 1940s and has been a preferred pick among parents ever since. This name was ranked #220 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


University of Sydney

The University of Sydney is a public university in Sydney, Australia. The main campus is in the suburbs of Camperdown and Darlington. Founded in 1850, it is the oldest university in Australia and Oceania. In 2011, it had 32,393 undergraduate and 16,627 graduate students.

The University of Sydney is organised into sixteen faculties and schools. They offer bachelor's degrees, master's degrees and doctoral degrees. The univsersity often ranks amongst the best universities in Australia and Oceania. In 2012, it was ranked 39th in the world; 3rd in Australia, behind Australian National University (24th) and the University of Melbourne (36th) in the 2012 QS World University Rankings.

The main campus is in the top 10 of the world's most beautiful universities. This is according to the British Daily Telegraph and the American Huffington Post. This ranking is among other campuses, such as Oxford's and Cambridge's.

The campus spreads across the inner-city suburbs of Camperdown and Darlington. First, it was in what is now Sydney Grammar School. Then, in 1855 the government granted land in Grose Farm to the university. This is three kilometres from the city. Now, this land has the main Camperdown campus on it.

The main campus is the home base of the large Sydney Medical School. This school has many affiliated teaching hospitals across the state.

The main campus is the focus of the university's student life. The student-run University of Sydney Union has three buildings. These are the Wentworth, Manning and Holme Buildings. These buildings house a large proportion of the university's catering outlets. These buildings also provide space for recreational rooms, bars and function centres. One of the most significant activities organised by the Union is Welcome Week. This is a three-day festival at the start of the academic year. Welcome Week centres on stalls set up by clubs and societies on the Front Lawns.

The main campus is also home to a variety of statues, artworks, and monuments. These include the Gilgamesh Statue and the Confucius Statue.

The NSW state government has reduced transport links to the campus. It also reduced transport links to the closest Redfern railway station. But, there is still access to buses on the neighbouring Parramatta Road and City Road. This is to prioritise the growth of other Sydney universities.

In 1854, the architect Edmund Blacket designed the first buildings. Then, in 1858, people finished building the Great Hall. In 1859, people finished building the Main Building. Finally, in 1862, people completed the Quadrangle and Great Tower buildings.

In the mid-20th century, the university expanded in enrollment. This led the university to buy more land.

The 2002 conservation plan of the university stated many campus features are significant. This includes Victoria Park.

Since 2007, the university has used space in the former Eveleigh railway yards. They are to the south of Darlington. It has used this space for examination purposes.

In 2015, The NSW Department of Planning and Environment endorsed a plan. This was the University of Sydney's $1.4 billion Campus Improvement Plan. It involved many new important structures and renovations.

In 2018, the government agreed to put sites on the state heritage register. These include the University of Sydney and some surrounding areas. This created a conservation area. This area contains the Camperdown campus and the nearby Victoria Park.

The beginning of 2021 saw the closure of the Cumberland campus. Then, some health disciplines returned to the Camperdown campus. They did this in the state-of-the-art, purpose-built Susan Wakil Health Building.


Canary Current

The Canary Current is a wind-driven surface current that is part of the North Atlantic Gyre. This eastern boundary current branches south from the North Atlantic Current and flows southwest about as far as Senegal where it turns west and later joins the Atlantic North Equatorial Current. The current is named after the Canary Islands. The archipelago (group of islands) partially blocks the flow of the Canary Current (Gyory, 2007).
This wide and slow-moving current is thought to have been exploited in the early Phoenician navigation and settlement along the coast of western Morocco. The ancient Phoenicians not only exploited numerous fisheries within this current zone, but also established a factory at Iles Purpuraires off present day Essaouira for extracting a Tyrian purple dye from a marine gastropod murex species (Hogan, 2007).

Sarah (given name)

Sarah [ sair-"uh" ] is a female given name. It comes from the Hebrew language. It is a common name. It refers to Sarah, the wife of Abraham in Hebrew Bible. In Hebrew, Sarah means "the woman of high rank". This name is used a lot in the United States, Europe and Canada. In the United States, the name ranked near 30 in 2010. Its alternate spelling "Sara" ranked near 121. This name was ranked #92 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Hall of Mirrors (Versailles)

The Hall of Mirrors () is a gallery in the Palace of Versailles, France. It was constructed on what was once a terrace designed by Le Vau. Mansart and Le Brun designed and built the Hall between 1678 and 1684. The Hall is decorated with marble. The "French order" capitals depict a cock, Apollo, and fleur-de-lys. The walls and cornices are decorated with gilded bronze trophies by Coysevox, Tubi, Le Gros, Clérion, and Flamen. The niches contain depictions of Bacchus, Urania, Modesty, Venus in Modesty and antiques from the collections of King Louis XIV.

The ceiling depicts the War with Holland (1672-1678). The medallions and trompe l'œil paintings depict the War of Devolution (1667-1668). They also depict the administrative reforms in the early years of Louis XIV's reign. Two of the four alabaster tables are from the collections of the duc d'Antin. The vases and busts are from the Royal collections. The 1770 chandeliers and candelabra were reconstructed in 1980 after the originals and documents in the archives.

During the 17th century, the Hall of Mirrors was used by Louis XIV when he walked from his private apartment to the chapel. At this time, courtiers assembled to watch the king and members of the royal family pass. In 1745 the Hall was the scene of "The Yew Tree Ball". It was at this event that Louis XV met Madame de Pompadour. In the 19th century, the Prussian king, William I, was declared German emperor on 18 January 1871 in the Hall of Mirrors by Bismarck and the victorious German princes and lords. French Prime Minister Clemenceau chose the Hall of Mirrors to sign the Treaty of Versailles that ended World War I on 28 June 1919. The Hall of Mirrors still serves for state occasions such as receptions for visiting heads of state.

Campbell's dwarf hamster

Campbell's dwarf hamster ("Phodopus campbelli") is a species of hamster. It is native to central Asia. The species was named after a man called W. C. Campbell, who collected the first one in Mongolia on 1 July 1902. 

They typically eat corn, oats, peanuts, vegetables and a wide variety of seeds. They also eat insects, arthropods mollusks, leaves, wood, bark, seeds, stems, flowers, fruits, and grains.

The Campbell's dwarf hamster has predators like foxes, owls, eagles, kestrels, and falcons.

Campbell's dwarf hamsters live about 2.5 years to 3 years. They live in burrows and use grass, feathers, and wool, to create it. Seeds and food are extremely close inside because they don’t want other animals to find their food source so that they can have enough food when it is time for winter.

The Campbells Russian hamster is a grayish color with a cream white belly and a dark stripe running down its back. There are 3 types of colors that have been identified. The collared, mottled, and the spot. They each vary and can be very different from another.


GNU Hurd

GNU Hurd is a multiserver kernel with the goal of providing users with as much freedom to do as they wish with the GNU operating system as possible. It was initially intended to provide a free alternative to Unix (GNU stands for "GNU's Not Unix"). The Hurd was the intended implementation of the GNU operating system before Linux became the kernel of choice for GNU users. The current goal of the Hurd project is:

[T]o create a general-purpose kernel suitable for the GNU operating system, which is viable for everyday use, and gives users and programs as much control over their computing environment as possible.

The Hurd kernel consists of a microkernel that provides basic kernel services and a collection (or "herd") of servers / daemons that provided services that are beyond basic. This design was meant to provide developers with freedom that Unix and other Unix-like operating systems did not. For example, this design allows developers to program servers in languages other than the one used by the kernel. GNU Mach currently is the microkernel being used in the Hurd.

Richard Stallman created the GNU project in 1983 and founded the Free Software Foundation (FSF) in 1985 in order to fund and promote the development of free software and GNU. By the early 1990's, the GNU toolchain and other components besides the kernel were completed. Work began the Hurd in 1990. Stallman decided to use Carnegie Mellon University's Mach microkernel as the basis for the Hurd microkernel.

In 1991, Linus Torvalds released the Linux kernel, and free software enthusiasts ported GNU's completed components to the Linux kernel in order to create GNU/Linux. NetBSD and FreeBSD were released a couple of years later, yet the Hurd was not in a functional state. Due to the presence of functioning alternatives, interest in the Hurd waned. As the FSF moved away from GNU development and more towards free software activism, Debian became more involved in the Hurd's development.



Frederick

Frederick (also spelled Frederic) is a masculine given name that means "peaceful ruler". The name is the English form of the German name "Friedrich". The pronunciation of the name is [ fred-rik, -er-ik ]. This name ranked among the top 100 masculine names for the United States between 1880 and 1957. After that, the name became less popular. The name was number 536 in popularity in the United States in the late 2000s. At the same time it was number 99 in England. As "Frederic", the name was used on a hurricane that struck the Gulf Coast of the United States in September 1979.This name was ranked #476 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Madame de Pompadour

Jeanne Antoinette Poisson was better known as Madame de Pompadour. The Marquise of Pompadour (29 December 1721 – 15 April 1764) was courtier and the official chief mistress of Louis XV from 1745 until her death. She was born in Paris, Kingdom of France, and died there from tuberculosis at 42. She was presented to the royal court by a cousin of the King, the Princess of Conti. 

Emina Jahović

Emina Jahović Sandal (born 15 January 1982) is a well-known Serbian-Turkish singer-songwriter, model, and actress.

She is of Bosniak origin and is married to Mustafa Sandal, the leading Turkish pop star.

Emina grew up in a Bosnian Muslim family in Novi Pazar, Serbia. Her brother is Mirsad Türkcan, the first Turkish basketball player to play in the NBA. She majored in Management at Braća Karić University in Belgrade.

She is 5'10" (178 cm) tall and is an official face of the Macedonian fashion label "Kara". She is quite popular across the entire area of former Yugoslavia and all around Eastern Europe. Emina is also known in Iran for her role in "Omre Gole Laleh" and is widely-recognized amongst the diaspora communities of the Former Yugoslavia in the United States.

Her sister-in-law is Dina Džanković, the last beauty queen to have the title of Miss Serbia and Montenegro.

She has two sons, Yaman (b. 2008) and Yavuz (2012).

In 2000, she won the youth festival Zlatna staza with the song "Samo ti, moja muziko". Her debut album "Tačka" was released in 2001 by Dino Merlin, the world-wide known artist.

In 2002, she participated in BH Eurosong with the song "U, la-la" and received an award at the Radio Festival in Sarajevo.

In 2003, she participated in the Sunčane Skale festival and won the third place with her song "Uzalud se budim". That made her one of the most popular artists in the former Yugoslav republics.

In 2005, she released her second album called "Radije ranije" through "City Records". In the 2005 Budvanski Festival she won the award for the best songwriter.

In 2008, Emina released her maxi single in English called "Exhale" in NYC. This album is produced by Bojan Dugić, the GRAMMY Awards voting member. Emina's 2008 video clip of "Još ti se nadam" is one of the most expensive music videos in Serbian music history.

In 2009, Emina Jahović's third studio album entitled "Vila" was released through PGP RTS.

In 2010, she was nominated to represent Serbia at the 2010 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Ti kvariigro" that is composed by Goran Bregović for her.

She also performed in the 2013 Dosso Dossi Fashion Show on January 9, 2013 while Adriana Lima was on the runway.

Emina Jahović Sandal is known for resemblance to the Spanish actress Penélope Cruz.




The Fleece Inn

The Fleece Inn is a public house located in Bretforton, Worcestershire in the Vale of Evesham. The building is a half-timbered one. It is over six hundred years old. It has been a pub since 1848. It is now owned by the National Trust. The Fleece Inn is distinguished by its homely character. Pewter mugs, brass and copper utensils, pottery and china, oak settles and benches, a spinning wheel, all contribute to the homely atmosphere. The inn was damaged by fire on 27 February 2004. Repairs and rebuilding began on 1 November 2004. The Fleece officially reopened on 18 June 2005 with a new roof and other upgrades.


Tamil nationalism

Tamil nationalists in both Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu attempted to create an independent state (Tamil Eelam) amid the increasing political and physical violence against ordinary Tamils by the Sri Lankan government since the pogroms of 1983, known as Black July. After the island's independence from Britain, the Sri Lankan government passed the Citizenship Act of 1948, which made more than a million Tamils of Indian origin stateless.

Ski resort

A ski resort is a place where people go skiing or to do other winter sports. Usually, these places are towns or villages in the mountains. This is because a lot of snow is needed for these sports. Ski lifts and slopes down the mountain are also needed. The lifts are usually cable cars, gondola lifts and chairlifts. Ski resorts also have hotels and restaurants for tourists. 

There are many ski resorts around the world. The Alps in Europe have a lot, and so do the United States and Canada. There are very few in Africa because it does not snow a lot there.

Charlecote Park

Charlecote Park is a house and park owned by the National Trust. It is located 4 miles east of Stratford-upon-Avon, and 6 miles south of Warwick on the B4086 Stratford/Banbury road. The house and park were owned by the Lucy family from the 13th century to 1945, when they were presented to the National Trust.

Sir Thomas Lucy tore down an earlier structure to make way for the present house in 1558. He was a man of wealth. He entertained Queen Elizabeth I at breakfast in 1572 as she made her way to Kenilworth. Lucy is better known for having fined the young William Shakespeare over a poaching incident in 1583. This incident prompted Shakespeare to flee Warwickshire for London.

Charlecote was inherited in the direct male line until George Lucy died in 1786. This man improved the house. He hired Capability Brown to improve the park about 1769. In the early years of the 19th century, another George Lucy continued improvements, leaving little unchanged except for the gatehouse.

Elimination reaction

In organic chemistry, an elimination reaction is when some atoms or group of atoms are taken away from a bigger molecule. Usually, a double or a triple bond are made by this reaction.

There are two main ways to do an elimination reaction. The first is called E1. It happens in two steps. If there is a good leaving group in the molecule, it can leave on its own. Then, a base or another substance can take away the other group. The second way is called E2. This happens only in one step. In this case, the base takes away one group while at the same time the leaving group goes away.

A common elimination reaction happens with alcohols. If there is strong acid around, a molecule of water can be eliminated to form the double bond.

Reaction mechanism

A reaction mechanism is writing step by step how a chemical reaction works. Usually, only the overall change can be seen in a reaction. The things made in between react too quickly to be seen. These are called intermediates, and in going from one intermediate to another a transition state is crossed. However, it is important to understand all the steps that make the total change. This is because then one can understand more difficult reactions or try to make a reaction work in a certain way.

There are many type of reaction mechanisms. In organic chemistry, the more common ones are nucleophilic substitution, elimination and addition. People sometimes use arrow pushing to draw how electrons move around during a reaction. This makes it easy to see which bonds are formed and which are broken during the process.

Deborah

Deborah (also spelled Debra) is a female name. It is pronounced [ deb-er-"uh", deb-r"uh" ]. It is used a lot in some countries. This name was ranked #909 on the US Popular Names in 2021. The name comes from a Hebrew word for "the bee". This name was used by a prophet woman inside the Old Testament Book of Judges. In the United States, "Deborah" itself was most popular for females born between 1950 and 1970. It ranked number 25 for 1990, although it is now less popular. Its variant forms "Debra", "Debby" and "Debbie" have been used for Atlantic tropical cyclones. Famous people with the name include Debbie Allen and Debbie Gibson.


List of national flowers

A floral emblem is a flower or plant that is chosen by a country as a symbol or emblem for that country.

Pauline Phillips

Pauline Esther Friedman Phillips (writing as Abigail Van Buren) (July 4, 1918 – January 16, 2013) was an American advice columnist and radio show host who was known for her radio show "Dear Abby" during the 1950s.

Phillips was born on July 4, 1918 in Sioux City, Iowa. Her parents were Jewish-Russian immigrants. She studied at Morningside College. Her twin sister, Esther "Eppie" Pauline Friedman Lederer, was also a well-known advice columnist. She used the name Ann Landers.

Phillips was married to Morton Phillips from 1939 until her death in 2013. They had two children. She had Alzheimer's disease since 2002. Phillips died on January 16, 2013 in Minneapolis, Minnesota from the disease, aged 94.


Fountain of Apollo

The Fountain of Apollo () is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles. It depicts the Greek sun god Apollo rising from the sea at daybreak in his four-horse chariot. He is accompanied by Tritons. In 1639, Louis XIII had a pond dug on the site of the fountain called the Pond of the Swans. In 1671, Louis XIV enlarged the pond. Le Brun suggested it be dedicated to Apollo based on its east-west orientation. The parallels drawn between Louis and the sun god also entered into the decision. Le Brun's Apollo is seen sitting in his four-horse chariot. He rises from the grotto of Thetys where he has spent the night. This theme was popular in the arts at the time. The gilded statue was made by Tuby of Rome. It was installed in 1671. Beyond the fountain lies the Grand Canal. The Fountain of Apollo incorrectly depicts Apollo rising in the west rather than the east.

In 2014, a same-scale replica was unveiled in Tainan, Taiwan, at the entrance of the Chimei Museum. The museum commissioned French artist Gills Perrault in 2008 to reproduce the Fountain of Apollo, same as the one in Palace of Versailles. It took three years for modern laser measuring and the mold to be made in France for the reproduction sculpture, and another three years to carve the marble in Italy. This Fountain of Apollo in Chimei Museum, however, correctly depicts Apollo rising from the east. 



Frank Gehry

Frank Owen Gehry (born Frank Owen Goldberg; February 28, 1929) is a Canadian-American architect who won the Pritzker Prize in 1989. He is known for his buildings such as 8 Spruce Street, Dancing House, Port Olímpic, Jay Pritzker Pavilion, Guggenheim Museum Bilbao and the Walt Disney Concert Hall. He built buildings across the United States and across South America.

Gehry was born on February 28, 1929 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada to Polish-Jewish parents. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. He stuided at Los Angeles City College and at the University of Southern California. Gehry now lives in Santa Monica, California.

In 1989, Gehry won the Pritzker Prize.


Queen's apartment at Versailles

The Queen's apartment at Versailles () consists of several rooms: The Queen's Bedchamber; The Queen's Private Cabinets; The Room of the Queen's Gentlemen; The Queen's Antechamber; The Room of the Queen's Guard. The apartment overlooks the Parterre du Midi, and parallels the King's Apartment. When the King's Apartment was abandoned at the end of Louis XIV's reign, the Queens continued to occupy the Queen's Apartment.




The royal couple ate in "The Queen's Antechamber". This was a public event. Louis XVI and Antoinette sat with their backs to the fireplace. Only the royal family could sit at the table. The duchesses, princesses, and others of great rank were allowed to sit on stools facing the royals. Others of high rank stood.

Louis XIV enjoyed the dinner ritual. Louis XV preferred more private suppers. Louis XVI ate well. Antoinette was bored. A witness reports that: "The Queen sat on the King’s left. They had their backs turned to the fireplace [...] The King ate with a good appetite, but the Queen did not remove her gloves and did not use her serviette (napkin), which was very wrong of her". To ease her boredom, the Queen asked for music at every meal. She had a platform set up for this purpose.

This room was once The Room of the Queen's Guard. In the 1680s, the room was sometimes used as a theatre. Royal virtues are illustrated in the ceiling paintings of ancient heroines by Vignon and Paillet. Portraits of Louis XVI's aunts by Madame Labille-Guiard are part of the decor. Above the doors are works by Madeline de Boulogne dated 1675.


Madame du Barry's apartment

Madame du Barry's apartment at Versailles was the apartment that belonged to Madame du Barry. It was here that King Louis XV had suppers with Du Barry, warming the coffee himself at the stove. The library sofa was designed by Delafosse. The parrot cage is embellished with porcelain flowers and is indicative of Du Barry's taste. The apartment and bedchamber are on the site of the small gallery. This gallery was decorated with "exotic hunting scenes" by Boucher, Lancret, and others. They are at this time in the Amiens museum. 


SunRice

Ricegrowers Limited is trading as SunRice. It is one of the largest rice food companies in the world and one of Australia's leading branded food exporters. In the 2023 Financial Year, the company recorded revenue of A$1.6 billion and Net Profit After Tax of A$54.8 million.

The SunRice Group comprises multiple businesses, assets and operations across Australia, New Zealand, the Middle East, the United States, the Pacific Islands and Asia. It has around 35 major brands in approximately 50 global markets and employs over 2,000 people.

Australian rice production is based in regional southern New South Wales. The company's head office is located in Leeton (with a corporate office also in Sydney), and it has rice mills in Leeton, Deniliquin, and Coleambally. SunRice also operates stockfeed plants in Leeton, Tongala and Cobden.

SunRice's main office is in Leeton. 


Bois-d'Arcy, Yonne

Bois-d'Arcy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Les Bordes, Yonne

Les Bordes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Branches, Yonne

Branches is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brannay

Brannay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brienon-sur-Armançon

Brienon-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brion, Yonne

Brion is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brosses

Brosses is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bussières, Yonne

Bussières is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bussy-en-Othe

Bussy-en-Othe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bussy-le-Repos, Yonne

Bussy-le-Repos is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Butteaux

Butteaux is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Carisey

Carisey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Celle-Saint-Cyr

La Celle-Saint-Cyr is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Censy

Censy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cérilly, Yonne

Cérilly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cerisiers

Cerisiers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cézy

Cézy is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chablis

Chablis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chailley

Chailley is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chambeugle

Chambeugle is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Chamoux, Yonne

Chamoux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champcevrais

Champcevrais is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champignelles

Champignelles is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champigny, Yonne

Champigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champlay

Champlay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champlost

Champlost is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champs-sur-Yonne

Champs-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champvallon

Champvallon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Chamvres

Chamvres is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Chapelle-sur-Oreuse

La Chapelle-sur-Oreuse is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Chapelle-Vaupelteigne

La Chapelle-Vaupelteigne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Charbuy

Charbuy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Charentenay

Charentenay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Charmoy, Yonne

Charmoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Yrouerre

Yrouerre is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Charny, Yonne

Charny is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Voutenay-sur-Cure

Voutenay-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Volgré

Volgré is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Voisines, Yonne

Voisines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chassignelles

Chassignelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chassy, Yonne

Chassy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chastellux-sur-Cure

Chastellux-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Châtel-Censoir

Châtel-Censoir is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Châtel-Gérard

Châtel-Gérard is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chaumont, Yonne

Chaumont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chaumot, Yonne

Chaumot is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Chemilly-sur-Serein

Chemilly-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. 

Historic monuments : "Eglise de la décollation de saint jean baptiste, Cassemouche watermill."


Chemilly-sur-Yonne

Chemilly-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chêne-Arnoult

Chêne-Arnoult is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Cheney, Yonne

Cheney is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cheny

Cheny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chéroy

Chéroy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chéu

Chéu is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chevannes, Yonne

Chevannes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the middle of France.



Chevillon, Yonne

Chevillon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Pisy

Pisy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Poilly-sur-Serein

Poilly-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Poilly-sur-Tholon

Poilly-sur-Tholon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pontaubert

Pontaubert is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chichée

Chichée is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Viviers, Yonne

Viviers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vireaux

Vireaux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vinneuf

Vinneuf is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vincelottes

Vincelottes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chichery

Chichery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chigy

Chigy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne.


Chitry

Chitry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cisery

Cisery is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Les Clérimois

Les Clérimois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Collan

Collan is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Collemiers

Collemiers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Compigny

Compigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cornant

Cornant is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coulangeron

Coulangeron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. 


Coulanges-la-Vineuse

Coulanges-la-Vineuse is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coulanges-sur-Yonne

Coulanges-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coulours

Coulours is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courgenay, Yonne

Courgenay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courgis

Courgis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courlon-sur-Yonne

Courlon-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courson-les-Carrières

Courson-les-Carrières is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courtoin

Courtoin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courtois-sur-Yonne

Courtois-sur-Yonne is a commune in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coutarnoux

Coutarnoux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Crain, Yonne

Crain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cravant, Yonne

Cravant is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Deux Rivières.

Cruzy-le-Châtel

Cruzy-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Cry, Yonne

Cry is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cudot

Cudot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cussy-les-Forges

Cussy-les-Forges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cuy, Yonne

Cuy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dannemoine

Dannemoine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dicy

Dicy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Diges

Diges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dissangis

Dissangis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dixmont, Yonne

Dixmont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


NASCAR Hall of Fame

The NASCAR Hall of Fame showcases drivers who have given large contributions to the sport of NASCAR. It also shows people who have been great grew chiefs, car owners, and others who have made big positive changes to NASCAR. Construction on the Hall of Fame began on January 26, 2007, and it officially opened on May 11, 2010. The City of Charlotte built and owns the NASCAR Hall of Fame. The Hall is run by the Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority. Winston Kelley is the NASCAR Hall of Fame Executive Director. The first class of people who were inducted in the hall of fame were inducted the day after the 2010 NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race. Richard Petty and Dale Inman helped unviel the first display at the Hall of Fame, which was the Plymouth Belvedere that Petty drove to 27 race wins in 1967.

To be inducted into the Hall of Fame, somebody who used to drive in NASCAR had to have driven for at least 10 years. This person must also have been retired for at least three years.
People who did not drive in NASCAR, but were part of the sport in an important way must have also been active for at least ten years. Under special circumstances, somebody may be inducted into the Hall of Fame even if they were not active for 10 years.

A group of 21 people on a nominating committee chooses nominees from those we meet the requirements to be in the Hall of Fame. This group is made up of:

After a list of candidates is chosen, a total of 48 votes are cast by another group of people on a voting committee. The voting committee is made up of the nominating committee and the following:

On October 14, 2009, the NASCAR Hall of Fame panel met at the Charlotte Convention Center in Charlotte, North Carolina, to choose the first group of people to go into the Hall of Fame. Five people were selected. These people were:

The class was inducted on May 23, 2010.

The members of the Class of 2011 are:

The Class of 2011 was announced on October 13, 2010, and was inducted on May 23, 2011.

The members of the Class of 2012 are:

The Class of 2012 was announced on June 14, 2011, and was inducted on January 20, 2012.

The members of the Class of 2013 are:

The Class of 2013 was announced on May 23, 2012 and was inducted on February 8, 2013.

The ticket prices are Adult $19.95, Senior (60+) $17.95, Military $17.95, and Children (5-12) $12.95. Open daily 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. (closed only Easter, Thanksgiving and Christmas)


Ruddigore

Ruddigore; or, The Witch's Curse is a two-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It was premiered by the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company on 22 January 1887 at the Savoy Theatre in London, England. It ran for 288 performances over 8 months. It is the tenth of the fourteen operettas written by Gilbert and Sullivan. 


The baronets of Ruddigore are compelled to commit a crime every day under a witch's curse. Robin Oakapple is a baronet of Ruddigore who has fled the curse. He and his love, Rose Maybud, are about to marry when Robin's identity is exposed. 

In Ruddigore Castle, Robin cannot commit himself to a life of crime. The portraits of his ancestors come to life to punish him. He outwits them and frees himself from the curse for all time. He is reunited with Rose.





Mia (given name)

The name Mia is a female name taken from the Slavic terminology "mila" (which represents "darling"). The moniker "Mia" comes from the Italian language and has its roots in the term "mio," which translates to "mine" or "my." It's common in Italian culture to use "Mia" as a pet name, akin to the English terms "honey" or "sweetheart." This usage imbues the name with a sense of warmth and affection, making it an ideal option for parents seeking a name that expresses love and tenderness towards their child. The name is strongly prevalent throughout Europe, the United States, England and Germany; in central Europe, "Mia" is a pet name version for "Maria", "Amelia" and "Emilia". This name was ranked #8 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are many celebrities with the name, including Mia Hamm, Mia Rose and Mia Farrow.


La Ferté-Hauterive

La Ferté-Hauterive is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Fleuriel

Fleuriel is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Fourilles

Fourilles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Franchesse

Franchesse is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Gannat

Gannat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.

The D116 road passes through Gannat.




Gannay-sur-Loire

Gannay-sur-Loire is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Garnat-sur-Engièvre

Garnat-sur-Engièvre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Gennetines

Gennetines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Gipcy

Gipcy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Givarlais

Givarlais is a former commune in the Allier department in central France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Bocage.


Gouise

Gouise is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Guillermie

La Guillermie is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Hauterive, Allier

Hauterive is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Dollot

Dollot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Domats

Domats is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Domecy-sur-Cure

Domecy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Domecy-sur-le-Vault

Domecy-sur-le-Vault is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dracy

Dracy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Druyes-les-Belles-Fontaines

Druyes-les-Belles-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dyé

Dyé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Égleny

Égleny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Égriselles-le-Bocage

Égriselles-le-Bocage is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Épineau-les-Voves

Épineau-les-Voves is a commune that is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Épineuil

Épineuil is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Escamps, Yonne

Escamps is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Escolives-Sainte-Camille

Escolives-Sainte-Camille is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Esnon

Esnon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étais-la-Sauvin

Étais-la-Sauvin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étaule

Étaule is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étigny

Étigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étivey

Étivey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Évry, Yonne

Évry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the centre of France.


La Ferté-Loupière

La Ferté-Loupière is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Festigny, Yonne

Festigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Flacy

Flacy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fleury-la-Vallée

Fleury-la-Vallée is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Fleys

Fleys is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Flogny-la-Chapelle

Flogny-la-Chapelle is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Foissy-lès-Vézelay

Foissy-lès-Vézelay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Foissy-sur-Vanne

Foissy-sur-Vanne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontaine-la-Gaillarde

Fontaine-la-Gaillarde is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontaines, Yonne

Fontaines is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenailles, Yonne

Fontenailles is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Les Hauts de Forterre.


Fontenay-près-Chablis

Fontenay-près-Chablis is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenay-près-Vézelay

Fontenay-près-Vézelay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenay-sous-Fouronnes

Fontenay-sous-Fouronnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenouilles

Fontenouilles is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Fontenoy, Yonne

Fontenoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fouchères, Yonne

Fouchères is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fournaudin

Fournaudin is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fouronnes

Fouronnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fresnes, Yonne

Fresnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fulvy

Fulvy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pimelles

Pimelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Piffonds

Piffonds is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pierre-Perthuis

Pierre-Perthuis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Perrigny-sur-Armançon

Perrigny-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pontigny

Pontigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pont-sur-Vanne

Pont-sur-Vanne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pont-sur-Yonne

Pont-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Postolle

La Postolle is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pourrain

Pourrain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Précy-le-Sec

Précy-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vincelles, Yonne

Vincelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villy, Yonne

Villy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villon, Yonne

Villon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. 

Villiers-Vineux

Villiers-Vineux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Germigny, Yonne

Germigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gigny, Yonne

Gigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Girolles, Yonne

Girolles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gisy-les-Nobles

Gisy-les-Nobles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Givry, Yonne

Givry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-sur-Tholon

Villiers-sur-Tholon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Jeshorehwari Kali Temple

Jeshoreshwari Kali Temple () is a famous Hindu temple in Bangladesh, dedicated to the goddess Kali.

Shri Shail

Shri Shail () is a Hindu temple in Bangladesh. It is dedicated to Shakti. It is in Joinpur village, Dakshin Surma, near Gotatikar, 3 km north-east of Sylhet town.

Sugandha Shaktipeeth

Sugandha Shaktipeeth (), is a Hindu temple of the Goddess Sunanda, in Bangladesh. It is in the village of Shikarpur, 10 miles north of Barisal.

Karen

Karen is a female given name, and a Danish short version of "Katherine". The pronunciation of the name is [ k"uh"-ren ]. The name Karen is of Danish origin, and it means "pure" or "chaste." It ranked in the top 10 during 1950s and 1960s, peaking at the #3 in 1965. There are multiple celebrities with the name. In addition, the name is currently being used for Atlantic tropical cyclones.
'Karren' is also a surname. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). Karen has also became a derogatory term for middle-aged white women.


Pattan

Pattan () is a unit and a subdistrict of Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Ganderbal

Ganderbal () is unit and a sub-district of Ganderbal District, Jammu and Kashmir State of India. It used to be part of Srinagar District.

Kangan

Kangan () is town and a sub-district of Ganderbal District, Jammu and Kashmir, India. It used to be part of Srinagar District.

Electoral college

An electoral college is a group of people who are chosen to elect a candidate to a particular office (job). The electors usually have one vote each. Often each elector represents a particular organization or entity. Many times, though, the electors are simply important people whose wisdom would ideally make a better choice than a larger group of people. The electoral college can ignore the wishes of a general membership.

A similar concept existed in the former Holy Roman Empire, in which the Holy Roman Emperor was elected by the rulers of various provinces of the Empire, or their representatives. These rulers were referred to as Electors. For instance, King George III of Great Britain was also Duke and prince-elector of Brunswick-Lüneburg ("Hanover") and later became King of Hanover, though he never visited Hanover. 


Katherine

Katherine is a female name that is very popular in multiple countries, and especially so in Christian countries. It is of Greek origin and means "pure" or "clear." The pronunciation of the name is [ kath-er-in, kath-rin ]. The name and its related variants have ranked on the 100 most popular girls names in the United States since around 1880. There are many celebrities with the name itself and its variants. Its variants "Kate", "Katrina" and "Karen" have been used on Atlantic tropical cyclones. This name was ranked #158 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Khagrachari District

Khagrachari () is a district in southeastern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Chittagong Division and the Chittagong Hill Tracts. it has many tourist area, Such as sajek velly, Richang Jhorna, Alu Tila etc.

Cox's Bazar District

Cox's Bazar () is a district in the Chittagong Division of Bangladesh.

Hugo (name)

The name Hugo [ hyoo-goh ] is a male given name of Germanic origin "Hugo", which means "bright in mind and spirit". Hugo is a moniker with a lengthy existence, boasting a complex background and significance. Its roots can be traced back to the Germanic language, where it translates to "mind" or "intellect." The term itself originates from the Old High German word "hug," signifying "thought" or "mind." The name Hugo has seen usage in various societies and tongues, earning a widespread appeal throughout the course of history. The English spelling for "Hugo" is "Hugh". The name can also be used for surnames. The popularity of "Hugo" is very high in Europe. A devastating hurricane with the name struck the Caribbean Islands and South Carolina in September 1989.


Gazipur District

Gazipur () is a district of central Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Manikganj District

Manikganj () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Narsingdi District

Narsingdi (, ) is a district in central Bangladesh. It is 50 km north-east of Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Munshiganj District

Munshiganj () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica

The Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica (GNAA), or National Gallery of Ancient Art, is an art gallery in Rome, Italy, located on two sites: the Palazzo Barberini and the Palazzo Corsini. The Palazzo Barberini was designed for Pope Urban VIII, a member of the Barberini family, by Italian architect Carlo Maderno (1556–1629) on the old location of Villa Sforza. Its central salon ceiling was decorated by Pietro da Cortona with the visual panegyric of the Allegory of Divine Providence and Barberini Power to glorify the papal Barberini family. The Palazzo Corsini, formerly known as Palazzo Riario, is a 15th century palace that was rebuilt in the 18th century by architect Ferdinando Fuga for Cardinal Neri Maria Corsini. For a partial list of artworks, see Palazzo Corsini entry.

The gallery's collection includes works by Gian Lorenzo Bernini, Caravaggio, Giovanni Baglione, Hans Holbein, Perugino, Nicolas Poussin, Giulio Romano, Raphael, Carlo Saraceni Tiepolo, Tintoretto and Tiziano.


Guilford Native American Association

The Guilford Native American Association is a Native American community association in Guilford County, North Carolina. It is a North Carolina "State-recognized American Indian Organization", 
and is a United Way referral agency.

Started in September 1975 by local parents as a non-profit education advocacy group, the association has grown to include child care, employment, and age-based community programs. It is the oldest American Indian urban association in North Carolina and one of the oldest organizations of its kind in the United States.

Its stated main goal is to "assist Indian people in achieving social and economic self-sufficiency". It serves over 5,000 Native Americans in Guilford and the surrounding counties. One of its major events since 1976 is an annual pow-wow and cultural festival.The association also operates the Guilford Native American Art Gallery in Greensboro, North Carolina.


Prudery

Prudery is being very modest, especially about sex. A person with such an attitude is a prude. Synonyms and hyponyms for this term include celibacist, anti-sexualist, erotophobe, anti-sexualist and genophobe.

Adaptive replacement cache

Adaptive replacement cache (often abbreviates "ARC") is a page replacement algorithm which was developed by IBM. It has a better performance than the frequently used LRU cache algorithm.

Golden triangle (universities)

The Golden Triangle is an unofficial name for a set of leading universities in the southern English cities of Oxford, Cambridge and London.

The University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge ('Oxbridge') form two corners of the triangle. The third is London: Imperial College, University College London, King's College London and the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). The last three are independent colleges of the University of London. The universities within the triangle (with the exception of the LSE) attract the highest research incomes of all British universities.

However, it has been argued that it should be replaced by a term like "Brilliant Diamond", to include the University of Manchester. The figures below suggest that both the universities of Manchester and Edinburgh belong in the same class, and might better reflect the geographical spectrum of the UK higher education.

Oxford, Cambridge and some of the London institutions collaborate in research. The Global Medical Excellence Cluster (GMEC) for biomedical research was formed by Oxford, Cambridge, Imperial College, University College London, King's College London and Queen Mary University of London.

Anna

The name Anna [ah-nuh] is a female given name with multiple variants. In Hebrew, it means "favor" or "grace". The variant "Anne" was originally French, although it has been in use in English for hundreds of years. The variant spelling "Ann" was originally English. There are countless famous people, queens and saints under this name and its variants(The year when the name Anna was most popular is 1904. In that year, the number of births is 5330, which represents 1.823 percent of total female births in 1904). This name was ranked #84 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021. 

The Spanish variant "Ana" has been used for Atlantic tropical cyclones. There are also many composite variants of Anna, including "Annabelle" (which is French) and "Annabella" (which is Italian).




Sovereign's Orb

The Sovereign's Orb is a piece of coronation regalia. It was created for the coronation of Charles II in 1661 from the royal goldsmith Robert Viner. It is made of gold, sapphires, rubies, emeralds, amethyst, diamonds, pearls, and enamel. It has been used at all coronations and events after the one of Charles II. 

In 1671, it was damaged in Colonel Thomas Blood's attempt to steal the regalia. The Orb shows Christian sovereignty over the earth. It was set with 12 large diamonds, 30 rubies, sapphires, and emeralds for the coronation of George I in 1714. 

During the coronation ceremony, the Archbishop of Canterbury places the orb in the right hand of the Monarch. It is put back on the altar. The Monarch leaves the coronation wearing the Crown, carrying the Scepter, and holding the Orb.

William and Mary came to the throne in 1689 as King and Queen, each in their own right. An orb was made for Mary II. It is called Queen Mary's Orb. It was used once and never used again. Both orbs were placed on Queen Victoria's coffin at her funeral.

The orbs are hollow balls of gold. The Sovereign's Orb is 6.5" in diameter. It weighs 42oz 7dwt. Queen Mary's orb is smaller: it measures 5.75" in diameter. It weighs 34oz 6dwt. Queen Mary's orb was originally set with hired jewels. Today it is set with imitations for display purposes. The Sovereign's Orb is currently set with over 600 precious stones and pearls.


Haiku (operating system)

Haiku (initially OpenBeOS) is an open source operating system in development aimed at personal desktop computing and inspired by Be Inc.'s BeOS. It is designed to be fast and easy to use. Haiku is written in C++ and uses a kernel based on the NewOS kernel. Haiku is licensed under the MIT License.

Haiku uses the Be File System (BFS). Features of this filesystem include a 64-bit address space, journaling, and extensible attributes. Haiku's version of the BFS is optimized for speed and performance.

Michael Phipps started the Haiku project in 2001 as Palm, Inc. was purchasing Be, Inc.. In 2003, Phipps founded the non-profit Haiku, Inc. in order to support Haiku and its development.


Lucy

The name Lucy [ loo-see ] is a French and English female given name. It is feminine for the male name "Lucius" (which means "as of light"). There are several celebrities with this name. Fictional characters having the name include Lucy McClane from "Die Hard".
Lucy is a beautiful, happy, cheerful name. This name was ranked #47 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Henrietta

Henrietta is a female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ hen-ree-et-"uh" ]. It comes from the male given name "Henry which means "ruler of the household" or "estate ruler."" Henrietta is the English form of the French name "Henriette". The short version of this name is "Harriet". In some English-speaking areas, Henrietta is not used as much as it used to be. "Harriet", however, is popular for certain countries. Both "Henrietta" and "Harriet" were most popular in the 1960s in United States. Henrietta itself ranked 446th in popularity in the 1990 census. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Sebastian Shaw

Sebastian Lewis Shaw (May 29, 1905 – December 23, 1994) was an English actor, director, novelist, playwright and poet. Shaw is known for his role in "", "The Spy in Black", "It Happened Here", "Men Are Not Gods", and in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". 

Shaw was born on May 29, 1905 in Holt, Norfolk, England. He was raised in Holt. Shaw stuided at Slade School and at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts. He was married to Margaret Delamere from 1929 until they divorced in 1956. They had daughter, Drusilla. Shaw died on December 23, 1994 in Brighton, East Sussex, England from natural causes, aged 89.


Ian Richardson

Ian William Richardson (7 April 1934 – 9 February 2007) was a Scottish actor who was well known for his role as Francis Urquhart in "House of Cards". He won a Drama Desk Award in 1976.

Richardson was born on 7 April 1934 in Edinburgh, Scotland. He was raised in Balgreen, Edinburgh. Richardson studied at Balgreen Primary School, at Tynecastle High School, at the George Heriot's School, and at the College of Dramatic Arts. He was married to Maroussia Frank from 1961 until his death in 2007. They had a son, Miles. Richardson died on 9 February 2007 in London, England from a heart attack, aged 72.


Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children

Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children (1779) is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. The sitters in the picture are Lady Elizabeth Delmé and her children John and Isabella Elizabeth. They sat for their portraits in April and June 1777. Reynolds was paid three hundred pounds for the work in 1780, and touched up and re-varnished the picture in 1789.

Reynolds believed in the what was called the "Grand Manner". The two years involved in completing the portrait would have aged the children. "But Reynolds worked from abstract principles of design rather than observation of nature," the National Gallery of Art writes, "One of his conceptions for Grand Manner likenesses was: "Each person should have the expression which men of his rank generally exhibit." Reynolds therefore suppressed psychological individuality to gain a grandeur appropriate for these aristocrats."

Reynolds alluded to the Madonnas of Raphael (such as the "Madonna of the Goldfinch") in the triangular configuration of the sitters. This was another attempt to evoke the Grand Manner. Rembrandt and Titian are hinted at in the browns of the background. 

Cynthia Saltzman writes in "Old Masters, New Worlds" (2009) that "Lady Delmé has a long, elegant face, heavy-lidded eyes, and towering powdered hair. She wears a white dress and a cloak that covers her knees in a cascade of rose-colored satin that speaks both to her beauty and to the luxury at her command." Saltzman writes that "Lady Delmé" is one of the finest representatives of Reynolds's intent to raise portraiture to the level of history painting. English portraiture of the period "flattered the sitter", Saltzman explains, by depicting the sitter as a member of a powerful ruling class whose very existence made the world a better place.


Cookie (movie)

Cookie is a 1989 comedy movie released on August 23, 1989 by Warner Brothers. 



Mrs. Winterbourne

Mrs. Winterbourne is a 1996 romantic comedy and drama starring Shirley MacLaine, Ricki Lake, and Brendan Fraser. It is kindly based on Cornell Woolrich's book "I Married a Dead Man", which has already been filmed in Hollywood as "No Man of Her Own" (1950) starring Barbara Stanwyck, and in Hindi as "Kati Patang" (1970). The movie was filmed on location in and around Toronto, Ontario including Eaton Hall in King City, Ontario.



St. Edward's Crown

St. Edward's Crown is a part of the British coronation regalia. The crown was commissioned for the Coronation of Charles II on 23 April 1661 from the Crown Jeweller, Robert Viner. After the 1689 coronation of William III, its importance diminished. It was often carried in procession and set on the altar rather than placed on the Monarch's head. The Imperial State Crown was used instead for the actual crowning. It was not until George V's coronation in 1911 that the crown resumed its traditional place.

The present St Edward's Crown contains much of the crown made in 1661 for the coronation of King Charles II. The crown is made of gold. It weighs 71oz 14dwt. It was set with hired stones for the coronations and then reset with imitations for display purposes. In 1911 it was fitted with 444 semi-precious stones. The crown frame dates to 1661 but it is possible that it (or parts of it) were constructed from a pre-Restoration crown. Materials used include gold, silver, platinum, enamel, tourmalines, topazes, rubies, amethysts, sapphires, garnet, peridot, zircons, spinel, aquamarines, velvet, and ermine.

At a coronation, the Archbishop of Canterbury takes the crown from the altar and places it reverently upon the Monarch's head. "God save the King/Queen" is heard. The princes and princesses, the peers and peeresses put on their coronets and caps. The trumpets sound and a royal salute is fired at the Tower of London. After the crowning, the Monarch is enthroned and receives the homage of the clergy, princes, and peers.


Cry-Baby

Cry-Baby is a 1990 American romantic teen musical movie written and directed by John Waters. It stars Johnny Depp as 1950s teen rebel "Cry-Baby" Wade Walker, and also features a large ensemble cast that includes Amy Locane, Iggy Pop, Traci Lords, Ricki Lake, Kim McGuire, David Nelson, Susan Tyrrell, and Patty Hearst. The film did not achieve high audience numbers in its initial release, but has subsequently become a cult classic and spawned a Broadway musical of the same name which was nominated for four Tony Awards.

The movie is a parody of teen musicals (particularly "Grease") and centers on a group of delinquents that refer to themselves as "drapes" and their interaction with the rest of the town and its other subculture, the "squares", in 1954 Baltimore, Maryland. "Cry-Baby" Walker, a drape, and Allison, a square, create upheaval and turmoil in their little town of Baltimore by breaking the subculture taboos and falling in love. The film shows what the young couple have to overcome to be together and how their actions affect the rest of the town.

Part of the movie takes place at the now-closed Enchanted Forest amusement park in Ellicott City, Maryland. Others take place in the historic towns of Reisterstown, Jessup, Milford Mill and Sykesville, Maryland.

In 1954 Baltimore, Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker is the leader of a gang of "Drapes", which includes his teenage mom sister Pepper, facially disfigured Mona "Hatchet Face" Malnorowski, wild and free-spirited Wanda Woodward, and Milton Hackett, the nervous son of overzealous religious activists. His ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild. One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a "square", and the two fall in love. That same day, Cry-Baby approaches the "square" part of town to a talent show (""Sh-Boom"", ""A Teenage Prayer"") at the recreation center where Allison's grandmother hosts events, and introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives. Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local hangout spot for the drapes.

Despite her grandmother's skepticism, Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the drapes (""King Cry-Baby""). As Cry-Baby and Allison tell each other about their orphan lives (Cry-Baby's father was sent to the electric chair after being the "Alphabet Bomber" - a killer who bombed places in alphabetical order airport, barber shop etc.; Allison's parents always took separate flights to avoid orphaning her if they crashed, but one day both their planes went down), Allison's jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, starts a riot. Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even Allison's grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby's posture, manners, and musical talent.

As Lenora Frigid, a girl with a crush on Cry-Baby but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into a decision. Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo. He tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree (Robert Tyree): "I've been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away. This one's for Allison, and I want it to last forever!".

Eventually, Allison is persuaded by the newly established alliance between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and join the campaign for his release (""Please, Mr. Jailer""). Cry-Baby is released but immediately insulted by Baldwin who, after revealing that his grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby's father, challenges him to a chicken race. Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison.

The movie ends with all watching the chicken race crying a single tear, all except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes.



Methuselah

Methuselah was the son of Enoch and the father of Lamech in Genesis chapter 5. He is stated as having lived to the age of 969 (verse 27) and so his name in English is proverbial for great age.

Baby Cakes (movie)

Baby Cakes is a 1989 television movie starring Ricki Lake and Craig Sheffer. It was released on Valentine's Day in 1989 and is currently aired sporadically on Lifetime and Lifetime Movie Network.


Kashmir conflict

The Jammu and Kashmir conflict (, ) is a dispute over the territory of Kashmir. The dispute is between India, Pakistan and China. India claims all of the region that was once a princely state which it considers it's territory. It currently controls about 43% of the territory, including most of Jammu, the Kashmir Valley, Ladakh, and the Siachen Glacier. India's claims are disputed by Pakistan, which controls about 45% of Jammu and Kashmir, including Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan. Pakistan says there should be a referendum in Kashmir on whether the people want to join India or Pakistan, or become independent.

The conflict started during the Partition of India (1947–48). On October 20, 1947, tribesmen backed by Pakistan invaded Kashmir. The Maharaja of Jammu & Kashmir initially fought back but on 27 October appealed for assistance to the Governor-General Louis Mountbatten, who agreed on the condition that the ruler accede to India and that a plebiscite would be held afterwards, which was not. Once the papers of accession to India were signed, Indian soldiers entered Kashmir with orders to stop any further occupation, but they were not allowed to remove anyone from the state. India took the matter to the United Nations. The UN resolution asked Pakistan to vacate the areas it has occupied and asked India to assist the U.N. Plebiscite Commission to organize a plebiscite to determine the will of the people. Pakistan refused to vacate the occupied areas.

In 1947-8 India and Pakistan fought their first war over Jammu and Kashmir. Under United Nations' supervision, they agreed to a ceasefire along a line which left one-third of the state - comprising what Pakistan calls Azad Jammu and Kashmir, and the Northern Areas administered by Pakistan and two-thirds, Jammu, Ladakh and the Kashmir Valley, controlled by India. In 1972, under the terms of the Simla agreement, the ceasefire line was renamed the Line of Control. 

Although India claims that the entire state is part of India, it has been prepared to accept the Line of Control as the international border, with some possible modifications. Both the US and the UK have also favoured turning the Line of Control into an internationally-recognised frontier. 

But Pakistan has consistently refused to accept the Line of Control as the border since the predominantly Muslim Kashmir Valley would remain as part of India. Formalising the status quo also does not take account of the aspirations of those Kashmiris who have been fighting since 1989 for independence for the whole or part of the state.

Another reason behind the dispute over Kashmir is water. Many rivers start in Kashmir. Some of them are tributaries of the Indus River basin, such as the Jhelum and Chenab River. These flow into Pakistan and are used for irrigation there. Other rivers like the Ravi, Beas River and the Sutlej flow into northern India.

One of the origins of the conflict is that with the Boundary Award of 1947, many of the Pakistani irrigation systems can be controlled from India. Pakistan has been afraid that India could stop the flow of rivers that start in Indian-controlled Kashmir and flow into Pakistan. This would harm the agrarian economy of Pakistan. The Indus Waters Treaty signed in 1960 resolved most of these disputes over the sharing of water.

Today Kashmir is split, as follows:

Kashmir has been a source of conflict between India and Pakistan for more than 60 years. Currently a boundary - the Line of Control - divides the region in two, with one part occupied by India and one militarily administrated by Pakistan. India would like to formalise this status quo and make it the accepted international boundary. But Pakistan and Kashmiri activists reject this plan because they both want greater control over the region.

As with other disputed territories, each government issues maps depicting their claims in Kashmir as part of their territory, regardless of actual control. It is illegal in India to exclude all or part of Kashmir in a map. It is also illegal in Pakistan not to include the state of Jammu and Kashmir. Non-participants often use the Line of Control and the Line of Actual Control as the depicted boundaries, as is done in the CIA World Factbook, and the region is often marked out in hashmarks, although the Indian government strictly opposes such practices. When Microsoft released a map in Windows 95 and MapPoint 2002, a controversy was raised because it did not show parts of Kashmir as part of India as per Indian claim. However, all the neutral companies claim to follow the UN's map and over 90% of all maps containing the territory of Kashmir show it as disputed territory.

The Mikado

The Mikado, or The Town of Titipu is a two-act operetta. The book and lyrics were written by W. S. Gilbert. The music was written by Arthur Sullivan. The operetta premiered 14 March 1885 at the Savoy Theatre, London, with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company. 

"The Mikado" is the ninth of the fourteen Gilbert and Sullivan operettas. It had 672 performances in its original run. This was the longest original run of any Gilbert and Sullivan operetta.

At the time of the operetta's creation, London was overwhelmed with all things Japanese: tea shops, kimonos, fans, etc. Gilbert reported that he got the idea for "The Mikado" when a Japanese sword fell from the wall of his study.


Nanki Poo is the son of the Mikado. He has disguised himself as a wandering minstrel to be near the village girl he loves Yum Yum. Their love is complicated by an old woman named Katisha who believes she will marry Nanki Poo. In the end, Nanki Poo and Yum Yum are united. Katisha settles for Koko, the town's executioner.




Roxanne

Roxanne [ rok-san ] is a female given name. The name is based on the Greek name "Roxane". "Roxane" comes from the Persian word "Roschana", which means "dawn of day". The name was ranked 389 in the 1990 U.S. Census. It fell out of the top 1000 girls names in the 21st century. The name has been popular in Australia and Canada, however. This name was used for a damaging hurricane in 1995. It was also the title of a single from music group The Police in the 1980s.


The Ballet of the Nuns

The Ballet of the Nuns is the first "ballet blanc" and the first romantic ballet. It is an episode in Act III of Giacomo Meyerbeer's grand opera, "Robert le Diable". It premiered in November 1831 at the Paris Opéra. The choreography (now lost) was created by either Filippo Taglioni or Jean Coralli. 

The short ballet tells of deceased nuns rising from their tombs in a ruined cloister to seduce the knight, Robert le Diable. At the end of the ballet, the white-clad nuns return to their tombs. The ballet was created because officials at the Paris Opéra wanted to demonstrate the building's newly installed gas lighting. The lighting was capable of creating ghastly effects. 

"The Ballet of the Nuns" starred Marie Taglioni as the Abbess Helena. Although opening night was marred with a few mishaps, Taglioni made her indelible mark on the ballet world in the role. She became known for her ethereal qualities and her moral purity, and is one of the most celebrated ballerinas in history.

The ballet opens with Bertram, Robert le Diable's father, entering the ruined cloister of Sainte-Rosalie. He summons the ghosts of nuns who have violated their vows. They rise from their graves. He orders them to seduce his son Robert into accepting a deadly talisman. The Abbess Helena orders the ghosts to waltz. In spite of their sacred vows, the nuns waltz. The dead nuns give themselves over to unholy thrills.

Robert enters. The nuns hide, but return to prevent his escape. Robert stands terrified before a saint's tomb. The Abbess lures him towards the talisman in the saint's hand. Robert seizes it. The nuns continue their dance,fluttering like white moths. Their graves open and they sink into the earth. Stone slabs slide into place, covering the dead. A choir of demons is heard.
Ballet of the 18th century was based on rational thought and classical art. The French Revolution however ushered in a period that brought romantic ballet to the stage. Trapdoors, gas lighting, and other elements that became associated with the romantic ballet had been used in the popular theaters on the Paris boulevards for some time. Such elements would gain official sanction and prestige at the Paris Opéra in the middle decades of the 19th century.

A ballet on a "Robert le Diable" theme was danced in Paris before Her Highness Mlle de Longueville in 1652. "The Ballet of the Nuns" however was something entirely new in concept to audiences on the ballet's opening night. Henri Duponchel, managing director of the Paris Opéra, was in charge of visual effects at the Opéra. He wanted to demonstrate the venue's recently installed gas lighting. Its reflectors produced a stronger, more keenly directed light than ever before. Working with him was Pierre Ciceri, chief scenery designer. Ciceri was inspired by either the Saint-Trophime cloister in Arles or the cloister of Monfort-l'Amaury for the ballet's moonlit setting.

The theme of the ballet is passion and death, and love beyond the grave. The scene is night rather than day, and Gothic Europe rather than the classical world of Greece and Rome. After almost 100 years of rational thought, audiences were clamoring for the mysterious, the supernatural, the vague, and the doomed. The story of the ballet is about a knight who slips into a cloister at midnight to steal a talisman from a dead saint's hand that will allow him to win a princess.

Hans Christian Andersen included the scene in one of his novels. Andersen writes of the scene, "By the hundred they rise from the graveyard and drift into the cloister. They seem not to touch the earth. Like vaporous images, they glide past one another ... Suddenly their shrouds fall to the ground. They stand in all their voluptuous nakedness, and there begins a bacchanal." The nuns were not completely naked, but Andersen did capture the essence of the scene.

Opening night was spoiled by a falling gaslight and a trapdoor that would not close properly. A piece of scenery fell, narrowly missing Taglioni. The curtain was brought down. The ballerina assured everyone she was unharmed. The curtain rose and the performance continued. It ended in a triumph for Meyerbeer, the Taglionis, and Dr. Louis Véron, the Opéra's new manager. 

Dr. Véron had recently been awarded the Paris Opéra as a private enterprise. He had great faith in Taglioni. He raised her salary to an unprecedented 30,000 francs a year. Her father was named ballet master with a three year contract. Véron's boldness was rewarded when Taglioni fulfilled her promise and became a great star.

The audience took prurient delight in the scandalous "Nuns". A reviewer for the "Revue des Deux-Mondes" wrote:A crowd of mute shades glides though the arches. All these women cast off their nuns' costume, they shake off the cold powder of the grave; suddenly they throw themselves into the delights of their past life; they dance like bacchantes, they play like lords, they drink like sappers. What a pleasure to see these light women.

"Nuns" was the first "ballet blanc" and the first romantic ballet. The opera was performed 756 times between 1831 and 1893 at the Paris Opéra. French Impressionist Edgar Degas painted the ballet scene several times between 1871 and 1876. 

Under her contract, Taglioni was to appear in "Nuns" about a dozen times. She left after six. It is possible that the erotic implications of the nuns' ballet did not set well with her. She may have been reluctant to appear in a ballet within an opera. A foot injury and the accidents that marred the first performance may have given the ballerina pause for thought. Bad press directed at her father may have caused Taglioni to withdraw. Taglioni was replaced by Louise Fitzjames, who danced the role 232 times. 

The Danish choreographer August Bournonville saw Fitzjames's performance as the Abbess in Paris in 1841. He based his own choreography, which was used in Copenhagen between 1833 and 1863, on this. His choreography has been fully preserved. It represents the only record of the original.

Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's future wife Fanny Appleton wrote, "The diabolical music and the dead rising from their tombs and the terrible darkness and the strange dance unite to form a stage effect almost unrivaled. The famous witches' (nuns) dance in the freezing moonlight in the ruined abbey, was as impressive as expected ... They drop in like flakes of snow and are certainly very charming witches with their jaunty Parisian figures and most refined pirouettes." 

Critic and dance historian Andre Levinson writes, "The academic dance had been an agreeable exercise to watch. Now, [ballet] clarified matters of the soul. Ballet was a divertissement (an entertainment, a distraction). It became a mystery." Kisselgoff writes, "... the preoccupation with the supernatural that characterized so much of 19th-century ballet could be traced to the success of the "Ballet of the Nuns" in Meyerbeer's first production at the Paris Opéra".

Dietrich Bonhoeffer

Dietrich Bonhoeffer (4 February 1906 in Breslau – 9 April 1945 in Flossenbürg concentration camp) was an important Lutheran pastor from Germany who was killed by the Nazis during World War II. He is known partly for his belief that killing Adolf Hitler was a moral act. In his early life he believed that all Jews should turn into Christians, but supported them anyway. He disagreed with the general anti-semitism and so created a theological college. He wrote a book called "The Cost of Discipleship" about following Christianity. 

Two days after Hitler became Chancellor, Bonhoeffer made a radio speech against him. Later, with Martin Niemöller and others, he started the anti-Nazi Confessing Church. Eventually he became part of the attempt by Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg to assassinate Hitler, but was arrested and executed, three weeks before Hitler killed himself. He was hanged days before the liberation of the POW camp where he was imprisoned.

Mia Sara

Mia Sara (born 19 June 1967, Brooklyn, New York) is an American actress. She appears mostly in movies. She was in "Timecop" (1994) and "Legend" (1985). She received a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.

She was born Mia Sarapochiello in Brooklyn Heights, New York, of Italian-American descent. She is the daughter of Diana, a stylist and photographer, and Jerome Sarapochiello, a photographer and artist.

Tiffany (given name)

Tiffany [ tif-"uh"-nee ] is a female given name. The moniker Tiffany gained widespread popularity during the 1960s and 1970s, largely due to the renowned jewelry brand Tiffany & Co. Additionally, the character of Tiffany Case in the James Bond novel and film "Diamonds Are Forever" further contributed to the name's popularity. There are several different ways to spell it. The name is English for the Greek name "Theophania". "Tiffany" was formerly given to children who were born near Epiphany. There are several celebrities under the name, including singer Tiffany Darwish. This name was ranked #864 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Geraldine

Geraldine is a female given name.The pronunciation of the name is [ jer-"uh"l-deen ]. It is a female version of the name "Gerald". The name means "ruler of spear" .This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). There are many famous people having the name, such as Geraldine Ferraro, Geri Halliwell and Geraldine James.


Imperial State Crown

The Imperial State Crown is one of the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom and symbolises the sovereignty of the monarch. The crown has existed in several versions since the 15th century. 

The modern version of the Imperial State Crown is of a design somewhat similar to that of St Edward's Crown, but shorter and encrusted with jewels: it includes a base of four crosses alternating with four fleurs-de-lis, above which are four half-arches surmounted by a cross. Inside is a purple velvet cap with an ermine border. The Imperial State Crown includes many precious gems, including 2,868 diamonds, 273 pearls, 17 sapphires, 11 emeralds, and 5 rubies.

The crown includes several famous jewels. The cross at the top is set with a stone known as St. Edward's Sapphire, a sapphire taken from the ring (or possibly coronet) of Edward the Confessor. The Black Prince's Ruby (actually a spinel) is set on the front cross pattée; the famous Cullinan II, or Lesser Star of Africa, is set on the front; and the back band contains the Stuart Sapphire. The crown also contains Queen Elizabeth’s Pearls.

When not in use, it is kept with the other Crown Jewels on display at the Jewel House in the Tower of London.

James (son of Alphaeus)

James (Son of Alphaeus) was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus. 

He has traditionally been identified with James the Just, bishop of Jerusalem.

Matthew/Levi is also called son of Alphaeus in the Gospel of Mark 2:14 so tradition has them as brothers but the New Testament does not state this, unlike the sons of Zebedee, Saint James and John.

Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom

The collective term Crown Jewels denotes the regalia and vestments worn by the sovereign of the United Kingdom during the coronation ceremony and at other state functions. The term refers to the following objects: the crowns, sceptres (with either the cross or the dove), orbs, swords, rings, spurs, the royal robe or pall, and several other objects connected with the ceremony.

Many of these descend directly from the pre-Reformation period and have a religious and sacral connotation.

After the death of James I, Charles I came to the throne. His many conflicts with parliament, stemmed from his belief in the divine right of kings. The many religious conflicts in his reign triggered the English Civil War. After six years of war, Charles was defeated and executed by the parliamentarians. Oliver Cromwell became the Lord Protector of England and, less than a week after the king's execution, the monarchy was abolished. The newly created English Republic found itself in a desperate financial state after the war. To raise funds the 'Act for the sale of the personal estate of the King,Queen and Prince' was put forward. Trustees were appointed to value the jewels and sell them to the highest bidder. The most valuable of these objects was the Tudor State Crown, valued at £1,100 (£1,740,000 as of 2011); it was set with 28 diamonds, 19 sapphires, 37 rubies and 168 pearls.

The present collection of Crown Jewels contains various crowns, some of which are used by every Sovereign, others being made personally for Sovereigns or for the Queen's Consort. Typically the crown of a King has a slightly pointed arched top, while that of a Queen has a slightly bowed top.



The Koh-i-Noor diamond was given to the East India Company by the former rulers of Punjab in 1849. It became part of the British Crown Jewels when Queen Victoria was proclaimed Empress of India in 1877. It also contains the Lahore Diamond (22.48 carats) from the Treasury of Lahore given to Queen Victoria by the East India Company in 1851. and a 17-carat (3.4 g) diamond given to Queen Victoria by the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire in 1856. The crown is now on display along with the other British Crown Jewels in the Tower of London.

Bird feet

Bird feet are adapted to the life they lead, and the patterns are often use in avian classification. They are derived from the basic limb of ancestral tetrapods, the pentadactyl limb. Humans (and other primates) have the original five fingers and five toes. Most birds have four toes, inherited together with over a hundred anatomical features from their theropod dinosaur ancestors. These four toes are arranged into four main patterns.


The bird knee joint between the femur and tibia (or rather "tibiotarsus") points forwards, but is hidden in the feathers. The backward-pointing "heel" (ankle) that is easily visible is a joint between the tibiotarsus and the tarsometatarsus.

The tarsometatarsus is the third segment of the leg. Only birds have this. It evolved from bones of the ankle in their ancestors. The tarsometatarsus is the extended foot area, which gives the leg extra lever length.

The scales of birds are made of the same keratin as beaks, claws, and spurs. They are found on the toes and sometimes further up on the ankle. The scales and scutes of birds are thought to be homologous with those of non-avian reptiles, and feathers have developed from the scales of Archosaurs.

Nancy (given name)

The name Nancy [ nan-see; "French" nahn-see ] is a female given name. It comes off "Hannah", meaning "grace". The name was originally a nickname for girls. However, from the 18th century onward, Nancy became a proper name. This name was ranked #945 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Narayanganj District

Narayanganj (, "") is a district in central Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division. The main city of the district is Narayanganj.

Addition reaction

In organic chemistry an addition reaction happens when two molecules come together to make a bigger one. This can only happen when one of the molecules already has a double or triple bond. These can be carbon-carbon bonds or even carbon-oxygen, carbon-nitrogen and others. One of the two molecules is called the nucleophile, and this is the one that gives the electrons to the other to make the new bond. The other molecule is called the electrophile, and this is the one that gets the electrons.

An addition reaction is the opposite of an elimination reaction. Common examples of addition reactions are the addition of water across a double bond and the nucleophilic attack on a carbonyl.

Ho Jong-suk

Ho Jong-suk (; July 16, 1908 – June 5, 1991) was a Korean politician, journalist and independence activist. One of her main topics of interest was feminism. Her courtesy name was Jongja(정자, 貞子) and her pen name was Sukayi(수가이, 秀嘉伊).



Electrophile

In chemistry, an electrophile is a molecule or an atom that is happy to take electrons from another one. Many electrophiles have a positive charge. They are also called Lewis acids. Some examples of electrophiles are molecules where the atoms have a big difference in electronegativity, like HCl or a carbonyl, or also oxidizing agents.

Electrophiles get attacked by a nucleophile, which is the opposite kind of molecule. This happens for example in addition reactions. 

CH + Br → BrCHCHBr

Feni District

Feni () is a small district in southeastern Bangladesh. It is part of the Chittagong Division.

Feni was free from Pakistan on 6 December 1971 and was established as a district on February 15,
1984. It has six upazillas, 45 union parishads,
and approximately 570 villages. The upazillas are:
1. Feni Sadar
2. Sonagazi
3. Fhulgazi
4. Chagalnaiya
5. Daganbhuiyan
6. Parshuram.

Noakhali District

Noakhali () is a district in south-eastern Bangladesh. It is in the Chittagong Division.

Lakshmipur District

Lakshmipur or Laxmipur District (, "Lakshmipur Jela" also "Lakshmipur Zila") with an area of 1455.96 km², is a district of Bangladesh. It is bordered by Chandpur District to the north, Bhola and Noakhali districts to the south, Noakhali District to the east, and Barisal and Bhola districts to the west.

The upazilas under this district are:
The district of Lakshmipur consists 3539 mosques, 45 temples, 1 churches.



Satkhira District

Shatkhira () is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is part of Khulna Division.

Bagerhat District

Bagerhat () is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Augustinians

The Augustinians were Roman Catholic monastic order. Martin Luther became an Augustinian monk at St. Augustine's Monastery in the German city of Erfurt in 1505. He later started the Reformation.

The name comes from Augustine of Hippo.

Erin

The name Erin [ er-in ] is an Irish and English female name. It comes from the ancient name for Ireland. Erin is a name that has been utilized for both male and female individuals, although it is more frequently assigned to females. The name has its origins in Ireland and is derived from the Gaelic term "Éirinn," which means "Ireland." Erin has been in use for centuries and has a profound historical and cultural significance. The name first became popular around the United States. Erin is one of the twenty most-often used female names in Wales. There are many famous people with this name. It is being used on Atlantic tropical cyclones.


Berthe Morisot

Berthe Marie Pauline Morisot (; January 14, 1841 – March 2, 1895) was an Impressionist painter. She was born in Bourges, France, and died in Paris.

In the 1860s, she studied with Camille Corot. She exhibited at the 1865 Salon. Morisot met artist Édouard Manet in 1868. Manet painted her portrait several times. The two had great influence on one another's work. In 1874, she married his brother, Eugène.

She exhibited at the first Impressionist exhibition in 1874. Morisot worked in oils, pastels, and watercolor. Her pictures are light and delicate. They typically depict women and children in everyday domestic life.

Many critics ridiculed the Impressionists. Morisot was not spared. She was never commercially successful during her lifetime. During her lifetime however, she outsold prominent Impressionists Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, and Alfred Sisley.

Henri Rousseau

Henri Julien Félix Rousseau (; 21 May 1844 – 2 September 1910) was a post-Impressionist painter. He was born at Laval, Mayenne. He worked a variety of jobs (saxophonist, toll collector) before beginning to paint at age 40. He was known as "Le Douanier" ("the customs officer").

From 1886 onwards, he exhibited at the "Salon des Indépendents". In 1905, he began exhibiting at the "Salon d'Automne".

François Mathey wrote: "Rousseau is considered to be the greatest master of naïve painting, for his art combines a spontaneous vision of reality with an imaginary universe of great plastic and poetical power, in which he allied audacity with innocence, monumental composition with minute detail".

Some critics ridiculed him for his style, but he came to be recognized as a self-taught genius. Rousseau's work had a great influence on many avant-garde artists.

He had an unhappy love affair in his last months. He died in Paris in 1910.

He painted a few pictures of the Rainforests, and his pictures were very busy.some of His paintings are very famous around the world.

Leslie Bibb

Leslie Bibb (born November 17, 1974 in Bismarck, North Dakota) is an American actress. She works primarily in movies, although sometimes in television programs. Her movies include "Skulls" and "Iron Man". Some sources say she was born in 1973. Others say 1974 or 1975.

Inferno (operating system)

Inferno is a distributed operating system made by Bells Labs and Vita Nuova Holdings based on ideas and technology from Plan 9 from Bell Labs. The three main principles behind Inferno's design are:
As a distributed operating system (i.e. an operating system working across and connecting multiple machines and devices together), Inferno is also designed to be able to operated on a variety of computer architectures. It can also be operated on top of other operating systems, such as Unix, Microsoft Windows, or Google's Android operating system. In order to make Inferno applications as portable to other computer architectures as the Inferno operating system, Inferno applications are written in a programing language called Limbo and run inside Inferno's Dis virtual machine.


Cynthia

Cynthia is a female given name that comes from Greek word "kynthia". It is pronounced [ sin-thee-"uh" ]. There are several different versions for this name. One short version is "Cindy". Cynthia is a Greek-origin name which translates to "from Mount Kynthos". It is derived from the Greek goddess of the moon, also referred to as Cynthia, and has become synonymous with the moon and the night sky. The name frequently indicates beauty, grace, and elegance.This name was ranked #806 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

There are many well known people under the name, including Cynthia McKinney and Cynthia Nixon. The short version, "Cindy", is being used for Atlantic Basin tropical cyclones.



Amber (name)

The name Amber" [am-ber] [/ˈæm bər/]is a female given name. It comes from the word amber. This comes from the Arabic word "anbar which means 'ambergris. The name is a very popular name for English-speaking areas. It was the 165th most popular for the United States in 2008. The name ranked among the top 25 most popular girl's names between 1980 and 1997. It ranked among the top 100 most used female names in Canada, Western Europe and Australia. There are some celebrities with the name, including Amber Heard.



Jacqueline

Jacqueline [ jak-"uh"-lin, -leen, jak-w"uh"-; "French" zhak"uh"-leen ] is a female given name. It has many variants. One variant is "Jackie". Jacqueline is a name that has its roots in a story from the Bible about two brothers, Jacob and Esau. In the tale, Jacob takes Esau's birthright and blessing, which means he takes over his brother's position and becomes a "supplanter" or "someone who replaces another." The name Jacqueline is commonly associated with qualities which include strength, determination, and perseverance. This is the feminine version for male name "Jacques". "Jacques" is a French version of "Jacob". Jacqueline was first used in the United Kingdom during the 17th century. The name is very popular in France, the United States, Australia, Canada and western Europe. Many famous people have Jacqueline and its related variants for their name.


Sasha Vujačić

Sasha Vujačić (born March 8, 1984) is a Slovenian basketball player. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers for most of his career.

Maryborough, Queensland

Maryborough is a city in south east Queensland, Australia. It is built on the banks of the Mary River. It is on the Bruce Highway about north of Brisbane. In 2006 there were 25,705 people living in the city and the nearby area.

Maryborough was first settled in 1847 which makes it one the oldest towns in Queensland. The city was named after the Mary River. The river was named after Lady Mary FitzRoy, wife of the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Charles Augustus FitzRoy.

Gympie

Gympie is a town in Queensland, Australia. The city is built on the banks of the Mary River. It is about north of Brisbane. In 2011 there were 18,602 people living in Gympie. Gympie is named after the Aboriginal words "Gympie Gympie" or "Gimpi Gimpi", meaning the stinging tree. The town was first called Nashville, after James Nash who found gold there in 1867. In 1868 it became Gympie.

Marilyn vos Savant

Marilyn vos Savant (born August 11, 1946 in St. Louis) is an American magazine columnist, playwright and author. She became very famous in the "Guinness Book of World Records" category for having the most highest IQ of 228. Since 1986, she has hosted "Parade" magazine's "Ask Marilyn" column. In the column she answers the questions from readers on a variety of subjects.

Guinness retired the "Highest IQ" category in 1990 after concluding IQ tests were too unreliable to designate a single record holder.

Murgon

Murgon is a town in Queensland, Australia. It is about northwest of Brisbane. It is a farming area with beef cattle, dairy farms and vineyards. The town is named after an Aboriginal word for "water lily". In 2011 there were 2,496 people living in Murgon.

Movement for Rights and Freedoms

The Movement for Rights and Freedoms (MRF) (; ), is a political party in Bulgaria. Their ideologies are centrism and liberalism. The MRF is a member of the Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe. The MRF represents Turks in Bulgaria.

The MRF was founded on 4 January 1990. The founder chairman of the MRF was Ahmed Dogan. After him, his deputy Lyutvi Mestan is elected as the 2nd chairman of the MRF.



Warren Truss

Warren Truss (born 8 October 1948, Kingaroy, Queensland) is an Australian politician. He was elected as the member for Wide Bay in the Australian Parliament in 1990. He became the leader of the National Party in 2007. In the Howard government, Truss was Minister for Customs and Consumer Affairs and Minister for Community Services. In July 1999 Truss became of Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry. In 2005 he became Minister for Transport and Regional Services. In September 2006 he became Minister for Trade.

Stan Musial

Stanley Frank "Stan" Musial (born Stanisław Franciszek Musiał; November 21, 1920 – January 19, 2013) or Stan the Man was an American professional baseball player who played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the St. Louis Cardinals (1941–1963). He is the National League's all-time leader in doubles, among many other records for doubles.

President Barack Obama presented Musial with Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honor that can be given to a civilian, at the White House on February 15, 2011. Musial was a first-ballot inductee to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1969. He began to play baseball in 1941 until his retirement in 1963.

Musial was born on November 21, 1920 in Donora, Pennsylvania. He had Czech and Polish parents. He studied at the University of Pittsburgh.

Musial was married to the former Lillian Labash from 1940 until her death in May 2012. They had four children. Musial died on January 19, 2013 in the St. Louis suburb of Ladue, Missouri from natural causes, aged 92. He died on the same day as Earl Weaver.


Earl Weaver

Earl Sidney Weaver (August 14, 1930 – January 19, 2013) was an American professional baseball player and manager. After playing in minor league baseball, he retired without playing in Major League Baseball (MLB). He became a minor league manager, and then managed in MLB for 17 years with the Baltimore Orioles (1968–1982; 1985–1986). He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1996.

Weaver was born on August 14, 1930 in St. Louis, Missouri. He was raised in Baltimore, Maryland. Weaver was married to Jane Johnston for fourteen years unti they divorced. Then he was married to Marianna Osgood from 1964 until his death in 2013. He had four children. Weaver died on January 19, 2013 while on a cruise ship in the Caribbean Sea from a heart attack, aged 82. He died on the same day as Stan Musial.


Screaming Trees

Screaming Trees were an American grunge band from Ellensburg, Washington.

The band was formed in 1985 by brothers Gary Lee Conner and Van Conner. The band formed because the members had an interest in the punk, garage, and classic rock genres in high school.

They released their debut album, "Clairvoyance", on February 13, 1986. The band gained fame from the early 1990s grunge movement along with bands like Alice in Chains, Nirvana, Stone Temple Pilots, Soundgarden and Pearl Jam. The band broke up in 2000.



EPs

Zizan Razak

Mohammad Razizan Abdul Razak (born 15 April 1984), better known as Zizan Razak, is a Malaysian comedian. He is also a television host, actor, and most recently a rapper and a singer. He has also been in several reality television shows. He was runner-up (second place) in the first season of Raja Lawak (King of Comedy), a competition for comedians. In it he was known as "Zizan Raja Lawak". He was also a participant in Maharaja Lawak (Emperor of Comedy), which was a second series of competitions for the finalists of each season of "Raja Lawak". In the show, he was paired (as a team) with Johan Raja Lawak. They were known as "Jozan". They came second in the series, and won RM 250 thousand. Zizan was also in the reality show Super Spontan, which he won and took the prize of RM 100,000 and a Toyota Camry.

Zizan was born in Dungun, Terengganu. He is the younger of two siblings.

In 2011, Zizan was rumoured to be dating with Juliana Evans after starring together in the movie Hantu Bonceng. They later acted together in Mael Lambong.




Zizan was asked to say sorry for something he said in the comedy Hantu Bonceng in September 2011. It was said to insult Islam. Dewan Pemuda PAS Malaysia condemned what they saw as a clear insult to Allah. They referred to Zizan saying "Ashaduanna Muhammadar...syaitan", which means "I bear witness that Muhammad is ... the devil". Ustaz Azhar Idrus, an Islamic leader in Terengganu, also asked Zizan to repent to Allah.


Last Exit to Brooklyn (movie)

Last Exit to Brooklyn is a 1989 English-language British-German drama movie, directed by Uli Edel, and based on the novel by Hubert Selby Jr.

In the 1950s in Brooklyn, a group of prostitutes, unionist activists and drag queens lead difficult lives, an existence of drugs, crime and violence in a working class Brooklyn neighborhood.


Cabin Boy

Cabin Boy is a 1994 fantasy comedy movie directed by Adam Resnick and co-produced by Tim Burton, which starred comedian Chris Elliott. Elliott co-wrote the movie with Resnick. Both men worked for "Late Night with David Letterman" in the 1980s, as well as co-creating the short-lived FOX sitcom "Get a Life" in the early 1990s.

The project was originally to be directed by Tim Burton, who had contacted Chris Elliott after seeing "Get a Life". Resnick took over after Burton was offered the movie "Ed Wood".



Skinner (movie)

Skinner is a 1993 independent movie, splatter and slasher motion picture starring Ted Raimi, Traci Lords, Ricki Lake and Richard Schiff.

Dennis Skinner is a likeable decent-looking lad, who is driven by a disturbing childhood; moonlights as a skid row slasher style, serial killer who tends to prey on hookers, in-between those co-workers of his who despise him as he does in return. Who "punishes" those (he finds offensive) in particular, by flaying his victims alive. On his trail is Heidi, a junkie prostitute, who survived one of his brutal attacks and now strives for revenge.


Martha

Martha [ mahr-th"uh" ] is a female given name. Martha is an ancient name with a fascinating background and significance. Its origins can be traced back to the Aramaic language, where it is derived from the word "marta," which means "lady" or "mistress." In the Bible, Martha is recognized as the sister of Lazarus and Mary, and she is celebrated for her hospitality and dedication to serving Jesus. The name has been around through many centuries. Martha of Bethany is a very notable person who has the name. She is described in the Gospel of John and the Gospel of Luke. There are other people with this female name, including Martha Stewart, Martha McSally and Martha Coakley. The name was used for an Atlantic hurricane in 1969. This name was ranked #728 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Charles Roven

Charles Roven (born August 2, 1949) is an American movie producer. He is known for his works with "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight", "The Dark Knight Rises", and with "Man of Steel".

Roven was born on August 2, 1949. He was married to Dawn Steel from 1985 until her death in 1997. They had one daughter, Rebecca Steel Roven. 


Danielle

Danielle is a female given name. It is pronounced [ dan-yel ]. It is feminine of the name "Daniel". "Daniel" is Hebrew for "God is my judge". Danielle is a strongly popular female name for certain countries.This name was ranked #443 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

There are many variants for this name. Famous people by the name include Danielle Steel and Danielle Fishel. This name is currently being used on Atlantic tropical cyclones.


Carol Castro

Carolina Osório de Castro (born March 10, 1984) is a Brazilian actress. 


Wally Pfister

Walter C. "Wally" Pfister (born July 8, 1961) is an Academy Award-winning American cinematographer and movie director who is known for his cinematography in "Batman Begins", "Memento", "Moneyball", "Insomnia", "The Dark Knight", "Inception", and in "The Dark Knight Rises". He began his directing career in the 2014 movie "Transcendence".

Pfister was born on July 8, 1961 in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised both in Chicago and in New York City, New York. Pfister was married to Anna Julien since 1992. They had three children.


Rajbari District

Rajbari (, "Rajbari Jela" or "Rajbari Zila") is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Gopalganj District

Gopalganj () is a district of Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Madaripur District

Madaripur is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Shariatpur District

Shariatpur (, or ) is a district of central Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Kushtia District

Kushtia () is a district in the Khulna Division of west Bangladesh. It is next to the river Gorai.

Chuadanga District

Chuadanga (; "Chuađaņa") is a district in western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Meherpur District

Meherpur () is a small district in south-western Bangladesh. It is part of the Khulna Division.

Jhenaidah District

Jhenidah is a district in southwestern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Magura District

Magura () is a district in south-western part of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Narail District

Narail (, "") is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Chemical kinetics

Chemical kinetics, also called reaction kinetics, is the branch of physical chemistry connected with study of how fast chemical reactions go. This includes studying how different conditions such as temperature, pressure or solvent used, affect the speed of a reaction. Chemical kinetics can also be used to find out about reaction mechanisms and transition states.

The basic idea of chemical kinetics is called collision theory. This states that for a reaction to happen, the molecules must hit each other. Ways of increasing the speed of the reaction must therefore increase the number of hits. This can be done in many ways.

With experiments it is possible to calculate reaction rates from which you can get rate laws and rate constants. A rate law is a mathematical expression with which you can calculate the speed of a reaction given the concentration of the reagents.

the equilibrium is dynamic in nature

There are many types of rate laws, but the most common are:

From this data, it is possible to think about the mechanism of the reaction. If it is second-order, for example, then it is likely that both molecules in the reaction are coming together during the rate-determining step. This is the most difficult step in the mechanism to go through, because it has the highest activation energy.

Rose McGowan

Rósa Arianna McGowan (born September 5, 1973), better known as Rose McGowan, is an American former actress, model, singer, and author. She is best known to television audiences for her role as Paige Matthews in The WB supernatural drama series "Charmed" (2001–2006), and also for her recurring role in ABC's long running fantasy series "Once Upon a Time" as young Cora Mills.

McGowan made her film debut in the comedy "Encino Man" (1992), wherein she played a small role. Her performance as Amy Blue in Gregg Araki's dark comedy "The Doom Generation" (1995) brought her wider attention, and she received an Independent Spirit Award nomination for her performance. McGowan appeared as Tatum Riley in the horror film "Scream" (1996) and starred alongside Ben Affleck in the coming-of-age feature "Going All the Way" (1997). She appeared in several Hollywood films, including "Devil in the Flesh" (1998), "Jawbreaker" (1999), "Ready to Rumble" (2000), "Monkeybone" (2001), and "The Black Dahlia" (2006). McGowan played Ann-Margret, alongside Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Elvis Presley, in the CBS miniseries "Elvis" (2005). She starred in "Planet Terror" (2007) and had a supporting role in "Death Proof" (2007), both part of the double-feature film directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino, "Grindhouse". Next, she starred in the crime thriller film "Fifty Dead Men Walking" (2008).

In 1996, McGowan was the cover model for the Henry Mancini tribute album "Shots in the Dark", and she was the face of the American clothing company Bebe from 1998 to 1999. She has also appeared on numerous magazine covers, including "Seventeen", "Interview", "Maxim", "GQ", "Entertainment Weekly", and "Rolling Stone".

After the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse scandal broke and the #MeToo movement began, McGowan has been a supportive figure speaking out against harassment.

In March 2018, McGowan came out as non-binary. February 2021, McGowan became a permanent resident of Mexico and lives in Tulum, Quintana Roo.

Rose (name)

Rose [ rohz ] is a female given name based on the flower. The name "Rose" has been a popular choice for baby girls for centuries due to its timeless and attractive qualities. The name originates from the Latin term "rosa," which refers to the flower known as the "rose." Throughout history, "Rose" has been associated with the concepts of love, beauty, and purity, making it a meaningful and symbolic option for parents searching for a name for their daughter. This name was ranked #116 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

This feminine name comes from a late Latin word "rosa".

There are many variants. One of them is "Rosemary".

The name Rose is currently under List One of the Atlantic tropical cyclone names.


The 300 Spartans

The 300 Spartans is a 1962 Cinemascope movie depicting the Battle of Thermopylae. It was shot in the village of Perachora in the Peloponnese. It stars Richard Egan as the Spartan king Leonidas I, Ralph Richardson as Themistocles of Athens, and David Farrar as Persian king Xerxes. Diane Baker as Ellas and Barry Coe as Phylon provide the romantic element. 

The movie is about a force of Greek warriors led by 300 Spartans which fights against an enormous Persian army. The Spartans will not flee or surrender, even if it means their deaths. 

When it was released in 1962, critics saw the movie as a commentary on the Cold War. It was impossible to shoot at Thermopylae. The sea had receded about 3 miles farther away from the narrow pass. Some 5,000 members of the Royal Hellenic Army were loaned by the King of Greece to portray both the Spartans and the Persians.

Transition state

In a chemical reaction, the transition state is the point where there is a maximum value of energy. This energy is called the activation energy. When two or more molecules are mixed, they will hit each other. If they hit with enough energy to go through the transition state, they will react and form new molecules. At the transition state, new bonds are formed while the old ones are broken. In a graph or a drawing, the transition state is often marked with the double dagger ‡ symbol.

It is very difficult to study a transition state. This is because it is so high in energy that the molecules will stay in that form for a very short time, usually femtoseconds. It is important not to confuse transition states with intermediates. Intermediates are found at minimum points of energy, and they can live for a very long time. Like a transition state, however, an intermediate is between reagents and products of a reaction.

Studying transition states is very important to understand reaction mechanisms. There are theories and computer programs that can be used to calculate how the transition state looks like. This is a part of chemical kinetics. 

Winged Victory of Samothrace

The Winged Victory of Samothrace (or Nike of Samothrace) is a Parian marble sculpture now in the Louvre, Paris, France. It is believed to have been made about 190 BC. It was discovered in 1863. It commemorates Nike, the Greek victory in a sea battle near Samothrace. It stands 2.44 m high. The work presents a pose where violent motion and sudden stillness meet. It is notable for its graceful balance and for the rendering of the figure's draped garments, depicted as if rippling in a strong sea breeze.

Activation energy

The activation energy of a chemical reaction is the minimum energy that is needed to make the reaction happen. It usually has the symbol E and it is measured in kilojoule per mole. It can be thought of as a barrier between the reagents and the products of a reaction. The activation energy is the difference in energy between the transition state and the starting reagents.

This equation is a way of calculating the activation energy. Its form is:
Here, "k" is the rate constant of the reaction (which can be measured using chemical kinetics), "A" is a frequency factor, "R" is the universal gas constant, "T" is the temperature. If we measure how fast the reaction goes at different temperatures, then we can make a graph and calculate the activation energy using this equation.

When using a catalyst the activation energy is made smaller. This means that the reaction can go faster at the same temperature. The catalyst does not change the energy of the reagents or the products. Also, the catalyst does not change in the reaction. Therefore, it can be used again and again and only a small amount of a catalyst is needed. 

300 (comics)

300 is a graphic novel written and drawn by Frank Miller and colored by Lynn Varley. It tells the story of the Spartans, the Persians, and the Battle of Thermopylae. The individual volumes were collected and reprinted in their entire by Dark Horse in 1999. "Publishers Weekly" wrote: "Form and content are ideally wedded: Miller's writing is stark, his drawings moody and dramatic, and intensified by Varley's grimly appropriate palette of earth and blood. The reader can see and feel the harshness of both the Grecian landscape and Sparta's battle-worshipping culture, as Miller presents the complex historical moment facing the 300." The novel was made into a movie.

Sacred Band of Thebes

The Sacred Band of Thebes was an elite fighting unit within the ancient Theban army of the 4th century BC. The earliest surviving record of the Sacred Band by name was made in 324 BC. The unit was comprised of 150 male lovers. It was believed these men would make better warriors. Plutarch (46–120 AD) is the source of the most substantial surviving account of the Sacred Band. In his "Life of Pelopidas" Plutarch wrote, "Since the lovers, ashamed to be base in sight of their beloved, and the beloved before their lovers, willingly rush into danger for the relief of one another." The band was reportedly organized by the Theban commander Gorgidas in 378 BC. Male couples were originally dispersed throughout the ranks of the army. It was later decided to create a separate squad. The squad played a crucial role in the Battle of Leuctra. It was completely destroyed by Philip II of Macedon in the Battle of Chaeronea in 338 BC.

Jerry Hopkins

Elisha Gerald "Jerry" Hopkins (November 9, 1935 – June 3, 2018) was an American journalist and author. He was best known for writing the first biographies of both Elvis Presley and Jim Morrison of The Doors, as well as serving for 20 years as a writer for "Rolling Stone" magazine. He also wrote several other biographies, wrote history and humor, and was a writer-producer for Mike Wallace, Steve Allen and Mort Sahl. He has published 36 books and an estimated one thousand magazine articles. The books have been translated into 16 languages and total sales exceed 6 million.

Hopkins was born on November 9, 1935 in Camden, New Jersey. He was raised in nearby Haddonfield, a town founded by Quakers. His parents operated a dry cleaning store.

He attended a Quaker school through 6th grade and public schools through 12th. He earned a BA in journalism from Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia (1957). For a short time, he worked as a reporter for the "Twin City Sentinel" in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. He was in the US Army for a short time. After that, he earned an MS in journalism from Columbia University in New York (1959).

After freelancing articles to the then-young "Village Voice" while at Columbia, he worked as a reporter for the "Times-Picayune" and as news editor of WWL Radio in New Orleans (1959-1961). He joined Mike Wallace as a writer-producer in New York for one year (1961-62) then moved to Los Angeles where he was a talent coordinator and writer-producer for Steve Allen (1962-1964). He also wrote and produced television programs for Mort Sahl, ABC-TV and Universal Studios (1964-1966; 1971). He wrote his first books during this period, an as-told-to autobiography of a health faddist, "Bare Feet and Good Things to Eat" (1965), and an astrological spoof, "You Were Born on a Rotten Day" (1969).

In the mid-1960s, he left television to open the first “headshop” in Los Angeles. He then became the Los Angeles correspondent for "Rolling Stone" (1967-1969). He wrote features and columns for alternative newspapers, MC’ed the first love-ins in Los Angeles, edited a collection of material from the underground press, "The Hippie Papers" (1968) and wrote a history of rock and roll, "The Rock Story" (1970).

Leaving "Rolling Stone" temporarily in 1969 to write "Elvis: A Biography" (1971), it was while then serving as the magazine’s London correspondent (1972) he began researching his Morrison biography, "No One Here Gets Out Alive". It was rejected by more than 30 publishers before publication in 1980, when it topped the "New York Times" bestseller chart and was credited by many with helping kick-start the Doors’ revival as well as inspiring a new publishing genre, the rock biography. A sequel to the Elvis biography, "Elvis: The Final Years" (1981) followed, along with biographies of Jimi Hendrix, David Bowie, Yoko Ono, and Raquel Welch, the latter of which was authorized but not published.

He moved to Honolulu, where he edited a monthly newsletter about Hawaiian music and dance and published several books taking Hawaiian culture as their subject, including "The Hula" (1981), a history; "How to Make Your Own Hawaiian Musical Instruments" (1988); "Elvis in Hawaii" (2002); and "Don Ho: My Life, My Music" (2007). He also was an editor at Pacific Business News in Honolulu and a speechwriter for Mayor Frank Fasi.

Moving to Thailand in 1993, he wrote for many travel, food and airline magazines. He worked with photographer Michael Freeman on "Strange Foods: An Epicurean Adventure Around the World" (1999), which was expanded and reissued as "Extreme Cuisine" with a foreword by Anthony Bourdain (2004). A collection of expatriate profiles, "Bangkok Babylon" (2005); a book of stories and essays, "Thailand Confidential" (2005); and "Asian Aphrodisiacs" (2006) followed. His 37th book, profiling Western novelists who helped forge the Asian myth, "Romancing the East", will be published in 2013.

Hopkins has been married four times, to Sara Cordell (1959-1963), Jane Hollingsworth (1968-1976), Rebecca Erickson Crockett (1980-1988) and has two grown children by his second wife, Erin Hendershot (b.1970) and Nick Hopkins (b. 1972), and six grandchildren. He and his wife, Lamyai (m. 2003), a citizen of Thailand, divide their time between a flat in Bangkok and a house and farm six hours away in rice country near the Cambodian border.

Hopkins died on June 3, 2018 in Bangkok of heart failure at the age of 82.



Themistocles

Themistocles (?524 BC-?460 BC) was an Ancient Greek Athenian politician and general. He fought against the Persians at the Battle of Marathon as a young man. He later persuaded Athens to build a navy which he commanded in the engagement against the Persians at the Battle of Salamis in 480 BC.

After the war he became unpopular and had to leave. He went to work for the Persian Empire.

Greek shield

The "Greek shield" of Ancient Greece was called a hoplon or aspis. It was from this word that hoplite (a Greek soldier) is derived. 

A hoplon was a deeply-dished shield made of wood. Some shields had a thin sheet of bronze on the outer face. This was placed just around the rim. In some periods, the shield was decorated. At other times, it remained undecorated. These large shields were designed for a mass of hoplites to push forward into the opposing army, and it was their most essential equipment. The shield was carried in the left hand. It was used by Spartans as a weapon of attack.

Probably the most famous decoration is the Spartan. This was a capital lambda (Λ). From the late 5th century BC onward, Athenian hoplites usually used the Little Owl (Athena's sacred bird). The shields of Theban hoplites were sometimes decorated with a sphinx, or the club of Herakles. 

Breadfruit

Breadfruit is the name for an evergreen tree in the mulberry family. Originally, the tree grew in Southeast Asia. It has been cultivated and is grown in the tropical and subtropical regions of Asia, Central and South America and the Caribbean. The tree can reach a height of up to . The breadfruit is the fruit of this tree. The fruits contain a lot of starch - much like potatoes; they are ground to make flour, which can then be used for baking.

Ancestors of the Polynesians found the trees growing in the northwest New Guinea area around 3,500 years ago. They gave up the rice cultivation they had brought with them from Taiwan, and raised breadfruit instead. They took the trees with them wherever they went in the Pacific. The exceptions were Easter Island and New Zealand: both places were too cold to grow the trees. Their ancient eastern Indonesian cousins spread the plant west and north through insular and coastal Southeast Asia. In historical times, it has also been widely planted in tropical regions elsewhere.

The Mutiny on the Bounty was caused by breadfruit trees: In 1787, William Bligh was ordered to load a number of these trees on Tahiti and to ship them to the Caribbean; there they would serve as a cheap food for the slaves working on plantations. The main plantations at the time were those of sugarcane. This was the first attempt a government made to grow an economically important plant at a different location. The attempt failed, because the seamen did not understand why the drinking water supply was used to water the plants; they threw the plants overboard.

Bligh was able to ship the trees in a second voyage: Arriving in the Caribbean, he faced a different problem: The slaves there did not accept breadfruit as a replacement for cereals. Bligh won the Royal Society medal for his efforts, even though the introduction was not entirely successful. Although most slaves refused to eat the new food, breadfruit was accepted into the cuisine of Puerto Rico.

Hercules Room

The Hercules Room (also known as the Hercules Drawing Room or Hercules Salon; ) is a State Room in the Palace of Versailles. It occupies what was once the site of a chapel. Louis XIV wanted the Hercules Room to be a showcase for a large painting by Paolo Veronese. The architect Robert de Cotte began working on the room in 1710. Work was completed in 1736. The Room has been the scene of many glittering events in the history of Versailles.

The large room is on the ground floor (first floor) of the Palace. It measures 18m x 14m x 45m. A chapel once stood on the site. The Hercules Room connects the royal chapel and the North Wing of the palace with the Grand Apartment of the King. Architect Robert de Cotte started work on the room in 1710. The project was set aside in 1715 when Louis XIV died. Work resumed in 1724. Louis XV hired architect Jacques Gabriel, marble worker Claude-Félix Tarlé, and sculptors Jacques Verberckt and François-Antoine Vassé to complete the room. The room is in the style of the Hall of Mirrors. 

Louis XIV wanted this room to be a showcase for a large painting by Paolo Veronese called "Meal at the House of Simon the Pharisee". This picture was painted for the refectory (dining hall) of the Servite Convent in Venice in 1570. In 1664, the Doge gave it to Louis XIV. He wanted the king to support him in a war with the Turks. Veronese's "Eliezer and Rebecca" hangs above the fireplace on the wall opposite "Simon". 

"Simon" is a large painting. It measures 4.5 m x 9.7 m. The painting was once displayed in the Apollo Gallery of the Louvre. It was hung in the Hercules Room in 1730. It was removed in 1832. It was sent at that time back to the Louvre. In 1961 "Simon" was returned to the Hercules Room. In 1994 the painting was restored.

The room was completed in 1736 with a painted ceiling called "Apotheosis of Hercules". This was painted by François Lemoyne. The painting gave the room its name. The King was pleased with the ceiling. He appointed Lemoyne First Painter. Lemoyne however did not live long enough to enjoy the honor. He committed suicide shortly after the appointment. 

The coving is decorated with representations of the Four Princely Virtues: Justice, Fortitude, Constancy, and Courage. These are separated by Cupids pointing to the Labors of Hercules. In the center of the ceiling, Hercules arrives in his chariot on Mount Olympus. Jupiter offers his daughter Hebe in marriage to the hero. Mars and Vulcan observe the fall of demons and vices. Apollo sits on the steps of the Temple of Memory.

"Apotheosis" is the largest ceiling painted on canvas in Europe480 square meters of surface area. It depicts some 140 figures representing the gods and goddesses of Olympus. They have gathered for the arrival of Hercules after his successful labors raised him to the rank of God. The piece was seen as a metaphorical allusion to the merits of the French King.


Robert de Cotte

Robert de Cotte (1656 – 15 July 1735) was a French architect-administrator. He introduced the Rococo style. He was a pupil of Jules Hardouin-Mansart. He later became his teacher's brother-in-law and his collaborator. De Cotte married Hardouin-Mansart's sister. After Hardouin-Mansart's death, de Cotte completed his unfinished projects. These included the royal chapel at Versailles and the Grand Trianon.

Paolo Veronese

Paolo Veronese (1528 – 19 April 1588) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance. He was a Venetian. He is remembered for paintings such as "The Wedding at Cana" and "The Feast in the House of Levi". He became known as "Veronese" from his birthplace in Verona. His best works are elaborate narratives. These are executed in a dramatic and colorful Mannerist style. They are full of majestic architectural settings and pageantry. His large paintings of biblical feasts are especially notable.


Hill Top

Hill Top is a 17th-century Lakeland farm once in the possession of children's author Beatrix Potter. She bought the farm house as a retreat from London in 1896 at a time when she was making a significant amount of money from her stories. She used the farm as a place to develop her stories. Many of these stories (such as "Jemima Puddleduck" and "Tom Kitten") were set on the farm. Farm furniture, the ponds, and other elements were used as props in her books. 

Potter married William Heelis when she was 47. She moved across the road to Castle Cottage. She kept Hill Top though to house her collections of china, the "Two Bad Mice" doll house furniture, and other things. She continued to use the house as a retreat. She willed the houses and a large acreage to the National Trust in 1944. Hill Top is located near Sawrey in Cumbria. It is between Esthwaite Water and Windermere, 2 miles south-east of Hawksmoor.


The Yew Tree Ball

The Yew Tree Ball () was a masked ball. It was held in the Hall of Mirrors at Versailles on the night of 25-26 February 1745. Fifteen thousand people waited in the Hercules Room for the ball to begin. King Louis XV and several of his gentlemen courtiers attended dressed as topiary yew trees. The ball is notorious for being the venue in which the king made contact with Jeanne-Antoinette Poisson. He had first seen her while hunting at Senart. On 14 September 1745, Poisson was officially presented to the Court as the Marquise de Pompadour. She was the king’s official mistress until her death in 1764. 


Flávia Alessandra

Flávia Alessandra Martins da Costa (born June 7, 1974 in Arraial do Cabo) is a Brazilian actress.

Fernanda Montenegro

Arlette Pinheiro Esteves Torres (born October 16, 1929 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress. She is best known for her leading role in "Central Station", for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.

Clock Cabinet

The Clock Cabinet is a room at Versailles. It is one of the rooms in the king's private cabinets. An astronomical clock stands in the room. Louis XV took great interest in astronomy. The clock shows the time, the day of the week, the month, the year and the moon's quarter. In the crystal globe at the top, the planets can be seen moving around the sun according to Copernicus.

The clock was designed by Claude-Siméon Passemant, the King's engineer. It was made by the clock-maker Louis Dauthiau. The bronze casing was made by Jacques and Philippe II Caffiéri. The clock was used to determine the first official time system throughout the kingdom. The entire fixture measures over two meters tall.

The Academy of Science examined and approved the clock in August 1749. The Duc de Chaulnes presented it to Louis XV on 7 September 1750. It was put in the clock cabinet in 1754. The room actually got its name because of the large astronomical clock dials in the wainscoting. These clocks displayed the sunrises and moonrises every day. The king's scientific interests led him to upgrade that daily experience by having the Passemant clock installed in the room.

In 1692, the room was an Antechamber and part of Louis XIV's Art Cabinet. In 1738, it was remodeled into an oval-shaped drawing room. In 1760, it found its present form. The paneling is by Verberckt and Rousseau. The overdoors are copies of the Diana story originally painted by Boucher. The furniture in the room includes hunting tables ordered by Louis XV from Slodtz, Foliot, and Roumier. A Sèvres bisque equestrian statue depicting Frederic II stands in the room. Another equestrian statue in the room depicts Louis XV. It is a small copy by Vassé after Bouchardon's statue that stands in the Place de la Concorde.


Victoria (name)

Victoria [ vik-tawr-ee-"uh" ] is a female given name. It is Latin for "victory" and feminine for male name "Victor". Victoria is a name that has enjoyed widespread popularity for hundreds of years, and it has a fascinating background and significance. The name Victoria comes from the Latin term "victoria," which translates to "winning or triumph." This name has always been linked to attributes such as fortitude, might, and accomplishment in various eras. The name Victoria has a lot of variants, such as the short form "Vicky". This name was ranked #43 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are several Queens, several Princesses and many other famous people under this female name. As "Vicky", the name is being used for Atlantic Basin tropical cyclones.


Reims – Prunay Aerodrome

Reims – Prunay Aerodrome () is an airfield serving the city of Reims. It is east-southeast of Reims, near Prunay, both communes in the Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region in northeastern France.

It is a class D aerodrome open to general aviation traffic with no commercial airline service scheduled. Also, it hosts the factory of Reims Aviation.

The airport is above mean sea level. It has one paved runway which is long. It also has a parallel unpaved runway measuring .

Tetuin

Tetuin is a flavone. It is a type of flavonoid. It is the 6-O-glucoside of baicalein. It can be isolated from the seeds of "Oroxylum indicum", the Indian trumpetflower, known as टेटु "tetu" in Marathi.

Bulbophyllum evasum

Bulbophyllum evasum is a species of orchid in the genus "Bulbophyllum".


Atlantic City, New Jersey

Atlantic City is a city in New Jersey, United States. It officially became a city in 1854 when a new railroad connected it to Philadelphia. Atlantic City is an internationally renowned resort city for gambling, conventions, and leisure. The city also served as the inspiration for the original version of the board game "Monopoly". Atlantic City is on Absecon Island on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.

, the city has a population of 38,497. There were 274,534 people living in the Atlantic City–Hammonton Metropolitan Statistical Area as of the 2020 Census.

The three road routes into Atlantic City are the Black Horse Pike/Harding Highway (US 322/40), White Horse Pike (US 30), and the Atlantic City Expressway. Atlantic City is roughly south of New York City by road (via the Garden State Parkway), southeast of Philadelphia. 

Wholesale

Wholesale is the sale of large numbers of goods to retailers. The retailer then sells small amounts of the goods to individual users or consumers. A wholesaler often buys goods direct from the factory or the farm. The wholesaler can put together, sort or grade the products. The wholesaler will repack and redistribute the goods in smaller lots. Wholesalers usually have large individual warehouses to do this work. Food wholesalers often are located together at large markets.

Wholesalers used to be closer to where the retail goods were sold than they were to the factories or farms. Since internet sales have increased there are a number of wholesalers setting up near factories in China and Taiwan.

In banking, wholesale banking means services provided to large companies. Retail banking is services provided to small businesses or individuals.

Some examples of wholesale retailers include Costco, Sam's Club, and BJ's Wholesale Club

Network News Transfer Protocol

The Network News Transfer Protocol is a computer protocol that was used to create groups that could exchange news articles between people. It is not in very common usage now, but was commonly used in the late 1980s and 1990s. Many internet service providers still provide a NNTP server for their customers, and commercial Usenet services exist.

Workhouse

The workhouse was a place which offered housing and work to people who did not have any. They began in England and Wales during the 17th century. The first use of the word "workhouse" was in a report by the mayor of Abingdon in 1631 on the building of a workhouse in the town.

The beginnings of the workhouse go back to the Poor Law Act of 1388. This was designed to help solve a shortage of workers after the Black Death. It made it difficult for them to move about the country, and stopped them from looking for higher paid work somewhere else. This led to the state being responsible for the welfare of the poor. After the Napoleonic Wars there was a lot of unemployment. There was also unemployment caused by machines taking over work from farm workers. In the 1830s' there was also a series of bad harvests. These things put too much pressure on the existing ways of looking after poor people. 

New laws were passed, the New Poor Law of 1834, to try to deal with the problem. People would only be given help if they went into the workhouse to live. Some places hoped to make a profit from the workhouse by using the free labor of the people. Most did not have skills to get normal jobs, so workhouse jobs included breaking rocks into small stones, breaking bones to make fertilizer, or pulling apart old rope to reuse the fibre. This old rope, known as oakum, was used to pack joints in ship building to keep them watertight. A metal spike was used to unpick the rope, and the nickname for the workhouse was the spike.

Life in a workhouse was not meant to be easy. It was made hard so only the very poor with no hope of finding work would go there for help. Workhouse inmates had no rights in the workhouse and were subjected to strict rules and harsh punishments. However the workhouse did provide free medical care and education for the children. This sort of help was not available to poor people outside the workhouse system. Charles Dickens book Oliver Twist famously includes a chapter set in a workhouse. The reform increased non-violent property crimes, mostly poaching, by 17% This was worst when there was no work in farming.

Towards the end of the 1800s, the workhouses became filled with the old and sick, rather than unemployed poor people. In 1929 the laws were changed and the workhouses became hospitals. Some workhouses were renamed Public Assistance Institutions. These finally disappeared when the National Assistance act of 1948 was passed.

Ingrid

Ingrid [ ing-grid ] is a name for girls or women. The name comes from "Ingfriar" in Old Norse. "Ing" means Norse deity. "Friar" means beautiful. 

Ingrid is a lovely and distinctive moniker that has enjoyed widespread popularity in Scandinavian nations for many centuries. The appellation Ingrid originates from the Old Norse name Ingríðr, which translates to "charming goddess" or "elegant lady". It is a name that radiates power, loveliness, and elegance, rendering it an ideal selection for any infant girl. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Many famous people have been named Ingrid. One of them being Ingrid Bergman. Others include Ingrid Cruz and Ingrid Michaelson. A hurricane with the name hit eastern Mexico in September 2013. The storm killed 32 and caused $1.5 billion in damage. The name "Ingrid" was then retired.


Facelift (album)

Facelift is the debut studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "Facelift" was released on August 21, 1990. The album featured the singles "We Die Young", "Man in the Box", "Bleed the Freak" and "Sea of Sorrow".

Facelift became the first grunge album to be certified platinum. It has also gone on to been certified double-platinum by the RIAA for shipments of two million copies in the United States.


Dirt (album)

Dirt is the second studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "Dirt" was released on September 29, 1992. The album featured the singles "Would?", "Them Bones", "Angry Chair", "Rooster", and "Down in a Hole".

Dirt is currently the band's highest selling album to date and has gone on to sell 5 million copies worldwide. The album was certified four-times platinum by the RIAA.

Dirt was the final album to feature Mike Starr on bass before he was kicked out of the band and replaced by former Ozzy Osbourne bassist Mike Inez.

The album was also included in the 2005 book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die" and was ranked #1 on Guitar World magazine's top ten list of guitar albums of 1992


Alice in Chains (album)

Alice in Chains is the self-titled third studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "Alice in Chains" was released on November 7, 1995. The album featured the singles "Grind", "Heaven Beside You", "Over Now" and "Again".

The album was certified two-times platinum by the RIAA.

"Alice in Chains" was the last album to feature lead singer Layne Staley. He was later found dead of a heroin overdose on April 5, 2002. The next album, "Black Gives Way to Blue" was released in 2009, with new vocalist William DuVall.

The album is sometimes referred to as "Tripod" because of Jerry Cantrell's three-legged dog on the front cover and Frank Lentini on the back cover.


Florence (given name)

Florence [ flawr-"uh"ns, flor- ] is a French or English female given name. It is from the Latin word "floreo", which means "flower". The name also comes from the city of Florence in Italy. It was most popular in the U.S. between 1900 and 1940. It is still popular in Canada and England. The name was used for many tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Basin until 2018. This name was ranked #713 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

In 2018 Hurricane Florence struck North and South Carolina. It killed over 50 people. It caused around $18 billion in damage.


Beauty contest

A beauty contest or beauty pageant, is a public contest to decide which person is the most beautiful. Usually, the entrants are young females, but there are some contests for men. Each contests has its own rules as to who may enter, and what the prizes are. A person who enters a beauty contest or pageant is called a contestant.

The usual reason for holding such contests is to create publicity for the organisation which runs the contest. The contests are often shown on television and reported (with photographs) in newspapers. The first local event was probably in the United States in the late 19th century. 1880 in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware has been claimed.

With most contests the criteria for judging is physical appearance, plus some judgement of personality. "Beauty Queen" is a term often used to describe the winners. Usually the winner acts as a publicity representative for the year following the contest. Examples are:


There are many local events round the world.

Steve Braun

Steve Braun (born August 14, 1976) is a Canadian television and movie actor from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Braun's credits include "The Immortal", a TV series in which he and co-star Lorenzo Lamas hunted demons; "The Trip", an independent movie about coming of age in the HIV age; and "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle" (2004), a major motion picture in which he plays the lead villain. In addition, he starred as Brian Kelly in the 2004 thriller "The Skulls III". He also played the role of "Jonsey" in the 2007 thriller movie "". He also co-starred in the 2005 horror movie "Pterodactyl" as Willis Bradbury.

Braun was cast in a recurring guest role in The WB series "Twins", as Jordan, the love interest of Mitchee Arnold, played by Sara Gilbert. The series was broadcast from September 16, 2005 until May, 2006.

Braun was also in the movie "The Skulls III" as Brian.

Jacques Gabriel

Jacques Gabriel (1667–1767) was a French architect. He designed a lot of buildings in Paris.

Michelle Jacques Gabriel, is a designer, painter, architect and architect of the 17th and 18th centuries. He was one of the most prominent designers of the Versailless Palace in his lifetime. For his unique creativity and selflessness, he has always been attended by Louis XIV And eventually he became a trusted advisor to the king. He made important contributions to the king during his years of service, which is one of the most important works in the construction of the Versailles palace, which once served as the lobby of the fourteenth.

Michel had a mission to build the Versailles Palace throughout his life, he was also the first designer of the city's bridges in Paris. Interestingly, Gabriel's son (Ange Jacob Gabriel) continued his father's journey, and in this regard, like his father, completing the Versailles palace at the time of Louis 14 It has 15 significant roles. The Gabriel family is also home to the Cathedral of La Rochelle, the Royal Opera Royal Opera House and the Petit Trianon Palace, built on the palace of Versailles.

Isabel

Isabel (or Isabelle) [ iz-"uh"-bel ] is a female given name. It comes from the Hebrew name "Elisheva". "Elisheva" is often translated to "Elizabeth", of which Isabel is a division. There are many royal figures or queens with the name or its variants. Isabel is a name of great beauty that has enjoyed popularity for centuries. It has been embraced by diverse cultures, each giving it their own unique interpretation. The name Isabel originates from the Hebrew name Elisheba, which translates to "God is my oath." Over time, this name has been adopted by numerous cultures, such as the Spanish, Portuguese, and English. There are also many other famous people by Isabel and its related names. As "Isabel", this name was used on two Atlantic tropical cyclones. The 2003 storm was so damaging that the name was later retired.


François Lemoyne

François Lemoyne or François Le Moine (1688 – 4 June 1737) was a French rococo painter. He became First Painter to the King and worked with other artists of the era. However, the excess of work, court intrigues at Versailles, and the death of his wife drove him to madness. He committed suicide in Paris in 1737 by stabbing himself seven times, six months after finishing the ceiling painting "The Apotheosis of Hercules" in the Hercules Room in the Great Apartment of the King. With his death, the fashion of large allegorical ceilings disappeared.



Michael Winner

Michael Robert Winner (30 October 1935 – 21 January 2013) was an English movie director, producer, writer, editor, actor and restaurant critic. He was known for his work on the "Death Wish movie series". 

Winner was born on 30 October 1935 in Hampstead, London, England. His parents were Jewish immigrants: his mother was Polish and his father was of Russian descent. He studied at St Christopher School, Letchworth, and Downing College, Cambridge. He was married to Geraldine Lynton-Edwards from 2011 until his death in 2013. Winner retired in December 2012 and died on 21 January 2013 in Kensington, London, England from a liver illness, aged 77.


The George Inn

The George Inn is a public house in Southwark, London. It is on the east side of Borough High Street, close to London Bridge. It is the last galleried inn in London. It stands on a site where Shakespeare was said to have once acted in a similar galleried inn. The present inn was built in 1677. It was an important coaching post in the past. Charles Dickens speaks of the inn in "Little Dorrit".

The inn's long wooden exterior galleries are the only means of moving from one room to another on the first and second floors. A Victorian coffee room is downstairs. Upstairs, there is a large paneled dining room. The George Inn is owned by the National Trust.


The King's Head

The King's Head is a National Trust property in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England. The King's Head is a typical coaching inn. It has a large stable yard and an arched entrance high and wide enough to admit coaches. A window in the bar contains 15th century glass depicting angels bearing the arms of Henry VI and his queen, Margaret of Anjou. This glass and some parts of the building date to 1450. An exposed section of wattle-and-daub may be viewed. The King's Head is reached through a narrow passageway at the Aylesbury market square.

Suzuki Baleno

The Suzuki Baleno is a car produced by Suzuki. It was first introduced in 1995, and replaced by the Suzuki Liana in 2001. Suzuki again started making Suzuki Baleno in 2015 and introduced at Frankfurt Motor Show.

Suzuki Baleno was first sold in India starting from 24 October 2015 and then sold in Japan starting from 9 March 2016. It became availble in Europe from April 2016 and in United Kingdom from June 2016.

It comes with a 3 cylinder 1000cc Petrol engine and has 6 speed automatic transmission. Fuel tank can hold 37 Litres of petrol at a time.

Suzuki Baleno has a top speed of 170 kmph and can accelerate from 0 - 100 kmph in 11.4 seconds. It has an average fuel consumption of 14 - 18 kilometres per Litre of petrol.

Euro NCAP gave 4 out of 5 stars for the safety of Suzuki Baleno in 2016. It has front and side airbags to cover the head and chest of driver and front passenger. In addition it has automatic braking system to avoid collisions.

The Fifer

The Fifer or Young Flautist (1866) is an oil painting by French painter Édouard Manet. It hangs in the Musée d'Orsay, Paris, France.

Manet painted "The Fifer" after a trip to Spain he made in 1865. There he discovered the work of Diego Velázquez. Manet reflected the influence of Spanish painting in "The Fifer". The painting was rejected by the jury of the Paris Salon in 1866. The painting was exhibited in 1867. Manet died in 1883. In 1884, "The Fifer" was seen at the major retrospective exhibition of Manet's work organized as a tribute.

The rejection by the Salon jury caused the writer Émile Zola to publish a series of articles in defense of Manet in the newspaper "L'Événement".

Between 1873 and 1893, the painting was held by Jean-Baptiste Faure, a French composer and baritone, friend of Manet. In 1893, it was returned to the collection of art dealer Durand-Ruel. The painting was acquired in 1894 by Count Isaac de Camondo. It remained in his collection until 1911. That year it was donated to the French state. The painting was intended for the Musée du Louvre. It was not exhibited to the general public until 1914.

In 1947, the painting was moved to the Galerie nationale du Jeu de Paume. This museum is a showroom located in the Jardin des Tuileries and belonging to the Louvre. It remained there until 1986. It then was brought to the Musée d'Orsay with the rest of the Impressionist paintings in the Louvre. It can currently be seen in the Musée d'Orsay.

Manet portrayed an anonymous character: a teenage musician of the band of the Imperial Guard. The lad was sent to Manet by commander Lejosne. He was "treated like a grandee of Spain." Additional models may have also posed for the figure. The likenesses of both Léon Leenhoff (Manet's stepson) and Victorine Meurent (Manet's preferred model) have been seen in the boy's face and figure.

Sandra Orienti declares, ""The Fifer" is one of Manet's most famous paintings, and it is also one of his most daring works: here ... can be found a synthesis of all that is most complex in his vocabulary." She points out that the band boy's uniform is painted in red, black, and white with decorations in dull gold. The figure and its dress contrasts with the vague, undefined background. The lad has no support for himself except himself. "[h]is form ... seems to create a double dimension, the first being the small figure of the boy, the second his eyes and the spectator's eyes meeting between the rather crudely painted eyelids."

Puerto Varas

Puerto Varas is a city and commune of Chile with 32.912 inhabitants according with the INE census of 2002.


Julie

The name Julie is a French female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ joo-lee ]. It comes from the Latin name "Julia". "Julia" means "youthful" or "soft haired" in Latin. The name Julie and its variants are feminine for the masculine name "Julius". Julie is very popular in the United States. The name was particularly popular between 1951 and 1991. Its variant, "Julia", has been in the top 100 female names dating back to 1980. Julie and its related names are being used by many famous people. They include Julie Andrews and Julie Benz. As "Julia" the name is currently being used for Atlantic Basin tropical cyclones. This name was ranked #658 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


The Balcony

The Balcony is an 1868 oil painting by the French painter Édouard Manet. It was exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1869. The painting depicts four figures. On the left is Berthe Morisot, who became in 1874 the wife of Manet's brother, Eugène. In the centre is the painter Jean Baptiste Antoine Guillemet. On the right is Fanny Claus, a violist. The fourth figure in the background is possibly Leon Leenhoff, Manet's stepson. It was sold by Gustave Caillebotte in 1884. It hangs at this time in Paris at the Musée d'Orsay.

The painting was inspired by "The Majas at the Balcony" by Francisco Goya. It was created at the same time and with the same purpose as "Luncheon in the studio". The three characters were all friends of Manet. They seem to be disconnected from each other. Berthe Morisot, on the left, looks like a romantic and inaccessible heroine, the young violinist Fanny Claus and the painter Antoine Guillemet seem to display indifference. The boy in the background is Manet's stepson, Léon. Just behind the railings, there are a hydrangea and a dog with a ball.

A study for "The Balcony", "The Portrait of Mademoiselle Claus", is in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. The portrait’s subject is Fanny Claus, the closest friend of Manet’s wife Suzanne Leenhoff. This unfinished portrait was painted as a study for the finished picture. 

Following Manet’s premature death in 1883, the portrait was bought in a studio sale by the artist John Singer Sargent. The portrait had only been seen once in public since it was first painted in 1868. In 2012 the Ashmolean Museum succeeded in raising the funds to acquire it and keep it permanently in a public collection in the United Kingdom.

This was the first time Berthe Morisot posed for Manet. Manet's "Luncheon in the studio" was the work of an innovator but "The Balcony" was not. Unlike Morisot, the three other figures are pale and undistinguished. Orienti writes, "Guillemet looks pompous and stupid, Jenny Clauss a stereotype, and the painting as a whole seems to suffer from the uneven distribution of the figures." The press considered the painting "discordant". The contrast of colors (the background completely black, the white faces and clothes, the blue tie of the man, and the green railings) contributes to create an atmosphere of "mystery".

Lord's Resistance Army

The Lord's Resistance Army is a paramilitary group, and a new religious movement. Joseph Kony founded it in 1987, in the north of Uganda, to fight against the government, headed by president Yoweri Museveni. The group operates in Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in South Sudan. It wants to establish an independent state which is governed by laws based on the Ten Commandments. There is an insurgency called Lord's Resistance Army insurgency, which was basically caused by the group. Uganda was able to evict the group, but it continues to terrorize the population in the other countries where it is active. In conjunction with the conflict, the group is also said to have committed several grave abuses of human rights.It has been accused of widespread human rights violations, including murder, abduction, mutilation, child-sex slavery and forcing children to participate in hostilities.

The group is led by Joseph Kony, who proclaims himself the spokesman of God and a spirit medium. Since 1987, Kony is believed to have recruited between 60,000 and 100,000 child soldiers and displaced around 2 million people throughout central Africa. The LRA is one of the foreign organizations designated as terrorist by the United States, and its leadership is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity.

Michael Dukakis

Michael Stanley Dukakis (, born November 3, 1933) served as the 65th and 67th Governor of Massachusetts, from 1975 to 1979 and 1983 to 1991. He is the longest-serving Governor in Massachusetts and only the second Greek-American governor in United States history, after Spiro Agnew.

In 1988, he was the Democratic nominee for President, but lost to Republican then–Vice President, George H. W. Bush.

Dukakis was mentioned as candidate for Massachusetts Senator for a possible interim successor to Ted Kennedy, after Kennedy's death but Governor Deval Patrick chose Paul G. Kirk, the other candidate and a favorite of the Kennedy Family.

In 2008, he talked about his defeat in an interview with Katie Couric, in which he said he "owe[d] the American people an apology" because "if I had beaten the old man, we never would have heard of the kid, and we wouldn't be in this mess."


Tangail District

Tangail () is a district in the central region of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Jamalpur District

Jamalpur () is a district in the Mymensingh Division of Bangladesh. It was originally established in 1869.

Sherpur District

Sherpur () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Kishoreganj District

Kishorganj () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Netrokona District

Netrakona is a district in northeast Bangladesh. It is a part of the Mymensingh Division.

St Pancras Church, Ipswich

Saint Pancras is a Catholic church covering the town centre of Ipswich, England.

When it was built, the church was supposed to be used as the Catholic cathedral for the East of England.

Venus Consoling Love

Venus Consoling Love or The Bath of Venus is a painting by François Boucher. It is signed and dated 1751. It measures 107 x 84.8 cm (42 1/8 x 33 3/8 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. The painting once belonged to Mme de Pompadour. Boucher was Pompadour's favorite artist. The painting may have been intended for her apartment at Versailles or for her chateau at Bellevue.

She allegedly posed for the painting. It is more likely Venus was a product of Boucher's imagination. The technical dexterity evident in the painting is the principal charm of Rococo art.

"Boucher's success in communicating the charm and sensuality of the nude lies in his mastery of color and fluid brushstrokes ... The painting exemplifies the rococo love of asymmetric lines and sinuous curves, artfully arranged to seduce both the eye and the mind of the beholder."

Gilbert

Gilbert [ gil-bert ] is a British Isles male given name. It means "the bright pledge", or “the bright promise” in Germanic. Many famous people have carried the name, including W. S. Gilbert. There is also a Spanish form, Gilberto. It was used on a powerful Atlantic hurricane that struck the Caribbean and Mexico in 1988. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Gilbert is Caillou's pet cat that appears in the popular television show "Caillou".

Felicity (given name)

Felicity [ fi-lis-i-tee ] is an English female given name. It means "happiness". The name is derived from the Latin name "Felicitas". "Felicitas" is the name for an Ancient Roman goddess. This female name was at 236 in popularity for girls around England and Wales. The name was 390th in popularity on girls in the United States for 1999. Felicity is a female form of the male name "Felix". The name Felicity is the name of a character played by Keri Russell. This name was ranked #441 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Stentor

Stentor is a genus of filter-feeding ciliates. They are usually horn-shaped, and reaching lengths of 2 millimeters, they are among the biggest known unicellular organisms.

They are a type of protist ciliate in the heterotrich class. The old-fashioned name for them was trumpet animalcules.

The body is horn-shaped, with a ring of prominent cilia around the anterior "bell" that sweeps in food and helps swimming. Some reach several millimeters in length, making them among the largest single celled organisms. As in many freshwater protozoans, Stentor has a contractile vacuole. Because the concentration of salt inside the cell and in the surrounding freshwater is different, Stentor must store water that enters it by osmosis and then discharge it from the vacuole. They can regenerate, and small fragments can grow into full organisms. Each cell has one (often elongated) macronucleus and several micronuclei. Having two types of nuclei is charcteristic of ciliates.

Daming Sunusi

Muhammad Daming Sunusi (born in Bulukumba, South Sulawesi, Indonesia, June 1, 1952) is a judge from Indonesia. He became controversial for his words "rape victims and perpetrators alike, enjoy" in the House of Representatives at the fit and proper test as a potential Supreme Court Justice. 


Japan Airlines

Japan Airlines () is the flag carrier of Japan. Its headquarters are in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan. The airline and four of its sub-airlines (J-Air, JAL Express, JALways, and Japan Transocean Air) are members of the Oneworld airline alliance. Japan Airlines currently goes to over 90 destinations. 

Japan Airlines began on August 1, 1951. In 1954, it started international flights. It bought its first jet aircraft in 1968, the Douglas DC-8. Japan Air System merged with Japan Airlines in 2002. In 2007, it joined the Oneworld alliance. In January 2010, Japan Airlines declared bankruptcy. British Airways and Qantas helped the airline pay off debts. It finally got out of bankruptcy in April 2011. 


Panchagarh District

Panchagarh is a district located in the Rangpur Division of northern Bangladesh. Established as a district on February 1, 1984, it is the northernmost district in the country. The district spans an area of 1,404.62 km² and is bounded on three sides by the Indian border, with Darjeeling district to the north, Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar districts to the northeast, Uttar Dinajpur to the west, Dinajpur and Thakurgaon districts to the south, and Nilphamari district to the east.

Panchagarh has two main beliefs about how it received its name. The first is that it was named after an area called Pancha Nagari in the kingdom of Pundu Nagar, and the second is that it was named after the five forts (garh) in the region, including Bhitargarh, Hosaingarh, Mirgarh, Rajangarh, and Devengarh.

The district was part of the Jalpaiguri district during the British Raj in undivided Bengal. In 1911, Jalpaiguri was fully established as a thana, and the headquarters of the Jalpaiguri thana was situated in Jagdal upazila of the current Panchagarh district. The thana was later relocated to the bank of Karatoya River in its current position for environmental and transportation benefits.

Geographically, Panchagarh is located in the lower basin of the Himalayas and has highlands compared to the rest of Bangladesh. The soil composition is distinct, with rich sand and stones. The district consists of five upazilas, 43 unions, 420 mauzas, 825 villages, two paurashavas, 18 wards, and 64 mahallas. It has 16 rivers, including the Karatoya, Atrai, Teesta, Nagor, Mahananda, Tangon, Dahuk, Pathraj, Bhulli, Talma, Chawai, Kurum, Tirnoi, and Chilka. The length of the border between Bangladesh and India in Panchagarh is 286.87 km (178.25 mi), designed by Sir Cyril John Radcliffe in 1947.

Thakurgaon District

Thakurgaon () is a district in the north-western side of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rangpur Division and borders India to the west.

Nilphamari District

Nilphamari () is a district in northern bengal of Bangladesh. It is part of the Rangpur Division.

Lalmonirhat District

Lalmonirhat () is a district on the northern border of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rangpur Division.

Kurigram District

Kurigram () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is in the Rangpur Division.

Gaibandha District

Gaibandha () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rangpur Division.

Skymark Airlines

Skymark Airlines or Sky is a low-cost Japanese airline founded in 1998. It is partly owned by the Japanese travel company H.I.S.


Claire

The name Claire is a female given name. It is pronounced [ klair ]. It means "clear" in French. The popularity of the name in United Kingdom peaked in the 1970s and 1980s. Around 1997, the name fell out of the top 100 girls' names there. Many famous people have this name. This name was ranked #59 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

One of them is the actress Claire Danes.


Yakushima

Yakushima is a World Heritage Site south of Kyushu in southern Japan.

Chibi Maruko-chan

Chibi Maruko-chan (Little Maruko) is an anime broadcast on Sunday evenings in Japan. It is about a elementary school student and her family.

Japanese literature

Japanese literature is literature written in the Japanese language. Early Japanese literature was a lot like Chinese literature because Japan and China had a lot of contact. Over time, Japanese literature became a new style that was different from Chinese literature. 

Female authors were successful during the Heian period. When the Imperial Court became less powerful, female authors were less successful.


Shusaku Endo

Shūsaku Endō ( "", 27 March 1923 – 29 September 1996) was a Japanese writer known mainly for his novels. Endō is categorised as one of the "Third Generation" writers, the third major group of writers who appeared after World War II.

The Oval (Belfast)

The Oval is a football ground in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is the home of Glentoran F.C.

Euglenozoa

The Euglenozoa are a large phylum of flagellate protists. They are part of the wastebasket taxon known as the Protozoa, which had many obviously different protists.

Euglenozoa include a variety of common free-living species, and some important parasites, of which a few infect humans. There are two main subgroups, the Euglenoidea "euglenids" and Kinetoplastea "kinetoplastids". Euglenozoa are unicellular, mostly around 1540 µm in size, although some euglenids get up to 500 µm long.

Most Euglenozoa have two flagella, parallel to one another in a pocket-like structure. In some there is a cytostome or mouth, used to eat bacteria or other small organisms. This is supported by a microtubule from the flagellar bases; two other tubules support the dorsal and ventral surfaces of the cell.

Some other Euglenozoa feed through absorption, and many euglenids have chloroplasts and so get energy by photosynthesis. These chloroplasts are surrounded by three membranes and contain chlorophylls "A" and "C", and other pigments, so are probably evolved from those of a captured green alga. Reproduction occurs only by cell division. During mitosis, the nuclear membrane remains intact, and the spindle microtubules form inside it.

The group is characterized by the ultrastructure of the flagella. In addition to the normal supporting microtubules, each contains a rod (called "paraxonemal"), which has a tubular structure in one flagellum and a latticed structure in the other.

The euglenozoa are generally accepted as monophyletic. They are related to Percolozoa. The two share mitochondria with disk-shaped compartments, which only occurs in a few other groups. Both probably belong to a larger group of eukaryotes called the Excavata. This grouping has been challenged.

Commodore 64

The Commodore 64 was a bestselling, 8-bit home computer from the 1980s. It was created by Commodore International, and it entered the market in 1982. Around 17 million units are believed to have been sold. The Commodore 64 is often credited with making personal computers popular amongst the masses. This quality sparked comparisons with the Ford Model T. The Commodore 64 was offered at relatively low prices, and was available in malls, department stores, and toy stores instead of solely in the shops of authorized dealers.


Kinetoplastid

The kinetoplastids are a group of single-cell flagellate eukaryotes. They include a number of parasites responsible for serious diseases in humans and other animals. There are also forms found in soil and aquatic environments. They are members of the phylum Euglenozoa. 

Their main distinguishing feature is the presence of a kinetoplast, a DNA-containing granule inside the single mitochondrion at the base of the cell's flagella (the basal body).

The kinetoplastids were first defined by Honigberg in 1961 as the flagellate order Kinetoplastida. They are traditionally divided into the biflagellate Bodonidae and uniflagellate Trypanosomatidae. 

The Trypanosomatidae includes several genera which are exclusively parasitic. "Trypanosoma brucei" causes Sleeping sickness; "Trypanosoma cruzi" causes Chagas disease, "Leishmania" causes leishmaniasis, "Crithidia" is parasitic on insects, and "Cryptobia" is an ectoparasite on the gills of fish.

"Bodo" is typical of the free-living Bodonids, and includes various species which feed on bacteria. 

Captain George K. H. Coussmaker

Captain George K. H. Coussmaker (1782) is an oil painting by Joshua Reynolds. Coussmaker was born in London in 1759 to Evert and Mary Coussmaker. He entered the military in 1776. He was promoted several times. He never saw active service. He retired in 1795. He married Catherine Southwell in 1790. They had two children, George and Sophia (later, the Baroness de Clifford). He died in 1801. 

Coussmaker sat for Reynolds 21 times and his horse 8 times between February 9 and April 16. Reynolds was paid 205 pounds. Another 10 guineas was paid for the frame. The portrait remained with Coussmaker and his descendants until 1884. It was then sold to William K. Vanderbilt. Vanderbilt bequeathed to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1920. Museum curators describe the picture as "an exceptionally fine work ... The composition is complex and the whole vigorously painted."


Pet Shop Boys

Pet Shop Boys are a British synthpop duo: Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe. They formed in London in 1981 after they met in an electronics shop. They have sold 50 million records and are the most successful British music duo of all time. They have won three Brit Awards. They have been nominated for seven Grammy Awards. In 1984 their first single "West End Girls" was released. It reached number one in the UK and US.



Nicole

Nicole [ ni-kohl; "French" nee-kawl ] is a female given name of Greek origin. It means "victorious people". It is the French female version of the boy's name "Nicholas". There are many variants for this female name. Famous persons going by the name include Nicole Sullivan and Nicole Kidman. The name is being used for tropical storms or hurricanes in Atlantic Basin. This name was ranked #340 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


The Dancing Class

The Dancing Class is an oil painting by Edgar Degas painted about 1870. It was the first of his ballet pictures. It depicts a dance class at the Paris Opéra. When he painted this picture, Degas did not yet have privileges to go backstage at the Opéra. In the late 1870s, Degas said, "I have done [painted] so many of these dance examinations without having seen them that I am a little ashamed of it."

Joséphine Gaujelin (or Gozelin) is the dancer in the center of the picture. She waits for the starting note from the ballet master. The watering can (to wet down the rosin on the floor), the top hat as music holder, and the empty violin case are props that Degas would continue to use in his ballet pictures. Degas would re-use the poses in this picture many times.

Diastereomer

Diastereomers (also called diastereoisomers) are stereoisomers which are not enantiomers. They are molecules which have the same atoms and bonds but different stereochemistry in at least one, but not all, of their chiral centres. Diastereomers can have very different properties even though they look similar. This is different from enantiomers, that have exactly the same properties except when in a chiral environment like the human body.

Every chiral centre in a molecule has two possible ways of putting the groups in space. With only one chiral centre, there are two enantiomers. With two chiral centres, you can form 4 different isomers. When all chiral centres are changed at the same time, two pairs of enantiomers are formed. When only one chiral centre is changed at a time, sets of diastereoisomers are formed. With more chiral centres the possibilities are many more.

Diastereoisomers which are different at only one of more chiral centres are called epimers. For example, -Threose and -Erythrose (see picture) are diastereomers because they are different at only one of two chiral centres. Because of this they can also be called epimers.

Rate-determining step

The rate-determining step is the step for which the transition state has the highest energy. It is the slowest step within a chemical reaction. It can be thought of as the most difficult step to go through. It is also the step that must be used to calculate the activation energy.

Knowing which step is rate-determining is very important when studying a reaction mechanism. This is because if this step is changed the reaction can go much faster. This can be done for example by using a different reagent or changing the temperature or pressure. Changing the conditions for any other step of the mechanism will not change the overall speed of the reaction at all.

In the rate equation, which is an equation to calculate the speed of the reaction from the concentration of molecules, usually the only step that is important is the rate-determining one.

Japanese Footbridge

Japanese Footbridge is an oil painting by Claude Monet. It was painted in 1899. It measures 81.3 x 101.6 cm (32 x 40 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art. 

In 1893, Monet moved to a house in rural Giverny. In 1893 and the years following, he turned a swampy area at Giverny into a water lily pool. It became a source of artistic inspiration. 

In 1899 Monet painted 12 works that centered on the garden and the Japanese Footbridge he constructed. The National Gallery of Art writes: "When Monet exhibited these paintings at Durand–Ruel's gallery in 1900, a number of critics mentioned his debt to Japanese art. More telling, the impenetrable green enclosure—heightened in the National Gallery painting by the placement of the top of the bridge's arch just below the painting's top edge—harkens back to the "hortus conclusus" (closed garden) of medieval images, while also evoking a dreamlike contemplative zone consonant with symbolist literature, especially poems such as "Le Nénuphar blanc" by Stéphane Mallarmé. Gustave Geffroy described this effect in his review of the exhibition (Le Journal, November 26, 1900), speaking of "this minuscule pool where some mysterious corollas blossom," and "a calm pool, immobile, rigid, and deep like a mirror, upon which white water lilies blossom forth, a pool surrounded by soft and hanging greenery which reflects itself in it."

Reproductions available in many sizes at Art Studio Gallery La Fayette 
Water Lilies

Water Lilies (or Nymphéas, ) is a series of about 250 oil paintings by French Impressionist Claude Monet. The paintings are of Monet's flower garden at Giverny. They were the main focus of Monet's work during the last thirty years of his life. Many of the works were painted while Monet suffered from cataracts. The paintings are on display in museums all over the world, including the Musée Marmottan Monet and the Musée d'Orsay in Paris, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Carnegie Museum of Art and the National Museum of Wales, among others.

As part of his extensive gardening plans at Giverny, Monet had a pond dug in his garden and planted with lilies in 1893. He painted the subject in 1899, and thereafter it dominated his art. He worked continuously for more than twenty years on a large-scale decorative series, attempting to capture every observation, impression, and reflection of the flowers and water. The series captures the blooms at different times of the day, and under different atmospheric conditions. After much hesitation, Monet exhibited a group of 48 water-lily paintings in 1909 at the Paris gallery of his art dealer, Paul Durand-Ruel. The series became an enormous financial, popular, and critical hit. By the mid-1910s, Monet had achieved a completely new, fluid, and somewhat audacious style of painting in which the water-lily pond became the point of departure for an almost abstract art.




Piper Laurie

Piper Laurie (born Rosetta Jacobs; January 22, 1932 – October 14, 2023) was an American actress. She played Catherine in the television series "Twin Peaks". She acted in the movies "Carrie" and "Children of a Lesser God". She also acted in stage plays. She was married to movie critic Joe Morgenstern from 1962 until they divorced in 1982. She was born in Detroit, Michigan.

During her career, she won a Primetime Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award and BAFTA Award.

Laurie died in Los Angeles, California on October 14, 2023, at the age of 91.

Nighthawks

Nighthawks is an oil painting. It was painted by American realist painter Edward Hopper in 1942. The picture shows two people sitting in a diner late at night. It is Hopper's most famous work. It is one of the most recognizable paintings in American art. Within months of its completion, it was sold to the Art Institute of Chicago for $3,000. It hangs in the Institute.

The Attentive Nurse

The Attentive Nurse is an oil painting by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It measures 46.2 x 37 cm (18 3/16 x 14 9/16 in.). It was painted in 1747. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC. 

The National Gallery tells us that Chardin reveals dignity and beauty in everyday life. The woman is preparing an invalid's meal. Each object receives careful treatment from the artist. The table setting is a harmony of white tones: jug, tablecloth, egg, and plate. Every pot, each piece of crockery has been given distinct treatment. As Diderot wrote of Chardin, "it is not white, red, or black pigment that you mix on your palette, it is the very substance of objects."

Chardin's subjects were popular with all classes of society, including the aristocracy. The National Gallery writes, "Perhaps their appeal rested in their sense of order, of things in their proper place. Chardin anticipated the popularity of paintings of "sensibility," which increased from the 1740s on, telling a colleague that "one uses color, but one paints with sentiment."

Broth

Broth or stock is a tasty soup. It is sometimes defined as the liquid part of soup. It can be made in boiling water by adding meat, fish or vegetables, and taking out the fat. It is sometimes used as an ingredient (or stuff) in recipes to make food taste better.

In Britain, a broth is a soup in which there are solid pieces of meat or fish, with some vegetables. It is usually made with a stock or plain water as its base, with meat or fish added while being brought to a boil, and vegetables added later. Broth is often made more substantial by adding rice, barley or pulses. Broth is distinct from stock, which is a thin liquid made by simmering raw ingredients until all the taste has been got, then sieving the resulting liquid. In Japan, other stuffs such as kelp, dried small sardines and katsuobushi are also used for Japanese dishes, too.

In the United States terms, broths are made from portions of meat, whereas stocks are made from vegetable scraps and bones.


Samuel Loomis

Dr. Samuel James "Sam" Loomis (March 13, 1922 – c. October 29th, 1998) is an fictional British character in the "Halloween". He is one of the main protagonists of "Halloween", "Halloween II", "", "" and "". Donald Pleasence plays the character of Dr. Loomis in all five movies relating to Michael Michael Myers from parts 1-2 and from parts 4-6 (He and Michael did not appear in part 3). 

From all the "Halloween franchise", he is thought to be as the archenemy to the series' central character and main villain, Michael Myers. Dr. Loomis does not appear in the other movies after part six, because his portrayer Donald Pleasence died before part six was released. Malcolm McDowell plays Dr. Loomis in the 2007 re-make, "Halloween" and in its sequel "Halloween II".

His name Samuel Loomis is based on John Gavin's character name from Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 horror movie "Psycho".

The Swing (Fragonard, 1767-1768)

The Swing (1767-1768) is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1767-1768. It measures 81 × 64 cm (31.9 × 25.2 in). The painting depicts a woman kicking off her shoe as she flies up in a swing. A young man gazes up her skirt while another man controls the swing with a rope. It hangs in the Wallace Collection, London.

Walmor Chagas

Walmor Chagas (August 28, 1930 – January 18, 2013) was a Brazilian actor. He was in over 50 movies since his career began in 1965. He is known for his roles in "São Paulo, Sociedade Anônima", "Xica da Silva", "Sonho Meu", "Esperança", "Caminhos do Coração", and in "A Favorita".

In 1956 he was awarded with Prêmio Saci.

Chagas was born on August 28, 1930 in Alegrete, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Chagas committed suicide by shooting himself in the head on January 18, 2013 in his home in Guaratinguetá, São Paulo, Brazil, aged 81.

The Swing (Fragonard, 1775-1780)

The Swing is an oil painting by Jean Fragonard. It was painted between 1775 and 1780. The picture measures 215.9 x 185.5 cm (85 x 73 1/16 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC.

Subaru Corporation

Subaru Corporation which used to be named Fuji Heavy Industries is a Japanese manufacturing company that makes Subaru cars, aircraft for the Japanese Self Defence Force, engines, garbage trucks and wind turbines.


The Copper Cistern

The Copper Cistern is an oil painting on oak by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It was painted in around 1735. It measures 28.5 cm x 23 cm (11.22 in x 9.06 in). It hangs in the Louvre. Chardin chose themes that were popular with all classes of 18th century Parisian society.

A Rage in Harlem

A Rage in Harlem is a 1991 movie starring Forest Whitaker, Danny Glover, Robin Givens and Gregory Hines. The movie is set around 1950s New York City. It was given an R rating by the MPAA. The movie was shot in Cincinnati.

The Cellar Boy

The Cellar Boy is an oil painting on canvas by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It was painted sometime between 1736 and 1738. It measures 46 cm x 38 cm (18.11 in x 14.96 in). It hangs in a private collection. Chardin chose themes that were popular with all classes of Parisian society. 

Ginza

Ginza is an area of Central (Chuo) Tokyo ward, it is known for its expensive shops.


Soap Bubbles (painting)

Soap Bubbles is an oil painting on canvas by Jean-Baptiste-Simeon-Chardin. It was painted sometime between 1733 and 1735. It measures 93 cm x 74.5 cm (36.61 in x 29.33 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC. Chardin chose homely subjects that proved popular with all classes of French society. For example, he painted several pictures of boys playing.

The National Gallery of Art writes, "For the 18th–century viewer, bubbles were a form of entertainment. But they also were a symbol of the transience of life. The subject was popular; Chardin made at least three and probably four versions of this painting."

The National Gallery of Art continues: "Chardin has rigorously constructed his composition. The boys are framed by a rectangular stone window, the sharp rectangles offset by the hunched youth whose arms and head form a triangle. This triangular shape is echoed in the hat of the younger boy. The focus of the composition, however, is the circular, translucent bubble, which glistens against the warm brown tones of the canvas."


The Happy Lovers

The Happy Lovers is an oil painting on canvas by the French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted sometime between 1760-1765. It measures . It hangs in the Norton Simon Museum.

County Kerry

County Kerry is one of the Counties of Ireland. It is part of the Gaeltacht. Dingle is a popular tourist town in the county, and other scenic parts have been included in the List of World Heritage Sites in Ireland.

Lilacs and Roses

Lilacs and Roses is an oil painting on canvas by Édouard Manet. It was one of his late works, painted in 1883. It measures 54 × 45 cm. It is in a private collection. The painting is a development of the small vase of roses on the bar in Manet's "The Bar at the Folies-Bergère." 

Many of Manet's later works offered a small still life in the lower left hand corner of the picture. The flowers present a "cross" shape that is broken by a diagonal line through the center. The brushwork is exceptional. The picture is one of the masterpieces of Manet's later years.

End of the Lunch

End of the Lunch is an oil painting by Pierre Auguste Renoir. It was painted in 1879. François Mathey writes, "This picture, redolent with a warm, healthy, and vibrant sensuality was painted under the arbor of Oliver's restaurant in Montmartre." The people in the picture are Ellen Andrée, the artist's current model Marguerite, and the son of someone who owned a ship.

Stoke Newington

Stoke Newington is an area of the London Borough of Hackney, northeast of central London.



Girl Most Likely

Girl Most Likely is a 2012 American comedy movie. It stars Kristen Wiig as Imogene, Annette Bening as Zelda, Natasha Lyonne as Allyson and Matt Dillon. This comedy deals with gambling troubles and suicide attempts. It got mixed to positive reviews from the critics.

RoboCop (2014 movie)

RoboCop (RoboCop 4) is a 2014 American action science fiction thriller movie. It stars Joel Kinnaman, Gary Oldman, Samuel L. Jackson, and Michael Keaton. "RoboCop" is a remake of the 1987 action picture by the same name. This action picture is set in 2028 Detroit and was shot there. It was released on February 12, 2014 by Columbia Pictures. It also follows "RoboCop 2" (1990) and "RoboCop 3" (1993).

Passiflora

Passiflora is also known as the passion flowers or passion vines. It is a genus of about 500 species of flowering plants. They are mainly vines, with some being shrubs, and a few species being herbaceous. See passionfruit for information about the fruit of the passiflora plant.

The family "Passifloraceae" is characterized by a pantropical distribution. "Passiflora" is absent from Africa, which, instead, hosts many other members of its family (e.g. the more plesiomorphic "Adenia").

There are nine species of "Passiflora" native to the USA, from Ohio to the north, west to California and south to the Florida Keys. Most other species are found in South America, China, and Southern Asia, New Guinea, four or more species in Australia and an endemic species in New Zealand.

Operation Entebbe

Operation Entebbe, also known as Operation Jonathan, was an Israeli hostage rescue mission. It took place in July 1976 in Entebbe, Uganda. An Air France airplane was hijacked on 27 June 1976 by German and Palestinian terrorists wanted the release of prisoners held in Israel and four other countries. Many of the hostages were later released but 106 Israelis and Jews were still held. Israeli special forces planned and executed a daring long-range rescue of the remaining 106 passengers on 4 July 1976. 102 of the passengers were rescued. Lt Col Yonatan Netanyahu, who led the mission, was the only rescuer to be killed in action.

On 27 June 1976 Air France flight AF-139 was hijacked by German and Palestinian terrorists. One third of the passengers on the airplane were Jewish. Two of the hijackers were members of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP). The other two were members of the Baader-Meinhof gang from Germany. The hijackers forced the plane to go to Entebbe. 

The plane landed at Entebbe at 3 AM on June 28th. Three more people joined the hijackers. At noon, the passengers were moved to an old terminal building. Idi Amin, dictator and President of Uganda went to the airport to meet with the hostages. He told them he was working to get them free. He said the military of Uganda was there to help keep them safe. The next day, the hijackers said that if 53 other terrorists were not released from prisons, they would start killing the hostages. Of these 53 people, 13 were in prisons in France, West Germany, Kenya, and Switzerland. The other 40 were in Israel. The hijackers said the prisoners had to be released by 2 PM on July 1. 

On June 29th, the Israel Defense Force (IDF) held a meeting to discussed a raid to free the hostages. There were 3 major problems with this. The first problem was that Uganda was away from Israel. The fact that the plane was owned by a French company was also an issue. The third main issue was the fact that only one third of the passengers were Jewish. And of these, not all of them were from Israel. 

It was learned the next day that Idi Amin was, in fact, not working to free the hostages. He was working to support the PFLP. This caused other problems for the rescue mission. They now had to worry about the Uganda military at the airport. A large number of the hostages were released on July 1st. The hijackers still held 106 passengers who were all Israeli or Jews. The hostages who were freed were flown to Paris and London. The government of Israel said that they would free the prisoners held in Israel. Because of this, the hijackers agreed to not start killing the hostages until July 4th. Lt Col Yonatan Netanyahu was put in charge of the Israeli mission to free the remaining hostage. Training began the next day for the mission. It was done using information they had gotten from the released passengers. An old home movie taken in Entebbe was used to show them more about the layout of the airport.

Soon after noon on July 3rd, four C-130's took off from Israel with the troops for the rescue mission. Their path to Entebbe was carefully selected to avoid being seen by Soviet ships or Egyptian radar. At 11 PM the plane reached Entebbe. A black Mercedes limousine and 2 Land Rover were used to lead troops to the airport. The vehicles were the same as those Amin was known to use. The Mercedes had Ugandan flags and all 35 commandos wore Ugandan uniforms. As they got near the building where the hostages were kept, two sentries went to stop them. Netanyahu told his vehicles to slow down. When the two sentries were in range, he had his troops shoot them with silenced weapons. One of the sentries was hit and killed. The other was not killed. When he tried to use his weapon, Israeli troops quickly killed him with AK-47s. This caused much noise and the hijackers knew something was now happening. The element of surprise was believed to be lost. The troops moved quickly to the building. The terrorist outside the building ran inside yelling "The Ugandans have gone nuts - they're shooting at us!" The element of surprise was still there. The terrorists did not realize it was Israeli troops attacking them. 

It took the Israelis about 10 minutes to clear the building. The entire raid lasted just 99 minutes. The Ugandan soldiers and all seven terrorists were killed. Of the 106 passengers, three were killed. 102 were rescued. One of the hostages was not found. Netanyahu had been shot in the chest and 10 other of the Israeli military were injured. Netanyahu was the only one to die. The Israelis also destroyed at least 8 Russian-built MIG fighters. This was a quarter of Uganda's air force.

The hostages were then flown to Nairobi, Kenya. While there, some of the injured were treated by Israeli doctors. At least two people were moved to a hospital there. The rescued hostages were then taken back to Israel. It was later learned that one Israeli woman, Dora Bloch, the missing hostage, had been removed from the airport for medical reasons. She was later killed by the Ugandans on Idi Amin's order. Her body was discovered under a field and was returned to Israel for burial in 1979, after Idi Amin's dictatorship ended that year. 

While officially known as Operation Entebbe, it is more often referred to as Operation Jonathan, named after Yonatan Netanyahu.

Dido and Aeneas

Dido and Aeneas (/ˈdaɪdoʊ/ "Dy-doh and eh-Nee-us") is a three-act English opera. The story and words were written by Nahum Tate. The music was written by Henry Purcell. The opera was probably written about 1684-1685. "Dido" is Purcell's only true opera. It was possibly modeled on John Blow's "Venus and Adonis". Blow's piece was written and staged about the same time. Marc-Antoine Charpentier's little French operas may also have served as models. French music was appreciated at the English court.

The opera was intended for performance at the court. The death of Charles II may have caused it to be postponed however. The first performance occurred in a Chelsea girls' school run by Josias Priest (the dancing master at court) in 1689. Tragedy and comedy are deftly combined in "Dido". The lovers' scenes are tense with emotion. The witches' scenes are filled with comical cackling and mischief-making.

The story of the opera is taken from Virgil's "Aeneid". It tells of the Trojan Aeneas' tragic love for Dido, the Queen of Carthage. The opera manuscript has been lost or destroyed. Research and performance rely on earliest printed copies. Some music is believed missing from these early copies. That music is composed afresh by modern composers in Purcell's style. Sometimes music Purcell composed about 1685 is inserted into the score to make up for the lack of the original music. "Dido and Aeneas" is Purcell's best known work.

The words and story (the libretto) of "Dido and Aeneas" were written by Nahum Tate. The music was written by Henry Purcell. The date for the opera's composition is usually given as 1689. This has been called into question. The work is closer to the music Purcell composed in 1684-1685. The true date of composition probably falls in the middle-1680s rather than 1689. In the middle of the decade, Josias Priest's Chelsea boarding school for young ladies performed John Blow's "Venus and Adonis". This little opera was possibly the model for Purcell's work.

The opera was probably intended for a performance at court. The death of Charles II in February 1685 may have been a reason to postpone the performance. There is no evidence that the opera was performed at court at this time. The opera was first performed in 1689 at Priest's Chelsea girls' school, rather than at court. The themes, the mythological subject, the plentiful dances, the pastoral setting, the formal concision are all indicative that it was intended for a noble audience rather than the common man. It is more likely these short forms of opera appealed to the English. They preferred song and spoken dialogue.

"Dido" may have been modeled on the little French operas of Marc-Antoine Charpentier. It may have been modeled on John Blow's "Venus and Adonis", too. "Venus" was composed and staged about the same time as "Dido". The action is carried forward in "Dido" by arioso passages. Choruses and dances are used to frame the various scenes. The intensity of emotion in the scenes for the lovers is contrasted with the grotesqueness of the witches' scenes. Comedy and tragedy are carefully balanced in "Dido". This balance reveals Purcell's sense of drama.

After 1705, the opera disappeared from the stage. Occasionally, there were concert performances. In 1895, the first staged version in modern times was performed by students of the Royal College of Music to mark the bicentenary of Purcell's death.

The story of the opera is taken from the "Aeneid" by the Roman poet Virgil. Virgil was trying to create a national epic for the Romans in the way Homer did with "The Iliad" and "The Odyssey" for the Greeks. Aeneas is the son of Venus and Anchises of Troy. He flees his home after it is sacked by the Greeks. Ahead of him lies a seven year journey to Italy. Fate has decreed he will found a new nation. Aeneas arrives in Carthage. Queen Dido is mourning her dead husband, a man to whom she swore eternal fidelity. She has fallen in love with Aeneas, and he with her.

The original manuscript does not exist. Research depends upon the earliest printed copies. Some pieces are believed missing. Sometimes music Purcell composed in the middle 1680s is put into the score to balance the loss. Sometimes the missing music is composed completely afresh in Purcell's style.

The opera's tragic outcome is hinted at almost at once in the accompaniment to the Queen's Act 1 aria. The modulation in the ground bass from C minor to G minor on the words "I languish till my grief is known" anticipates the key of Dido's lament in Act 3. Purcell uses a ground bass at other moments: Dido's two arias (Acts 1 and 2) and in the aria "Oft she visits" in Act 2. This aria references Actaeon's tragic death by his own hounds. The word "ground" suggests that which will cover Dido after her death.

 Act 1.
Act 2.

Act 3.



The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel

The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a 2011 British comedy-drama movie starring Judi Dench and Maggie Smith. It is based on the novel "These Foolish Things". John Madden is the director. This comedy-drama got very good reviews from critics. It was a box office hit. It made over $134 million worldwide.


Amiga

The Amiga was a line of personal computers that Commodore International produced during the 1980s and early 1990s. The first Amiga computer, the Amiga 1000, possessed a enabled the machine to display 4096 colors, a chip that enabled it to play back four channels of sound at once, an operating system with multitasking, and a graphical user interface at a time that these features were uncommon or not as developed as Amiga's. The Amiga is often said to have been ahead of its time. Although the Amiga did not sell well and Commodore went bankrupt, the Amiga developed a fandom and niche amongst video and graphics enthusiasts and gamers.

The Amiga was initially created by computer chip designer Jay Miner and Hi-Toro (later Amiga Corporation). In 1984, Commodore purchased Amiga Corporation. The first Amiga, the Amiga 1000, was released in 1985 after delays and marketing blunders. In 1994, Commodore declared bankruptcy.


Rate equation

The rate equation (or rate law) is an equation used to calculate the speed of a chemical reaction (or rate of reaction). For a general reaction , the rate equation is: 
Here, [A] and [B] are the concentrations of A and B. "x" and "y" depend on which step is rate-determining. If the reaction mechanism is a very simple one, where A and B hit each other and then go to products through one transition state, then "x"="a" and "y"="b". "k" is the rate constant of the reaction. This changes with temperature, pressure and other conditions. 

The rate equation is a differential equation. If it is integrated, then an equation which tells how the concentration of reagents and products changes with time is found.

In special cases, it is very easy to solve the equation and find "k". For example, in a first-order reaction the equation is:

Integrating gives:

So, a plot of formula_4 against time "t" gives a straight line with a slope of formula_5.

Sometimes, experiments can be made so that the reaction looks like a first-order one. If the concentration of one reagent is kept at the same high value then it can be thought of as a constant. The equation becomes formula_6 where k' is the pseudo-first order rate constant. Then the method above can be used to calculate k'. 

Human resources

Human resources is all the people working for a company or organization. Sometimes, human capital is used as well. This is because employees (the people that work) are a good thing for a business because they add value to it.

The economist John Commons used the term "human resource" in his 1893 book, The Distribution of Wealth, but did not develop it further. The concept of "human resources" was in use during the 1910s and 20s in the sense that workers were perceived as a type of capital asset. For the first time in the modern sense, the concept of "human resource" was used by economist Edward Bakke in his report in 1958.

Examples are teachers, etc.

It is important that human resources in a company are the best possible, because it is the workers that can make the difference. There are many factors to think about when talking of human resources:

Human resources management is the group of people within a company that takes care of human resources. They make sure every employee is happy with what they are doing. They also do recruitment (finding new people for a job).

Benjamin F. Stewart

Benjamin F. Stewart (born 1851) was a Private in the United States Army. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Indian Wars.

Benjamin Stewart was born in 1851 in Norfolk, Virginia. He served as a Private in Company E, 7th U.S. Infantry during the American Indian Wars. He received the Medal of Honor December 2, 1876 for his actions at Little Big Horn River Montana on July 9, 1876.

Rank and organization: Private, Company E, 7th U.S. Infantry. Place and date: At Big Horn River, Mont., 9 July 1876. Entered service at: ------. Birth: Norfolk, Va. Date of issue: 2 December 1876.

Citation:

Carried dispatches to Gen. Crook at imminent risk of his life.


Recruitment

Recruitment is the process of finding new people to do a job. For a company or organization, it is important to choose the right people from the beginning. This is because human resources are often a very important part of a business.

Recruitment has many different steps. First, the company needs to advertise that it has a job available. People then send an application. This usually includes a curriculum vitae, which is a summary of what a person has done until now in their life. The best applicants are selected and they come for an interview. This might also include some further tests or exercises to do. The person chosen is then given an offer of a job. Finally, they can choose to take it or not.

There are many ways of doing recruitment. Some companies go to consultants, who know where and how to find the best people. Universities and schools often have a group of people that tells the students about getting a job. At other times, a company might really want a person that is very good at a job but works for another company. They can then ask directly to this person, maybe offering more money. Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn are also sometimes used by people looking for a job.

Juliana Paes

Juliana Couto Paes (born March 26, 1979) is a Brazilian actress and former model.

Born in Rio Bonito, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Paes is of Black, Portuguese, Bolivian, indigenous Brazilian and Spanish descent. She is the oldest child of Regina and Carlos Henrique Paes. She has three siblings: Mariana, Rosana, and Carlos Henrique Jr.


Todd Bridges

Todd Bridges (born May 27, 1965) is an American actor who was known for his role as Willis Jackson in the hit comedy show "Diff'rent Strokes". He is also known for his roles in "Everybody Hates Chris" and "". 

Bridges was born on May 27, 1965 in San Francisco, California. He was first married to Dori Bridges from 1998-2012 and they divorced. In 2022 he married Bettijo Hirschi. He has two children. His son Spencir Bridges (born 1998) is an actor and his daughter Bo J. Rushing (born 1996).


Dana Plato

Dana Michelle Plato (November 7, 1964 – May 8, 1999) was an American actress who was known for her role as Kimberly Drummond in the hit comedy show "Diff'rent Strokes". After the show ended, her career went down and later posed for "Playboy" and committed robbery. 

Plato was born Dana Michelle Strain on November 7, 1964 in Maywood, California. She was adopted by Dean and Florine Plato and she legally changed her name from Strain to Plato. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. Plato was married to Lanny Lambert from 1984 until they divorced in 1990. They had one son, Tyler Lambert. Plato committed suicide when she had an overdose from pills in her home in Moore, Oklahoma, aged 34.


The Secret Meeting

The Secret Meeting is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It dates to 1771-1773. Fragonard was hired to paint a series of panels for the chateau at Louveciennes, the home of Madame du Barry. His theme was "The Progress of Love". It is the companion piece to "The Lover Crowned". It hangs in the Frick Museum, New York.

The Lover Crowned

The Lover Crowned is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. In 1771, Fragonard was hired to paint a series of panels for the chateau at Louveciennes, the home of Madame du Barry. His theme was "The Progress of Love". "The Lover Crowned" is the companion piece to "The Secret Meeting". The picture hangs in the Frick Collection, New York. 

John Vanbrugh

Sir John Vanbrugh (1664-1726) was an English writer, dramatist and architect.

His main literary works include "The Relapse" (1696), "The Provok'd Wife" (1697), "The Country House" (1703), "The Confederacy" (1705) and "The Provok'd Husband" (left incomplete and later completed by Colley Cibber in 1728).

As an architect, Vanbrugh designed some famous buildings like Castle Howard, Blenheim Palace and the original Haymarket Theatre.

Seto Inland Sea

Seto Inland Sea is a sea surrounded by the Japanese islands of Honshu, Kyushu and Shikoku.


Geophone

A geophone is a device for measuring earthquakes. They function by converting movement into voltage to be recorded at a station.


Asakura, Fukuoka

Ancient artifacts and agricultural tools have been found at Asakura. These finds date to the Yayoi period and the Kofun period (300 BC-538 AD).

In 660-661, the town of Asakura was briefly the capital of Japan when Empress Saimei moved her court to "Asakura no Tachibana no Hironiwa" Palace or "Asakure no Tachibana no Hironiwa-no-miya".

In 2006, the town merged with the former city of Amagi and the town of Haki. A new city named Asakura was formed.


Schist

The schists are a group of metamorphic rocks which have lamellar (plate-like) minerals, such as micas, chlorite, talc, hornblende, graphite, and others. Quartz often occurs in drawn-out grains so that a form called quartz schist is produced. By definition, schist contains more than 50% platy and elongated minerals, often finely interleaved with quartz and feldspar. Schist often contains garnets.

The individual mineral grains in schist, drawn out into flaky scales by heat and pressure, can be seen by the naked eye. Schist is characteristically "foliated", (~leaf-like) meaning the mineral grains split off easily into flakes or slabs. The word "schist" is derived from the Greek word "σχίζειν schíxein" meaning "to split". This refers to the ease with which schists can be split along the plane in which the platy minerals lie.

Most schists have been derived from clays and muds which have passed through a series of metamorphic processes involving the production of shales, slates and phyllites as intermediate steps. Certain schists have been derived from fine-grained igneous rocks such as basalts and tuffs. Most schists are mica schists, but graphite and chlorite schists are also common. 

Schists are named after their mineral constituents, such as garnet schist, tourmaline schist, glaucophane schist, etc. 

Schists are frequently used as dimension stone. Dimension stone is stone that has been selected and cut to specific shapes or sizes.

Ghost in the Machine

The "Ghost in the Machine" is a metaphor in philosophy. The philosopher Gilbert Ryle called mind the "Ghost in the Machine", and the idea that it was separate from the brain was the mistaken "official doctrine".

Ryle was referring to René Descartes' mind-body dualism. In dualist systems like Descartes', mental activity carries on in parallel to physical action, but the means of interaction are unknown or speculative. Ryle thought this was absurd, and as a kind of error which he called a "category mistake". It is like saying something like "cars move by motive spirit".

Helen Jacobs

Helen Hull Jacobs (August 6, 1908 - June 2, 1997, Globe, Arizona) was an American tennis player. She was a former number 1 ranked player. Jacobs won the championship at Wimbledon in 1936. She won a total of 10 Grand Slam titles. Jacobs won the US National championship in singles (1932-1935), doubles (1932, 1934-35) and mixed doubles (1934). She is best known for her rivalry with Helen Wills Moody.

William Troy

William Troy (1848–March 8, 1907) entered Service in the US Navy from Massachusetts as a United States Navy sailor. For bravery in action during the 1871 Korean Expedition he received the Medal of Honor on June 11, 1871. He was part of the party that rescued the mortally wounded Hugh McKee at Citadel Korea and was himself wounded and specifically commended by the Lieutenant.

Troy is buried in the Stockton State Hospital Cemetery in Stockton, California. A monument in his honor stands at the San Joaquin National Cemetery in Gustine, California. According to the San Joaquin National Cemetery's Website he is buried there, not at the state hospital in Stockton, in Section M-1, Grave 53.

Rank and organization: Ordinary Seaman, U.S. Navy. Born: 1848, Boston, Mass. Accredited to: Massachusetts. G.O. No.: 169, February 8, 1872.

Citation:
On board the U.S.S. Colorado during the capture of the Korean forts, 11 June 1871. Fighting at the side of Lt. McKee, by whom he was especially commended, Troy was badly wounded by the enemy.


Royal Rumble (2000)

The Royal Rumble 2000 was the 22nd Royal Rumble, which Dwayne Johnson (better known as "The Rock") won. At the end of the rumble, The Rock and The Big Show were left. Big Show was about to throw The Rock out, but then Rock reversed the move and threw the Big Show out to win. Big Show proved that The Rock hit the ground first however it could not be arranged again because WrestleMania was in one month, so the Rock remained as the winner. After that, Show hit The Rock because of frustration.

James F. Merton

James F. Merton (born 1843) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition in 1871. Landsman Merton was severely wounded during the seizure of the forts.

Rank and organization: Landsman, U.S. Navy. Birth: England. G.O. No.: 180, October 10, 1872.

Citation:

Landsman and member of Company D during the capture of the Korean forts, 9 and 10 June 1871, Merton was severely wounded in the arm while trying to force his way into the fort.


Jaipurhat District

Joypurhat () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Naogaon District

Naogaon (, ) is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Nawabganj District

Nawabganj () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Garum

Garum was a fermented fish sauce used in ancient Greece, Rome, and Byzantium. It was made from the intestines of small fishes by bacterial fermentation.

The House of Cards

The House of Cards is an oil painting by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It was painted about 1737. It measures 60 cm x 72 cm (23.62 in x 28.35 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery, London. Chardin painted scenes that found favor with all classes of Parisian society.

The See-Saw

The See-Saw is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1755. It measures 46 x 36 in. It hangs in the Fundación Colección Thyssen-Bornemisza, Madrid. It is the companion piece to "Blind Man's Bluff". 

Blind Man's Bluff

Blind Man's Bluff is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1755-1756. It measures 46 x 36 in. It hangs in the Toledo Museum of Art. It is the companion piece to "The See-Saw". 

The Bathers

The Bathers is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It may have been painted in around 1765. It hangs in the Louvre. 

A Visit to the Nursery

A Visit to the Nursery is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1775. It measures . It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC. Fragonard is usually remembered for his mildly erotic works. After his marriage in 1769, he painted family life. 

Mini CD

A Mini CD is a Compact disc that is of smaller size, usually 8 cm, instead of 12 cm, for "regular" CDs. These CDs can hold less data, about 210 Megabytes, or 24 minutes of music. There is also a version which can only hold 155 MB of data, or 18 minutes of music. Mini Cds also come in the shape and size of a business card, these can hold between 10 and 100 MB of data.

Tollund Man

The Tollund Man is the name for a mummy which was found in Denmark, in the 1950s. The man lived in the 4th century BC, in what is known as the "Pre-Roman Iron Age". The head and face were so wll-preserved that he was mistaken at the time of discovery for a recent murder victim. Twelve years before the discovery of Tollund Man, another bog body, was discovered in the same bog.

Below the body was a thin layer of moss. Scientists know that this moss was formed in Danish peat bogs in the early Iron Age, therefore, the body was suspected to have been placed in the bog more than 2,000 years ago during the early Iron Age. C radiocarbon dating was performed: It indicated that he died in approximately 375-210 BC. The acid in the peat, along with the lack of oxygen underneath the surface, had preserved the delicate soft tissues of his body.

Examinations and X-rays showed that the man's head was undamaged, and his heart, lungs and liver were well preserved. The Silkeborg Museum estimated that he must have been approximately 40 years old, and about tall, at the time of his death. This means he was relatively small, even for the time. It is likely that the body had shrunk in the bog.

On the first autopsy report in 1950, doctors concluded that Tollund Man died by hanging rather than strangulation. The rope left visible marks in the skin beneath his chin and at the sides of his neck. There was no mark, however, at the back of the neck where the knot of the noose would have been located. After a re-examination in 2002, forensic scientists found more evidence to support these findings. Although the cervical vertebrae were undamaged (as they often are in hanging victims), radiography showed that the tongue was distended—an indication of death by hanging.

The stomach and intestines were examined and tests carried out on their contents. The scientists discovered that the man's
last meal had been a kind of porridge made from vegetables and seeds, both cultivated and wild: barley, linseed, gold of pleasure ("Camelina sativa"), knotweed, bristlegrass, and chamomile.

There were no traces of meat in the man's digestive system, and from the stage of digestion it was apparent that the man had lived for 12 to 24 hours after this last meal. In other words, he may not have eaten for up to a day before his death. Although similar vegetable soups were not unusual for people of this time, two interesting things were noted:

Bog bodies dry up and decompose rapidly, when they are taken out of the bog. Because of the facial expression, and the general state of the head, the decision was taken to expose the body. At the time, the head was preserved using Polyethylene glycol, the only material available. This method did not permit to preserve the body; it dried up and decayed. Today, the head is attached to a copy of the body. Both feet and the right thumb were also in a good state of preservation when the body was found in the 1950s. For this reason, they were kept in formaldehyde for analysis later. In 1976, the Danish Police Force made a finger-print analysis, making Tollund Man's thumb print one of the oldest finger-prints on record. Tollund Man is exposed in the Silkeborg Museum.

It is likely that he was a sacrifice, as an iron neck ring was found around his neck, which was commonly used as an offering.

Elmelindo Smith

Sergeant First Class Elmelindo Rodrigues Smith (July 27, 1935 – February 16, 1967) was born in Wahiawa, Hawaii. He was a United States Army soldier of Hispanic-Asian descent, who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War. Despite being severely wounded, Smith inspired his men to beat back an enemy assault.

Smith was an American of Hispanic/Asian-Pacific American descent (his Hispanic blood being precisely of Puerto Rican origin). He was born in the town of Wahiawā which is in the center of Oahu Island in the County of Honolulu. There he received his primary and secondary education. He joined the United States Army in 1953 and was stationed in various countries overseas, among them was Okinawa.

During his stay in Okinawa, he met a Hawaiian born WAC by the name of Jane and soon they were married. They established their home in a military post in Tacoma, Washington and had two daughters.

On July 23, 1966, Smith was sent to the Republic of Vietnam and served as Platoon Sergeant of the 1st Platoon, Company C, 2d Battalion, 8th Infantry of the 4th Infantry Division. The division performed combat operations in the western Central Highlands along the border between Cambodia and Vietnam. The division experienced heavy combat against North Vietnamese Army (NVA) regular forces in the mountains surrounding an area called Kontum.

On February 16, 1967, Sergeant Rodrigues Smith was leading his platoon in a reconnaissance patrol, when suddenly it came under attack. NVA forces attacked the patrol with machine gun, mortar and rocket fire. Despite the fact that he was wounded, he coordinated a counterattack by positioning his men and distributing ammunition. He was struck by a rocket, but continued to expose himself in order to direct his men's fire upon the approaching enemy. Even though he died from his wounds, his actions resulted in the defeat of the enemy.

For his actions, he was recommended for the Medal of Honor. The family received the medal from the hands of Secretary of the Army Stanley R. Resor because President Lyndon B. Johnson was ill at the time. However, after the ceremony, which was held at the White House, the family which included his widow Jane and two daughters, Kathleen 10 and Pamela 6, were taken to President Johnson's bedroom.

Citation:

Sergeant First Class Elmelindo Rodrigues Smith's remains were buried with full military honors in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu, Hawaii. His name is inscribed in the Vietnam War Memorial in Washington, D.C. in Panel 15E – Row 051.



Madame du Barry

Jeanne Bécu, Countess of Barry (19 August 1743 – 8 December 1793) was the last mistress of King Louis XV of France. She was one of the victims of the Reign of Terror.

Jeanne Bécu was born in Lorraine, France. Her mother was Anne Bécu, who was a seamstress. Jeanne Bécu was an illegitimate child, and her father is not known. Some people say her father was Jean Jacques Gomard, a friar known as "frère Ange".

Jeanne Bécu was educated at a convent called Couvent de Saint-Aure. When she was 15 years old, she left the convent. She and her mother moved to Paris, where Jeanne sold small items on the streets. Jeanne was a very beautiful, blonde-haired woman, and was later found by Jean-Baptiste du Barry, who owned a casino and trained women to be courtesans. Jean-Baptiste du Barry made Jeanne his mistress.

As time passed, Jeanne became well-known with powerful people in the Kingdom of France. She had many clients in the king's court. The king soon noticed her and had her brought to his bedroom many times. Since she was a commoner and did not have a royal title, she could not be a "maîtresse-en-titre" (official mistress). The king was worried what people would think of him being with a commoner, so the king ordered that Jeanne be married to a man who had a noble title. 

On 1 September 1768, Jeanne was married to Jean-Baptiste du Barry's brother, Comte Guillaume du Barry. After the wedding, Jeanne was made Louis XV's official mistress. She lived in a small room above the king's room. Jeanne was very lonely since some people still considered her a commoner.

Jeanne died at the age of 50 due to execution made by supporters of the French Revolution, a time where the common people were against people of the royalty. She is buried at the Madeleine Cemetery.

Linda Lovelace

Linda Lovelace (January 10, 1949 – April 22, 2002) was an American pornographic actress best known for her starring role in 1972 movie "Deep Throat". She was born Linda Susan Boreman in the Bronx, New York City. 

She was married to Chuck Traynor (1937-2002) from 1971 until 1973; he frequently used violence against her. In 1974 she married Larry Marchiano. She had two children with him. They divorced in 1996. In 1980 "Ordeal" was published. It was a book Lovelace wrote about being a porn actress. She moved to Colorado in 1990. She died in Denver on April 22, 2002 of injuries sustained in a road accident on April 3, 2002. The biopic "Lovelace" is about her.

Division of Parramatta

The Division of Parramatta is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. The division was created in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the locality of Parramatta. The name "Parramatta" is an Aboriginal word for "the place where the eels lie down". 

The division is in the western suburbs of Sydney. It includes Constitution Hill, Dundas Valley, Granville, Harris Park, Holroyd, Mays Hill, North Parramatta, Oatlands, Old Toongabbie, Parramatta, Rosehill, Rydalmere, Telopea, Wentworthville, Westmead and parts of Dundas, Ermington, Guildford, Merrylands, Merrylands West, Northmead, North Rocks, Pendle Hill, South Granville and South Wentworthville.

The division lies between Labor voting areas of western Sydney and the Liberal areas on the North Shore. Because of this, any change to the boundary can change the political balance in the seat. For example, in the 2006 boundary change, Parramatta shifted from marginally Labor to marginally Liberal (as defined by the Australian Electoral Commission). Nevertheless, as was expected Julie Owens held the seat for the ALP with an increased majority.

From 1901 to 1921 the Division was represented by Sir Joseph Cook who was the Prime Minister of Australia from 1913-14. There have been several by-elections for Parramatta when the members have resigned. In 1921 Cook resigned to became Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, in 1958 Beale resigned to become Australian Ambassador to the United States, in 1964 Barwick resigned to become Chief Justice of the High Court, Bowen resigned in 1973 to become a judge in the NSW Court of Appeal.



Harborne

Harborne is an area of Birmingham in the West Midlands, England. It is west of the centre of Birmingham.

Humboldt-University of Berlin

The Humboldt-University of Berlin () is Berlin's first public university. It was founded by Wilhelm von Humboldt. He was the German Minister of Education at the time. Von Humboldt organized Germany's system of education which is still used today. The first building was donated by Frederick William III of Prussia. The University opened its doors in 1810 as the University of Berlin. 

At the time of its founding in 1810, there was pressure to make the new university both practical and industrial. Von Humboldt wanted it to be a center for the pursuit of truth in learning. In the end, he won out. The University was set up under his principles. In 1828 it was formally renamed the Frederick-William University. The university was named in honor of the reigning monarch, Frederick William III of Prussia. The university offered the traditional faculties of law, medicine, theology, and philosophy. Emperor William made several establishments at the University. One of these was the professorship of "American History". It is now called the "Theodore Roosevelt professorship". It required the position be filled by an American professor who must lecture in German. In an interview with then president Butler of Columbia University, a second professorship in Berlin was established with a lectures in English taught by a German professor.

From 1933 to 1945, under Nazism, the university lost many of its Jewish scholars and students. Some were killed. On May 10, 1933 many university books were burned. Before World War II Humboldt was still the major university in Berlin. After the war the university was greatly weakened. It reopened in January 1946. It was in the Soviet sector of Berlin. Many students and faculty wanted to continue their education free of communist government control. With the help of the US Army and donations from the United States government, the Free University of Berlin was established in 1948 in West Berlin. 

In 1949 the university was given its present name, Humboldt-University of Berlin (), to honor the brothers Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt. The university underwent a number of changes by the government of East Berlin in the 1950s. But it regained its importance as a major center of learning.

The university got its start reflecting the principles of the great educational reformer Wilhelm von Humboldt. It pioneered many new academic disciplines. In spite of its problems in the 20th century, the university has returned to its founding principles. There are 260 degree courses offered. The university has an academic staff of about 2,170 and 35,000 students. it is currently ranked 80th among the world's universities. It has been informally called "Berlin University" throughout its history. Also, informally, the "University of Linden" () after its location.

German Football Association

The German Football Association () is the association that governs football in Germany. It was one of the founding members of both FIFA and UEFA. It is in charge of the men's and women's national teams. The association was started on 28 January 1900 in Leipzig. Its headquarters are now based in Frankfurt.

2013 Football League Cup Final

The 2013 Football League Cup Final is a football match between Bradford City and Swansea City, which will take place on 24 February 2013 at Wembley Stadium, London. It is the final match of the 2012–13 Football League Cup, the 53rd season of the Football League Cup, a football competition for the 92 teams in the Premier League and the Football League. The winner of the Football League Cup will enter the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League in the third qualifying round.

2052: A Global Forecast for the Next Forty Years

2052: A Global Forecast for the Next Forty Years is a description of trends in global development by Jørgen Randers. It is a follow-up of "The Limits to Growth" which in 1972 was the first known worldwide report to the Club of Rome.

There are three differences from the previous report. First, it does not describe a disaster scenario, but shows only trends. Secondly, it is to be read in the light of experience since 1972, namely, that all of humanity has responded to the report, but with a delay of 20 to 40 years. Thirdly, it offers not only future scenarios, it makes concrete proposals on how the individual should respond to emerging developments.

Randers's reflections are based on two central questions: "What will happen to the consumer over the next 40 years?" and "Under what conditions - in which social and natural environment - this future consumption will take place?" He uses computer models to make sure feedback effects are not overlooked.

The population will decline from about 2040. The working population will peak around 2030. Productivity will grow, but there will be obstacles. The gross domestic product will grow, but more slowly. Investments - forced and voluntary - will increase. There will be new costs. Costs for adaptation to the new climate and for fixing disasters will explode. The state will become more involved. Consumption will stagnate and go down in some places.

The energy efficiency will continue to grow. Energy demand is expected to rise, but not for ever. CO emissions from energy consumption will be greatest in 2030. The temperature will rise by more than two degrees, and that will cause serious problems.

The race for natural resources will be hard, the biocapacity of the world will be used more and more. The cities will become richer sources of raw materials for metal than the mineral deposits in nature (urban mining). In the same way that zoos have already become the last refuge for many endangered species, parks will take over this role for nature in general.

Randers argues the global gross domestic product will not increase as it has in the past because of population decline, and general aging and declining productivity growth.

The Internet will give rise to a completely new understanding of private and public. Knowledge will not be a scarce resource any more, but that will not lead to more rational decisions in most cases, because knowledge on its own is not sufficient to change behavior when strong interests are involved. Therefore, probably there will be needed a "green team" to enforce environmental behavior, like today, the peacekeeping forces (blue berets).


Alkyne

An alkyne is a molecule that has a triple bond between two carbon atoms. They have general formula CH. They are also called acetylenes. The smallest alkyne is acetylene, also called ethyne. Alkynes are hydrophobic: this means they dissolve well in organic solvents but not in water.

Alkynes are more reactive than usual hydrocarbons. For example, they are more reactive than alkenes in many reactions. If the alkyne is at the end of a molecule, it is easy to remove the proton with a strong base. Then, the alkyne can be used in addition reactions. For example, it can be added to a ketone. Alkynes are also easy to reduce to double bonds. They can be made into both "trans" and "cis" double bonds. Alkynes are also used a lot in pericyclic reactions.

Alkynes have a 180 degrees angle between the two carbon atoms. For this reason, they do not like to be in a cyclic compound. Some examples of alkynes are shown below.

Here is the list of the the first 10 Alkynes:

Carboxylic acid

A carboxylic acid is any molecule that has a COOH group. This group contains a carbonyl (C=O double bond) together with an hydroxyl group (OH) on the same carbon atom. Because it is easy to remove the proton with even a weak base, these compounds are called acids. An example of a carboxylic acid is Acetic acid, which is also known as vinegar.

Carboxylic acids are found a lot in food. Many types of fat molecules are actually carboxylic acids. For example, chocolate and coconuts have these acids. They are also used a lot in soaps and detergents.

The smaller carboxylic acids dissolve in water. The bigger ones dissolve only in organic solvents.

This section lists the first few carboxylic acids.

Epoxide

In organic chemistry, an epoxide is a molecule that has a ring with at least three atoms in total, two carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. These three atoms are bonded, or stuck together, in a small ring. The ring of atoms is shaped like a triangle, with all edges of the same length. Because of this small ring, an epoxide is very reactive. 

Epoxides can be made by oxidation of alkenes. There are many ways to do this. Usually, a peroxide is used. Some ways can even make only one enantiomer of the epoxide.

Epoxides like to react with nucleophiles. Usually, when an epoxide reacts with a nucleophile, the first thing it does is break one of its chemical bonds between the oxygen atom and the carbon atom. This makes the triangular ring pop open. With the ring open, the nucleophile gets stuck onto one of the carbon atoms. On the other carbon, the left over oxygen attaches to a hydrogen atom, turning into an alcohol. This is very useful, because it is easy to change an alcohol into many other functional groups.

Epoxides are useful because with them very complicated molecules can be made quickly. Epoxides are extremely useful for making many other compounds. That is because oxygen, which is in an epoxide, is such a great functional group. Once you have made an epoxide, you can make alcohols, ethers, and halohydrins, among other things.

Max Dugan Returns

Max Dugan Returns is a 1983 American comedy-drama movie. It stars Jason Robards as Max Dugan, Marsha Mason as his daughter Nora, Donald Sutherland, Kiefer Sutherland, and Matthew Broderick as grandson Michael. This was the first movie appearance for both Broderick and Kiefer Sutherland. This was the last Neil Simon movie directed by Herbert Ross. It was also the last Simon movie starring Mason (Simon's wife at the time).

Max Dugan (Robards), the long-lost father of Nora McPhee (Mason), visits her. She is having several problems. He brings some promises and the news that he is going to die soon. He also meets and makes friends with his grandson Michael (Broderick). Donald Sutherland plays the police officer who helps Nora after her car is stolen and becomes her boyfriend in the process.

Former professional baseball player Charley Lau appears as himself. His character is hired by Dugan to coach Michael to hit better for his little league team.

10th Ward of New Orleans

The 10th Ward is a division of the city of New Orleans, Louisiana. It is one of the 17 Wards of New Orleans.

The 10th Ward is one of the city's Uptown wards, formerly the old Faubourg Lafayette annexed by New Orleans in 1850s.
The roughly wedge-shaped Ward stretches back from the Mississippi River. The lower boundary is Felicity Street, across which is the 1st Ward, then Martin Luther King Boulevard (formerly Melpomene Street), across which is the 2nd Ward. The upper boundary is First Street, across which lies the 11th Ward. 

Near the river the Ward includes part of the Lower Garden District and the former location of America's first experiment with large-scale public housing, started here in 1937, when, as part of the New Deal, President Roosevelt signed the loan to commence construction of the St. Thomas Housing Project. In Central City it includes the Oretha Castle Haley commercial district. 

The 10th Ward has been home to such notables as jazz musicians Buddy Bolden and George Brunies.

George Washington Cable House

The George Washington Cable House is a cottage at 1313 8th Street in the Garden District of New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the home of George Washington Cable (1844–1925), an American novelist who wrote of Creole life, during the period in which he rose to national prominence.

He lived in this home during 1874-1884. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1962.

Gallier House

Gallier House, also known as James Gallier, Jr., House was the home of American architect James Gallier, Jr. in New Orleans, Louisiana. Gallier designed the house himself. It is located on Royal Street in the French Quarter section of the city.

It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.

Gallier House now houses a museum, with the interior restored and furnished in the style of the 1850s.


Gland, Yonne

Gland is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Grandchamp, Yonne

Grandchamp is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Grimault

Grimault is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gron, Yonne

Gron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Guerchy

Guerchy is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Guillon, Yonne

Guillon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Gurgy

Gurgy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gy-l'Évêque

Gy-l'Évêque is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Hauterive, Yonne

Hauterive is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Héry, Yonne

Héry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Irancy

Irancy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Island, Yonne

Island is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


L'Isle-sur-Serein

L'Isle-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jaulges

Jaulges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Joigny

Joigny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jouancy

Jouancy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Joux-la-Ville

Joux-la-Ville is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jouy, Yonne

Jouy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jully

Jully is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Junay

Junay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jussy, Yonne

Jussy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. The people who live in Jussy are called "Jussiens".


Laduz

Laduz is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Lailly

Lailly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lain, Yonne

Lain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lainsecq

Lainsecq is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lalande, Yonne

Lalande is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Laroche-Saint-Cydroine

Laroche-Saint-Cydroine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lasson, Yonne

Lasson is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lavau, Yonne

Lavau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Précy-sur-Vrin

Précy-sur-Vrin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Prégilbert

Prégilbert is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Préhy

Préhy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Provency

Provency is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Prunoy

Prunoy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Quarré-les-Tombes

Quarré-les-Tombes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Quenne

Quenne is a French "commune", or small town. It is in the Yonne department, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, in the center of France.


Leugny, Yonne

Leugny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Levis, Yonne

Levis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lézinnes

Lézinnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lichères-près-Aigremont

Lichères-près-Aigremont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lichères-sur-Yonne

Lichères-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lignorelles

Lignorelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ligny-le-Châtel

Ligny-le-Châtel is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lindry

Lindry is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Lixy

Lixy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Looze

Looze is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lucy-le-Bois

Lucy-le-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lucy-sur-Cure

Lucy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lucy-sur-Yonne

Lucy-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Magny, Yonne

Magny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Maillot, Yonne

Maillot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mailly-la-Ville

Mailly-la-Ville is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mailly-le-Château

Mailly-le-Château is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Malay-le-Grand

Malay-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Malay-le-Petit

Malay-le-Petit is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Malicorne, Yonne

Malicorne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Maligny, Yonne

Maligny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Marchais-Beton

Marchais-Beton is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Quincerot, Yonne

Quincerot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Marmeaux

Marmeaux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Marsangy

Marsangy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Massangis

Massangis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mélisey, Yonne

Mélisey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Menades

Menades is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mercy, Yonne

Mercy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Méré, Yonne

Méré is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Merry-la-Vallée

Merry-la-Vallée is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Merry-Sec

Merry-Sec is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Merry-sur-Yonne

Merry-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Moulins-sur-Ouanne

Moulins-sur-Ouanne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Moulins-en-Tonnerrois

Moulins-en-Tonnerrois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mouffy

Mouffy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mont-Saint-Sulpice

Mont-Saint-Sulpice is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Montréal, Yonne

Montréal is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Montillot

Montillot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mézilles

Mézilles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Michery

Michery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Migé

Migé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Migennes

Migennes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ravières

Ravières is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Roffey, Yonne

Roffey is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rogny-les-Sept-Écluses

Rogny-les-Sept-Écluses is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Montigny-la-Resle

Montigny-la-Resle is a commune in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Môlay

Môlay is a commune in the Yonne department of France.


Moutiers-en-Puisaye

Moutiers-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Nailly

Nailly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Neuilly, Yonne

Neuilly is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Montacher-Villegardin

Montacher-Villegardin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Monéteau

Monéteau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Molosmes

Molosmes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Molinons

Molinons is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Molesmes

Molesmes is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Les Hauts de Forterre.


Neuvy-Sautour

Neuvy-Sautour is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Nitry

Nitry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Noé, Yonne

Noé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Noyers, Yonne

Noyers is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Nuits

Nuits is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-Saint-Benoît

Villiers-Saint-Benoît is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-Louis

Villiers-Louis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-les-Hauts

Villiers-les-Hauts is a commune in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villevallier

Villevallier is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Les Ormes, Yonne

Les Ormes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ormoy, Yonne

Ormoy is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ouanne

Ouanne is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pacy-sur-Armançon

Pacy-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pailly, Yonne

Pailly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Parly

Parly is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Paron

Paron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Paroy-en-Othe

Paroy-en-Othe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Paroy-sur-Tholon

Paroy-sur-Tholon is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Pasilly

Pasilly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Passy, Yonne

Passy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Perceneige

Perceneige is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Percey

Percey is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Perreux, Yonne

Perreux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Perrigny, Yonne

Perrigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ronchères, Yonne

Ronchères is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rousson, Yonne

Rousson is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rouvray, Yonne

Rouvray is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rugny

Rugny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sacy, Yonne

Sacy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Vermenton.


Sainpuits

Sainpuits is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Agnan, Yonne

Saint-Agnan is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-André-en-Terre-Plaine

Saint-André-en-Terre-Plaine is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Aubin-Château-Neuf

Saint-Aubin-Château-Neuf is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Le Val-d'Ocre.


Saint-Aubin-sur-Yonne

Saint-Aubin-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Brancher

Saint-Brancher is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Bris-le-Vineux

Saint-Bris-le-Vineux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Clément, Yonne

Saint-Clément is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Cyr-les-Colons

Saint-Cyr-les-Colons is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Denis-lès-Sens

Saint-Denis-lès-Sens is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Denis-sur-Ouanne

Saint-Denis-sur-Ouanne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Sainte-Colombe, Yonne

Sainte-Colombe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing

Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Treigny-Perreuse-Sainte-Colombe.


Sainte-Magnance

Sainte-Magnance is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sainte-Pallaye

Sainte-Pallaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sainte-Vertu

Sainte-Vertu is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Fargeau

Saint-Fargeau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Florentin, Yonne

Saint-Florentin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Georges-sur-Baulche

Saint-Georges-sur-Baulche is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Germain-des-Champs

Saint-Germain-des-Champs is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Julien-du-Sault

Saint-Julien-du-Sault is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Léger-Vauban

Saint-Léger-Vauban is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Loup-d'Ordon

Saint-Loup-d'Ordon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-des-Champs, Yonne

Saint-Martin-des-Champs is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-d'Ordon

Saint-Martin-d'Ordon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-du-Tertre, Yonne

Saint-Martin-du-Tertre is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-sur-Armançon

Saint-Martin-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-sur-Ocre, Yonne

Saint-Martin-sur-Ocre is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Le Val-d'Ocre.

Saint-Martin-sur-Ouanne

Saint-Martin-sur-Ouanne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Saint-Maurice-aux-Riches-Hommes

Saint-Maurice-aux-Riches-Hommes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Maurice-le-Vieil

Saint-Maurice-le-Vieil is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Maurice-Thizouaille

Saint-Maurice-Thizouaille is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica (2011)

The National Stadium of Costa Rica () is a multi-purpose stadium. It is mostly used for football matches. The stadium is in San José, Costa Rica. It is the largest stadium in Costa Rica and one of the largest in Central America. It holds about 35,000 people. It is the home ground of the Costa Rica national football team.
The stadium was opened in 2011. It was built in the same place where the old national stadium (built in 1924) was located.

The stadium is the only venue of the 2013 Copa Centroamericana.

Saint-Moré

Saint-Moré is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Privé, Yonne

Saint-Privé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villethierry

Villethierry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeroy, Yonne

Villeroy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Romain-le-Preux

Saint-Romain-le-Preux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sépeaux-Saint-Romain.


Saints-en-Puisaye

Saints-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Sauveur-en-Puisaye

Saint-Sauveur-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Sérotin

Saint-Sérotin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Valérien, Yonne

Saint-Valérien is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saligny, Yonne

Saligny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sambourg

Sambourg is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Santigny

Santigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sarry, Yonne

Sarry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sauvigny-le-Beuréal

Sauvigny-le-Beuréal is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sauvigny-le-Bois

Sauvigny-le-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Savigny-en-Terre-Plaine

Savigny-en-Terre-Plaine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeperrot

Villeperrot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-sur-Yonne

Villeneuve-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-Saint-Salves

Villeneuve-Saint-Salves is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-les-Genêts

Villeneuve-les-Genêts is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-l'Archevêque

Villeneuve-l'Archevêque is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-la-Guyard

Villeneuve-la-Guyard is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-la-Dondagre

Villeneuve-la-Dondagre is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villenavotte

Villenavotte is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villemer, Yonne

Villemer is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Savigny-sur-Clairis

Savigny-sur-Clairis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villemanoche

Villemanoche is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sceaux, Yonne

Sceaux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Seignelay

Seignelay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sementron

Sementron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Senan, Yonne

Senan is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sennevoy-le-Bas

Sennevoy-le-Bas is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sennevoy-le-Haut

Sennevoy-le-Haut is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sens

Sens is a French commune. It is in the north of the Yonne department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, to the southeast of Paris, and is a subprefecture in the department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Sens.

Sens is the second "commune" of the department by its population, after Auxerre, prefecture of the department.

The city of Sens is in the northern part of the Yonne department, in the northwest of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region and bordered by three other regions: Île-de-France, Grand Est and Centre-Val de Loire. It is in the valley of the Yonne river.

The "commune" of Sens has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Two rivers flow through the "commune":

The city of Sens is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for Sens is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Sens are known, in French, as "Sénonais" (women: "Sénonaises").

With a population of 25,507, Sens has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Sens

Sens is a subprefecture of the Yonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Sens and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Sénonais" ().

Sens is twinned with:


Some interesting places in Sens are:



Sépeaux

Sépeaux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sépeaux-Saint-Romain.


Jack Lew

Jacob Joseph "Jack" Lew (born August 29, 1955) is an American politician, lawyer and diplomat who has been the U.S. Ambassador to Israel since 2023. He was the 76th Secretary of the Treasury from 2013 to 2017. He was also the 25th White House Chief of Staff from 2012 to 2013. Lew previously was Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Clinton and Obama Administrations. He is a member of the Democratic party.

On January 10, 2013, Lew was nominated to become United States Secretary of the Treasury during Obama's second term replacing Timothy Geithner, who retired. He was confirmed for being the next secretary of the treasury by the United States Senate on February 27, 2013.

On September 5, 2023, President Joe Biden announced his intent to nominate Lew to serve as United States ambassador to Israel. On October 31, 2023, Lew was confirmed as Ambassador to Israel by a vote of 53 to 43 along party lines, with only Republican Senators Rand Paul and Lindsey Graham voting to approve his nomination.


Serbonnes

Serbonnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sergines

Sergines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sermizelles

Sermizelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Serrigny

Serrigny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sery, Yonne

Sery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Les Sièges

Les Sièges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sommecaise

Sommecaise is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sormery

Sormery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Soucy, Yonne

Soucy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sougères-en-Puisaye

Sougères-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Soumaintrain

Soumaintrain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Stigny

Stigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Subligny, Yonne

Subligny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Taingy

Taingy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Les Hauts de Forterre.


Talcy, Yonne

Talcy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Val-de-Mercy

Val-de-Mercy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tanlay

Tanlay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tannerre-en-Puisaye

Tannerre-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tharoiseau

Tharoiseau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tharot

Tharot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Theil-sur-Vanne

Theil-sur-Vanne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne.


Thizy, Yonne

Thizy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thorey

Thorey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thorigny-sur-Oreuse

Thorigny-sur-Oreuse is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thory, Yonne

Thory is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thury, Yonne

Thury is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tissey

Tissey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tonnerre

Tonnerre is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Toucy

Toucy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Treigny

Treigny is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Treigny-Perreuse-Sainte-Colombe.


Trévilly

Trévilly is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Lists of communes of France

The following lists give the communes of France within each department:

Overseas departments ("département d'outre-mer" or "DOM"):

Overseas collectivities ("collectivité d'outre-mer" or "COM"):


Trichey

Trichey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tronchoy

Tronchoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Trucy-sur-Yonne

Trucy-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Turny

Turny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vallan

Vallan is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vallery

Vallery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vareilles, Yonne

Vareilles is a former commune in the Yonne department in the centre of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne.


Varennes, Yonne

Varennes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vassy-sous-Pisy

Vassy-sous-Pisy (before 2010: "Vassy") is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vaudeurs

Vaudeurs is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vault-de-Lugny

Vault-de-Lugny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vaumort

Vaumort is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Venizy

Venizy is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Venouse

Venouse is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Venoy

Venoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vergigny

Vergigny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Verlin

Verlin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vermenton

Vermenton is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Sacy was merged into Vermenton.


Vernoy

Vernoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Véron

Véron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vézannes

Vézannes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vézelay

Vézelay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vézinnes

Vézinnes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vignes, Yonne

Vignes is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Villefranche, Yonne

Villefranche is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Villefargeau

Villefargeau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villecien

Villecien is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villechétive

Villechétive is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villebougis

Villebougis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeblevin

Villeblevin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Hérisson

Hérisson is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Huriel

Huriel is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Hyds

Hyds is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Isle-et-Bardais

Isle-et-Bardais is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Isserpent

Isserpent is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Jaligny-sur-Besbre

Jaligny-sur-Besbre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Jenzat

Jenzat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Laféline

Laféline is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lalizolle

Lalizolle is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lamaids

Lamaids is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Langy

Langy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lapalisse

Lapalisse is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montilly

Montilly is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Montet

Le Montet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montmarault

Montmarault is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vieure

Vieure is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montvicq

Montvicq is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montord

Montord is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montoldre

Montoldre is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Néris-les-Bains

Néris-les-Bains is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Neuilly-en-Donjon

Neuilly-en-Donjon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Villebret

Villebret is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Vilhain

Le Vilhain is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Veurdre

Le Veurdre is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Laprugne

Laprugne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lavault-Sainte-Anne

Lavault-Sainte-Anne is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lavoine

Lavoine is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lenax

Lenax is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lételon

Lételon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Liernolles

Liernolles is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lignerolles, Allier

Lignerolles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Limoise

Limoise is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Loddes

Loddes () is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes.


Loriges

Loriges is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louchy-Montfand

Louchy-Montfand is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-Bourbonnais

Louroux-Bourbonnais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-de-Beaune

Louroux-de-Beaune is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-de-Bouble

Louroux-de-Bouble is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-Hodement

Louroux-Hodement is a former commune in the Allier department in central France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Bocage.


Monteignet-sur-l'Andelot

Monteignet-sur-l'Andelot is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montcombroux-les-Mines

Montcombroux-les-Mines is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montbeugny

Montbeugny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montaigu-le-Blin

Montaigu-le-Blin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montaiguët-en-Forez

Montaiguët-en-Forez is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Monétay-sur-Loire

Monétay-sur-Loire is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Monétay-sur-Allier

Monétay-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Monestier, Allier

Monestier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Molles

Molles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Molinet

Molinet is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mesples

Mesples is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mercy, Allier

Mercy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Meillers

Meillers is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Meillard

Meillard is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Meaulne

Meaulne is a former commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Meaulne-Vitray.


Mazirat

Mazirat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mazerier

Mazerier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Luneau

Luneau is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Mayet-de-Montagne

Le Mayet-de-Montagne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Mayet-d'École

Le Mayet-d'École is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mariol

Mariol is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Marigny, Allier

Marigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Marcillat-en-Combraille

Marcillat-en-Combraille is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Marcenat, Allier

Marcenat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Malicorne, Allier

Malicorne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Maillet, Allier

Maillet was a commune in the Allier department in central France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune Haut-Bocage.


Neuilly-le-Réal

Neuilly-le-Réal is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Neure

Neure is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lurcy-Lévis

Lurcy-Lévis is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lusigny

Lusigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Magnet, Allier

Magnet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Neuvy, Allier

Neuvy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Nizerolles

Nizerolles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Noyant-d'Allier

Noyant-d'Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Paray-le-Frésil

Paray-le-Frésil is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Paray-sous-Briailles

Paray-sous-Briailles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Périgny, Allier

Périgny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Pierrefitte-sur-Loire

Pierrefitte-sur-Loire is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Pin, Allier

Le Pin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Poëzat

Poëzat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vernusse

Vernusse is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Verneuil-en-Bourbonnais

Verneuil-en-Bourbonnais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Pouzy-Mésangy

Pouzy-Mésangy is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Prémilhat

Prémilhat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Quinssaines

Quinssaines is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Reugny, Allier

Reugny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Rocles, Allier

Rocles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Rongères

Rongères is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ronnet

Ronnet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Angel, Allier

Saint-Angel is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Aubin-le-Monial

Saint-Aubin-le-Monial is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Bonnet-de-Four

Saint-Bonnet-de-Four is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Bonnet-de-Rochefort

Saint-Bonnet-de-Rochefort is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Bonnet-Tronçais

Saint-Bonnet-Tronçais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Caprais, Allier

Saint-Caprais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Christophe, Allier

Saint-Christophe is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Clément, Allier

Saint-Clément is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Désiré

Saint-Désiré is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Didier-en-Donjon

Saint-Didier-en-Donjon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Didier-la-Forêt

Saint-Didier-la-Forêt is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Éloy-d'Allier

Saint-Éloy-d'Allier is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Ennemond

Saint-Ennemond is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sainte-Thérence

Sainte-Thérence is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Étienne-de-Vicq

Saint-Étienne-de-Vicq is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Fargeol

Saint-Fargeol is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Félix, Allier

Saint-Félix is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Genest, Allier

Saint-Genest is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Gérand-de-Vaux

Saint-Gérand-de-Vaux is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Gérand-le-Puy

Saint-Gérand-le-Puy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Germain-de-Salles

Saint-Germain-de-Salles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Germain-des-Fossés

Saint-Germain-des-Fossés is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Hilaire, Allier

Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France. In 1999 there was 567 peoples.


Saint-Léger-sur-Vouzance

Saint-Léger-sur-Vouzance is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Léon, Allier

Saint-Léon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Léopardin-d'Augy

Saint-Léopardin-d'Augy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Loup, Allier

Saint-Loup is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Marcel-en-Marcillat

Saint-Marcel-en-Marcillat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Marcel-en-Murat

Saint-Marcel-en-Murat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-des-Lais

Saint-Martin-des-Lais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Martinien

Saint-Martinien is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Menoux

Saint-Menoux is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Nicolas-des-Biefs

Saint-Nicolas-des-Biefs is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Palais, Allier

Saint-Palais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pierre-Laval

Saint-Pierre-Laval is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Plaisir

Saint-Plaisir is a commune in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pont

Saint-Pont is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pourçain-sur-Besbre

Saint-Pourçain-sur-Besbre is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule

Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Priest-d'Andelot

Saint-Priest-d'Andelot is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Priest-en-Murat

Saint-Priest-en-Murat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Prix, Allier

Saint-Prix is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Rémy-en-Rollat

Saint-Rémy-en-Rollat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Sauvier

Saint-Sauvier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Sornin, Allier

Saint-Sornin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Victor, Allier

Saint-Victor is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Voir

Saint-Voir is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Yorre

Saint-Yorre is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saligny-sur-Roudon

Saligny-sur-Roudon is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sanssat

Sanssat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saulcet

Saulcet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saulzet

Saulzet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sauvagny

Sauvagny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sazeret

Sazeret is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Serbannes

Serbannes is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Servilly

Servilly is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Seuillet

Seuillet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sorbier

Sorbier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Souvigny

Souvigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sussat

Sussat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Target, Allier

Target is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Taxat-Senat

Taxat-Senat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Teillet-Argenty

Teillet-Argenty is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Terjat

Terjat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of Germany, France.


Le Theil, Allier

Le Theil is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Theneuille

Theneuille is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Thiel-sur-Acolin

Thiel-sur-Acolin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Thionne

Thionne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Tortezais

Tortezais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Toulon-sur-Allier

Toulon-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Treban

Treban is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Treignat

Treignat is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Treteau

Treteau is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Trévol

Trévol is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Trézelles

Trézelles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Tronget

Tronget is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Urçay

Urçay is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ussel-d'Allier

Ussel-d'Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bodily integrity

Bodily integrity is the idea that a person's body belongs only to that person, and only he or she should decide what happens to it. Violations of bodily integrity may include rape or murder. It is also sometimes used in debates about euthanasia or circumcision.

It is one of the principles of liberalism. It may also be called other names such as "self-ownership", "individual autonomy" or "self-determination".

The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities also requires protection of physical and mental integrity.

Quack Pack

Quack Pack is an animated Disney television series. Is the second spin-off of the series are DuckTales. The series was originally shown from September 3, 1996 to November 28, 1996. It had a total of 39 episodes.












Goof Troop

Goof Troop is an animated Disney television series. The series was originally shown from September 5, 1992 to May 1993. It had a total of 79 episodes. They started planning on the movies in early 1993 and early 1997, They wanted to release these movies in November 1994 and October 1998 as "A Goofy Movie 2" and "A Goofy Movie 3" was supposed to release in July 2000, "A Goofy Movie 4" in February 2004 and "A Goofy Movie 5" in September 2008. but the first two got delayed to May 1995 and February 2000 and the third, fourth and fifth films was cancelled.




Bonkers (American TV series)

Bonkers is an animated Disney television series. Originally was the spin-off of the 1992 television series Raw Toonage. The series was originally shown from September 4, 1993 to February 23, 1994. It had 65 episodes.



Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers

Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers is an American animated television series. The series was originally shown from March 4, 1989 to November 19, 1990. It had a total of 65 episodes.



Thirteen VHS cassettes contaning 26 episodes of the series were released on Argentinina/Chile.
The Argentinina/Chile DVD releases was as the American release separated into three discs but has seven remaining episodes removed the third collection remains unaltered.

TaleSpin

TaleSpin is an American animated television show. It is based on characters from Disney's The Jungle Book movie. Instead of being wild animals from the jungle, the characters in TaleSpin wear clothes, live in a town, and have jobs. The series was originally shown from May 5, 1990 to August 8, 1991. It had a total of 65 episodes.


Eleven VHS cassettes containing 21 episodes of the series were released in Argentinina/Chile.
The sets from Germany and the United Kingdom have also been released in Argentinina/Chile. The First Collection came out on September 15, 2012. The Second Collection was released on April 12, 2013. The Third Collection was released on September 14, 2013.


Gargoyles

Gargoyles is an animated Disney television series. The series was originally shown from October 24, 1994 to February 15, 1997, airing in syndication from 1994 to 1996, and on ABC from 1996 until the end of its run. It had a total of 78 episodes.


Valignat

Valignat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Valigny

Valigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vallon-en-Sully

Vallon-en-Sully is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Varennes-sur-Allier

Varennes-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Varennes-sur-Tèche

Varennes-sur-Tèche is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vaumas

Vaumas is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vaux, Allier

Vaux is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Veauce

Veauce is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Vernet, Allier

Le Vernet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Verneix

Verneix is a commune. It is in Allier in the center of France.


Venas

Venas is a commune. It is in Allier in the center of France.


Vendat

Vendat is a commune. It is in Allier in the center of France.


Aladdin (animated TV series)

Aladdin is an animated Disney television series based on the 1992 movie. The series ran from September 5, 1994 to November 25, 1995 with 86 episodes.



Los Ángeles, Chile

Los Ángeles is a Chilean city. It is the capital and main city of the Bío Bío province, Bío Bío region.

The commune of Los Ángeles is between the Laja and Bío Bío rivers and has an area of . It is from the national capital of Santiago.

The commune is bordered on the north by the Yumbel and Cabrero communes and the Ñuble province, on the east by the Quilleco and Santa Bárbara communes, on the south by the Mulchén and Negrete communes, and on the west by the Nacimiento and Laja communes.

The climate of Los Ángeles is a Mediterranean climate, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Los Ángeles is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Los Ángeles is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .
As of 2002, there were 166,556 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of Los Ángeles has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 117,972 inhabitants.

Its inhabitants are called "Angelinos" (women, "Angelinas").



The Little Mermaid (TV series)

The Little Mermaid was an animated Disney television series. It was based on The Little Mermaid movie. The series was shown from September 11, 1992 to November 26, 1994. It had a total of 31 episodes.




The Lion King's Timon and Pumbaa

The Lion King's Timon and Pumbaa is an animated Disney television series. It is based off The Lion King movie. The series was shown from September 16, 1995 to 1999. It had a total of 86 episodes.


Five VHS cassettes contaning 35 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinina in Chilean.
Five DVDs containing 35 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinina in Chilean.
Daytime Emmy Awards


Lebu, Chile

Lebu is a Chilean port city and commune. The city is also the capital of the Arauco Province in Bío Bío Region. It lies on the south bank of the mouth of the Lebu River. The commune includes the Mocha Island. Lebu was founded on 1862 thanks to some number of colonies in the zone. The commune has an area of 561.4 km. According to the INE census of 2002, the population is with 25,035 inhabitants.


Jungle Cubs

The Fox and The Hound: The Series is an animated Disney television series. It is based on "The Fox and The Hound" as it is focused on the youth of Tod and copper before the events of the "The Fox and The Hound 2". The series was first shown from October 5, 2003 to January 10, 2006 before it's reruns to the "Disney Channel". The show was broadcast on "Fox Family Channel", but was taken off off the schedule in 2004. Reruns aired on "Disney Junior" from 2012 to 2013. The series also aired on "Toon Disney" and in the United Kingdom.


Three VHS cassettes containing 11 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinian in Chilean.
Three DVDs containing 11 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinian in Chilean.

101 Dalmatians: The Series

101 Dalmatians is an animated Disney television series. Is based on the "101 Dalmatians" movie. The series was originally shown from September 1, 1997 to March 4, 1998 in first run syndication and on ABC's "One Saturday Morning" lineup. It had a total of 65 episodes.

The main characters in the series are Lucky, Cadpig, Rolly, and Spot. Lucky is the most adventurous of the 99 puppies and is unique in having his only spots in the shape of a horseshoe on his back. Cadpig is another runt of the litter and the smallest of the 99 puppies but quite possibly the most intelligent, if not deluded. She is unique in having long floppy ears, a big head, a kind personality, and she's also quite strong for her size. Rolly is the very hungry one. Almost all his decisions are based on food and this, at times, gets him and the pups into trouble. He is, however, a loyal and helpful sibling, especially when it comes to his incredible sense of smell. Spot is a chicken who wants to become a Dalmatian. She is a voice of reason for the foursome but, more often than not, is ignored. She is easily frightened and is prone to literally bouncing off the walls. She is, however, a good dancer (which has to count for something, according to her) and appears to be good at math. She is also able to fly. Patch appears in the series in his look from the Dodie Smith novel; he appears to be more laid-back unlike . Dipstick retains a bit of his movie look; he is portrayed as dimwitted but loyal. Wizzer changed quite a bit from his movie look, being smaller and with white ears and a red collar. He follows Mooch's orders without question and is still prone to having accidents as in the live-action movie. Two-Tone changed quite a bit from her movie appearance, now having two black ears, a gold hoop earring in her right ear, a chubby body, a blue collar instead of pink, and a lower black body with white spots. She was Mooch's girlfriend and second in command of his gang until she dated Lucky in "Love 'Em and Flea 'Em." Since then, Two-Tone has gone off on her own.

The main villains in the series are Cruella de Vil and her henchmen, Horace and Jasper. Cruella is now a corporate criminal and most of her plans revolve around getting richer, tormenting the Dalmatians, and plotting to steal the Dearly Farm. Horace and Jasper are usually hired to perform her plans, usually failing.

Other characters include Roger Dearly, Anita Dearly, Nanny, Pongo, Perdita, Mooch, Scorch, the Colonel, Sergeant Tibbs, Captain, Lt. Pug, Thunderbolt, Lucy, Swamp Rat, Steven the alligator, Cydne the snake, and the entire de Vil family.


House of Mouse

Disney's House of Mouse is a animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation. It was on television from 2000 to 2009. In the television show Mickey Mouse and his friends have a dinner theater called the "House of Mouse" in downtown Toontown. It features many different Disney characters together.
Notable staff at the House of Mouse include:

Below are descriptions of the areas within the club itself.

Foyer

Restaurant / Theater

Backstage

Kitchen

Control Room

Prop Room


Pindar

Pindar (; , ; ; c. 518 – 438 BC) was an ancient Greek poet of Thebes. He was born in Boeotia, around 518 BC. He died in Argos, at age 80 in 438 BC. He is known for his odes in praise of athletes and their accomplishments but he wrote poems in many other forms as well.

Radioactive contamination

Radioactive contamination or radiological contamination is the contamination of the environment with radioactive materials, where these materials are not present. Many radioactive substances have very long half lives; this means that if they are present in the envioroment, they can be dangerous for a very long time. Many nuclear power plants produce such substances; usually they are processed to radioactive waste. There is little danger that comes from radioactive waste,if it is stored safely.


Battle of Chaeronea

The Battle of Chaeronea was a battle in Ancient Greece. It was fought in 338 BC near the city of Chaeronea in Boeotia. It was fought between the armies of Philip II of Macedon and an alliance of some of the Greek city-states including Athens and Thebes. The battle was the end of Philip's campaign in Greece (339–338 BC). It was a strong victory for the Macedonians.

Homosexuality in the militaries of ancient Greece

Homosexuality in the militaries of ancient Greece was regarded as contributing to morale. The chief example is the Sacred Band of Thebes, a unit said to have been formed of same-sex couples. The Spartan tradition of military heroism has also been explained in light of strong emotional bonds resulting from homosexual relationships. Various ancient Greek sources record incidents of courage in battle and interpret them as motivated by homoerotic bonds.

Some Greek philosophers wrote on the subject of homosexuality in the military. In Plato's "Symposium", the interlocutor Phaedrus commented on the power of male sexual relationships to improve bravery in the military:

However, the "Symposium" is a dialectical exploration of the nature of true love. Phaedrus' views are soon found to be inadequate compared to the transcendent vision of Socrates, who:

Xenophon did not criticize the relationships themselves. He ridiculed militaries that made them the sole basis of unit formation:

According to tradition, the Greeks structured military units along tribal lines. This was a practice attributed to Nestor in the Homeric epics. The Theban military commander Pammenes, however, is supposed to have advocated military organization based on pairs of lovers:
Plutarch himself appears to doubt the veracity of these accounts. It is to be doubted if Pammenes actually organized military units along homosexual lines. Eventually the Greek city-states joined Pammenes' views on the most effective order of unit formation. The practice soon proliferated. City-states that had originally frowned upon the idea reversed opinions on the basis of their own experiences.

One such example is supposed to have taken place during the Lelantine War between the Eretrians and the Chalcidians. The account is given by Plutarch in a dialogue.

In a decisive battle the Chalcidians called for the aid of a warrior named Cleomachus. Cleomachus answered their request. He brought his lover along with him. He charged against the Eretians and brought the Chalcidians to victory at the cost of his own life. It was said he was inspired with love during the battle. Afterwards the Chalcidians, erected a tomb for him in their marketplace. They reversed their negative view of homosexuality, and began to honor it. The fundamental point seems to be that the superiority of heterosexual love does not imply condemnation of homosexuality. Aristotle attributed a popular local song to the event:

The importance of these relationships in military formation was not without controversy. According to Xenophon, the Spartans abhorred the thought of using the relationships as the basis of unit formation for placing too much significance on sexuality rather than talent. This was due to their founder Lycurgus who attacked lusts on physical beauty, regarding it as shameful. Xenophon asserted that in some city-states the lovers would not even have conversations with one another. He said this type of behavior was horrible because it was entirely based on physical attractions:

Nonetheless city-states that employed the practice in determining military formation enjoyed some success. The Thebans are said to have had one such regiment as the core of their entire army. They attributed this group called the Sacred Band of Thebes for making Thebes the most powerful city-state for a generation until its fall to Philip II of Macedon. Philip II of Macedon was so impressed with their bravery during the battle he erected a monument that still stands today on their gravesite. He also gave a harsh criticism of the Spartan views of the band:

One of the prominent Greek military figures enjoying such a relationship was Epaminondas, considered the greatest warrior-statesmen of ancient Thebes by many, including the Roman historian Diodorus Siculus. Diodorus however does not have anything to say about the sexual orientation of Epaminondas or the Sacred Band, nor does he say anything about the following account, again from Plutarch (Amatorius 17). According to Plutarch dramatic dialogue, Epaminondas had two male lovers: Asopichus and Caphisodorus, the latter died with him at Mantineia in battle. They were buried together, something usually reserved for a husband and wife in Greek society. Plutarch, consistently with his heterosexual message, then goes on to tell how love also inspires women to great courage: "And here, methinks, we have very opportunely mentioned Alcestis; for although the temper of women has little to do with Mars, Love many times drives them to daring attempts beyond their own nature, even to death."




E.G. Daily

Elizabeth Guttman "E.G." Daily (born Elizbeth Ann Guttman, September 11, 1961, in Los Angeles, California) is an American actress, voice talent and singer. She has acted on television and in movies and video games. She is best known as the voice of Thomas Malcolm "Tommy" Pickles in "Rugrats"/"All Grown Up" and "The Powerpuff Girls" franchise.

Awty International School

The Awty International School is a private school in Houston, Texas. It is for pre-kindergarten through 12th grade. It is the largest international school in the United States.

Awty was founded in 1956 as pre-school by Kathleen Awty. Adding High School, in 1975, the complex changed Awty into College preparatory school. They then united with French School of Houston and became Awty International School, as it is today, in 1984. Enrollment increased from 600 to 1,475 during last 15 years. In 1990 there was pre-school building added, in 1991 new high school building, in 1995 pre-school classrooms were added. Finally, in 2009, Awty opened athletic stadium with a soccer field, track, and tennis courts.

Awty is made of a big French Section and huge International Section. It is an accredited international and largest private school in US. It's licensed by ISAS and CIS, and also it is member of NAIS.

School faculty comes from about 30 different countries and they are native speakers of languages from these countries.

Students are 40% American, 30% French and 30% from many other countries around the world.

Graduates attend universities in the US, Canada, Latin America, Australia, the Middle East, Asia and Europe.

The school is located on a 15-acre (61,000 m2) campus in central Houston. It includes 300 classrooms, 6 science laboratories, 3 art rooms, 4 computer laboratories, 3 libraries, 2 lunch rooms, 2 covered basketball/volleyball courts, an athletics center, 2 soccer fields and 2 gymnasiums.

Awty's Vision is to inspire and educate students, so they could think outside the box, with help of unigque school spirit and welcoming campus.

The Awty International School provides a challenging education, leading to either the International Baccalaureate or the French Baccalauréat.
Within a friendly and nurturing environment, which encourages learning and the pursuit of excellence, Awty celebrates linguistic, cultural and international diversity and seeks to maximize the potential in all of our students as they grow to become responsible world citizens.

The school is member of TAPPS, they play basketball, perform in music contests or win in soccer. A lot of Awty's musicians are in TAPPS Area or Region band.


Cygnus (constellation)

Cygnus is a constellation in the northern sky. Cygnus means "swan" in Greek. There is a pattern of stars in Cygnus that is called the Northern Cross. This is because the pattern of stars looks like a cross. The constellation Crux (constellation) has a pattern of stars that is called the Southern Cross. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Cygnus in the 2nd century when he made a list of constellations.



Imagine Dragons

Imagine Dragons is an American pop rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada. Its members are its lead singer Dan Reynolds, guitarist Wayne Sermon, bassist Ben McKee, and drummer Daniel Platzman. The band first got attention for its single "It's Time". This was followed by its award-winning debut studio album "Night Visions" (2012). This album had two of its chart-topping singles "Radioactive" and "Demons". "Rolling Stone" named "Radioactive" the "biggest rock hit of the year" after it held the record for most weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100. MTV called them "the year's biggest breakout band", and "Billboard" said they were their "Breakthrough Band of 2013" and "Biggest Band of 2017". "Billboard" put them at the top of their "Year of Rock" rankings for 2013, 2017, and 2018. Imagine Dragons topped the "Billboard" Year-End "Top Artists – Duo/Group" category in 2018.

The band's second studio album "Smoke + Mirrors" (2015) got to number one in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Next they released their third album "Evolve" (2017). This album had three chart-topping singles, "Believer", "Thunder", and "Whatever it Takes". This helped them become the artist with the most weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Rock Songs chart. The album reached the top five in many countries. The band's fourth album "Origins" (2018) included the song "Natural". "Natural" became their fifth song to top the Hot Rock Songs chart. The band released their fifth album "Mercury – Act 1" on September 3, 2021 and its follow-up "Mercury – Act 2" on July 1, 2022.

Imagine Dragons has won three American Music Awards, nine "Billboard" Music Awards, one Grammy Award, one MTV Video Music Award, and one World Music Award. In May 2014, the band was nominated for 14 "Billboard" Music Awards. These include Top Artist of the Year and a Milestone Award. In April 2018, the band was nominated 11 more times for "Billboard" Music Awards.

Imagine Dragons has sold more than 75 million records worldwide. This makes them one of the world's best-selling music artists. They were the most streamed group of 2018 on Spotify and are the first rock act to have four songs, "Radioactive", "Demons", "Believer", and "Thunder", to have over one billion streams each. According to "Billboard", "Believer", "Thunder", and "Radioactive" were the three best performing rock songs of the 2010s.

In 2008, lead singer Dan Reynolds met drummer Andrew Tolman at Brigham Young University, where they were both students. Reynolds and Tolman recruited Andrew Beck, Dave Lemke, and Aurora Florence to play guitar, bass, and piano respectively for their band. Their name is an anagram for a phrase only known to members of the group, which Reynolds said each member approved of. The five released an extended play called "Speak to Me" that year. However, Beck and Florence left the band later that year. In 2009, Tolman recruited long-time high school friend Wayne Sermon to play guitar. Sermon had graduated from Berklee College of Music. Tolman later recruited his wife, Brittany Tolman, to sing back-up and play keys and the band began to play again. Lemke left the band later on, so Sermon recruited Ben McKee to join the band as their bassist. The band got a large following in their hometown of Provo, Utah before they moved to Las Vegas, where the band recorded and released their first three extended plays.

The band released a self-titled extended play "Imagine Dragons" on September 1, 2009, and "Hell and Silence" on March 10, 2010, both recorded at Battle Born Studios, in Las Vegas. They released their third extended play, "It's Time" on March 12, 2011. Six months later, they signed a record deal with Interscope Records on November 18, 2011.

They got their first big break when Train's frontman Pat Monahan fell sick just prior to the Bite of Las Vegas Festival 2009. Imagine Dragons was called to fill in and performed to a crowd of more than 26,000 people. Local accolades including "Best CD of 2011" ("Vegas SEVEN"), "Best Local Indie Band 2010" ("Las Vegas Weekly"), "Las Vegas' Newest Must See Live Act" ("Las Vegas CityLife"), Vegas Music Summit Headliner 2010, and more sent the band higher in popularity. In November 2011, they began working with English Grammy Award-winning producer Alex da Kid. Eventually, the Tolmans left the group. Daniel Platzman and keyboardist Theresa Flaminio were recruited by Ben McKee in August 2011, before the band's label deal in November 2011.

Theresa Flaminio left Imagine Dragons in early 2012, leaving them as a quartet. The band worked with Alex da Kid. They recorded their first major-label release at Westlake Recording Studios in West Hollywood, California with him. An extended play called "Continued Silence" was released on Valentine's Day (February 14, 2012) digitally and got to number 40 on the "Billboard" 200. The band also released an extended play called "Hear Me" in 2012.

Shortly after, "It's Time" was released as a single and got to number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The music video debuted on April 17, 2012, on all MTV services and was nominated for an MTV Video Music Award in the "Best Rock Video" category. "It's Time" was made a 6× platinum single by the RIAA.

The band finished recording their debut album "Night Visions" in the summer of 2012 at Studio X inside Palms Casino Resort and released the album in the United States on September 4, 2012. It peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart with first week sales of more than 83,000 copies, the highest charting for a debut rock album since 2006. The album also reached No. 1 on the Billboard Alternative and Rock Album charts and the top ten on the Australian, Austrian, Canadian, Dutch, German, Irish, Norwegian, Portuguese, Scottish, Spanish, and United Kingdom Albums charts. It won a Billboard Music Award for Top Rock Album and was nominated for the Juno Award for International Album of the Year. "Night Visions" is certified platinum in the US by the RIAA as well as in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland, and the UK. The album had three songs that got to the "Billboard" Top 40, four songs in the ARIA Top 40, and five songs in the UK Top 40.

The album's second single "Radioactive" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs, "Billboard" Rock Songs, and Swedish singles chart and has sold more than 14 million singles in the United States, going into the top 3 of the most selling songs digitally ever. It also beat the record of the longest song on the "Billboard" Hot 100 by spending 87 weeks before being broken by The Weeknd's "Blinding Lights" in 2021. "Radioactive" stayed at No. 1 on the Hot Rock Songs chart for a record-breaking 23 weeks and became the genre's biggest hit of 2013. It peaked at No. 3, becoming their first top ten single in the United States and broke the record for the longest run into the top five. It is the best-selling rock song on the Nielsen SoundScan running list of best-selling rock songs in digital history. By the end of 2013, "Radioactive" had already sold over 3 million copies. "Rolling Stone" called it "the biggest rock hit of the year". It was also the most streamed song of 2013 on Spotify in the United States. It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Record of the Year and the Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards. It won the Grammy Award for Best Rock performance.

Third single "Demons" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Pop Songs, peaked at No. 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent 61 weeks on it. In 2021, RIAA said that the song has become the band's third diamond selling song in the US.

Fourth single "On Top Of The World" reached No. 79 on the Billboard Hot 100 and also spent 20 weeks on the chart.

In the US, the non-singles off the album, "Bleeding Out" and "Amsterdam" were certified platinum while "Hear Me" and "Tiptoe" were certified gold.

"Billboard" listed them as one of "2012's Brightest New Stars" and later "The Breakout Band of 2013". Imagine Dragons won the 2014 Billboard Music Awards for Top Duo/Group, Top Hot 100 Artist, and Top Rock Artist. Amazon.com called the band their "Favorite Rock Artist of 2012".

In 2013, Imagine Dragons went back to Europe and North America with the Night Visions Tour. The band announced 13 more US summer tour dates which also sold out. The band then announced a North America Amphitheatre tour. 

The band released a live album, "Live at Independent Records", in April 2013.

The idea behind the second album was to create music and finish it when the band feels that their work is done. Since the beginning of the Night Visions Tour, the band had been writing new material for the next album. Even as early as the start of the tour they had been recording demos for the album. By the time that they went into the studio to work on the album, they had created 50 demos to work from.

Before the album's release, Imagine Dragons released a number of singles for other projects including a song for the film "", called "Battle Cry" (June 2014) and “Warriors" for the 2014 League of Legends World Championship (September 2014).

On October 24, they showed the lead single to the upcoming album, "I Bet My Life" on Facebook and Instagram. It was released on October 27. It was sent to US Alternative radio for ads on November 3. On December 16, the band announced their second album "Smoke + Mirrors" and the release of its second single "Gold". "Shots" was released as the album's third single on January 26, 2015.

Imagine Dragons played at the Mayan Theater in Los Angeles on February 5, 2015. The half-hour set included the live debut of unreleased songs "Summer" and "I'm So Sorry". On February 8, the band partnered with Target for a performance of "Shots" as part of a live commercial during the Grammy Awards.  "Smoke + Mirrors" was released on February 17. The album debuted on top of the Billboard 200, making it the band's first number one album. The band began a world tour on June 3 in Portland, Oregon.

During the band's tour, Imagine Dragons released two non-album singles. "Roots" was released on August 26, 2015, and "I Was Me" on October 12, 2015, on iTunes. The band also released a cover of "I Love You All the Time" by Eagles of Death Metal on December 18, 2015, in support of the victims of the November 2015 Paris attacks. The Smoke + Mirrors Tour ended on February 5, 2016, in Amsterdam.

They released the soundtracks songs "Not Today" from "Me Before You" and "Sucker for Pain" from "Suicide Squad" with Lil Wayne, Wiz Khalifa, Logic, Ty Dolla Sign, and X Ambassadors in April and June, respectively.

Imagine Dragons began recording their third album in September 2016. The band teased the upcoming album by posting cryptic messages on their Twitter account for the next four months. They released the song "Levitate", recorded for the film "Passengers", on December 2, 2016. On January 28, 2017, the band started posting a series of videos teasing the album's first single. The time-lapse videos featured lead singer Dan Reynolds drawing surreal images on a drawing pad. Morse code was hidden in the videos and translated to "objects of same color".

On February 1, 2017, Imagine Dragons released "Believer" as the lead single for their next album. "Believer" was used as part of a Super Bowl ad for the Nintendo Switch. On April 27, 2017, the band released "Thunder" as the second single from their third album. On May 8, 2017, Imagine Dragons announced their third studio album "Evolve", as well as a new track "Whatever It Takes", which was released on the same day. A tour in support for the album was also announced within the same day. The tour was held across 33 countries from September 2017 through September 2018.

"Evolve" was released on June 23, 2017, worldwide. The album reached the top five in most countries but was met with mixed critical responses. The album and the single "Thunder" received nominations for Best Pop Vocal Album and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, respectively, at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards. "Whatever It Takes" was released as an official single off the album a few months later on October 6, 2017. The song won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Rock Video in 2018. On February 14, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single titled "Next to Me" on Twitter. The song was released as part of a re-issue of "Evolve" on February 21, 2018.

On June 12, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single with Kygo called "Born to Be Yours" on Twitter. The song was released on June 15, 2018. In 2018, Imagine Dragons also became co-owners of esports team Rogue.

On July 12, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single named "Natural" on Twitter. The song was released on July 17, 2018. The song was used as the anthem for the 2018 "ESPN College Football" season. The band ended the Evolve tour in Tampa, Florida on August 10. On September 18, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single titled "Zero", which was released the following day. It was used in the end credits of the Walt Disney Animation Studios movie "Ralph Breaks the Internet".

On October 3, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced their fourth studio album, "Origins", which was released on November 9, 2018. "Natural" and "Zero" serve as the lead singles off the album, while "Born to Be Yours" is featured on the international deluxe edition of the album. The band has said that this album was made as a sister album to "Evolve". On October 31, 2018, Imagine Dragons released the third single off the album, "Machine". Lastly, on November 6, 2018, Imagine Dragons released the album's fourth single, "Bad Liar". "Origins" debuted at number two in the US, making it their fourth top five album. It reached the top ten in multiple countries, but received mixed reviews from critics.

On January 7, 2019, Imagine Dragons performed the halftime show for the 2019 College Football Championship game. The band performed "Natural", "Bad Liar", "Thunder", and a special version of "Believer" with rapper Lil Wayne. The new version of the song was released on streaming platforms the following day.

In June 2019, Beat Games released a paid downloadable content (DLC) music pack for virtual reality rhythm game "Beat Saber", called "Imagine Dragons Music Pack", that includes ten songs by Imagine Dragons.

On June 20, 2019, Imagine Dragons released a new version "Birds", featuring Italian singer Elisa, as the fifth and final single from "Origins". On July 23, 2019, an animated video for the original version of the song was released.

On January 20, 2020, the band released a music video for "Nothing Left to Say", a song from their debut album "Night Visions".

On March 8, 2021, Imagine Dragons announced the release of two singles, "Follow You" and "Cutthroat", which were released on March 12. The band began teasing their upcoming album which was produced by Rick Rubin. On June 29, 2021, the band announced the single "Wrecked", along with the pre-order for their fifth studio album "Mercury – Act 1" a day later. The song was released on July 2, 2021. "Mercury – Act 1" was released on September 3, along with the single "Monday". Similar to their previous work, the album was met with mixed critical reception. It debuted at number nine in the US.

In October, the band re-released their first three extended plays onto streaming services and digital retailers. Each EP features a previously unreleased bonus track. The band also released the single "Enemy" featuring rapper JID, as part of the soundtrack to the Netflix series "Arcane", on October 28. It is the second collaboration between Imagine Dragons and "League of Legends", following "Warriors".

Soon after the release of "Mercury – Act 1", the band began teasing a follow-up album that would also be produced by Rubin. In January 2022, Reynolds said that the album was "almost done" and would be released after the first part of the Mercury Tour. The tour started on February 6 in Miami and ended on September 15 in Los Angeles. On March 11, 2022, the band released a single named "Bones". It was the lead single for their album "Mercury – Act 2". On April 6, the band announced that "Mercury – Act 2" would be released on July 1, 2022. The 18-track album was released as part of an album that had both "Mercury" albums.

Current members

Current touring musicians
Former members

Former touring musicians


Dark Tranquillity

Dark Tranquillity is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Billdal. 

The band was formed in 1989 by band member Mikael Stanne and guitarist Niklas Sundin. Stanne and Sundin originally formed a band under the name "Septic Broiler". Members Anders Fridén, Anders Jivarp and Martin Henriksson joined the band shortly after. Dark Tranquillity is an important part of the melodic death metal genre of music and are one of the longest-standing bands from the original Gothenburg metal scene.

They released their debut album, "Skydancer", on August 30, 1993. They are currently signed to Century Media Records.





2000 UEFA Cup Final riots

The 2000 UEFA Cup Final Riots, also known as the Battle of Copenhagen, was a riot in City Hall Square in Copenhagen, Denmark, between fans of English football team Arsenal and Turkish side Galatasaray around the 2000 UEFA Cup Final on 17 May 2000. The fights, in which four people were stabbed, also included fans from other clubs and were viewed by the media as part of revenge attacks for the killing of two Leeds United fans by Galatasaray fans the month before.

1142

Year 1142 (MCXLII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1140

Year 1140 (MCXL) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



Irreligion

Irreligion (meaning not religious) is a term that describes people who reject religion, or who do not have a particular religion.

The term covers all those who answer "none" to questionnaires which ask people about their religion. In the social survey world, they are called "the nones". The term "irreligious" is an umbrella term, for atheists, agnostics, deists and ignostics.

Irreligion takes many forms, ranging from the casual and unaware to full-fledged philosophies such as atheism, agnosticism, ignosticism, deism and irreligious theism. All these views can also be alternatively called secular humanism. 

Irreligion may be a purely naturalist worldview which denies a belief in anything supernatural. The broadest and loosest definition, is the lack of religious identification (attendance at church, temple etc.). The broadest definition is not belonging to any religion, which still does not exclude belief in any supernatural forces, which some irreligious people may believe in. The narrowest and strictest is subscribing to "positive atheism". That might be described as a willingness to state rejection of a deity absolutely. Public statements of belief can be, and are, tailored to the various social climates.

There are, at least five different groups of "not religious" people:

1230

Year 1230 (MCCXXX) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1136

Year 1136 (MCXXXVI) was a leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1132

Year 1132 (MCXXXII) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1127

Year 1127 (MCXXVII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1126

Year 1126 (MCXXVI) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



4th millennium BC

The 4th millennium BC saw major changes in human culture. It marked the beginning of the Bronze Age and of writing.

The city states of Sumer and the kingdom of Egypt were started and grew to prominence. Agriculture spread widely across Eurasia. World population in the course of the millennium doubled to approximately from 7 to 14 million people in the area surrounding them.






1108

Year 1108 (MCVIII) was a leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1110

Year 1110 (MCX) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1111

Year 1111 (MCXI) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1112

Year 1112 (MCXII) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Apus

Apus is a constellation in the southern sky. It is hard to see because it is not very bright. Apus means "no feet" in Greek. It was named "no feet" because it looks like a Bird-of-Paradise, and people used to think that birds-of-paradise did not have feet.

1113

Year 1113 (MCXIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Ara (constellation)

Ara is a constellation in the southern sky. Ara means altar in Latin. It was one of the 48 constellations written down by the astronomer named Ptolemy in the 2nd century. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

In Greek mythology, Ara is the altar where Zeus and his brothers and sisters said that they were going to win in a war against Cronos and the other Titans. It is also where people burned incense to show that they appreciated Zeus. The Greek poet named Aratus said that if sailors could see the constellation Ara, it meant that there was going to be wind blowing from the south.

The Stingray Nebula is in Ara. It is the planetary nebula that was created most recently.

NGC 6193 is an open cluster at about 3,765 light-years away from Earth.

1114

Year 1114 (MCXIV) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1115

1115 (MCXV) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1116

Year 1116 (MCXVI) was a leap year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



1120

Year 1120 (MCXX) was a leap year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1117

Year 1117 (MCXVII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>





</onlyinclude>



1119

Year 1119 (MCXIX) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



1090

1090 (MXC) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>







1089

Year 1089 (MLXXXIX) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.






Argonautica

Argonautica is a Greek epic poem by Apollonius of Rhodes. It was written in the 3rd century BC. It tells the story of Jason getting the Golden Fleece. "Argonautica" inspired other writers, such as Catullus and Virgil. 

1091

1091 (MXCI) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>





</onlyinclude>

Robert D'Oyly, first Lord of Oxford Castle

1092

Year 1092 (MXCII) was a leap year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1074

Year 1074 (MLXXIV) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1075

1075 (MLXXV) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1077

Year 1077 (MLXXVII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.








Shawn Drover

Shawn Drover (born May 5, 1966) is a Canadian musician. He is best known as the drummer of the American heavy metal band Megadeth.

He also played for the Canadian power metal band Eidolon with his brother Glen Drover.

Drover joined the band in 2004 five days before "Blackmail The Universe Tour" and replaced Nick Menza who wasn't able to prepare for the physical demands of a full US tour. Drover also plays guitar and he played guitar during the "Blackmail The Universe Tour" in Kawasaki, Japan on April 3, 2005. He also played in the band with his brother Glen Drover and switched instruments with him during the songs "Paranoid" and the second half of "Peace Sells".

After Glen quit the band, Shawn suggested that Chris Broderick replace Glen. Drover showed videos of Broderick playing both the classical and electric guitar to Dave Mustaine and Mustaine got in contact with Broderick. Broderick was named the new guitarist for Megadeth two weeks after.

On November 25th, 2014, he announced that he leaving Megadeth. He announced this one day before guitarist Chris Broderick announced that he was leaving the band as well.

Open All Hours

Open All Hours is a British television sitcom created and written by Roy Clarke for the BBC. It ran for 26 episodes in four series, which aired in 1976, 1981, 1982 and 1985. The programme developed from a television pilot broadcast in Ronnie Barker's comedy anthology series, "Seven of One" (1973). "Open All Hours" ranked eighth in the 2004 Britain's Best Sitcom poll. It is set in a small grocery shop in Balby, Doncaster, South Yorkshire. It stars Ronnie Barker as the owner Albert Arkwright and David Jason as his nephew Granville, who works for him. Lynda Baron plays nurse Gladys Emanuel, whom Arkwright is strongly attracted to. A sequel, entitled "Still Open All Hours", began airing in 2013.

1079

Year 1079 (MLXXIX) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Intel Atom

Intel Atom (made as Intel Centrino (2003-2010) in 2003) (formerly called Centrino Atom (2008-2009)) is a low-power x86 Microprocessor. It was created by Intel for netbooks, smartphones, tablet computers, and embedded systems. It was created to compete with the ARM CPU. Its performance per watt is still not as good as the ARM, although the overall performance is better. For a given clock speed, the performance is about the same as a Pentium 4, but the power consumption is much lower.

1069

Year 1069 (MLXIX) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


1065

1065 (MLXV) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


Aries (constellation)

Aries is one of the constellations of the zodiac. It is in the Northern Hemisphere. Aries is Latin for ram - a male sheep. Its symbol is (), which represents a ram's horns. Aries had the meaning of a ram four thousand years ago in Babylonia. It represents the ram whose fleece (hair) became the Golden Fleece in Ancient Greek Mythology. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Aries when he made a list of 48 constellations.

1063

Year 1063 (MLXIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



Auriga (constellation)

Auriga is a constellation in the northern sky. It is the Latin word for "charioteer" - someone who drives a vehicle that is pulled by an animal. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Auriga in the 2nd century when he was writing a list of 48 constellations.

Citations
References

Boötes

Boötes, pronounced with both 'O's as 'boötez', is one of the 88 modern constellations in the northern sky. The name is from the Greek word , which means herdsman someone who takes care of animals.

The constellation's shape is like a kite. Boötes has the third brightest star in the night sky, called Arcturus (α Bootis). The astronomer Ptolemy listed it in the 2nd century when he made a list of 48 constellations.

The Cloverleaf quasar is visually in Bootes.



1064

Year 1064 (MLXIV) was a leap year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1059

Year 1059 (MLIX) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Robert Eddison

Robert Leadam Eddison OBE (10 June 1908 –14 December 1991) was a British actor who was known for his role as the Grail Knight in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade".

Eddison was born on 10 June 1908 in Yokohama, Japan to British parents. His grandparents were from the United States. He was raised in London, England. Eddison died on 14 December 1991 in London, England from pneumonia, aged 83.


1061

Year 1061 (MLXI) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>


1058

Year 1058 (MLVIII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1057

Year 1057 (MLVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>





</onlyinclude>



Caelum

Caelum is a constellation in the southern sky. It is hard to see because it is not very bright. It means "the chisel" in Latin. Before, people called Caelum Scalptorium, which means "the engraver's chisel". It was created and named by the French astronomer named Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in the 1750s. The brighest star in Caelum has a magnitude of 4.45. This means that all of the stars in Caelum are too dark for people who live in cities to see.

1054

Year 1054 (MLIV) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


1053

Year 1053 (MLIII) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1051

Year 1051 (MLI) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1049

Year 1049 (MXLIX) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>


1047

Year 1047 (MXLVII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Biotic

Biotic means anything living. Animals, plants, and microbes, for example, are all living organisms so they are considered "biotic" parts of the environment.


Camelopardalis

Camelopardalis is a constellation in the northern sky. It is hard to see because it is not very bright. It is also very large. It was created and named by the Dutch astronomer named Petrus Plancius in 1612. It represents a giraffe. Its brightest star, β Cam, has a magnitude of only 4.03. This means that Camelopardalis is very dark. People who live in cities cannot see Camelopardalis.

Callinectes

Callinectes (Blue crabs) is a genus of crabs. Sixteen species are in this genus. These species include the Atlantic blue crab, "C. sapidus":

Canes Venatici

Canes Venatici is a constellation in the northern sky. It means "the hunting dogs" in Latin. It was named and created by the Polish astronomer Johannes Hevelius in 1687. The astronomer named Ptolemy included it in Ursa Major when he made a list of 48 constellations in the 2nd century. Canes Venatici is not a very bright constellation. 


Callinectes exasperatus

Callinectes exasperatus (common name: rugose swimming crab) is a species of swimming crab. They can be found in the western Atlantic Ocean. This species of crab mainly only eats carrion (dead bodies of other animals). This species is not commercially fished. 

1044

Year 1044 (MXLIV) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1043

Year 1043 (MXLIII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


1041

Year 1041 (MXLI) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>


1038

Year 1038 (MXXXVIII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


1037

1037 (MXXXVII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1032

Year 1032 (MXXXII) was a leap year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1033

Year 1033 (MXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



1026

Year 1026 (MXXVI) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



1023

Year 1023 (MXXIII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1022

Year 1022 (MXXII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1020

Year 1020 (MXX) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1029

Year 1029 (MXXIX) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


1010

Year 1010 (MX) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>






</onlyinclude>



Province of Spalato

The Italian Province of Spalato (1941-1943) was an administrative section of the "Governorate of Dalmatia", created during World War II by the Italian government with "Regio Decreto Legge" of May 18, 1941.

The Province of Spalato was part of the Italian Governorate of Dalmatia and had an area of 975 km² with a population of 128,400 inhabitants. It was included the two main cities of Spalato (Split) and Trau (Trogir) and their hinterland, extending north to Sebenico (Šibenik). Additionally there were the islands of Lissa, Curzola, Lagosta, Cazza, Pelagosa (these last 3 removed from the "Italian Province of Zara") and Meleda.

The province bordered only the Independent State of Croatia. The "Capoluogo" (administrative center) was Spalato, where there was the "Tribunal" and was edited the Italian newspaper "San Marco". There was even the football team "AC Spalato", that substituted the local Hajduk ruled by Slavs.

Most of the population of the newly created province was Croatian, but there was even a small -but historical- community of nearly 3,000 Dalmatian Italians (only in Spalato city they were more than 1,000 in 1940, even if greatly reduced from the first half of the XIX century when they were more than one third of the city's population ).

Italian General Vittorio Ambrosio conquered in a few days all the Dalmatian coast of Yugoslavia, and occupied in April 1941 the area of southern Dalmatia around Spalato (called officially "Split" only since 1919).
The new Italian province of Spalato was created by order of Mussolini the next month, with the "May 19 Treaty between Italy and Croatia". Valerio Paolo Zerbino was named "Prefect" of the Province of Spalato, serving from June 1941 to August 1943.

The governorship of the Spalato province (and all the Governorate of Dalmatia) was held by Giuseppe Bastianini until January 1943 when he was recalled to Italy to join the cabinet; his place as governor was taken by Francesco Giunta.

In summer 1941 the Italian government started a policy of "Italianization" in all the Governorate of Dalmatia. New Italian schools were opened in Spalato. Administrative personnel from Italy moved to Spalato and Trau (nearly 6,700 Dalmatian Italians took refuge in Italy after the creation of Yugoslavia in 1919, and many of them were offered work if they returned to settle with their families in the Governorate of Dalmatia). Bastianini started needed public works, building hospitals, sewage systems and roads in the area. Even the "Bank of Italy" opened a branch in Spalato 

Thousands of Jews from Croatia took refuge inside the Governorate, and many moved to the Spalato area mainly in 1942.

In August 1943 the Governorate administrative personnel left Dalmatia and returned to the Italian peninsula: the area was ruled by the Italian military until mid-September 1943 when was occupied by German troops. After the disappearance of the province, all the area -that under Italian presence was spared the bloody guerrilla that happened in Ante Pavelic's Croatia- started to be involved in the massacres of the Yugoslavian civil war during WWII.

After WWII nearly all the 3000 Dalmatian Italians of Spalato were forced to emigrate from Tito's Yugoslavia, but in 2012 there were still 100 in the city.

The "Comuni" (Municipalities) of the Province were 13 (2 of them, Spalato and Curzola, had a special status):




1013

Year 1013 (MXIII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. It was one thousand years before 2013.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1014

Year 1014 (MXIV) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



1016

Year 1016 (MXVI) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1017

Year 1017 (MXVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1018

Year 1018 (MXVIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (liNk will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



Canis Minor

Canis Minor is a constellation in the northern sky. It is Latin for "smaller dog" or "the lesser dog". The astronomer Ptolemy listed it when he made a list of 48 constellations in the 2nd century. Both Canis Minor and Canis Major (which means "larger dog" in Latin) represent dogs that follow the hunter named Orion in Greek Mythology.

The main shape of Canis Minor is made by two stars, which are named Procyon (Alpha Canis Minoris) and Gomeisa (Beta Canis Minoris). These stars are the only stars in Canis Minor that have a magnitude that is brigher than 4. Procyon has a magnitude of 0.39, which means that it is the seventh brightest star in the night sky. It is also very close to Earth, since it is only 11.4 light years away. Procyon is a binary star, which means that it actually has two stars that orbit each other. It has a white dwarf star and a white type F5 main-sequence star. Gomeisa has a magnitude of 2.9. Its temperature is 11,500°K, which means that it is very hot. It is a blue type B8 main-sequence star. It is 3 times the mass of the sun and 250 times more luminous than the sun. 

1007

Year 1007 (MVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>


1006

Year 1006 (MVI) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.








Abraham Cowley

Abraham Cowley (1618-1677) was an English writer, a poet and essayist. He wrote and published his first book of poetry at the young age of fifteen years, when he was still at school.

His most famous book was a collection of love poems, "The Mistress" (1647). Later, he also published a collection of essays in 1668, which was also quite popular.

Men's major golf championships

There are four major championships in men's golf:


Thomas Fuller

Thomas Fuller (1608–1661) was an English writer, historian and clergyman.

After taking a Master of Arts degree from Cambridge University he decided to join the church. He used to write to share his ideas with people.

He wrote many books like "The History of the Holy War" (1639), "The Holy State and Profane State" (1642), "Good Thoughts in Bad Times" (1645), "Good Thoughts in Worse Times" (1647), "A History of the University of Cambridge" (1659) and "Mixed Contemplations in Better Times" (1660). 

Thomas Fuller strongly supported the English Royalist party and was very loyal to King Charles I of England. He suffered a lot after his defeat but later on, after the English Restoration, he became Chaplain to King Charles II of England.

The Lock

The Lock is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted around 1776-79. The picture measures 71 × 92 cm (28 × 36.2 in). It hangs in the Louvre. Fragonard is (and was) famous for mildly erotic scenes. After his marriage in 1769, he painted family scenes.

Favelas

A favela () is the term for a slum in Brazil. They are mostly found on the outskirts of urban areas. The people living in the favelas are the poor, and the rich people live in the city. Most of the buildings in favelas are made out of cheap materials, like plastic, wood, glass and scrap. The people usually build their houses themselves and invite their friends to help them build. Crime is not common in favelas,only 1% of residents are criminals or involved in criminal activity. The favelas themselves are also considered illegal, because the people do not pay tax.


Explanation

An explanation is an attempt to answer the question "why". Asked of a person, it is a question about motive: "why did you do this?". Asked of a natural event, it is a question about natural causes (causation).

In science, an explanation is the link between an event which is a cause, and a second event, which is an effect. The phrase "cause and effect" refers to this. The relationship between the two events is known as causality. The philosopher Mario Bunge said, "We do not rest content with finding facts but wish to know why they should occur rather than not".

As a general rule, explanations move from what we know to what we do not know. This is important because it explains why different kinds of people may need different explanations. "A child, a lay person and an expert may need different explanations of the same thing, since what is already familiar to them will differ".

The asking of questions depends on language, and is peculiar to humans. It starts very soon after a child learns how to speak. A kind of game which young children play with adults is the 'why game'. Every parent gets the experience of their child asking a never-ending stream of why questions, until at last the adult says "Well, it just is!"

There can be plenty of argument about whether or not an explanation is appropriate, and if so, whether it is correct. If one asks why the sun gives out heat and light, to say "because it is daytime" is not appropriate, even if it might indeed be daytime. The real answer was not known until the 20th century. Before then peoples like the ancient Egyptians thought it was caused by a god (Aten).

Different kinds of why questions need different kinds of explanations. including:

These add something to human knowledge.

A personal question like "Why did you do that?" clearly asks for an explanation. What that explanation might be depends on context: it all depends on circumstance. This type of question about motives only applies to the people concerned.

Many kinds of explanations are made up of more than one type. An explanation can be valid or invalid or a combination of both. Some explanations may appear reasonable, but turn out to be misleading or wrong.


Mrs. Thomas Gainsborough, nee Margaret Burr

Mrs. Thomas Gainsborough, nee Margaret Burr is an oil painting by Thomas Gainsborough. It was painted about 1778. It measures 76.6 cm x 63.8 cm. It hangs in the Courtauld Institute Galleries in England. The subject is the artist's wife.

Mr. and Mrs. Andrews

Mr. and Mrs. Andrews is an oil painting on canvas by Thomas Gainsborough. It was painted circa 1748-1750. It measures 69.8 × 119.4 cm (27.5 × 47 in). It hangs in the National Gallery, London, England.

Voiceless consonant

In phonetics, a voiceless consonant is a consonant that is made without any vibration of the vocal chords. Sounds like [] (such as in pet), [] (such as in fun), and [] (such as in sear) are all voiceless consonants.

Fourth Geneva Convention

The Fourth Geneva Convention (full tilte: Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War) is an international treaty signed in 1949. These treaties are known as Geneva Conventions, because they were originally signed in Geneva. The fourth geneva convention protects civilians in a war zone and prohibit forced migration in general. Currently, 194 countries are party to this treaty of international law.

In 1993, the United Nations Security Council adopted a report from the Secretary-General and a Commission of Experts; this report stated that the Geneva Conventions had passed into the body of customary international law. If this is the case, the treaties are binding even to countries who did not sign them,whenever they engage in armed conflicts.

John Roxborough Norman

John Roxborough Norman was a British ichthyologist. He was born in 1898 and died on 26 May 1944 in London.

He started as a clerk in a bank. He was in the military during the First World War. He got rheumatic fever during this time, and had it his whole life. He entered the British Museum in 1921 where he worked for Charles Tate Regan (1878-1943). From 1939 to 1944, he was in charge of the Natural History Museum at Tring. Norman wrote "A History of Fishes" (1931) and "A Draft Synopsis of the Orders, Families and Genera of Recent Fishes" (1957).


994

994 (CMXCIV) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



993

Year 993 (CMXCIII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



992

992 (CMXCII) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>


991

991 (CMXCI) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



Betty Fussell

Betty Harper Fussell (born July 28, 1927) is an American writer and food historian. She as write many books about food history, recipes, and her memoir. She is also a critic and educator. Fussell worked with the New York Times, The New Yorker, and the Los Angeles Times. During her career, she won many awards and received many honors. In 2009, she was made a member of "Who’s Who of Food & Beverage in America".

Fussell was born in Riverside, California. She was raised in both in California and in New York City. She studied at Pomona College, Radcliffe College, and Rutgers University. Fussell was married to American writer Paul Fussell from 1949 until they divorced in 1981. They have two children. She now lives in New York City.


Robert Kardashian

Robert George Kardashian (February 22, 1944 – September 30, 2003) was an American lawyer and businessman. He was the lawyer for O. J. Simpson when he was accused for murder. David Schwimmer played his role in the 2016 FX miniseries "".

Kardashian was an Armenian-American. He was the husband of Kris Jenner and the father of Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and Rob,

Kardashian was born on February 22, 1944 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the University of Southern California and at the University of San Diego School of Law.

Kardashian was married to Kris Jenner from 1978 until they divorced in 1991. Then he was married to Jan Ashley from 1998 until they divorced in 1999. Then he was married to Ellen Pearson from 2003 until his death two months later.

Kardashian was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in July 2003. Less than eight weeks after his diagnosis, he died at age 59 on September 30, 2003. He was buried at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California.

Charioteer of Delphi

The Charioteer of Delphi is a Greek bronze sculpture from the early Classical period, about 477 BC. It stands 1.8 m tall. 

It was discovered in the sanctuary of Apollo at Delphi during excavations by French archaeologists in 1896. With the statue were found fragments of a sculpted chariot, sculpted horses, and a small, sculpted person, presumably the charioteer's groom. All would have been part of a large monument. The charioteer monument was commissioned by Polyzalos, a Sicilian tyrant, to commemorate his victory in the chariot races about 477 BC. At some point, according to Greek practice, the statue was buried, probably because of irreparable damage.

Dylan Olsen

Dylan D. Olsen (born January 3, 1991 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American born-Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL. He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Florida Panthers of the NHL

He was drafted with the 28th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He began his hockey career when he was drafted by the Medicine Hat Tigers in the 2006 WHL Bantam Draft. He instead played for the Camrose Kodiaks of the AJHL for three seasons before he left to play college hockey. He played college hockey at the University of Minnesota Duluth with the Bulldogs.

After he finished his college hockey career, he played for the Chicago Blackhawks' AHL farm team, the Rockford IceHogs for 2 seasons. On November 14, 2013, the Blackhawks traded Olsen along with Jimmy Hayes to the Florida Panthers for Kris Versteeg and Philippe Lefebvre.

His father was also an ice hockey player that played one game in the NHL with the Calgary Flames in the 1991-92 NHL season.

Joseph Heller

Joseph Heller (May 1, 1923 - December 12, 1999) was an American novelist and playwright. He was born in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York City. He was most famous for the satirical war novel "Catch-22" (1961). He died of a heart attack in East Hampton, Long Island, New York.

Harita Kaur Deol

Flt. Lt. Harita Kaur Deol (1972 – 25 December 1996) is a pilot with the Indian Air Force (IAF). She was the first woman pilot to fly solo in the IAF. The flight was on 2 September 1994. She was 22 years old at the time.

Harita is originally from Chandigarh. She joined the Air Force in 1992, when it advertised for the first time 8 jobs for women pilots.

She flew an Avro aircraft. She landed at the Yelahanka Air Force Station, near Bangalore. Two more women, Flight Cadets Archana Kapoor and Bindu Sebastian, did their solo flights on the Avro after Harita.

There had been other female pilots in India before, but Harita was the first time a woman was flying for the Air Force.

She died in a air crash in 1996.

Paul Verhoeven

Paul Verhoeven (born 18 July 1938) is a Dutch movie director, producer and writer. He was born in Amsterdam. He directed American movies "RoboCop", "Total Recall", "Basic Instinct", "Showgirls" and "Starship Troopers". He wrote and directed Dutch movie "Black Book".

During his youth Verhoeven was for a short time a Pentecostal Christian. Although he is an atheist, he takes a great interest in Jesus. He is a member of the Jesus Seminar and wrote ""Jesus of Nazareth"" in 2007, a liberal view on Jesus. He is intending to make a movie about Jesus.

Emmeline Pankhurst

Emmeline Pankhurst (née Goulden; 15 July 1858 – 14 June 1928) was the leader of the British suffragette movement which helped women win the right to vote.

In 1999 "Time" named Pankhurst as one of the 100 Most Important People of the 20th Century, stating: "she shaped an idea of women for our time; she shook society into a new pattern from which there could be no going back." She was widely criticized for her militant tactics, but her work helped to achieve women's suffrage in Britain.

After her husband died in 1898, Pankhurst founded the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU), an organisation dedicated to "deeds, not words". The group became infamous when its members smashed windows and assaulted police officers. Pankhurst, her daughters, and other WSPU activists were sentenced to repeated prison sentences, where they staged hunger strikes to secure better conditions. As Pankhurst's oldest daughter Christabel took the helm of the WSPU, antagonism between the group and the government grew. Eventually arson became a common tactic among WSPU members, and more moderate organisations spoke out against the Pankhurst family. In 1913 several prominent individuals left the WSPU, among them Pankhurst's daughters Adela and Sylvia. The family rift never healed.

With the advent of the First World War, Emmeline and Christabel called an immediate halt to militant suffrage activism in support of the British Government's stand against the "German Peril". They urged women to aid industrial production and encouraged young men to fight. In 1918 the Representation of the People Act granted votes to women over the age of 30 and the WSPU was disbanded.

Pankhurst transformed the WSPU machinery into the Women's Party, dedicated to promoting women's equality in public life. In her later years she became concerned with the 'Bolshevik menace' and – unhappy with the political alternatives – joined the Conservative Party. She died in 1928, 17 days before women got equal voting rights and was commemorated two years later with a statue in London's Victoria Tower Gardens.


983

983 (CMLXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



982

Year 982 (CMLXXXII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



Saif al-Arab Gaddafi

Saif al-Arab al-Gaddafi (1982 - April 30, 2011) was one of the sons of the former Libyan dictator Muammar al-Gaddafi. His name meant "Sword of the Arabs." He was killed in an air strike by NATO on 31 April 2011.

Overcoat

An overcoat is a long coat which is worn over other clothes. Overcoats are made from a warm, heavy cloth or even animal fur. They go below the knee in length. A coat that is knee length is known as a topcoat. Overcoats have been worn for hundreds of years. Many armies dressed their soldiers in overcoats during the winter. 

There are many styles and types of overcoats. These include:

Carbonyl

A carbonyl is the group C=O in a molecule. It is a carbon and an oxygen atom with a double bond between them. Carbon has another two bonds, which can in general be with any other group. For example, a carbonyl is the C=O bit of a ketone, aldehyde or ester.

Because oxygen is more electronegative than carbon, the electrons in the bond are more towards it. This means that in acid, a proton will go on the oxygen atom. Both the carbon and the oxygen in the group are sp hybridized.

The carbonyl is a very important functional group, because chemists can do many reactions with it. It is easy to do nucleophilic additions to it, which makes the molecule bigger. It is also easy to do redox reactions, for example forming an alcohol. The alcohol then is also a very useful group.

Carbonyls are found in many natural substances and also in drugs and medicines. It is easy to check if a carbonyl is in a molecule. It gives a very strong signal in infrared spectroscopy. In carbon NMR spectroscopy, the signal is usually at very high frequency, away from many other peaks.

Ester

An ester is a molecule that includes a carbon atom, double-bonded to an oxygen atom, and single-bonded to another oxygen atom that is bonded to a carbon atom. In other words, a carbonyl with an ether group on the carbon atom. The group can be written as COOR. They can be made by reacting a carboxylic acid with an alcohol with some acid. 

Esters are a very important functional group. They can be found in many substances. They are very common in fats and oils. They sometimes have a very strong, nice smell. They can be used to make perfumes. Polyesters are found in plastics.

Esters can also do many reactions. It is very easy to change the ether part of the molecule with another similar one. It is also possible to reduce the ester to a ketone or an alcohol, which can do many different reactions. Nucleophilic addition is also a good reaction, though a bit more difficult than with ketones.

There are many ways to find out if a molecule has an ester group. Infrared spectroscopy gives very sharp signals, which are different from other carbonyls. Carbon NMR spectroscopy has similar characteristics.

Sandra Oh

Sandra Oh (born July 20, 1971) is a Canadian-American actress and producer. She is best known for her starring roles as Rita Wu in the HBO comedy series "Arliss" (1996–2002), Cristina Yang in the ABC medical drama series "Grey's Anatomy" (2005–2014), and Eve Polastri in the critically acclaimed BBC spy thriller series "Killing Eve" (2018–2022). She has received numerous accolades, including two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards, and twelve Primetime Emmy Award nominations.

Green iguana

The green iguana or common iguana ("Iguana iguana") is a lizard native to Central and South America and the Caribbean. It is an arboreal herbivorous species that belongs to the genus "Iguana." 

The green iguana ranges over a large geographic area, from southern Brazil and Paraguay as far north as Mexico. Also the Caribbean islands, especially Puerto Rico, where they are very common throughout the island; and in the United States in South Florida (including the Florida Keys), Hawaii, and the Rio Grande Valley of Texas.


David Strathairn

David Russell Strathairn (born January 26, 1949) is an American actor and entertainer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in 2006 for his role as Edward R. Murrow in "Good Night, and Good Luck". He is also known for his role as Secretary of State William H. Seward in the 2012 movie "Lincoln". He won an Emmy Award in 2010.

Strathairn was born on January 26, 1949 in San Francisco, California. His grandparents were Scottish. He studied at Redwood High School, at Williams College, and he studied to become a clown at Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Clown College. Strathairn has been married to Logan Goodman since 1980. They have two children. He now lives in Poughkeepsie, New York.


Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin

Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin (2 November 1699 – 6 December 1779) was an 18th-century French painter. He is considered a master of still life. He is also noted for paintings which depict women and children engaged in domestic activities. 

Assemblies of God

The Assemblies of God is a United States-based Christian denomination; a large group of Pentecostal churches. There are over 64 million members in over 200 countries.

The AG is Trinitarian. They view the Bible as divinely inspired. The Bible provides the rules of faith and conduct. Baptism by immersion is practiced. Baptism is understood as an outward sign of an inward change. The change is from being dead in sin to being alive in Christ. Communion is also practiced. The Assemblies of God also places a strong emphasis on the fulfillment of the Great Commission and believes that this is the main calling of the church.

The most recent World congress was held in Springfield, Missouri in August 2014.


Denis McDonough

Denis Richard McDonough (born December 2, 1969) is an American politician. He is the 11th and current United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs since February 9, 2021. McDonough is the second non-veteran to serve in this position. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

He was the 26th White House Chief of Staff from 2013 to 2017 during the Barack Obama presidency.

In December 2020, then President-elect Joe Biden nominated McDonough to serve as the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs in his administration. On February 8, 2021, the United States Senate confirmed McDonough to be Secretary of the VA in a vote of 87-7, with 6 senators absent. 

 

Ellen Johnson Sirleaf

Ellen Johnson Sirleaf (born 29 October 1938) is the 24th President of Liberia serving from 2006 through 2018. Sirleaf is the first elected female head of state in Africa.

Sirleaf was awarded the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize, along with Leymah Gbowee of Liberia and Tawakel Karman of Yemen. The women were recognized "for their non-violent struggle for the safety of women and for women’s rights to full participation in peace-building work."

In December 2021, James Sirleaf one of the sons of Ellen Sirleaf died in his residence in Liberia under unknown circumstances.


Mia Kirshner

Mia Kirshner (born January 25, 1975) is an actress that stars primarily on television. She starred as Jenny Schecter in "The L Word" and Mandy in "24". She has, however, starred in some movies. She was born next to Toronto.

Latona Fountain

The Latona Fountain (Fr: "Bassin de Latone") is a fountain. It lies on the east-west alignment between the Palace of Versailles, the Apollo Fountain, the Green Carpet, and the Grand Canal. Latone faces west. The fountain was designed by Le Nôtre in 1666. The fountain figures were executed in lead by the Marsy brothers between 1668 and 1670. In 1686 Hardouin-Mansart altered the fountain. He had the figure of Latona (which originally faced the palace) turned 180 degrees. He also raised her pedestal.

The fountain is designed in the wedding cake style. On the top tier, there is a statue of the goddess Latona. In addition to the goddess Latona are her young children, Apollo and Diana. The second and third tiers of the fountain have frogs. The lowest tier has turtles and alligators. Latona turned the Lycean peasants into frogs when they mocked her and refused to give her water in her flight from the jealous and angry Juno.


Cookie's Fortune

Cookie's Fortune is a 1999 crime comedy with Julianne Moore, Glenn Close and Patricia Neal heading the cast. The subject for this comedy-drama is southern hospitality. It was shot around north central Mississippi, where "Cookie's Fortune" is mainly set. Liv Tyler is also in the cast.

Aud the Deep-Minded

Aud the Deep-Minded (834–900 AD) was an early settler in Iceland.

Josephine Baker

Josephine Baker (June 3, 1906 – April 12, 1975) was an American-born French dancer, singer, and actress. She was born Freda Josephine McDonald in St. Louis, Missouri. Fluent in both English and French, Baker became an international musical and political icon. She was given such nicknames as the "Bronze Venus", the "Black Pearl", and the "Créole Goddess".

Baker was the first African-American female to star in a major motion picture, "Zouzou" (1934), and to become a world-famous entertainer.

She tried to integrate an American concert hall, and is noted for her contributions to the Civil Rights Movement in the United States. She was offered the unofficial leadership of the movement by Coretta Scott King in 1968 following Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassination, but turned it down.

Baker became a citizen of France in 1937. She helped the French Resistance during World War II, and was awarded the Croix de Guerre, the Légion d'Honneur and the Rosette of the Résistance after the war.

When Josephine came to Paris in the 1920s for "La Revue Nègre", it was a turning point in her career. Her career thrived, and when "La Revue Nègre" closed, Josephine starred in "La Folie du Jour" at the Follies-Bergère Theater. Her performance, and her banana costume made her a celebrity. Josephine rivalled Gloria Swanson and Mary Pickford as the most photographed woman in the world: by 1927 she earned more than any entertainer in Europe. She starred in two movies in the early 1930s, "Zou-Zou" and "Princess Tam-Tam", and moved her family from St. Louis to Les Milandes, her estate in Castelnaud-Fayrac, France.

In later shows in Paris she was often accompanied on stage by her pet cheetah, Chiquita, who was adorned with a diamond collar. The cheetah frequently escaped into the orchestra pit, where it terrorized the musicians, adding another element of excitement to the show.

Baker had 12 children through adoption. She bore only one child herself, stillborn in 1941. Josephine Baker was married four times.

Clare of Assisi

Clare of Assisi (July 16, 1194 – August 11, 1253), born Chiara Offreduccio, is an Italian saint. She was one of the first followers of Saint Francis of Assisi. Saint Clare of Assisi was of noble birth, her father, Favorone Offreduccio, was the Count of Sasso-Rosso and her mother, Ortolana di Fiumi, was from aristocratic descent. She was born as Chiara Offreduccio di Favaronne in Assisi. She was promised in marriage at age of 12, but it was canceled due to her father's death. She was the oldest child in her family. 

When she was 18 years old, she heard Francis of Assisi preaching. She was extremely moved by his sermon, so she ran away to join him. Francis didn't have a place for women to stay, so he sent her to the Benedictine convent in San Paulo. Clare's relatives found out where she was staying, but when they arrived to take her back home, she clung to the altar saying she would only wed Christ. When she was staying in another monastery in Panzo, she was reunited with her younger sister, Agnes. Later, when she was 21, she was moved to another convent next to the San Damiano church, where she was appointed the superior for 40 years. In that church, she was reunited with her mother and her other sister named Beatrice. 

Saint Clare of Assisi will be remembered for founding the "Order of Poor Ladies", later named “Poor Clares.” The order of Poor Clares was an order that had strict rules, such as silence vows, poverty, and strict fasting. The Poor Clares was an order for women so they could become closer to God. 

Catherine of Siena

Saint Catherine of Siena (March 25, 1347 – April 29, 1380) was a saint. She was born in Sienna and died in Rome. She promoted peace in Italy and is one of the two patron saints of Italy; the other being Saint Francis of Assisi 

She was born Katerina de Benincasa in western Italy, the 25th of 25 children. She was born at the time of the Black Death, or Bubonic Plague. Although it probably killed many she knew, she herself did not contract the disease and survived the epidemic. She had a twin sister, who died several months later. Her family was part of the lower classes and she did not become literate until 1378. 

At the age of six, Catherine had a vision of Jesus Christ. She continued to receive many visions throughout her life. At age 12, Catherine cut off her hair and was obligated to serve her family, living in small quarters in the basement. At the age of 16, she entered the Third Order of Saint Dominic and later became a Dominican nun. At age 28 she received the stigmata when praying next to a crucifix. 

She wrote a book called "Dialogue", which taught that if you love your neighbors it is loving God. She also devoted her life to improving the Catholic church, helping the ill, poor, and spiritually underprivileged. Catherine persuaded the pope to return from Avignon, France and back into Rome. She also tried to start a new Crusade to the holy land, Jerusalem. She died of “holy anorexia”, as she ate very little in the name of God. She became a saint in 1461, and was later made a Doctor of the Church in 1970 by Pope Paul VI and a patron of Europe in 1999. 

Eleanor, Fair Maid of Brittany

Eleanor the "Fair Maid of Brittany" (c. 1184 – 10 August 1241) was a member of the nobility of England. She was the eldest daughter of Geoffrey Plantagenet and Constance, Duchess of Brittany. She was seen as a potential threat to the throne by her uncle, John of England, and cousin, Henry III of England. She was put in prison from 1202, and so became the longest imprisoned member of an English royal family except for Wulfnoth Godwinson. Although still treated honorably as a princess, she was never released or permitted to marry.

In 1268, Henry III ordered Amesbury to commemorate Arthur and Eleanor along with kings and queens.

Buchenwald concentration camp

Buchenwald concentration camp was a Nazi concentration camp during World War II. In German, the camp was called "Konzentrationslager (KZ) Buchenwald." It was built in Germany in 1937, and stayed open until 1945. Buchenwald was one of the first and largest labor camps built in Germany.

The Nazis sent people from all over Europe and the Soviet Union to Buchenwald. There, they were prisoners and did forced labor in weapons factories.

After the Allies won World War II, the Soviet Union took over Buchenwald and some other parts of Germany. From 1945 to 1950, they used Buchenwald as an internment camp. They called it NKVD Special Camp Number 2. (The NKVD was the Soviet police organization that ran the camp.) On January 6, 1950, the Soviets handed over Buchenwald to the East German Ministry of Internal Affairs.

Today, what is left of Buchenwald is a memorial. There is also a museum there.

The Nazis built Buchenwald on the "Ettersberg" (Etter Mountain), near Weimar, Germany, in July of 1937. They named the camp "Buchenwald," which means "beech forest" in English. On the camp's main gate, they wrote "Jedem das Seine" ("Each to their own”).

Between April 1938 and April 1945, about 238,380 people were sent to Buchenwald. These prisoners included people from many different countries. They also included many Allied prisoners of war (POWs). Over 56,000 prisoners died at Buchenwald.

Buchenwald’s first commandant (camp leader) was Karl-Otto Koch. He ran the camp from 1937 to July 1941. His second wife, Ilse Koch, became well known as "Die Hexe von Buchenwald" ("the witch of Buchenwald") for the terrible ways she treated the prisoners. Koch made the prisoners build a zoo at Buchenwald, with a bear pit ("Bärenzwinger").

Eventually, Koch was put in prison at Buchenwald himself. At first, two Nazi officials named Prince Waldeck and Dr. Morgen accused Koch of encouraging murder. Later, Koch was also charged with corruption, embezzlement, black market dealings, and using the camp's workers to meet his own needs. Other camp officials were also charged, including Ilse Koch.

Karl Koch was tried and sentenced to death. He was executed by a firing squad on April 5, 1945. This was just one week before American soldiers arrived and took over Buchenwald.

After the war, Ilse Koch was sentenced to four years in jail. At first, her sentence was cut down to two years and she was set free. However, after this, she was arrested again and sentenced to life in prison by the new German government. She killed herself in jail in September 1967.

Buchenwald's second commandant was Hermann Pister. He controlled the camp from 1942 to 1945, when it was taken over by American soldiers.

After the war, Pister was tried in the Nuremberg Trials, and was sentenced to death. However, in September 1948, before he could be executed, Pister died of a heart problem.

The Nazis sent prisoners from all over Europe and the Soviet Union to Buchenwald. These included:

Somewhere between 500 and 1,000 women prisoners were kept at Buchenwald. First, in 1941, twenty female political prisoners were brought to Buchenwald from Ravensbrück concentration camp. They were forced to work as sex slaves in the camp's brothel.

However, most of the female prisoners were sent to Buchenwald in 1944 and 1945 from other concentration camps. They were sent mainly from Auschwitz, Ravensbrück, and Bergen Belsen. Later, all the women prisoners were sent to Buchenwald's many female satellite camps (smaller camps around Buchenwald).

Ilse Koch was the head supervisor ("Oberaufseherin") of 22 other female guards and hundreds of women prisoners in the main camp. More than 530 other female guards worked in Buchenwald's many other, smaller camps ("subcamps"). Only 22 women served or trained in the main Buchenwald camp, compared to over 15,500 men.

When the Nazis captured soldiers from Western Allied countries, they almost always sent them to prisoner of war camps, not concentration camps. However, they did keep a group of 168 airmen (flyers) at Buchenwald for two months. These men were from the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and Jamaica. They got to Buchenwald on August 20, 1944.

These airmen's planes had crashed in France, which Nazi Germany controlled. The airmen were sent to Buchenwald, not a POW camp, because the Nazis said they were spies and "terror bombers."

After the war, one airman remembered arriving at Buchenwald:

The airmen were treated and abused in the same way as the other prisoners at Buchenwald. Two airmen died there. Then, in October 1944, the airmen were sent to Stalag Luft III, a regular POW camp. The airmen who were accused of being "terror bombers" were going to be executed at Buchenwald after October 24. They were saved by officers of the Luftwaffe (the German air force), who visited Buchenwald. When they got back to Berlin, these officers made sure the airmen were sent to a regular POW camp, and not executed.

The Nazis' goal for camps like Buchenwald was "Vernichtung durch Arbeit" ("extermination through labor"). This meant that prisoners were being sent to Buchenwald to be worked to death.

Because of the terrible living conditions in the camp, illness was very common and spread quickly. Prisoners were also starving. Because of this combination of illness and starvation, many prisoners were actually "worked to death" as the Nazis had planned. However, many other inmates died from executions, experiments by Nazi doctors, and other causes.
Summary executions of Soviet POWs (executions without a trial) were also done at Buchenwald. In 1941 and 1942, at least 1,000 men were chosen to be killed and were sent to Buchenwald, where they were immediately shot in the back of the head.

Nazi doctors also did experiments on prisoners at Buchenwald. For example, in 1942 and 1943, they used 729 prisoners to test a vaccine for typhus. This meant the prisoners were given the vaccine, and then given typhus on purpose. 154 of these prisoners died. In another experiment, Nazi doctors wanted to see how much of a certain poison was needed to kill a person. They gave four Russian POWs the poison. When the POWs did not die, they were "strangled in the crematorium" and then "dissected" (cut apart to study their bodies). Doctors also burned other prisoners very badly with white phosphorus to test whether a medicine would help similar wounds caused by bombs. After the war ended, at the Nuremberg Trials, one of these doctors defended himself by saying that while he was a doctor, he was also a "legally appointed executioner" (meaning the law allowed him to kill people).

The SS left behind records of how many prisoners came to the camp and how many left. They recorded how many prisoners were let go, sent to another camp, or died. These records say that 33,462 prisoners died at Buchenwald. However, these records may not be completely true. For example, before 1944, when the SS killed prisoners, they often wrote down that the prisoners were "transferred to the Gestapo," not that they were killed. Also, starting in 1941, many Soviet POWs were executed in mass killings. These POWs would be killed as soon as they got to the camp, and were never added to the camp's records. This means they were not listed among the 33,462 dead.

One former Buchenwald prisoner, Armin Walter, counted the number of people who were killed by being shot in the back of the head. Walter's job at Buchenwald was to set up and care for a radio system at the place where people were executed. He counted the number of people who were killed and hid the information. He says that 8,483 Soviet prisoners of war were shot and killed.

When all these deaths are added up, the total number of people who died at Buchenwald is about 56,545. This number includes:

This total of 56,545 deaths means that 24% of the prisoners who were sent to Buchenwald died.

On April 4, 1945, United States soldiers took over Ohrdruf, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps. Ohrdruf was the first Nazi camp liberated (taken over and freed) by U.S. soldiers.

Two days later, the Nazis started trying to evacuate (move everybody out of) Buchenwald. They made thousands of prisoners go on forced marches toward other camps that the Americans had not yet reached.

A Polish engineer named Gwidon Damazyn, who had been a prisoner since March 1941, had set up a secret short-wave radio. On April 8 at noon, Damazyn and Russian prisoner Konstantin Ivanovich Leonov sent a message in Morse code to the Allies. The message had been written by the leaders of the prisoners' underground resistance movement (a group of prisoners who tried to fight the Nazis in secret). It said:

The text was repeated several times in English, German, and Russian. Damazyn sent the English and German messages, and Leonov sent the Russian version. Three minutes after Damazyn sent the last message, the headquarters of the Third United States Army answered:

Damazyn fainted after getting the message.

After learning this news, Communist inmates attacked the camp's watchtowers and killed the guards who were still at the camp. They used guns they had been collecting since 1942 (one machine gun and 91 rifles).

United States soldiers arrived at Buchenwald on April 11, 1945 at 3:15 P.M. (The clock at the entrance gate is now permanently set to this time). The soldiers were given a hero's welcome.

Later that day, United States soldiers took over Langenstein, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps. There, they freed over 21,000 prisoners. They also ordered the mayor of Langenstein to send food and water to the camp, and rushed in medical supplies from an American field hospital.
On Thursday, April 12, 1945, some journalists arrived at Buchenwald. The journalists included Edward R. Murrow, whose radio report about seeing Buchenwald was broadcast on CBS and became one of his most famous:

Between 1945 and February 10, 1950, the camp was run by the Soviet Union. They used it as a prison camp called Special Camp Number 2.

The Soviet Union held 28,455 prisoners, including 1,000 women, at Special Camp Number 2. Soviet records say that 7,113 of these prisoners died. They were buried in mass graves in the woods around the camp. Their families were not told they had died.

Prisoners at Special Camp Number 2 included: 

The NKVD (the Soviet police organization that ran the camp) would not let the prisoners talk to anyone outside the camp. The NKVD also did not try to figure out whether the prisoners were guilty.

On January 6, 1950, the Soviet Minister of Internal Affairs, Sergei Nikiforovich Kruglov, decided that the East German Ministry of Internal Affairs would take over all of the NKVD special camps, including the one at Buchenwald.

In October 1950, Buchenwald was destroyed. The main gate, the crematorium, the hospital block, and two guard towers were left standing. All prisoner barracks and other buildings were torn down. Many of them have been rebuilt.

Just days after the camp was liberated in 1945, freed prisoners built a monument to honor the people who died at Buchenwald. It was made of wood and was meant to be temporary. Eventually it was replaced by a monument made of stainless steel. The surface of this monument is kept at , the temperature of human skin, all year round.

A second monument was also built in 1958, near where prisoners had been buried together in mass graves.

Some people who survived being imprisoned at Buchenwald have written about what happened to them. These people include:

On June 5, 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited Buchenwald. Elie Wiesel and Bertrand Herz, two survivors of Buchenwald, went with them. During the visit, President Obama said at as a child, he had heard stories about Buchenwald from his great-uncle, who was part of the 89th Infantry Division. This Division was the first group of American soldiers to reach the Ohrdruf forced labor camp, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps.


Pope Joan

Pope Joan, Johannas, Iohannas or Joanna, was a legendary female Pope. Said to have ruled for two years during 855–857, her story first appeared in 13th century chronicles, then spread throughout Europe through the writings of preachers and story tellers. For centuries she was widely believed to be real; however, today religious scholars think her story is legend. Whether she is real or made up is subject to debate.

The Pope Joan story states that she was German and arrived in Rome dressed in men's clothes, managing to convince people that she was in fact a man. Her alleged male name was John Anglicus. She started out in the clergy as a curiae notary; next she became a cardinal, and then finally she became the Pope. She served as pope for about two and a half years but her true gender was exposed when she became pregnant. The birth of her child was thought to have taken place either on the road that separated the Colosseum and St. Clement's or in the church. Her death and punishment are unknown. 

Vannozza dei Cattanei

Vannozza dei Cattanei (13 July 1442 – 24 November 1518) was an Italian noblewoman. She was one of the many mistresses of Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia, future Pope Alexander VI. Among them, she was the one whose relationship with him lasted the longest.

Photorealism

Photorealism is a style of painting or drawing. The picture is done with a lot of detail to make it look exactly like a photograph. The subjects pictured were often boring, without any special interest. Photorealism developed as an art style in the 1960s and 1970s. Two famous photorealist artists are Richard Estes and Chuck Close.

My Name Is Skrillex

My Name Is Skrillex is the first EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex. "My Name Is Skrillex" was released on June 7, 2010 on his MySpace profile.

The album is the first solo EP by Sonny Moore under the alias Skrillex. He released a previous album titled "Gypsyhook" under his first name.


Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites

Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites is the second EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex.

"Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites" was released on October 22, 2010. Skrillex said that he recorded the EP in 2010 at his apartment using a laptop. The EP and song's name was inspired from the 1980 David Bowie album and song "Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps)".

The EP won two Grammys at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards for Best Dance Recording and for Best Dance/Electronica Album. The EP also received generally positive reviews from music critics and reached #49 on the Billboard 200 as well as #1 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart.


More Monsters and Sprites

More Monsters and Sprites is the third EP and first remix album by American electronic music producer, Skrillex.

"More Monsters and Sprites" was released on June 7, 2011. A music video for the song "First of the Year (Equinox)" which was directed by Tony Truand, was nominated for Best Short Form Music Video at the 54th Grammy Awards.

The EP also received generally positive reviews from music critics and reached #124 on the Billboard 200 as well as reaching the top five on both the Billboard Heatseekers and Dance/Electronica Albums chart.


Bangarang (EP)

Bangarang is the fifth EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex.

"Bangarang" was released on December 23, 2011. Singles from the EP are "Breakn' a Sweat" which features the American rock band The Doors and "Bangarang" which features American rapper Sirah.

The song "Breakn' a Sweat" was written for the 2012 documentary film Re:Generation. The iTunes version of the EP features an "Orchestral Suite" performed by Varien.

The EP received generally mixed to positive reviews from music critics. The EP reached #14 on the Billboard 200 as well as #1 on the Top Dance/Electronic Albums chart.


Leaving (EP)

Leaving is the sixth EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex. "Leaving" was released on January 2, 2013 to OWSLA's subscription service called The Nest.

Skrillex said that the title song "Leaving" was created in his hotel room in Mexico and that the song "The Reason" was finished an hour before the release of the EP in Moore's hotel room in Miami.


Amine

An amine is a molecule which has a nitrogen atom that can behave as a base. An amine can be thought of coming from ammonia. The difference is that the three hydrogens in ammonia are changed to any group or atom. If only one of the hydrogens is changed, the amine is called primary. If two are changed, the amine is called secondary. If all three are changed then it is called tertiary. 

Sometimes, a fourth group can be added to the nitrogen. This is called a quaternary ammonium cation. This is not an amine but is a salt. If one of the groups on the nitrogen is a carbonyl group, then the molecule is called amide. This has very different properties.

Amines are used a lot in chemistry. Since the nitrogen has a lone pair, it can do many reactions. It can take protons away from some acids. It can also be a nucleophile. It can be changed into imines and other functional groups.

Amines are also found in many proteins. They are a part of every amino acid.

Brenda Strong

Brenda Strong (born March 25, 1960 in Oregon) is an American actress who stars primarily in television programs. She has, however, starred in a limited number of movies. She acted as Mary Alice Young in the ABC sitcom "Desperate Housewives" and as Ann Ewing in the TNT television drama "Dallas", the 2012 edition. Before acting, she was crowned Miss Arizona 1980.

Transactinide element

Transactinide elements are elements that have atomic numbers greater than the actinides. They have atomic numbers from 104 to 120.

They are all synthetic and radioactive. They range from 104 rutherfordium to 118 oganesson on the periodic table.

Canis Major

Sirius is 20 times brighter than the sun.
Canis Major is a constellation that is in the southern sky. It means "greater dog" in Latin (also called large dog). There is also the constellation Canis Minor, which means "lesser dog" in Latin. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Canis Major when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

The star Sirius is in Canis Major. Sirius has a magnitude of -1.44, which means that it is the brightest star in the night sky. It is sometimes called the "dog star." Also, Sirius is only 8.6 light years away from Earth, which is very close (compared to other stars).
It also contains one of the largest stars known, VY Canis Majoris. VY Canis Majoris is around 1,500 times the size of the sun. The constellation also includes the blue bright giant star Aludra, yellow supergiant Wezen, and red giant Sigma Canis Majoris.

Ron Jeremy

Ronald Jeremy "Ron" Hyatt (born March 12, 1953) who is known professionally by his credited stage name as Ron Jeremy is an American former pornographic actor, movie actor, filmmaker, businessman, stand-up comedian, television personality and convicted sex offender. He is known for his pornographic movies, and he was listed as one of the "Top 50 Best Porno Actors of All Time" as of 2007.

Jeremy was born on March 12, 1953 in Queens, New York City to a Jewish family. He was raised in New York City. He studied at the Queens College in New York. He was a teacher before he became a porn star. He is wellknown for his large circumcised Penis.

Jeremy was a contestant in the second season of "The Surreal Life".

On January 30, 2013, Jeremy went to the hospital in Los Angeles, California after he had an heart aneurysm. The next day he had a surgery. He recovered from the surgery on February 7. He eventually left the hospital on February 19.

More than a twelve women have publicly accused Jeremy of sexual assault. In June 2020, Jeremy was charged with 4 counts of rape and sexual assault involving four women. In August 2020, he was charged with another 20 counts of either rape or sexual assault between 2004 and 2020 respectively. He could originally be sentenced to 250 years in prison.


Jared Harris

Jared Francis Harris (born 24 August 1961) is an English actor. He played Lane Pryce in "Mad Men" and as Ulysses S. Grant in Steven Spielberg's 2012 movie "Lincoln". He won an Sitges Film Festival in 1999. His father was late Irish actor Richard Harris.

Harris was born in Hammersmith, London, England to an Irish father, actor Richard Harris and to a Welsh mother, Elizabeth Rees-Williams. He studied at Downside School and at Duke University. Harris was married to Emilia Fox from 2005 until they divorced in 2010. Since 2011, he has been partners with Allegra Riggio.

Harris lives in Los Angeles, California.

Long hair

Long hair is a hairstyle that is mostly worn by girls and women. Boys and men may sometimes wear hair to shoulder length. Longer than that is rare for men of most cultures.

Extremely long hair (usually waist length or longer) is normally only found in females. The reason is that the female hormonal system affects the growth of their hair, just as the male hormonal system supports facial hair growth. This is also the reason young females can have longer hair than older women.

Hair length is measured (in centimeters or inches) from the line of the scalp on the forehead up over the highest point of the skull to the end of the hair. This method is not suitable for measuring hair length for people with a fringe. In cosmetology, hair lengths are usually described by the part of the body where the longest hair ends: "chin level", "shoulder length", "mid-back level", "waist length", "hip-length", "classic length" (extends to almost upper thigh-length, where the legs meet the buttocks), "thigh-length", "knee-length" and "ankle/floor length" hair.

Hair usually takes about 2–2½ years to reach shoulder length. It usually takes about 4–5 years to grow to the waist (which is about 60-80 cm for most women) if left to grow.

The maximum hair length that is possible to reach is about 15 cm for infants (below the age of 1), about 60 cm for children (below the age of 13), and generally 100 cm for adults. Some individuals can reach excessive lengths. Lengths greater than 150 cm are frequently observed in long hair contests. Xie Qiuping had the longest documented hair in the world, measuring 5.627 m (18 ft 5.54 in) in May 2004.

The maximum hair length depends on the length of the period of hair growth for the individual. Waist-length hair or longer is only possible to reach for women with long periods of hair growth. Hair can grow continuously for between 2 and 7 years.

Head hair is maintained by natural selection after other body hair had been greatly reduced. The hair has at least two functions:

Many Native American men wore long hair before the arrival of western influences on their culture. The long-term preference of females of the tribe for longer male hair would have effect by long-haired males contributing more children than short-haired males.


Pseudanthium

A pseudanthium (Greek for "false flower") or flower head is a special type of inflorescence. Many flowers are grouped together to form a flower-like structure. The real flowers ("florets") are generally small and greatly reduced, but can sometimes be quite large (as in the sunflower flower head).

Pseudanthia are characteristic of the daisy and sunflower family (Asteraceae or Compositae). Their flowers are either "ray flowers" or "disk flowers". The disk flowers in the center of the pseudanthium look like the centre of a normal flower. Flowers on the periphery have one large petal. This sytem is unique to this family. Either ray or disk flowers may be absent in some species: "Senecio vulgaris" lacks ray flowers and "Taraxacum officinale" lacks disk flowers. The pseudanthium has a whorl of bracts below the flowers.

At a glance, a pseudanthium (inflorescence) looks just like a normal flower, but closer inspection shows it is composed of multiple flowers. Thus, the pseudanthium represents an evolution of the inflorescence to a reproductive unit that may function in pollination like a single flower, at least in plants that are animal pollinated. The advantage of this "flower" is that it produces far more seeds than a normal flower, but needs only one act of pollination.

Head<br>
This is an equivalent term for flower head and pseudanthium when used in the botanical sense.

Capitulum (plural capitula)<br>
"Capitulum" can be used as an exact synonym for pseudanthium and flower head. Its use is generally restricted to the Asteraceae family, though at least one source defines it as a small flower head. In addition to its botanical use as a term meaning flower head it is also used to mean the top of the sphagnum plant.

Alison

Alison [al-uh-suhn] is a female given name that has many kinds of spellings. It was originally in medieval Norman. It was derived from the name "Alice". 

The name was first recorded in Scotland in the 12th century. The variant spelling "Allison" ranked 228 for female names for the United States in 1990, and was the 45th most popular for girls between 2005 and early 2010s. Alison has its roots in the English language and is believed to be a variation of the French name Alis.

As "Allison", the name was used for tropical storms for 1989, 1995 and 2001. The 2001 tropical storm was incredibly damaging, which in turn caused the name to be retired the following year.

"Alison" can be used in other cases:




Mind control

Mind control (also known as brainwashing, coercive persuasion or thought control) refers to the way some people have tried to control the beliefs and behaviours of others.

It is a process where a group or individual uses methods to persuade other to change their basic beliefs and values. A group or individual may use unethical methods to persuade others to believe and do what the manipulator(s) want. It often harms the person being manipulated. 

The term has been applied to any tactic, psychological or otherwise, which undermines (damages) an individual's control over their own thinking, behaviour, emotions or decision making.

Theories of brainwashing and of mind control were originally developed to explain how totalitarian regimes appeared to succeed systematically in indoctrinating prisoners of war through propaganda and torture techniques.

Some authors have pointed out that the ideas of mind control can be found in all stages of human history.

The "Oxford English Dictionary" records the earliest known use of "brainwashing" in an article Edward Hunter in "Miami News" published on 7 October 1950. During the Korean War, Hunter, who worked at the time both as a journalist before becoming a U.S. intelligence agent, wrote a series of books and articles on the theme of Chinese brainwashing.

The Chinese term ("xǐ năo", literally "wash brain") was originally used to describe methodologies of coercive persuasion used under the Maoist regime in China. The methods aimed to change people's mindset so they became "right-thinking" members of the new Chinese social system.

Hunter and those who picked up the Chinese term used it to explain why, unlike in earlier wars, a relatively high percentage of American GIs defected to the enemy side after becoming prisoners-of-war. British radio operator Robert W. Ford and British Army Colonel James Carne also claimed that the Chinese subjected them to brainwashing techniques during their war-era imprisonment. The most prominent case in the U.S. was that of Frank Schwable, a prisoner in the war. While in custody, he confessed to having taken part in germ warfare.

After the Korean War, mind control theories shifted in focus from politics to religion. From the 1960s an increasing number of youths started to come into contact with new religious movements (NRM). Some who converted suddenly adopted beliefs and behaviors that differed greatly from those of their families and friends; in some cases they neglected or broke contact with their loved ones. Those against cults explained these sudden and seemingly dramatic religious conversions as due to mind control. The media was quick to follow suit, and social scientists sympathetic to the anti-cult movement, who were usually psychologists, developed more sophisticated models of brainwashing. While some psychologists were receptive to these theories, sociologists were for the most part skeptical of their ability to explain conversion to NRMs.

Alagappa Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology

Alagappa Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology (ACCET-Karaikudi) is an autonomous (with effect from 2009) college of engineering in Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu, India. It was established in 1952. The college is under the control of the state government. It is a member institute under the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme in India (11 colleges were selected from Tamil Nadu).

585

585 was a common year.


Water Walk

The Water Walk, Infants Walk, or Addison's Walk (Allée d'Eau ou Allée des Marmousets) is a group of 14 fountains at Versailles. These fountains depict children supporting small basins of water. The Water Walk gently slopes from the Parterre du Nord to the Dragon Fountain and the Neptune Fountain. The Water Walk comprises three paths separated by two great lawns. The fourteen fountains are set in each of the two lawns, seven apiece. Another eight were added to the semicircle near the Walk's end. The Walk was created in 1670. The concept was that of Claude Perrault. The children were sculpted by Buirette, Le Hongre, Lerambert, and Mazeline after drawings by Le Brun. The children were originally cast in lead and painted realistically in natural colours. They supported baskets of fruit and flowers. These figures were replaced with gilded bronze copies and basins of marble in 1688. 


Dragon Fountain

The Dragon Fountain is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles in France. at the Palace of Versailles was dedicated by Gaspard Marsy in 1667. The fountain lies at the end of the northern axis between the Water Walk and Neptune Fountain. The Dragon Fountain shoots a jet of water 90 feet into the air. The Dragon Fountain was only operated when it was known the King would be present. All of the other fountains were required to be turned off for this spectacle to be accomplished. At other times it was regulated to a 35-foot jet. Statues of children mounted upon swans bedevil the Dragon.

Frankie Howerd

Francis Alick Howard, known as Frankie Howerd OBE (6 March 1917 - 19 April 1992) was a British comedian and comedy actor. He was born in York, North Riding of Yorkshire. He starred in several movies, including "Carry On Doctor" and "Carry On Up the Jungle". He starred in television series including "Up Pompeii!". He was a promiscuous homosexual and lived with his manager-partner Dennis Heymer (1928-2009) from 1955 until his death. Howerd died of heart failure in Fulham, London.

Waistcoat

A waistcoat (known as a vest in the United States) is a sleeveless upper-body garment. It is worn over a dress shirt and necktie, and below a coat as a part of most men's formal wear. It is the third piece of the three-piece male suit.

The waistcoat has quite a long history, going back to King Charles II. It was derived from the Persian vests seen by English visitors to the court of Shah Abbas. 

As an item of clothing, the waistcoat has the advantage that if the jacket is taken off indoors, the outfit still keeps a degree of formality. 

QNX

QNX is an Unix-like, real-time operating system that is embedded in cars, medical devices, machinery, and other devices. The QNX operating system contains a microkernel that handles basic core tasks and a group of servers / daemons outside of the kernel that handle most other tasks. This design gives end-users and developers greater control (i.e. freedom) over the operating system. BlackBerry (formerly RIM) devices such as the BlackBerry PlayBook tablet and the BlackBerry smartphone use modified versions of the QNX operating system.



Neptune Fountain

The Neptune Fountain or the Fountain of Neptune (Fr: "Bassin de Neptune") is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles. It was built under the direction of landscape designer André Le Nôtre between 1679 and 1681. At that time, it was called the Pool Below the Dragon or the Fir Tree Pool. The Fountain is at the end of the long path that features the Water Walk and the Dragon Fountain. Jacques-Ange Gabriel reworked the pool area very slightly, and, in 1740, the lead sculptures were put in place. The new fountain was officially opened by King Louis XV of France. 

The fountain has 99 jets of water. People admired the force and variety of the jets of water playing over the sculptural groups. The fountain is decorated with stone vases, sea cupids, and three central sculpted groups depicting "Neptune and Amphitrite" by L. A. Adam, "Proteus" by Bouchardin, and "Ocean" by Jean-Baptise Lemoyne. The Neptune Fountain is the largest of all the fountain pools in the gardens of Versailles. Fireworks during the summer months create spectacular displays that are reflected in the fountain's large pool.


Kahina

Dihya (Algerian Arabic: ', Berber: ', Dihya, or Damya), was a Berber queen and religious and military leader. She led the native people to resist Arab expansion in Northwest Africa. This happened in the region then known as Numidia, which is eastern Algeria today. She was born in the early 7th century and died around the end of the 7th century in what is now Algeria.

Giulia Farnese

Giulia Farnese (1474 – 23 March 1524) was mistress to Pope Alexander VI.


Marozia

Marozia, born Maria and also known as Mariuccia or Mariozza (c. 890 – 26 June c. 936), was a Roman noblewoman who was said to be the mistress of Pope Sergius III.

Edith the Fair

Edith Swan Neck, known as Edith the Fair (c. 1025 – c. 1086), was the wife of King Harold II of England.

Agatha, wife of Edward the Exile

Agatha of Kiev ( 1030 — 25 July 1070) was the wife of Edward the Exile, an exiled English prince who was supposed to become the King of England but then died before he could ever become. She was the daughter of Yaroslav the Wise, the Grand Prince of Kiev, and Ingegerd Olofsdotter of Sweden, the daughter of the Swedish king, Olof Skötkonung. She was said to have been a loyal wife to her husband and a loving mother to her children.

Agatha and Edward had three children:

Solomonia Saburova

Saint Solomonia Yuryevna Saburova (c. 1490 – 18 December 1542) was the first wife of Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy. She was canonized by the Russian Orthodox Church as Saint Sofia of Suzdal.

Johan Galtung

Johan Galtung (born 24 October 1930 in Oslo; d. 2024) was a Norwegian sociologist and mathematician. He was the main founder of the discipline of peace and conflict studies. He thought that world peace is not only the absence of war but also freedom from poverty and discrimination. In 1987, he won the Right Livelihood Award.

List of national trees

A tree emblem is a tree or plant that is chosen by a country as a symbol or emblem for that country.

Natore District

Natore is a district of Rajshahi Division in northern Bangladesh. 
It borders the metropolitan city of Rajshahi, and used to be part of Rajshahi district.

At first Natore was a beel (a large water body) whose name was Chaivhanga. In 1706 Raja Ramjibon Rai established his capital here by filling the beel. Up until 1821 Natore was the central office of Rajshahi district. In 1845 Natore Mahakuma was established. Natore Municipality was established in 1869. Natore became a fullfledged district in 1984. “Indigo resistance” movements took place in this district during 1859 and 1860.
Natore was the District Headquarters of Rajshahi since 1769-1825. Administrative Natore subdivision was established in 1825 under Rajshahi district, on the eve of the shifting of the HQ.

During the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 a direct battle was fought between the Pakistani occupation army and the freedom fighters of Mukti Bahini on 29 March in which about 40 members of the Pakistani army including Major Aslam and Captain Ishaq were killed. On 5 May 1971 Pakistani Army killed 42 employees of North Bengal Sugar Mills (Lalpur) including the then General Manager of the mill, Lieutenant Anwarul Azim; they were killed near a pond in the mill campus. The pond is now known as "Shaheed Sagar" and there is a memorial beside the pond.

Marks of the War of Liberation: Mass grave 5, memorial 1.

Sirajganj District

Sirajganj () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Pabna District

Pabna () is a district in north-western Bangladesh. It is the southernmost district of Rajshahi Division.

Sign of the Dove

In Christianity, the Sign of the Dove was a prearranged sign by which John the Baptist would recognize the Messiah.

The four Gospels each record an account of the sign of the dove.
Matt. 3:16 (Mark 1:10; Luke 3:22; John 1:32)
"And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him."

The sign of the dove is also recorded in the Book of Mormon.

1 Ne. 11:2"abide upon him in the form of a dove."

2 Ne. 31:8 (D&C 93:15) "Holy Ghost descended upon him in the form of a dove."

Abr. Fac. 2, Fig. 7 sign of the Holy Ghost... in the form of a dove.

Joseph Smith taught: ""The sign of the dove was instituted before the creation of the world, a witness for the Holy Ghost, and the devil cannot come in the sign of a dove. The Holy Ghost is a personage, and is in the form of a personage. It does not confine itself to the form of the dove, but in sign of the dove. The Holy Ghost cannot be transformed into a dove; but the sign of a dove was given to John who had baptized Jesus to signify the truth of the deed, as the dove is an emblem or token of truth and innocence.""

In Hebrew, Jonah (יוֹנָה) means dove. The "sign of Jonas" in Mat 16:1-4 is related to the "sign of the dove".

The Christian symbol of a dove with an olive branch in it’s beak represents love and peace and comes from Genesis 8:6 - 12 which reads:
""And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made:...Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark. And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more."" 

Doves were also used in ancient Israel as Korban, or religious sacrifice within the tabernacle and temples. 
""And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the Lord be of fowls, then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves, or of young pigeons.""

In the Ancient Near East and Mediterranean, doves were used as symbols for the Canaanite mother goddess Asherah, the Phoenician goddess Tanit, and the Roman goddesses Venus and Fortunata.

Psalms 55:6 And I said, Oh that I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away, and be at rest.

Psalms 68:13 yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.

Song of Solomon 2:14 O my dove, that art in the clefts of the rock

Song of Solomon 5:2 Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night.

Isaiah 38:14 I did mourn as a dove: mine eyes fail with looking upward: O LORD, I am oppressed; undertake for me.

Jeremiah 48:28 O ye that dwell in Moab, leave the cities, and dwell in the rock, and be like the dove that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole's mouth.

Hosea 7:11 Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart

Anna of Kashin

Saint Anna of Kashin (1280 – 2 October 1368) was a Russian princess from the Rurik Dynasty. She was given sainthood in 1650. Her feast day, October 2, was created in 1909.

Matilda of Scotland

Matilda of Scotland (c. 1080 – 1 May 1118), born Edith, was the first wife and Queen consort of Henry I of England.

Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scots

Joan Beaufort (c. 1404 – 15 July 1445) was the Queen Consort of Scotland from 1424 to 1437. She was the wife of King James I of Scotland. She was the Regent of Scotland during part of the minority of her son James II (from 1437 to 1439).

A Lady in Her Bath

A Lady in Her Bath is a painting by François Clouet. It was painted in 1571. It measures 92.3 x 81.2 cm (36 5/16 x 31 15/16 in.) The picture is in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. It is one of only three paintings signed by Clouet. The teenaged bather is unknown. It is possible that she is Diane de Poitiers, mistress of King Henry II of France when she was a teenager. Scholar Roger Trinquet suggested in 1966 that the teenaged lady is Mary Queen of Scots. The lady's face resembles other portraits of Mary, especially a drawing by Clouet depicting Mary in mourning. Trinquet believes the painting was intended as a satire for a Huguenot patron. The painting set a fashion for portraits of bathers.

The National Gallery writes: "The masklike symmetry of the bather's face makes exact identification difficult; scholars have suggested that her aristocratic features indicate that she is one of several royal mistresses, most notable among them Diane de Poitiers, the mistress of Henry II. It is possible that the nude, a Venus type, represents ideal beauty rather than a specific individual. The contrast of the smoothly rendered nude figure to the intricate surface details of the fruit, draperies, and jewelry, presents a union of Flemish and Italian motifs that characterized French courtly art of the sixteenth century."

List of national animals

A national animal is an animal that is the symbol or emblem of a country.

Wind from the Sea

Wind from the Sea is a tempera on hardboard painting by Andrew Wyeth. It was painted in 1947. It measures 47 x 70 cm (18 1/2 x 27 9/16 in.) The work hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. They write: ""Wind from the Sea" is an iconic example of Wyeth's landscapes, as well as one of the earliest examples of his use of windows and his often unique choice of vantage point. Three preparatory studies for the painting accompanied the gift. All four works were bequeathed to the Gallery by Charles H. Morgan."Wind from the Sea" is the second painting by Wyeth to enter the National Gallery's collection; "Snow Flurries", a 1953 tempera painting, was given in 1977." 

Dras

Drass () or Dras is a sub-district of the Kargil District in Jammu and Kashmir, India. 

Sindh High Court

The High Court of Sindh is the highest judicial institution of Sindh province. Established in 1906, it is in the provincial capital, Karachi. Apart from being the highest Court of Appeal for Sindh in civil and criminal matters, the Court was the District Court and the Court of Session in Karachi.

Peshawar High Court

The Peshawar High Court is the highest court of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. It is located in the provincial capital Peshawar.

Islamabad High Court

Islamabad High Court, located in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan, was established under Islamabad High Court Act, 2010 after the 18th amendment in the Pakistani constitution. Earlier, the Islamabad High Court was established by the President Pervez Musharraf by a Presidential Order of 14th August, 2007.

Lahore High Court

The Lahore High Court is based in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It was established as a high court on 1 March 1882. The Lahore High Court has jurisdiction over Punjab. The High Court's main seat is in Lahore, but there are benches in three other Pakistani cities: Rawalpindi, Multan and Bahawalpur.

Ghebi

Ghebi is a dialect of the Punjabi language spoken in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Alexander Ypsilantis

Alexander Ypsilantis (1792–1828) was a main participant in the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire in 1821. He was also a senior officer of the Imperial Russian cavalry during the Napoleonic Wars.


Batman &amp; Robin

Batman & Robin is a 1997 American action-adventure movie directed by Joel Schumacher. It is based on the comic book character created by Bob Kane. It stars George Clooney as Batman, Chris O'Donnell as Robin, Alicia Silverstone as Batgirl, Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze, and Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy. The movie is about Batman and Robin trying to prevent Mr. Freeze, Poison Ivy, and Bane from covering Gotham City with ice and vegetation while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together. It grossed over $230 million in the box office. It got mixed reviews from the critics. It was criticized for its gay innuendo.
Dr Pamela Isley was a scientist working in South America until her superior Dr Jason Goodhue tried to kill when she found out he was trying to use her experiments to make a super race of thugs {BAne] Instead of being killed she was trasformed into a half Human-half plant mutant calling her self "Poison Ivy". She embarks on a crime wave until she is imprisoned at Gotham Arkham Asylum, where she meets "Mr Freeze" a former physician who in trying to cure his cryogenically frozen thermally ill wife was accidently submerged into a freezing solution in which he can only exist in subzero temperatures. They Both escape from the asylum Freeze to turn the entire world into a ice planet...while "Poison Ivy" tries to make plant life supreme species. Ivy tries to kill Mrs Fries and then Robin but fails both times and is captured by Batgirl; Mr Freeze finds that his wife is still alive and gives Batman a cure Alfred the Butler who has been stricken with a deadly illness. Back at Arkham Asylum the nearly totally insane Poison IVy is imprisoned in a permanent Freeze beam; her roommate Mr Freeze tells her that he is going to make her life "A living hell" of permanent Winter in revenge for what she did to his wife,

Yin and yang

The Taijitu, more commonly referred to as Yin and yang, is a Chinese symbol from a belief system called Taoism. It is also stylized as Yinyang or Yin-Yang. It represents the idea that nature is made up of opposing, yet complementary forces and energy.

The traditional symbol has two opposite colors, White (Yang) and Black (Yin). Both sides contain the opposite color inside of itself to represent the main idea of dualism. Some examples of these balanced opposites are: Light and Dark, Male and Female, Expansion and Contraction, Up and Down, Sun and Moon, and Movement and Rest. 

Yin and Yang are interchangeable with one another, so Yang can become Yin. The Yin-Yang duality also applies to how people should live their lives. The belief is that we should not have too much or too little of something, such as food for example. While food is essential to life and survival, eating too much can cause health problems, while too little causes starvation.

Alternative and holistic medicine includes the Yin–Yang dualism and has grown in popularity in the western world. The symbol and ideas are often portrayed in daily life, such as in movies or artwork. 

Science includes that ideal of dualism in some areas as well. Magnets require both north and south poles to be functional and to move. In chemistry, protons can be represented by Yang and electrons can be represented by Yin.


Aspen, Colorado

Aspen is a municipality in Colorado. The municipality is known for its large ski-resorts and for hosting many ski-related games. Aspen is home to 7,004 people as of 2020. The city was founded in 1879.

Aspen is in a remote area of the Rocky Mountains. The Roaring Fork River flows through the town. In the early years of the town, Aspen was a major center of silver mining. After a major recession, the city fell into decline, and most of the people that lived there left. However, after World War II the area was developed as a ski resort, and became a major skiing destination. Popular with celebrities, today it is one of the richest cities in the US and it remains a popular skiing destination. 


Sid Fleischman

Albert Sidney "Sid" Fleischman (March 16, 1920 – March 17, 2010) was a Newbery Medal-winning American author who was known for his award-winning book "The Whipping Boy" and for "Humbug Mountain". He also won the Horn Book Award. The Sid Fleischman Award for funny fiction books for children or young adults was named after him. 

Fleischman was born on March 16, 1920 in Brooklyn, New York. His parents were Russian Jews. He was raised in San Diego, California and in Santa Monica, California. Fleischman studied at San Diego State University. 

Fleischman was married to Betty Taylor from 1952 until her death in 1993. They had three children. Their son Paul also became an Newbery Medal-winning writer. They were the only father and son to win a Newbery Medal. Fleischman died on March 17, 2010 in Santa Monica, California from cancer, just a day after his birthday, aged 90.


Les Misérables (2012 movie)

Les Misérables is a 2012 British musical-drama movie. It stars Anne Hathaway as Fantine, Russell Crowe as Javert, and Hugh Jackman as Jean Valjean. The movie is based on the musical of the same name, which, in turn, is based on the 1862 Victor Hugo novel, "Les Misérables".

Critics gave the movie good reviews. Hathaway's performance won her a Screen Actors Guild Award, a Golden Globe Award, an Academy Award, and many other awards. Jackman won a Golden Globe Award for his performance.

Argo (2012 movie)

Argo is an 2012 action-thriller movie directed by Ben Affleck and produced by George Clooney. It stars Ben Affleck as Tony Mendez, Alan Arkin as Lester Siegel, and John Goodman as John Chambers. This movie is based on real events of the 1979-1981 Iranian hostage crisis. The movie was about an CIA agent (Tony Mendez) sent to save six U.S. diplomats in Tehran, Iran. To save them, he had to pretend they were making “Argo”, a fake science-fiction film. Critics gave the movie good reviews. It won many awards for Best Movie including an Golden Globe Award for Best Picture - Drama and Best Picture at the Academy Awards.

Arabian wolf

The Arabian wolf ("Canis lupus arabs") is a subspecies of grey wolf. It was once found throughout the Arabian Peninsula, but now only lives in small areas in Saudi Arabia, Oman, Yemen, Iraq, and southern Israel, Jordan and the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt.

Chris Griffin

Chris Griffin is a character in the television comedy "Family Guy". He is the 15-year-old older son of Lois Griffin and Peter Griffin. He has a brother, Stewie, and a sister, Meg. They are an American family. Chris is like his father, both are unfit and not as smart as others. He has an "evil monkey" in his closet that everyone thinks is fake until everyone finds out it's real in the episode "Hannah Banana". Chris was 13 years old when the series started.

Meg Griffin

Meg Griffin is a character in the television comedy "Family Guy". 

At age 18, she is the oldest child of Lois Griffin and Peter Griffin. She has two younger siblings, Chris and Stewie. 

Meg is one of the most hated members of her family and is bullied and humorlessly abused by her own family and friends because she is believed very ugly by everybody, except by a nerd at her school who has a crush on Meg, that she doesn't want.

Bactrian deer

The bactrian deer ("Cervus elaphus bactrianus") is also called the Bukhara deer, Bokhara deer or Bactrian wapiti. 

It is a subspecies of red deer that is native to the lowlands of Central Asia. It is similar to the Yarkand deer in that it lives around the banks of rivers surrounded by desert. Both subspecies are separated from one another by the Tian Shan Mountains.

Glenn Quagmire

Glenn Quagmire usually called by his maiden name Quagmire, is a character from the animated television comedy show "Family Guy". 

He lives on the same street as Peter Griffin and Joe Swanson, making them his besties. He is also best friends with the two. He works as a pilot. 

He was born in 1948, but looks younger because he eats a lot of carrots. Quagmire is best known for having a lot of sex or making a lot of sex jokes with his catchphrase "Giggity" or his other catchphrase, "I'm Glenn Quagmire." Peter Griffin, his best friend, once called him a "heartless sex hound". Quagmire hates Brian Griffin, Peter's dog and in the episode "Jerome Is the New Black" Quagmire calls Brian a "sponge" and "the worst person he knows". 

He also made one appearance in "The Cleveland Show".

Joe Swanson

Joseph "Joe" Swanson is a character in the animated television series "Family Guy". He is friends with other main characters, Peter Griffin, Cleveland Brown and Glenn Quagmire. Joe is in a wheelchair because a criminal shot him in both legs. He is married to Bonnie Swanson. Their relationship is not as strong as Peter and Lois Griffin, but they appear to put up with each other. They had one son, Kevin Swanson and a daughter. Bonnie was pregnant with their daughter for about 7-8 seasons instead of 9 months. Joe works as a police officer. Joe usually wears a grey shirt and blue trousers. Sometimes, he is seen wearing his police uniform.

Mayor West

Mayor Adam West is a character for the television comedy "Family Guy". He is voiced and based on the actor Adam West. He first appeared as the crazy mayor of Quahog, Rhode Island in "Fifteen Minutes of Shame". He usually never takes things seriously and only cares about his office. He is married to Carol West, Lois Griffin's sister.

The fate of the character is currently unknown following Adam West's death in June 2017.

Chhera Island

Chhera island (Bengali: ), also called Cheradia Island or Cheridia Island, is an extension of St. Martin's Island in Bangladesh, but cut off from it by sea during high tides. During low tide period, the Chhera island can be reached by walking for about two and a half hours from St. Martin's Island. The most popular way of getting there is by motorboat.

Corals can be found all over the island. It has one small green area where bushes grow. No permanent settlement exists except for tourists.

St. Martin's Island

St. Martin's Island is a small island (about 8 square kilometres) in the northeast of the Bay of Bengal. It is about 9 km south of the tip of the Cox's Bazar-Teknaf peninsula, and is the southernmost part of Bangladesh. There is a small connected island that is separated at high tide, called Chhera Island. It is about 8 km west of the northwest coast of Myanmar, at the mouth of the Naf River.

Teknaf

Teknaf () is a thana of Cox's Bazar Thana in the Chittagong Division, Bangladesh. It forms the southernmost point in mainland Bangladesh (St. Martin's Island is the southernmost point). The name of the region comes from the Naf River which forms the Eastern boundary of the thana.

MSF (Doctors without Borders),SHED (Society for Health Extension & Development), Brac, Pulse Bangladesh, Nacom, Muslim Aid, Uddipon, Rtm, Tai, Msf, Save the children, IOM, Mukti cox's Bazar, ACF, DRC, Ipsa, Codec, aid comilla etc. Caritas Bangladesh, NRC.
1. Teknaf Govt. College

2. Teknaf Govt. Technical College

3. Saintmartin Bangladesh Navy Islamic College

4. Moinuddin Memorial College
Baba and Bhit Islands

Baba Bhit Island () is the smallest neighbourhood of Kiamari Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It includes three small fishing islands which in the centre of the harbour of Karachi.

Justice League (movie)

Justice League is a 2017 American superhero movie directed by Zack Snyder. It is based on the DC Comics superhero team the Justice League. It is the fifth part in the DC Extended Universe. The movie has a screenplay written by Chris Terrio and Joss Whedon.

Years ago, Steppenwolf and his army of Parademons attempt to conquer and remake Earth through the combined energies of the Mother Boxes before they are foiled by a unified army that included the Amazons, Atlanteans and humans. After repelling Steppenwolf's army, the Mother Boxes are separated and hidden in locations around the world.

In the present, the world is in mourning following the death of Superman. Sensing humanity's fear, Steppenwolf and his Parademons return to Earth to resume their hunt for the Mother Boxes through kidnapping several employees of S.T.A.R. Labs, which is in possession of one box. Having investigated the kidnappings and encountered a Parademon himself, Bruce Wayne decides to move forward in recruiting his planned team of metahumans as he believes an invasion is coming.

Steppenwolf manages to retrieve the Mother Box from Themyscira, prompting Queen Hippolyta to warn her daughter Diana Prince. Diana joins Wayne's group and informs him about Steppenwolf and the Mother Boxes. The two of them fail to persuade Arthur Curry and Victor Stone, but manage to recruit Barry Allen into the team. Stone later joins the group after his father Silas is among those kidnapped, and Steppenwolf attacks Atlantis to retrieve the second Mother Box.

The team receives intel from Commissioner James Gordon that the Parademons are traveling underground, and conclude that Steppenwolf's army is based in an abandoned facility. Although the group manages to rescue the kidnapped employees, the facility is flooded during combat, which traps the team until Curry rescues them, having decided to join them after Steppenwolf's attack on Atlantis. Stone retrieves the last Mother Box from S.T.A.R. Labs for the group to analyze. Wayne decides to use the Mother Box to resurrect Superman not only to help them fight Steppenwolf's army, but also to restore hope in humanity. Diana and Curry are hesitant about the idea, but Wayne forms a secret contingency plan.

Clark Kent's body is exhumed and placed in the waters of the Kryptonian ship, and Allen provides a strong energy blast to activate the Box and resurrect Superman. Superman, however, possesses few memories, and he attacks the group after Stone accidentally launches a projectile at him. On the verge of being killed by Superman, Wayne enacts his contingency plan: Lois Lane. Superman calms down and leaves with Lois to his family home where he reflects and tries to recover his memories. With the last Mother Box unguarded, Steppenwolf retrieves it with ease.

Without Superman to aid them, the remaining five heroes travel to a village in Russia where Steppenwolf plans to unite the boxes once again and reshape the world for his nephew Darkseid. The team fight their way through the Parademons to reach Steppenwolf, although they are unable to distract him enough for Stone to separate the boxes. Superman arrives and assists Allen in evacuating the city, as well as Stone in separating the Mother Boxes. The united heroes manage to defeat Steppenwolf, who, overcome with fear, is attacked by his own Parademons, before they are all taken away by a Boom Tube.

In the aftermath of the battle, Wayne decides to rebuild Wayne Manor as a base of operations for the team and he and Diana agree that more heroes could join. Diana as Wonder Woman begins engaging more with the public. Allen manages to acquire a job in Central City's police department. Stone continues to explore and enhance his abilities with his father in S.T.A.R. Labs. Curry returns to Atlantis. Clark returns as a "Daily Planet" reporter and resumes his role as Superman.

In a mid-credits scene, Flash and Superman decide to race. In a post-credits scene, Lex Luthor has escaped from prison and recruits bounty hunter Slade Wilson to form their own league.

Joe Morton and Robin Wright reprises their roles as Dr. Silas Stone, a scientist at S.T.A.R. Labs and Victor Stone's father, and as General Antiope, Hippolyta's sister and Diana's aunt/mentor, from "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" and "Wonder Woman", respectively. Amber Heard, Billy Crudup, and Kiersey Clemons will portray Mera, Dr. Henry Allen, and Iris West, respectively. Julian Lewis Jones and Michael McElhatton have been cast in undisclosed roles.

Main filming for "Justice League" began on April 11, 2016 in London. Filming ended on October 14, 2016.

In March 2016, Hans Zimmer, who composed the score for "Man of Steel" and "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice", stated that he is officially retired from the "superhero business". By June 2016 he was replaced by Junkie XL, who wrote and composed the soundtrack of "Dawn of Justice" alongside Zimmer himself. In 2017, it was announced that Danny Elfman would also compose the movie.

The movie was released on November 17, 2017 with an IMAX release.

Immediately after the theatrical release of "Justice League", fans created an online petition to release the "Snyder Cut" that gained more than 180,000 signatures. The movement, which used the hashtag #ReleaseTheSnyderCut on social media. This was due to fans not liking the released version as Zack Snyder left production after his daughter committed suicide. After Joss Whedon took over, only 25% of the movie was from Snyder. Members of the "Justice League" cast and crew showing support for the Snyder Cut's release.

In May 2020, it was announced that the Snyder Cut would be released on the streaming service HBO Max in 2021.


Kantaji Temple

Kantojiu Temple () at Kantanagar is a late-medieval Hindu temple in Dinajpur District, Bangladesh. It was built by Maharaja Pran Nath; its construction started in 1702 and ended in 1752, during the reign of his son Maharaja Ramnath. It has one of the best examples of terracotta architecture in Bangladesh. It once had nine spires, but they were all destroyed in an earthquake in 1897.

Swami Bagh Temple

Swami Bagh Temple is a prominent Hindu temple of the Vaishnav Cult in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.

Temple of King Kangsa Narayan

The Temple of King Kangsa Narayan () is a Hindu temple in northern Bangladesh. It is in Rajshahi's Tahirpur, where legend says that the Durga Puja of the Hindu community was performed for the first time in the Indian subcontinent.

Puthia Temple Complex

The Puthia Temple Complex is a group of important old Hindu temples in Puthia Upazila, Rajshahi Division, Bangladesh. It is located 23 km to the east of Rajshahi city. It has the largest number of historic temples in Bangladesh.

Bishyanath Temple

Bishyanath Temple is a Hindu temple, dedicated to the Hindu God Shiva, in the Mymensingh District of Bangladesh. It is one of the most important temples in the district. The temple is unique because of its pagoda-like architecture.

Boro Kali Bari Temple

Boro Kali Bari is one of the oldest Hindu temples in the city of Mymensingh, Bangladesh. The temple is dedicated to the goddess Kali.

Laxmi Narayan Mandir, Dhaka

Laxmi Narayan Mandir is a Hindu temple, devoted to Laxmi, the Hindu goddess of wealth. It is located at 31 Nawabpur Road in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The temple is about 300 years old. It was established in the Bengali year of 1056.

Joy Kali Temple

The Temple of Joy Kali is a Hindu temple in Bangladesh. It is located between Thathari Bazar and Wari, on a road named after this temple, called 24 Joy Kali Temple Street. The temple is devoted to Goddess Kali. The statue of Kali is of great significance to the Hindus. The visitors and committee members of this temple gather money for occasions, where sweets are later distributed among them which is called 'Prasad'.

Shree Shree Siddheswari Kalimandir

The Siddheshwari Kali Mandir is a Hindu temple located at 14 Siddheshwari Lane in Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Muktagachha Shiva temple

The Muktagachha Shiva temple is a Hindu temple outside the Rajbari of Muktagachha, in the Mymensingh District of Bangladesh.

Kaliya jue Temple

Kaliya jue Temple () is a Hindu temple in the town of Dinajpur Sadar, Bangladesh. It is dedicated to the Hindu God Krishna. The temple is situated to the west side of the Dinajpur Rajbari.

Chatteshwari Temple

Chatteshwari Temple is a Hindu temple in the centre of Chittagong city in Bangladesh. The temple is dedicated to the Goddess Kali. It was built in the 18th century. In Hindu belief, the goddess of the temple is considered the guardian deity of the town Chittagong.

Lalmai Chandi Temple

Lalmai Chandi Temple, also called Chandimura Mandir is an ancient Hindu temple in Bangladesh. It is on the summit of the Lalmai hill in Barura Upazila of Comilla District. The temple is dedicated to the Goddess Kali. There is a temple dedicated to the God Shiva nearby.

Sonarang Twin Temples

Sonarang Twin Temples are two Hindu temples in Sonarang village in Bangladesh. The two temples stand side by side on a single masonry platform surrounded by a moat on three sides and an access path on the eastern side.

Aristolochia

Aristolochia is a large plant genus with over 500 species of shrubs and herbs, many having medicinal properties. Collectively known as birthworts, pipevines or Dutchman's pipes, they are the namesake of the family (Aristolochiaceae). They are widespread and occur in the most diverse climates. Some species, like "A. utriformis" and "A. westlandii", are threatened with extinction.

"Isotrema" is usually included here, but might be a valid genus. If so, it contains those species with a three-lobed calyx.



Shanksville, Pennsylvania

Shanksville, Pennsylvania is a small borough in Somerset County, Pennsylvania. About 200 people live there. The town is from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The area became well-known worldwide when United Airlines Flight 93 crashed into a field during the September 11 attacks. The town was founded in 1798.


1993 World Trade Center bombing

The 1993 World Trade Center bombing happened on February 26, 1993 in the bottom section of the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, United States. Six people were killed, including a woman who was 7 months pregnant. About 1,042 people were injured. The plan was to use truck bombs parked in the parking lot of the bottom of the North Tower. The main leader of the al-Qaeda cell sent to destroy the buildings hoped the explosions would cause the North Tower to collapse and hit the South Tower.

The cell's leader was Ramzi Yousef. The group wanted to destroy the building because many Jews worked in it. Their leader Osama bin Laden was disappointed to see the buildings were not destroyed, so he wanted another attack on the same building. The result would be the September 11 attacks in 2001.


New Super Mario Bros. U

New Super Mario Bros. U is a 2012 platform video game for the Wii U game console. It is a sequel to the 2009 game "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" on the Wii, which is a follow-up to the 2006 Nintendo DS game "New Super Mario Bros.", and the fourth game in the "New Super Mario Bros." series. It was developed by Nintendo EAD Group No. 4 and published by Nintendo. It was released on November 18, 2012 in North America, on November 30, 2012 in Europe, and on December 8, 2012 in Japan. It is a follow-up to the Nintendo 3DS game "New Super Mario Bros. 2" (released three months before), which is a sequel to the 2006 game and a follow-up to the 2009 game.

Up to five players can play at a time. The game can be played with either the Wii Remote or the Wii U GamePad. The Wii U GamePad allows for handheld Play, where the game can be played on the controller without the use of a television screen.

For the "Year of Luigi", which celebrates the 30th anniversary of Luigi's first appearance in the "Mario" series, Nintendo released downloadable content called New Super Luigi U which was also released on the Wii U. Players play as Luigi in harder versions of the game's levels. It was released in mid-2013. It was also released as a game and not a download. A port of NSMBU, titled "New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe," was released for the Nintendo Switch on January 11, 2019.

Mario/Luigi and his friends are at Princess Peach's castle with Peach when Bowser attacks the castle. The attack sends them flying far away from the castle. They must go through eight worlds to rescue Peach and her castle.

New Super Luigi U (stylised as New Super Luigi Bros. U) is a 2.5D side-scrolling platform video game. It was released as a downloadable DLC to this game and later a stand-alone game.


New Covenant

New Covenant in Christianity, refers to the New Testament, as opposed to the Old Testament. Perhaps the fullest explanation is in the Epistle to the Hebrews, which explains how Jesus' death on the cross replaces the need for animal sacrifice as laid out in Leviticus.


Agnes

The name Agnes[ag-nis] is a female given name based on the Greek name "hagne".Agnes is a Latin name meaning "pure" or "holy". The name was made popular by Saint Agnes of Rome, who was a well known saint. 

Agnes was the third most popular girl's name for almost 400 years in English-speaking areas. The name was used a lot until near the 1970s in the United States. It was especially popular between 1900 and 1920, during which time the name spent a few years on the top 50 list for feminine names.In 2021 this name is not so popular and is a more personalized name.

The name was used on a costly hurricane that caused over $3 billion in damage and many deaths in 1972. The name "Agnes" was later retired.







Stand Up Guys

Stand Up Guys is a 2012 crime comedy about revenge. It stars Christopher Walken, Al Pacino and Julianna Margulies. It premiered at Chicago International Film Festival. The reviews for this crime comedy were not good.

Jake Wood

Jacob Dylan "Jake" Wood (born July 12, 1972) is an English actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known for playing Max Branning in "EastEnders" and in the United States as the current voice of the GEICO gecko.

Carlos Alazraqui

Carlos Jaime Alazraqui (born July 20, 1962) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and voice artist, best known for playing Deputy James Garcia in "Reno 911!". He's also known as the voice of Rocko in "Rocko's Modern Life", Lazlo in "Camp Lazlo", Denzel Crocker in "The Fairly OddParents", Walden in "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!", Carlos and Sergio in "The Casagrandes", Ryan Illinois and Darkness Bullseye in "Wattu Academy" and Emily Morales and Chazz Master in "Wonder Spencer".

Aurangabad division

Aurangabad Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Maharashtra state in India. Before 1956 the division was part of the State of Hyderabad.


Gulbarga division

Gulbarga Division is one of the four divisions of Karnataka state of India. The division is made up of the districts of Bellary, Bidar, Gulbarga, Koppal, Yadgir and Raichur. The city of Gulbarga is the headquarters of the division. Before 1956 the division was part of the disputed territory of State of Hyderabad.

Allahabad division

Allahabad () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Azamgarh division

Azamgarh () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India. It has many small villages like Badharia, Saraimeer , etc


Bareilly division

Bareilly () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Basti division

Basti () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Chitrakoot division

Chitrakoot () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Devipatan division

Devipatan () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Faizabad division

Ayodhya is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Gorakhpur division

Gorakhpur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Jhansi division

Jhansi is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Bischhausen

Bischhausen is a village in southern Lower Saxony, Germany. In December 2010, 371 people lived in the village (as of May 4, 2015). It is near the previous border with what was the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). The castle ruins called the Gleichen are on two small mountains near the village. Almost all the working people who live in the village are farmers or work in the city of Göttingen, which is not far away. There is one church: the Lutheran church of St. Martin.

The mayor is Michael Dusch.

Kanpur division

Kanpur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Lucknow division

Lucknow () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Meerut division

Meerut () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Mirzapur division

Mirzapur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Moradabad division

Muradabad is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Saharanpur division

Sahranapur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Varanasi division

Varanasi () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Bath Island

Bath Island () is a neighbourhood of Saddar Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Buddo Island

Buddo Island () (also known as "Dingi") is a small island in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Bundal Island

Bundal Island () (also known as "Bundaar") is a small island in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Astola Island

Astola Island, also known as "" () or 'Island of the Seven Hills', is an uninhabited island in the Arabian Sea. It is part of Pakistan, about 25 km south of Pakistan's nearest coastline and 39 km southeast of the fishing port of Pasni. Astola is Pakistan's largest offshore island and the only major island in the northern Arabian Sea. It is about large. Administratively, the island is part of the Pasni subdistrict of Gwadar District in Balochistan province.

Jim Belushi

James Adam "Jim" Belushi (born June 15, 1954) is an Albanian-American actor, comedian, singer and musician. He played James "Jim" Orenthal in the series "According to Jim".

He is John Belushi's younger brother.


Naturalism

Naturalism is a philosophical viewpoint. According to this viewpoint everything arises from natural properties and causes, and supernatural or spiritual explanations are excluded or discounted.

Naturalism may also refer to:


Big Brother (British TV series)

Big Brother (also called "Big Brother UK)" is a reality television series in the United Kingdom which began in 2000. It is a version of the "Big Brother" franchise. Contestants must complete challenges while living in a house full of cameras.

In some series the house is in London; in some series it is in Hertfordshire. In some series, the housemates are celebrities. From 2000-2010, it was shown on Channel 4 and was presented by Davina McCall; from 2011-2018, it was shown on Channel 5 and was presented by Emma Willis. from 2023, it is shown on ITV2, ITV1 and ITVX and is presented by AJ Odudu and Will Best.

A group of contestants who don't know each other move into a house full of cameras. They are watched every day and are set challenges by a fictional character named "Big Brother". The contestants can speak to Big Brother privately in a room called the "diary room". They are not allowed to have contact with the outside world. Throughout the series, the public vote for who they want to evict and the last one remaining is the winner.

Every year, there is a different "Big Brother eye".


Kargil

Kargil (Ladakhi: ཀར་གིལ་; ) is a town in the Kargil District in Jammu and Kashmir in India. It is the second largest town in Ladakh after Leh. It is located 60 km and 204 km from Drass and Srinagar to the west.

Matt Baker

Clarence Matthew Baker (December 10, 1921 – August 11, 1959) was an American comic book artist. He is best known for drawing the costumed crime fighter Phantom Lady. Baker was active as early as the 1930s and 1940s Golden Age of comic books. He also penciled an early form of graphic novel, St. John Publications' digest-sized "picture novel" "It Rhymes with Lust" (1950). His specialty was good girl art, a comics and cartooning subgenre. Baker was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2009.

Zumbl

Zumbl was an online chat service. Users could chat with strangers without giving their name. The service does not work any more.

Paper Mario: Sticker Star

Paper Mario: Sticker Star is a role-playing video game for the Nintendo 3DS. It is the third sequel to "Paper Mario" for the Nintendo 64. It is the fourth game in the "Paper Mario" series and the only game for a handheld video game console. It was released on November 11, 2012 in North America, on December 6, 2012 in Japan, and on December 7, 2012 in Europe, and on December 8, 2012 in Australia.

Bowser attacks the Mushroom Kingdom during the yearly Sticker Fest holiday. His attack breaks the Sticker Comet into six pieces called the Royal Stickers. Mario has to find the six Royal Stickers to restore the Sticker Comet and bring peace to the Mushroom Kingdom.

In "Paper Mario: Sticker Star", Mario uses stickers to battle enemies. Stickers can be found in various areas throughout the Mushroom Kingdom. Mario has to pull them off to add them to his album of stickers.

The game received mixed to positive reviews by critics. User reviews on Metacritic were mixed.

Amalasuntha

Amalasuntha (c. 495 – 30 April 534/535) was a queen of the Ostrogoths, a branch of Goths, from 526 to 534. She was a Gothic princess and daughter of the Italian king, Theodoric the Great. Amalasuntha had been married to Eutharic, an unknown Gothic nobleman. She gave birth to a son named Athalaric in 518. Her husband later died, leaving Amalasuntha a widow to raise their young son.
After her son Athalaric died, she fought for the kingdom, which was very difficult, but it increased her support of the Romans. Amalasuntha was an extremely well educated woman. She studied Greek and Latin and she became a lifelong contributor of writings and arts. Theodoric (her father) supplied her with a Roman education because he had an interest in creating peaceful Roman-Gothic relations. Her husband Eutharic was assigned Theodoric's heir, which excluded Theodoric's nephew from inheritance and power.

Her husband Eutharic died in 522, and Theodoric followed in 526. As a result, Athalaric inherited the throne. Athalaric was still very young so Amalasuntha became the regent 
Her accomplishments over her years of being a regent, were applauded by many people like the historian Procopius who spoke of her bravery and knowledge. She pursued her goal of creating good connections between the Romans and the Goths, which had been torn down in the years of her father’s rule, mostly during the imprisonment of Theodoric and the killing of Boethius, a Roman political figure. She gave Boethius back his captured estates and began to look for the Roman Senate and then sent a letter to the emperor of Constantinople, asking him to forgive her and gave a Roman education to her son. All of this to get on the emperors good side.
Amalasuntha attempted to improve relations with barbarian people to make peace with the Gothic nobility. Amalasuntha improved relations with the Burgundians, but the alliance ended.

Brunhilda of Austrasia

Brunhilda (c. 534 – 613) was a Visigoth princess. Her father was King Athanagild of Spain. She married King Sigebert I of Austrasia. She ruled the eastern kingdoms of Austrasia and Burgundy in the names of her sons and grandsons. At first she was known as a fair and just ruler. She later became known for her cruelty and vengeful behavior.

Before her arrival to the Frankish kingdoms, Brunhilda was an Arian Christian, but later converted to Roman Catholicism. Brunhilda traveled to Austrasia to marry King Sigebert I. King Sigebert I's half brother, King Chilperic I married Brunhilda's sister, Galswintha. However, Galswintha was not happy, and wanted to go home and take back her dowry. King Chilperic refused, and murdered her. King Chilperic remmarried Fredegund, his first wife. Lots of tension was created between Fredegund and Brunhilda. In 575 C.E., King Sigebert was murdered by King Chilperic, and Brunhilda was exiled to Paris. Later, Brunhilda married Fredegund and Chilperic's son, Merovech. Brunhilda gained power, but Merovech and Brunhilda were split up by King Chilperic, and Brunhilda was exiled once more. In 585 C.E., King Chilperic died, believed to have been murdered by Fredegund. Fredegund started to favor Brunhilda. However, Brunhilda was caught by another of Fredegund and Chilperic’s sons, Chlotar II. She was blamed for the murder of ten kings, including her husband, children, grandchildren, Merovech, and Chilperic. She was found guilty (even though she was not) and put to death in a very gruesome way; she was tied to the back of a wild horse and dragged to her death.

Sam J. Jones

Samuel Jerald Jones (born Andrew J. Cooper III, August 12, 1954), better known as Sam J. Jones, is an American actor. He is best known for playing Flash Gordon. He appeared as himself in the movie "Ted".


Pat Finn

Patrick "Pat" Finn (born July 31, 1965) is an American actor and comedian. He has had several recurring roles in television series, such as "Murphy Brown" and "Ed". He played Santa Claus in "".

Ed Koch

Edward Irving "Ed" Koch (December 12, 1924 – February 1, 2013) was an American lawyer, politician, movie critic, and television personality. He was the 105th mayor of New York City from January 1, 1978 through December 31, 1989. He was also part of the House of Representatives. He was a judge for the television judge show "The People's Court".

Koch was born on December 12, 1924 in The Bronx, New York to Yetta (née Silpe) and Louis Koch. They were a Polish-Jewish family from New Jersey. He was raised in both The Bronx and in Newark, New Jersey. Koch studied at the City College of New York and at New York University School of Law.

Throughout his career, Koch signed many bills including one that allowed gays and lesbians to marry in New York City. Another well-known act he did in New York was that he helped try to find a cure for AIDS. He had many preventions and awareness programs. He was a Democrat. He ran for Governor of New York, but lost the election. His career began to slowly come to an end after Koch suffered a stroke in 1987. When he was a representative, he supported the Civil Right Act during the 1960s.

Koch never married and had no children. Many thought Koch was gay because of the pro-LGBT policies he supported and because he never married. This made Koch angry and told everyone he was not.

Koch went to the hospital on January 19, 2013 and left on January 26. He went back to the hospital on January 31, 2013 because he had chest pains and liquid in his lungs. The next day on the morning of February 1, 2013, Koch died in Manhattan, New York from heart failure, aged 88.

He was buried at Trinity Cemetery and Mausoleum in Manhattan, New York on February 4, 2013. Many people went to his funeral including former United States President Bill Clinton. His marker are written in the last words of Daniel Pearl. He has a Star of David somewhere in his grave. The epitaph of his grave says: ""He was fiercely proud of his Jewish faith. He fiercely defended the City of New York, and he fiercely loved its people. Above all, he loved his country, the United States of America, in whose armed forces he served in World War II"".

A practiced public speaker since his days stumping for Adlai Stevenson, Koch was well known for his quips and one liners. A few include:

(On the occasion of his primary loss to David Dinkins) "The people have spoken...and they must be punished."

"I'm the sort of person who will never get ulcers. Why? Because I say exactly what I think. I'm the sort of person who might give other people ulcers."

"If you agree with me on nine out of 12 issues, vote for me. If you agree with me on 12 out of 12 issues, see a psychiatrist."


Girl Drying Herself

Girl Drying Herself is a pastel by Edgar Degas. It is signed and dated 1885. It measures 80.1 x 51.2 cm (31 9/16 x 20 3/16 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC.

Medical transcription

Transcription means to listen to a recorded voice and to write down what it is saying. Medical transcription means to do this for doctors or other clinicians.

When doctors and nurses help someone in the hospital, they do not have time to write down what they saw or heard. So later they record what they saw and heard, so someone else can write it down. The notes are then added to the hospital's history. The person who does this as a profession is called a medical transcriptionist.

People who do medical transcription normally work in hospitals, doctor's offices, old age homes, and other places where doctors and nurses work. 

There is huge rise in outsourcing of Medical Transcription to other companies. In the United States this field of business is worth US$10 to $25 billion and growing 15 percent each year.
Because of rising costs of Medical Transcription it became recently popular to use different computer products (software) that can reduce transcription costs by as much as 50%. There is no available research about market share between in-house Transcription, outsourcing and software based.

People who do medical transcription do not need as much education as doctors, but they need to know medical words and have basic medical knowledge. They normally go to school for 1 to 2 years. They study some of the things doctors study, plus English and typing. They also learn to use computers and other things needed for medical transcription.

Some medical trainscriptionists go to school using only a computer by using the internet. These medical transcriptionists use tools like email and other things that let people work together from far away. Some people like to learn medical transcription this way more, because it lets you learn when you want to and sometimes saves money. This style of learning is not as common as learning transcription in a classroom.

To prove they have been trained properly, some medical transcriptionists get certification, which is like a badge showing that they are good at medical transcription. Most good certifications are offered by the AHDI. These are the CMT (Certified Medical Transcriptionist) and the RMT (registered Medical Transcriptionist) certifications. Once a medical transcriptionist has gone to school and gotten a certification, they are considered a good transcriptionist. 

Medical transcriptionists normally make $20,000-30,000 a year in the US, or about $10-16 an hour. The ones who make the most make around $45,000 per year, or $21 an hour. 

Willem Coymans

Willem Coymans is an oil painting on canvas by Frans Hals. It is dated 1645. It measures . It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.. The Gallery writes, "Hals was the first portraitist who consistently depicted his subjects seated sideways, with their arms hooked casually over the backs of their chairs. Coymans, an elegant dandy proud of his expensive clothes, wears an embroidered jacket and sports a pom–pom on his hat, which is pushed forward rakishly. Hals' dazzling brushwork is especially evident in the gold embroidery and the crisply pleated shirt–sleeve."

Bernard Horsfall

Bernard Arthur Gordon Horsfall (20 November 1930 – 28 January 2013) was an English actor. He is known for his roles in "Gandhi" and in "Braveheart". He is also known for his guest-star roles in "Doctor Who". 

Horsfall was born on 20 November 1930 in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, England. He studied at Rugby School and at Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. He was married to Jane Jordan Rogers until his death in 2013. Horsfall died on 29 January 2013 in his home in Isle Of Skye, Scotland. He was 82 years old.

Girl with a Red Hat

Girl with a Red Hat is an oil painting by Johannes Vermeer. It is dated from about 1665 to 1666. It is painted on panel rather than on canvas. It is one of Vermeer's smallest pictures. It measures 22.8 x 18 cm (9 x 7 1/16 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. 

The Gallery writes, "[The] subject has turned in her chair and interacts with the viewer through her direct gaze. The effect is unusual spontaneity and informality. The artist’s exquisite use of color is the painting’s most striking characteristic, for both its compositional and its psychological impact. Vermeer concentrated the two major colors in two distinct areas: a vibrant red for the hat and a sumptuous blue for the robe; he then used the intensity of the white cravat to unify the whole."

Lady Holding a Balance

Lady Holding a Balance (sometimes "Lady Testing a Balance") is an oil painting by Johannes Vermeer. It was painted around 1664. It measures 39.7 x 35.5 cm (15 5/8 x 14 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. The Gallery writes, "Woman Holding a Balance is an allegorical scene that urges us to conduct our lives with temperance and moderation. The painting within the painting offers an important clue in that Christ's Last Judgment is echoed by the woman's own actions. Before her are earthly treasures; behind her is the symbol of the eternal consequences of her actions here on earth. In waiting for the balance to rest at equilibrium she acknowledges the importance of judgment in weighing her own actions in anticipation of the life to come."

Deep diving

In deep diving, divers use a breathing apparatus (a supply of air carried on their backs). Or they may be supplied with breathing gas through a hose from above the water. This allows them to dive to some of the deeper parts of the ocean. Commercial divers may use different gas mixtures (Helium-Oxygen for example). They may also use armoured diving suits pressurized to one atmosphere. A deep dive is considered anything below a depth of about . This is still not very deep compared with the deepest parts of the ocean. Divers sometimes stay underwater for long periods of time. Sometimes they do work on oil wells and pipelines. Sometimes they explore sunken ships to see if they can retrieve items from the ship or help to bring the ship up to the surface. 

One of the dangers of deep diving is decompression sickness. That can happen if divers rise to the surface of the ocean too quickly. For that reason recreational divers need to be certified to show they have training to dive to a specified depth range.


Charlottesville Albemarle Airport

Charlottesville Albemarle Airport is a public airport 8 miles (12 km) north of Charlottesville, in Albemarle County, Virginia, USA. It has had airline flights since 1955. The airport serves the Charlottesville/Albemarle region and surrounding counties. It has 46 daily non-stop flights to six cities. Four airlines use the airport. The runway will be made 800 feet longer by the end of 2013.

The airport has a terminal. There are rental cars, ground transport, and food and gifts from "The Market" Gourmet Deli & Gift Shop. General aviation planes and pilots use the fixed base operator, Landmark Aviation. Landmark Aviation has flight schools and can fix planes or fill them with fuel. Planes can also be rented or chartered. The UVA Hospital's "Pegasus" service can carry sick people to bigger hospitals.


Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon

Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon, known as Luigi's Mansion 2 in Europe, is a video game for the Nintendo 3DS console. It is the sequel to "Luigi's Mansion" for the Nintendo GameCube. It was released on March 20, 2013 in Japan and on March 24, 2013 in North America.

When the Dark Moon shatters, the ghosts in the Evershade Valley become evil. Professor E. Gadd has Luigi find the scattered pieces of the Dark Moon to turn the ghosts friendly again.

"Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon" features multiple mansions for Luigi to explore. Six mansions are available. It uses the console's tilt, or gyro, sensors.

Ice climbing

Ice climbing is a type of mountaineering activity where people climb on ice formations. They might climb on frozen waterfalls or large rocks covered with ice. Ice climbers use special equipment like ice axes, ropes and crampons to climb ice and glaciers.

Ice climbing competitions started in Russia and have been held each winter since 1970.

Dangers to climbers include:


Cave diving

Cave diving is scuba diving which is done in underwater caves. Cave divers dive for adventure but also to find fossils and gather data (dirt samples, water temperature, etc.) that helps scientists better understand the earth and the environment.

Cave diving is more dangerous than diving in open water:


Freediving

Freediving is diving underwater (usually in the ocean) without using a breathing apparatus (air carried in tanks on their backs or supplied through a hose). Free divers practice holding their breath for long periods of time so that they can stay underwater longer.

Usually free divers stay underwater for about 45 seconds. That allows them to explore about 30 feet underwater. Some freedivers can dive to over 100 metres (300 feet), and hold their breath for four minutes or longer.

In Greek, “Apnea” means “Without air” and free-diving is called “Apnea”. Free-diving is similar to snorkeling, but divers need to hold their breath if they go in deep water. Free-diving doesn't need tools for breathing. Free-divers hold their breath until going up to the surface of the sea instead of using an air tank. Therefore, the most important part of free-diving is learning to breathe well. Most people can free-dive since it doesn’t need a snorkel or scuba tank. However, free-divers condition their mind and body before going free-diving.

Pile of shells around dwellings of the Stone Age prove that people caught food under the water. Free-diving started by getting food or trading items, but it has developed as leisure, with divers taking photos today. Today, free-diving is widely practiced as a leisure sport like snorkeling and spearfishing. Anyone can go to the sea and see all kinds of sea animals. Also, free-divers can feel peaceful in the water. Free-diving has grown in the past 10 years by many people want to be with nature.

Learning to breathe is the most important part of free-diving practice. The way of staying in the water longer is to practice breathing slow and deep. Divers breathe in for 5 seconds and breathe out for 10-15 seconds. To avoid over-breathing, they breathe out for a long time more than breathing in. Free-divers practice how to breath in the water, and they can start free-diving when they have a pulse under 80/bpm.

Free diving to great depth is especially dangerous, but any diver who is not well trained can panic, or otherwise fail to return to the surface before they use up the oxygen in their body. They can lose consciousness from anoxia and drown. Professional free-divers can go in the water over 400 feet without any tools for breathing. But some free-divers die. On November. 17, 2013, Nick Mevoli blacked out after trying free-diving at a Bahamas competition. He never woke up again.

Unlike scuba-diving, free-diving needs several basic tools for seeing, breathing, and moving well in the water. Free diving equipment includes a mask, snorkel, fins, wetsuit and weightbelt. Free-diving tools help free-divers to experience more in the water.

Free-divers choose a lightweight mask to fit their faces to swim comfortably in the water. 
Another important tool is a snorkel which helps free-divers breathe when swimming close to the surface of the water. It is good to choose a flexible snorkel to avoid biting too hard and to focus on relaxing.

In addition, free-divers need a good fin for swimming better with small effort. Fins help free-divers to reduce using their energy and the heart rate. It helps to travel farther too. 


Charlotte Rae

Charlotte Rae (born Charlotte Rae Lubotsky; April 22, 1926 – August 5, 2018) was an American actress, comedian, singer, and dancer who was known for her role as Edna Garrett in "Diff'rent Strokes" and in "The Facts of Life". She was nominated for an Emmy Award for Best Actress in a Comedy in 1982.

Rae was born on April 22, 1926 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin to Jewish-Russian parents. She was raised in Milwaukee and in Shorewood, Wisconsin. Rae studied at Shorewood High School and at Northwestern University. She was married to John Strauss from 1951 until they divorced. They had two children.

In April 2017, Rae was diagnosed with bone cancer. She died in Los Angeles, California on August 5, 2018 from the disease, aged 92.


Nedra Volz

Nedra Volz (Nedra Gordonier, June 18, 1908 – January 20, 2003) was an American actress and comedian. She is known for her role as Housekeeper Adelaide Brubaker in "Diff'rent Strokes".

Volz was born on June 18, 1908 in Montrose, Iowa. She was raised in Des Moines, Iowa. Volz was married to Oren Volz from 1944 until his death in 1987. They had three children. 

Volz died on January 30, 2003 in her home in Mesa, Arizona from Alzheimer's disease, aged 94.


Parasailing

Parasailing is a sport. Parasailers are put into a harness that is attached to a parachute. They hold on to a rope and are towed at high speeds behind a vehicle (usually a boat, but sometimes a truck on land). The parachute helps them rise up into the air behind the vehicle. People parasail for the thrill and also to get a good, high view of the scenery around them.

Parasailing is a popular recreational activity that was developed in the 1960s.

Dangers include falling too fast while in the air with injuries upon landing.

The Milk Maid

The Milk Maid is an oil painting by Johannes Vermeer. It was painted about 1660. It measures 45.5 cm (17.9 in) x 41 cm (16.1 in). It hangs in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam.

Zbrasov aragonite caves

The Zbrašov aragonite caves are in the Přerov district of the Czech Republic. It is a protected area of national importance. The caves were created by both surface water and underground spring water. The protected area includes the caves as well as the surrounding forests. The natural underground springs of warm mineral water are rich in carbon dioxide. They are used for spas in the nearby willage and spa resort of Teplice nad Bečvou.

The caves are filled with aragonite and stalagmites which look like geysers. Other formations look like doughnuts. The bottom levels of the cave are filled with carbon dioxide. The temperature stays at 14°C all year, and the caves are the warmest underground places in the Czech Republic. The caves were discovered in 1912 and opened for the public in 1926. 

The Zbrašov aragonite caves are on the bank of the Bečva River. It is at an altitude of 250–310 meters above sea level. It is part of large karst area which includes also Hranická gap. This is the deepest hole in the Czech Republic. It is across the river Bečva under the National Nature Reserve at Hůrka.

Many of the buildings in the area threaten the karst system. Work is in progress to connect them to a sewerage system and remove all the septic tanks and cess pools.

In December 1912, workers at a local quarry uncovered a crack in the rocks. There was warm air coming out of the cracks. Brothers, Josef and Chrome Čeněk, were interested in the karst formations in the area. They made the opening bigger, and in January 1913, climbed down a rope 42m into the dark underground space. The rope broke and both men were trapped in the cave. Their lamp was also broken in the fall, so they had to wait eight hours in the dark to be rescued. Over the next few years many other parts of the 1,322m cave system were explored.

A new entrance into the cave was dug from the Bečva valley. Electric lighting was installed in the cave and in 1926 it was open to the public. In 2002–2005 the caves were renovated. The paths and wiring were renewed. A huge amount of rock was removed. This rock debris had filled some natural cavities and hallways. It had been created at the time of original works and for economic reasons had not been carried out of the caves. During this renovation some parts of the system returned to their original form.

The geology of the area is made up of large blocks of rock. Valleys are short and form along the fault lines between these blocks. There is a layer of Devonian limestone more than 500m thick. This is covered with a younger layer Miocene sediments.

The caves developed from two completely different karst processes. The first was corrosion of surface and water that entered into the cracks in the limestone and created large underground spaces. The second was warm mineral water coming up from depths of up to 2 km. The aragonite and calcite in the cave is formed mainly by calcium carbonate. This can crystallize in three ways. The first is the mineral calcite, which is the most common and consists of cave fillings, such as stalactites, stalagmites, sinter deposits and valances. There are geyser stalagmites that are conical in shape and are a few feet high. These are not found anywhere else in the world. The second type of calcium carbonite is aragonite. This forms white needle-like crystals. Water and carbon dioxide are released. Vaterite, the third and rare form of calcium carbonate is not present.

The area is drained by the river Bečvou, which flows into the River Morava. With heavy rain the river can flood. The most devastating floods in Moravia were 5–16 July 1997. The flood water got into the cave, including the Marble Hall. At the same time the levels of mineral pools was raised and carbon dioxide gas reached the higher level caves. The gas in the visitor area was solved by installing a special suction device that keeps the composition of the air in the values ​​set by the State Mining Administration (up to 1% CO2). The floods also damaged much of the technical equipment, but did not damage the cave's natural features.

Mineral water features in the spas in the two springs and spring Kropáč. There is the RI borehole which is 60.40 meters deep and RIII borehole which is 101.8 meters. The water is heavily mineralized and lukewarm with an average temperature of 22.5°C. The mineral water used for spa treatments including rehabilitative care in oncology diseases, circulatory system diseases, disorders of metabolism and endocrine glands. 

Any Good To You

Any Good To You often shortened to AGTY, is website based in the UK that aims to reduce the amount of things going into landfill by helping people to give away items they no longer need but which are too good to throw away. It has similar goals to Freecycle and Freegle.


Tecophilaeaceae

Tecophilaeaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Asparagales. It includes 8 genera and about 25 species.
These are mainly Southern Hemisphere genera although there is one genus with one species from North America. The rootstock is a corm and the flowers are solitary or arranged on a simple or branched raceme. Flowers are yellow, white, violet, or blue and have six tepals and six stamens and a half-inferior three chambered ovary. The fruit is a capsule and the seeds are black, ovoid and often wrinkled. 


Barney (dog)

Barney (Bernard, September 30, 2000 – February 1, 2013) was the pet of George W. Bush and for Laura Bush. He was a Scottish Terrier. He had a nickname "The First Dog". On Christmas Days, he recorded all the activities held on the White House, which was called "Barney Cam". He was born in New Jersey on September 30, 2000. Barney died on February 1, 2013 from lymphoma in Texas.


Carina (constellation)

Carina is a constellation in the southern sky, only visible from the southern hemisphere. It means the keel of a ship in Latin. Before, it was part of the constellation named Argo Navis. Then, Argo Navis was split into three constellations. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Argo Navis when he made a list of 48 constellations. Carina is one of the 0 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

The star named Canopus is in Carina. Canopus is the second brightest star in the night sky. The Carina Nebula is also in Carina. It is very large emission nebula. It is a region where stars form. Carina also contains the hypergiant stars Eta Carinae and AG Carinae (blue) and V382 Carinae (yellow).

Nick Cannon

Nicholas Scott "Nick" Cannon (born October 8, 1980) is an American actor, comedian, rapper and radio/television personality. He is known for his roles in "Drumline", "Love Don't Cost a Thing", and "Roll Bounce". He also hosted his own show "The Nick Cannon Show". He also hosted "America's Got Talent", "Lip Sync Battle Shorties," and "The Masked Singer".

Cannon was born on October 8, 1980 in San Diego, California. He was raised in San Diego, California and in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Cannon has been married once and has had eight children with five women.

Cannon married Mariah Carey in April 30, 2008. On their third wedding anniversary, Carey gave birth to the couple's twins, a boy named Moroccan Scott and a girl, named Monroe. Cannon has lupus nephritis which can cause kidney problems. He divorced Carey in 2014 and then finalized two years later.

Cannon has two children with model Brittany Bell. In June 2021, his twin sons, Zion and Zillion, were born to DJ Abby De La Rosa. Later that month, his seventh child, a son named Zen, with model Alyssa Scott, was born. Zen died of brain cancer at five months old. In January 2022, Cannon announced he is expecting a boy with model Bre Tiesi. Cannon is reportedly expecting his ninth child with De La Rosa.


Portrait of Juan Pareja

Portrait of Juan Pareja is an oil painting by Diego Velázquez. It dates to 1650. It measures 81.3 × 69.9 cm (32 × 27.5 in). It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Pareja was Velázquez’s slave. He served as an assistant in his workshop. The picture was painted in Rome. It was displayed publicly at the Pantheon in March 1650. The picture gained widespread admiration. Pareja became a painter in his own right. He was freed by Velázquez in 1654.

The Cup of Tea

The Cup of Tea is an oil painting on canvas by Mary Cassatt. It was painted about 1880. It measures 36 3/8 x 25 3/4 in. (92.4 x 65.4 cm). The picture hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The artist made the tea ritual the subject of a series of works painted around 1880-81. The model was her sister, Lydia, who often posed for her. Cassatt showed the painting to critical acclaim in the 1881 Impressionist exhibition.

Mrs. Hugh Hammersley

Mrs. Hugh Hammersley is an oil painting by John Singer Sargent. It was painted in 1892. It measures 81 x 45 1/2 in. (205.7 x 115.6 cm). The picture is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.

The Heart of the Andes

Heart of the Andes is an oil painting by Frederic Edwin Church. It was painted in 1859. It measures 66 1/8 x 119 1/4in. (168 x 302.9cm). It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.

Swimming Hole

The Swimming Hole (sometimes The Swimmers) is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It dates to 1885. It measures 27.625 × 36.625 in (70.2 × 93 cm). It hangs in the Amon Carter Museum of American Art.

Portrait of Douglass Morgan Hall

Portrait of Douglass Morgan Hall is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It was painted in 1889. It measures 61 × 50.8 cm (24 × 20 in). It hangs in the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Douglass Morgan Hall, the son of a Philadelphia ophthalmologist, studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in 1885–86. After Eakins's forced resignation from the Academy, Hall enrolled as one of his students at the Philadelphia Art Students League in 1887, remaining there until 1890.

Arcadia (painting)

Arcadia is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It was painted about 1883. It measures 38 5/8 x 45 in. (98.1 x 114.3 cm). It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City.

The Wrestlers

The Wrestlers is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It dates to 1899. It measures 48 3/8" x 60" in.

Both Members of This Club

Both Members of This Club is an oil painting by George Bellows. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. It dates to 1909 and measures 115 x 160.5 cm (45 1/4 x 63 3/16 in.) 

"Both Members of This Club" was inspired by the fights Bellows attended at Tom Sharkey's Athletic Club in New York. At the time, public boxing matches were illegal in the city. Organizations like Sharkey's made fighters temporary members of the "club" on the night of the event. This allowed the men to fight and not break the law."

Breezing Up

Breezing Up (A Fair Wind) is an oil painting by Winslow Homer. It dates to 1873-1876. It measures 61.5 x 97 cm (24 3/16 x 38 3/16 in.) The picture hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC.

Sharpening the Sycthe

Sharpening the Scythe is an oil painting by Eastman Johnson. It dates back to 1865. It measures 39.2 × 33 cm (15.4 × 13 in). The picture hangs in the Brooklyn Museum.

Kommando Spezialkräfte

The KSK Kommando Spezialkräfte "(Special Forces Command, KSK)" is an elite military unit of Germany. Its soldiers are handpicked from each of the ranks of Germany’s army, the Bundeswehr. The KSK is organised as such under the "Division Spezielle Operationen" (Special Operations Division, DSO). KSK operators are performing joint anti-terror operations, mostly in the Balkans and Middle East.


End of the Day

End of the Day is an oil painting by Frederic Remington. It dates to 1904. The picture hangs in the Frederic Remington Art Museum, Ogdensburg, New York.

The Power of Four

"The Power of Four" is a joint anthem for the British and Irish Lions, a rugby union team. It was created by Neil Myers.

From the four corners of our lands<br>
We're united, hand in hand<br>
Together<br>
We're stronger<br>
We join and proud we stand <br>
Now the day has come, we are one<br>
Standing tall for our Lions' call<br>
We're stronger<br>
Together<br>
We are the power of four.

Boeing 737 Classic

The Boeing 737 Classic is a family of Boeing 737s. The Boeing 737 Classic series is made up of the Boeing 737-300, -400 and -500. These planes were not called the 737 Classics until the Boeing 737 Next Generation family was made. Before the 737 Next Generation family, the 737 Classics were called the 'new generation'. The 737 Classics were made from 1984 to 2000. 1,988 aircraft were made. You can identify a 737 classic by the smaller windows on top of the main windshield

After the Boeing 737-200 Advanced was made, Boeing wanted to make the 737 carry more passengers and fly further. Boeing began designing the 737 Classics in 1979. In 1980, information about the 737 Classic series was given at the Farnborough Airshow.

The 737 Classics had CFM56 turbofan engines. These engines were a very big improvement. They burned less fuel and made less noise. However, when the 737 is on the ground, the bottom of the plane is quite close to the ground. This meant that if the engines were not changed, they would be too close to the ground. Boeing and CFMI solved this by putting the engine in front of the wing, instead of below it. They also moved some parts of the engine to the side of the engine, instead of the bottom. These changes mean that the front of the 737 engines are not circles.

The wing had many changes made to it. The tip of the wing was made longer by . The flaps were also changed. The cockpit was made more modern and the passenger cabin had improvements made. The improvements were similar to improvements made to the Boeing 757.

The prototype of the 737-300 was finished on January 17, 1984. It made its first flight on 24 February 1984. The plane became allowed to fly on November 14, 1984. USAir got the first 737-300 on 28 November. The plane was very popular. Boeing got 252 orders for it in 1985. It got over 1000 in total. The 737-300 series was made until 1999. The last plane was delivered to Air New Zealand on 17 December 1999.

In December 2008, Southwest Airlines asked Boeing to fit the 737-300 with new technology to make it more similar to the 737-700.

The 737-400 was made to fill the gap in between the 737-300 and the 757-200. Its main rivals were the Airbus A320 and McDonnell Douglas MD-80. It was 10 ft (3.45 m) longer than the 737-300. It could carry 168 passengers. It had a bumper on the tail so that it would not touch the ground while it was taking off. The prototype was finished on January 26, 1988. It flew for the first time on 19 February 1988.

The 737-400 went into service on September 15, 1988. The first airline to use it was Piedmont Airlines.

The 737-400F was a type of 737-400 designed to carry cargo. It was not made by Boeing, though. Airlines turned 737-400s into cargo aircraft by themselves. Alaska Airlines was the first to change one of their 737-400s to a 737-400F. It could carry 10 pallets. Alaska Airlines also changed five more 737-400s to carry half passengers and half cargo. These 737-400 aircraft are now being used. The 737-400 has been replaced by the 737-800.

The 737-500 was supposed to be a replacement for the 737-200. It was only made because customers wanted it. The -500 is 1 ft 7 in (47 cm) longer than the 737-200. It can carry up to 132 passengers. Both modern and older cockpits could be installed on the 737-500. Using the CFM56-3 engine burned a lot less fuel than the engines used on the 737-200s.
The first airline to order the 737-500 was Southwest Airlines. The -500 flew for the first time on 30 June 1989. A prototype had to fly for 375 hours so that the 737-500 could be allowed to fly. On February 28, 1990, Southwest got the first plane. The 737-500 has been replaced with the 737-600.

Boeing stopped making the 737 Classic in 2000. 1,651 Boeing 737 Classic aircraft are in service. This includes 879 -300s, 419 -400s, and 353 -500s. This information is correct as of July 2010.

Many countries use the 737 Classic as a military plane. Some of these are:


The Boeing 737 Classic has had 26 hull-loss accidents. There has been 1,040 deaths as of January 2010. 

On February 1, 1991, a US Air 737-300 under flight 1493 was landing at LAX when it collided with a SkyWest Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner. The SkyWest flight was told to taxi through a runway that the US Air flight was landing on. Upon landing the US Air flight crashed into the SkyWest flight. Everyone on board the SkyWest flight died. In total 35 people died and 66 people survived with 23 people obtaining injuries .

Sources: Boeing



Amanda Blake

Amanda Blake (February 20, 1929-August 16, 1989) was an American actress who acted primarily on television programs. She starred as Kitty Russell in the TV series "Gunsmoke". Prior to that, Blake was a telephone company operator. Blake died due to complications of AIDS. She was born near Buffalo, New York.

TV5 Network

TV5 Network, Inc. commonly known as TV5, is a Philippine media company based in Mandaluyong, with its alternate studios located in Novaliches, Quezon City. It is primarily involved in radio and television broadcasting, with subsidiaries and affiliates dealing in various media related businesses. TV5 is owned by MediaQuest Holdings, an investee company of Philippine telecommunications giant PLDT, through its Beneficial Trust Fund, and headed by business tycoon Manuel V. Pangilinan.

Among its assets owns and operates three broadcast television networks (TV5, One Sports and RPTV), the national radio station (92.3 Radyo5 TRUE FM), and the regional radio network (Radyo5). It also operates three international television channels (Kapatid Channel, One Sports Global and RPTV Global) along with subsidiaries digital terrestrial television providers (Sulit TV) an exclusive sales and marketing agent (Media5) as well as digital and online portals technology (D5 Studio; TV5.com.ph, News5 Digital, and GG Network).



Mario Kart Arcade GP

Mario Kart Arcade GP is a racing video game released in arcades in 2005. It was developed by Namco and published by Nintendo. It is the first "Mario Kart" game to be released in arcades. A sequel, "Mario Kart Arcade GP 2", was released in 2008.

In "Mario Kart Arcade GP", players can play as characters from both the "Mario" series and the "Pac-Man" series. There are six stages with four courses each. After completing a stage, the player must put in a coin to continue playing. When the player completes all six stages, a "challenge game" comes up. In the "challenge game," the player has to complete a task under a time limit.

Jack Hobbs

Jack Hobbs (Sir John Berry Hobbs, 16 December 1882 – 21 December 1963) was an English professional cricketer.

Hobbs played for Surrey from 1905 to 1934 and for England in 61 Test matches between 1908 and 1930. Known as "The Master", Hobbs is regarded by critics as one of the greatest batsmen in the history of cricket. He is the leading run-scorer and century-maker in first-class cricket, with 61,760 runs and 199 centuries. A right-handed batsman and an occasional right-arm medium pace bowler, Hobbs also excelled as a fielder, particularly in the position of cover point.

Born into poverty in 1882, Hobbs wished to pursue a career in cricket from an early age. His early batting was undistinguished but a sudden improvement in 1901 brought him to the attention of local teams. Following the death of his father, he successfully applied to join Surrey, with the support of England batsman Tom Hayward. His reputation grew and when he qualified to play for Surrey, he scored 88 on his first-class debut and a century in his next game.

By 1907–08 Hobbs was playing Test cricket for England. He scored 83 in his first Test, and his international career continued until 1930. After some mixed Test performances, Hobbs' success against South African googly bowlers meant that his place was secure, and in 1911–12, he scored three centuries in the series against Australia. Afterwards, he was regarded as the best batsman in the world until the mid-1920s.

In county cricket, Hobbs developed an attractive, attacking style of play where he scored quickly, and he was very successful in the years approaching the First World War. After the war, Hobbs was again successful against Australia, but his career was threatened by appendicitis which caused him to miss most of the 1921 season. When he returned, he was more cautious as a batsmen and concentrated on safer, more defensive play. Yet he continued to be successful in Test and domestic cricket. He retired from Tests in 1930 but continued to play for Surrey until 1934.

Hobbs had a batting technique which critics regarded as ideal. His success was based on fast footwork, an ability to play many different shots, and excellent placement of the ball. His technical ability allowed him to prosper at a relatively late age for a cricketer. He was particularly successful on difficult pitches for batting.

An opening batsman, Hobbs established several effective opening partnerships; with Tom Hayward and Andy Sandham for Surrey, and with Wilfred Rhodes and Herbert Sutcliffe for England. His partnership with Sutcliffe was the most effective in Test history. Contemporaries rated Hobbs extremely highly, and critics continue to list him among the best batsmen of all time.

In 1953, Hobbs was knighted, the first professional cricketer to be so honoured. Hobbs was reluctant to accept and only did so when convinced that it was an honour to all professional cricketers, not just himself.



Kirby's Return to Dream Land

Kirby's Return to Dream Land is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Wii console. It was released in North America on October 24, 2011, in Japan on October 27, 2011, in Europe on November 25, 2011, and in Australia on December 1, 2011. On September 13, 2022, a remake titled Kirby's Return to Dream Land Deluxe was released for the Nintendo Switch on February 23, 2023.

An alien named Magolor crashes his spaceship on Pop Star. The crash throws five important pieces of his spaceship onto the planet. Kirby must find the five missing pieces of his spaceship to fix it and allow him to go back to his home planet. After, they must kill a dragon named Landia. Magolor then attacks them, and must be killed. In "Kirby's Return to Dream Land Deluxe", there is a new mode where you play as Magolor in a different world and must get back your magic powers.

"Kirby's Return to Dream Land" introduces two new elements to the series. Kirby can use a "Super Inhale," where he can inhale large enemies or multiple small ones. Kirby can also use "Super Abilities," which are stronger versions of Kirby's normal abilities. These abilities allow Kirby to destroy multiple enemies at once. It also allows Kirby to destroy parts of the environment.

Moustapha Akkad

Moustapha Akkad (July 1, 1930 – November 11, 2005) was a Syrian-American movie producer and director who was known for producing all the "Halloween" movies until his death in 2005. He did not produce the first two Rob Zombie remakes. "Halloween 9" was cancelled because of his death.

Akkad was born on July 1, 1930 in Aleppo, Syria. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Akkad studied at Aleppo American College, at the University of California, Los Angeles and at the University of Southern California. He was married to Patricia Akkad until they divorced. Then he was to married Sasha Ascha until his death in 2005. He has two children with Patricia and one with Sasha.

Akkad and his daughter, Rima were both killed by a large explosion in the lobby of the hotel. They were in Amman, Jordan. Akkad and his daughter were in the lobby when it happened and his daughter died instantly. Akkad died two days after because of his injuries, aged 75.


The Mill

The Mill is an oil painting by Rembrandt van Rijn. It measures 87.6 cm (34.5 in) x 105.6 cm (41.6 in). It dates from between 1645 and 1648. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. The Gallery writes, "..."[The Mill]" speaks to us as a powerfully expressive work. Rembrandt evokes a feeling of the forces of nature in the dramatic confrontation of the iconic mill, so central to the Dutch way of life, against the sweep of the sky. At the same time, the figures within the landscape give it a human element that we can respond to on a personal basis."

Ned Wertimer

Ned Wertimer (October 27, 1923 – January 2, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Ralph Hart in the television sitcom "The Jeffersons".

Wertimer was born on October 27, 1923 in Buffalo, New York. He studied at University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School. He was married to Skyne Uku from the 1960s until his death in 2013. In November 2012, Wertimer fell in his home in Burbank, California. He died in the hospital in Los Angeles, California from his injuries in January 2, 2013, aged 89.


The Nightwatch

The Nightwatch ("The Company of Frans Banning Cocq and Willem van Ruytenburch, known as the Night Watch") is an oil painting by Rembrandt. It was painted in 1642. It measures 379.5 cm x 453.5 cm (149.4 in x 178.5 in). It hangs in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam. 

Self Portrait (Van Gogh)

"A self-drawn (or self-taken) picture of an artist is also called self portrait"

Self Portrait is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It measures 57.2 x 43.8 cm (22 1/2 x 17 1/4 in.) It was painted in 1889. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. It is one of Van Gogh's last self-portraits.

Argon plasma coagulation

Argon plasma coagulation (APC) is the medical procedure to stop bleeding from an active bleeding site of the gastrointestinal tract. It is done with the help of endoscopy technique.

Van Gogh's Bedroom in Arles

Van Gogh's Bedroom in Arles is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in October 1888. It measures 72 × 90 cm (28.3 × 35.4 in). It hangs in the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam. Van Gogh completed three paintings on the subject.

Cafe Terrace at Night

Cafe Terrace at Night is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in 1888. It measures 81 × 64.5 cm (31.9 × 25.4 in). It hangs in the Kröller-Müller Museum.

Wheatfield with Crows

Wheatfield with Crows is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was finished about 10 July 1890. In 1890, Van Gogh wrote that he had made three paintings in Auvers-sur-Oise of large fields of wheat under troubled skies. "Wheat Field with Crows" was one of them. This painting in particular is often thought to reflect his state of mind towards the end of his life.

Irises (painting)

Irises is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in 1889. It measures 28 × 36.625 in (71.1 × 93 cm). It hangs in the Getty Center.
He painted this when he was 36 years old.

The Storm on the Sea of Galilee

The Storm on the Sea of Galilee is an oil painting by Rembrandt van Rijn. It measures 160 × 128 cm (63 × 50.4 in). It was painted in 1633. It was in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, Boston. It was stolen in 1990, and it is still not found.

Toilette of Venus

Toilette of Venus (also Rokeby Venus, Venus at Her Mirror, Cupid and Venus, etc.) is an oil painting by Diego Velázquez. It was painted between 1647 and 1651. It measures . It hangs in the National Gallery, London.

Laocoön (El Greco)

Laocoön is an oil painting by El Greco. It dates from between 1604 and 1614. It measures 142 × 193 cm (55.9 × 76 in). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. Laocoön is a mythical character taken from the "Aeneid", a Latin epic poem by Virgil. In the legend, Laocoön was a Trojan priest who warned the Trojans not to bring the Wooden Horse into the city of Troy. This angered the gods protecting the Greeks. They caused serpents to rise from the sea to strangle the priest and his two sons. Laocoön and his sons are seen left and center in the painting. The figures to the right may be the Greek gods. The Wooden Horse is seen in the middle distance center. The city in the far distance is Toledo, Spain. El Greco was Greek by birth. He completely ignored the history and mythology of Greece in his work, except for this one painting. This picture is the only classical theme he ever painted.

Red Boats at Argenteuil

Red Boats at Argenteuil is a painting by artist Claude Monet. It was painted in 1875. 

Argenteuil is a town northwest of Paris, France. Claude Monet painted different locations and objects in Argenteuil many times.

The painting belongs to a museum in Paris, the Musée de l'Orangerie in France..

Portrait of Fray Hortensio Felix Paravicino

Portrait of Fray Hortensio Felix Paravicino is an oil painting by El Greco. It was painted in 1609. It measures 112.1 × 86.1 cm (44.1 × 33.9 in). It hangs in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.

South Africa national cricket team

The South African national cricket team, nicknamed the Proteas, represent South Africa in international cricket. They are administrated by Cricket South Africa.

South Africa is a full member of the International Cricket Council, also known as ICC, with Test and One Day International, or ODI, status. As of 24 March 2014, the South African team has played 384 Test matches, winning 140 (36%), losing 129 (34%) and drawing 114 (30%) of its games.

As of 24 March 2014, the South African team has played 498 ODI Matches, winning 307 (61.5%), losing 172 (34.5%), drawing 6 (1.2%) and getting a "No Result" in 13 (2.6%) of its games.

On 28 August 2012 South Africa became the first team to be number 1 in all 3 formats of the game.

Scotland national cricket team

The Scotland national cricket team is Scotland's team in the game of cricket. They compete in the "Clydesdale Bank 40" as the Scottish Saltires. The Scottish Saltires play their home matches at The Grange, Edinburgh.

They were invited as member of the International Cricket Council in 1994. The team were unable to qualify for the World Cup in 2003.

In 2004 the Scotland cricket team played in the first "ICC Intercontinental Cup". They played against Ireland and the Netherlands to progress to the semi-finals in Sharjah. They won against Kenya in the semi-finals, and then won the Cup by beating Canada in the final. They also competed in that tournament in 2005, but failed to get past the first round.

Scotland played their first One Day International matches outside of World Cups against Pakistan in June 2006, with the European Championship matches against Ireland and the Netherlands during August.

Gordon Drummond has captained the side since 2010, and their coach is Peter Steindl from Australia.

Greg Cipes

Gregory Michael "Greg" Cipes (born January 4, 1980) is an American actor, voice artist and singer. He has performed in many movies (including "The Wild" as the voice of Ryan). He has performed in television programs, such as "Teen Titans" as Beast Boy. He was born in Coral Springs, Florida.

Moondyne Cave

Moondyne Cave is a cave in the southwest of Western Australia. It was discovered by Moondyne Joe in 1881. The cave is eight km north of Augusta. It was open for public tours from 1911 to 1959. In 1992 it was reopened for small groups.

Kirby Mass Attack

Kirby Mass Attack is a puzzle platformer game for the Nintendo DS console and is the fourth and last "Kirby" game for the DS. It was made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. It was released on August 4, 2011 in Japan, on September 19, 2011 in North America, on October 27, 2011 in Australia, and on October 28, 2011 in Europe.

One day, Kirby goes for an adventure at the Popopo Islands in Pop Star. When Kirby falls asleep, an evil being named Necrodeus splits Kirby into 10 Kirbys. He then defeats all, but one of the Kirbys. When Kirby wakes up, he notices a star in the sky. The star tells him to follow it so they can defeat Necrodeus. With that, Kirby begins his adventure to defeat Necrodeus and bring himself back together.

In "Kirby Mass Attack", the player takes control of up to 10 Kirbys. The player uses these Kirbys to defeat enemies and solve puzzles. This is done with the console's touch screen. The player taps obstacles or enemies to send multiple Kirbys towards them. The player can swipe the touch screen to use the Kirbys as projectile weapons. To get Kirbys, the player has to collect fruit seen in levels. Each level requires a certain number of Kirbys to enter. In some levels, there are puzzles where you need all 10 Kirbys to solve them.

Fatata Te Miti

Fatata Te Miti (En: By the Sea) is an oil painting by Paul Gauguin. It is dated 1892. It measures 26 3/4 x 36 in. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. The picture was painted a few months after Gauguin's first arrival in Tahiti. He retreated to the island's interior to live among the natives. Tehura, Gauguin's vahine, probably posed for the female on the right. John Walker writes, "In all his canvases painted in the South Seas, Complementary colorsorange and blue, yellow and violet, green and redat their highest intensities and without modulation of values, are balanced harmoniously against each other, forming beautiful, almost abstract patterns.

The Shrimp Girl

The Shrimp Girl is an oil painting by William Hogarth. It was painted between 1740 and 1745. It measures 63.5 x 52.5 cm. It hangs in the National Gallery, London. The brush work is almost Impressionistic in style. It compares to that of French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard. Its subject matter resembles the prints of hawkers and traders popular in Hogarth's day.

The painting depicts a woman selling shellfish on the streets of London. This job was typically one for the wives and daughters of fishmongers. The girl balances a large basket of shrimps and mussels on her head. A half-pint pewter pot in the basket is the girl's measuring cup.

The picture is not strictly finished. It was still in Hogarth's estate after his death. His widow Jane was said to have told visitors, "They say he could not paint flesh. There is flesh and blood for you." The pictue was only sold after his wife's death in 1789. It first received its title "The Shrimp Girl" in a Christie's sale catalog.

Richard Klein

Richard G. Klein (born April 11, 1941 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American Professor of Biology and Anthropology at Stanford University. He is the professor in the School of Humanities and Sciences. He earned his PhD at the University of Chicago in 1966, and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in April 2003. His research interests include paleoanthropology in Africa and Europe.

His publications are about the evoution and archaeology of humans.



George Clive and his Family with an Indian Maid

This painting, now known as Tysoe Saul Hancock, his wife Philadelphia, their daughter Elizabeth and their Indian maid Clarinda was previously misidentified as G"eorge Clive and his Family with an Indian Maid" is an oil painting by Joshua Reynolds. It measures 140 cm x 171 cm (67.3 in x 55.1 in). It was painted in 1765. It hangs in the Gemäldegalerie in Berlin. Lord George Clive was cousin of Robert Clive, founder of the empire of British India. He made his fortune there. Clearly the painter found the Indian nurse's depiction his greatest pleasure. 

William Hootkins

William Michael "Hoot" Hootkins (July 5, 1948 – October 23, 2005) was an American actor and comedian who was known for his roles in "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "", and as Lt. Eckhert in "Batman".

Hootkins was born on July 5, 1948 in Dallas, Texas. He studied at Princeton University and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. He was taken to the FBI because they thought he had something to do with the Assassination of John F. Kennedy.

He was married to Polly Hootkins from 1973 until they divorced in 2005. Then he was married to Carolyn Robb from July 2005 until his death in October 2005.

Hootkins lived in London, England until 2002 when he moved to Los Angeles, California. Hootkins died on October 23, 2005 in Santa Monica, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 57.


Jason Acuña

Jason Acuña (born May 16, 1973), he is mostly known as Wee-Man, is an American TV personality, stunt performer and actor. He is one of the crew members for "Jackass" and stared in all of its movies. Acuña has achondroplasia, a form of dwarfism.

Acuña was born on May 16, 1973 in Pisa, Italy with a Chilean origin. He was raised in Torrance, California. He studied at North High School.


Preston Lacy

Preston Lacy (born August 14, 1969) is an American daredevil, actor, and writer. He is known for being one of the cast members of "Jackass". He is known for his stunts with Jason Acuña. Lacy was born on August 14, 1969 in Carthage, Missouri.



Dave England

Dave England (born December 30, 1969) is an American stunt performer and actor. He is known for his works in "Jackass" and for all of its movies. England was born in Ventura, California.


Ehren McGhehey

Ehren McGhehey (born November 29, 1976) or Danger Ehren is an American daredevil and actor. He is known for being one of the crew members of "Jackass". He has been in all of its movies. McGhehey was born on November 29, 1976 in McMinnville, Oregon.



Chris Pontius

Christopher Andrew "Chris" Pontius (born July 16, 1974) is an American television personality and daredevil and actor. He is one of the crew members for "Jackass" and for all of its movies. Pontius was born on July 16, 1974 in Pasadena, California. He is married to Claire Nolan.


Steve-O

Steve-O (born Stephen Gilchrist Glover; June 13, 1974) is a British-Canadian-American stunt performer, comedian, actor, and TV personality. He is known for being one of the cast members of "Jackass".

Steve-O was born on June 13, 1974 in London, England to a Canadian mother and to an American father. He was raised in Darien, Connecticut and in Miami, Florida. Steve-O studied at the University of Miami and at the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Clown College. He was in rehab several times.


RSGC1

RSGC1 is a massive young open star cluster in the Milky Way galaxy. It was discovered in 2006 in the data from infrared surveys. 

There are 12 red supergiants identified so far. These are massive young stars undergoing helium burning in their cores. There is also one yellow hypergiant, and one intermediate. The cluster is in the constellation Scutum at about 6.6 kpc from the Sun. It is at the intersection of the northern end of the Long Bar of the Milky Way and the inner portion of the Scutum–Centaurus Arm—one of its two major spiral arms.

The age of RSGC1 is estimated at 10–14 million years. The observed red supergiants with the mass of about 16–20 solar masses will become type II supernovas. The cluster is heavily obscured and has not been detected in the visible light. It lies close to other groups of red supergiants known as Stephenson 2, RSGC3 and Alicante 8. The mass of RSGC1 is estimated at 30 thousand solar masses, which makes it one the most massive open clusters in the Galaxy.

Arne Duncan

Arne Duncan (born November 6, 1964) is an American education administrator. He was the United States Secretary of Education from 2009 through 2015. Duncan previously served as CEO of the Chicago Public Schools. He is a Democrat. He supports gay marriage.

Duncan was born on November 6, 1964 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Harvard University. Duncan is married to Karen Luann. They have two children. He lived in Arlington, Virginia and in Chicago, Illinois.


James Gammon

Richard Gammon (April 20, 1940 – July 16, 2010) was an American actor and entertainer. He was known for his role as Ulysses S. Grant in "Lincoln", Mr. Sutherland in "Wyatt Earp", and as Lou Brown in "Major League".

Gammon was born on April 20, 1940 in Newman, Illinois. Gammon was married to Nancy Jane Kapusta from 1972 until his death in 2010. Gammon died on July 16, 2010 from adrenal and liver cancer in Costa Mesa, California, aged 70.

Bug (river)

Bug is a name of two rivers in eastern Europe on opposite sides of the European watershed. The (western) Bug flows through western Ukraine, south-western Belarus and Poland. It is 772 km long and empties into the Vistula. The basin of Bug is about 30,420 km large.



Makoto Sakurai (disambiguation)

Makoto Sakurai may refer to

Jodi Rell

Mary Carolyn "Jodi" Rell (born Mary Carolyn Reavis; 16 June 1946) is an American Republican politician. She was the eighty-seventh Governor of the Connecticut. Rell was Governor from 2004 to 2011. Before that, she was Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut under John G. Rowland. Rowland resigned during a corruption investigation. Rell was the second female Governor of Connecticut, after Ella Grasso. She was replaced in 2010 by Dannel Malloy.

The Graham Children

The Graham Children is an oil painting by William Hogarth. It was painted in 1742. It measures 160.5 × 181 cm (63.2 × 71.3 in). It hangs in the National Gallery, London.

The children are painted life size, surrounded by plush furnishings and fabrics that reflect the family's wealth. A gilded bird cage is suspended from a cord and Thomas sits in an ornate baby cart with a fine silver fruit bowl at his feet. Richard plays a tune on a bird-organ which makes the bird sing.

Hogarth's Servants

Hogarth's Servants is an oil painting by William Hogarth. It was painted between 1750 and 1755. It shows the faces of six of his servants. It measures 62 × 75 cm (24.4 × 29.5 in). It hangs in the Tate Gallery, London.

The painting shows three men and three women, of different ages. Each person looks in a different direction. The three women all look young, not children but also not old. The men are different ages, from a boy (at the top center), to an adult man (at the bottom center), to an elderly man (at the top right). Ronald Paulson thinks the servants could be a coachman (coach driver), valet (helper), messenger, housekeeper (top housemaid), and two housemaids. The servants are shown in their normal look, in their normal clothes. The painting was painted with love and sensitivity, showing Hogarth's affection for his servants.

Saint Helier

Saint Helier or St. Helier (; French language: "Saint-Hélier" , Jèrriais: "Saint Hélyi") is one of the twelve parts (called parishes) of Jersey, the largest of the Channel Islands in the English Channel. 33,500 people live in Saint Helier. 33,500 is about 34.2% of the number of people of Jersey. It is the capital of the Island (but Government House is in St. Saviour).


Super Bowl XLVII

Super Bowl XLVII (meaning Super Bowl 47 in Roman numerals) was a Super Bowl game in which the Baltimore Ravens, winners of the American Football Conference (AFC) for the 2012 season, beat the San Francisco 49ers, winners of the National Football Conference (NFC) for the 2012 season, 34–31 to become winners of National Football League (NFL) for the 2012 season.

The game was played on February 3, 2013 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. The win gave the Ravens their second Super Bowl title and their first since the 2000 NFL season at Super Bowl XXXV. Joe Flacco was named the Super Bowl MVP.

The game was also nicknamed the Harbaugh Bowl, HarBowl and Brother Bowl because it was the first Super Bowl that featured two brothers as opposing head coaches with both Baltimore's John Harbaugh and San Francisco's Jim Harbaugh facing each other.

The game also marked Ray Lewis' last NFL game after he said that he was going to retire from professional football at the end of the 2012 season.

Lloyd Bentsen

Lloyd Bentsen (February 11, 1921 — May 23, 2006) was a Senator from Texas from 1971 to 1993 and was the United States Secretary of the Treasury under the Clinton administration from 1993 to 1994. He was a congressman from Texas from 1948 to 1955. He was also chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance from 1987 to 1993. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

He was the Vice Presidential running mate in the 1988 United States presidential election, but lost to Dan Quayle. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He died on May 23, 2006 in his home in Houston, Texas from a stroke, aged 85.


Lone pair

Electrons that remain unbonded to another atom are called lone pairs, while electrons that are bonded between two atoms are called bonding pairs. A lone pair is a group of two electrons that are not used in any bonds between atoms. They are always in the last shell of an atom, the valence shell. Together with the electrons used in bonding they make up the total number of valence electrons. They are usually high in energy.

You can think of a lone pair as a pair of electrons that an atom isn't sharing with anyone else.

A lone pair can be used to form new bonds between molecules. Nucleophiles always have a lone pair that is used to attack an electrophile. Lone pairs are also important for the shape of a molecule. They take more space around an atom than a bonding electron. Lone pairs on a same atom want to be as far away from each other as possible.

Artemision Zeus

The Artemision Zeus is a Greek bronze statue. It dates to the Early Classical period, ca. 460 BC. It stands 2.09 m in height. It was found in the debris of a shipwreck near Cape Artemision in 1926-1928. It is in the National Museum, Athens. There has been some debate whether the statue represents Zeus or Poseidon. Caroline Houser believes it is unlikely the statue is Poseidon because his trident would obscure the statue's face.

Edwin Jarvis

Jarvis Hopson or Edwin Jarvis is the butler of Tony Stark. He had also appeared in the Spider-Man comics. He has also been a supporting character in The Avengers comics. He sometimes is mistaken with DC Comics butler Alfred Pennyworth because of their background and what they do. He took care of the Start Mansion and Tony after his parents death.

Jarvis is as J.A.R.V.I.S, a robot in "Iron Man", "Iron Man 2", "The Avengers", "Iron Man 3" and "" because Jon Favreau did not want any confusion with Alfred Pennyworth. He is voice by Paul Bettany.

Nick Fury

Colonel Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Fury is a fictional war hero and spy who helps Marvel Comics heroes such as Hulk, the Fantastic Four, Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and Spider-Man. He formed two groups one with spies S.H.I.E.L.D. and another one with superheroes, the Avengers. He has an eye-patch and uses guns or advanced technology to fight criminals. He used to serve in World War II with Captain America.

In the Marvel movie versions about some heroes such as "Iron Man", "Thor", "", "Iron Man 2", "Iron Man 3", "The Avengers", "", "" and "", "Secret Invasion", and "The Marvels," he is played by actor Samuel L. Jackson.

Happy Rockefeller

Margaretta Large Fitler "Happy" Murphy Rockefeller (June 9, 1926 – May 19, 2015) was the second lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 as the wife of the 41st vice president of the United States, Nelson Rockefeller. She was also the first lady of New York from 1963 to 1973 when her husband was governor.

Her mother was Margaretta Large Harrison and her father was William Wonderly Fitler, Jr., an heir to a cordage fortune. Rockefeller is known by her nickname, "Happy", given when she was a child. She is a great-great-granddaughter of Union general George G. Meade, the commander in the Battle of Gettysburg.

She married Dr. James Slater Murphy, a virologist associated with Rockefeller Institute who was a close friend to Nelson Rockefeller on December 11, 1945, they divorced on April 1, 1963. They had the following four children, James B. Murphy II, Margaretta Harrison Murphy, Carol Slater Murphy, and Malinda Fitler Murphy, who married Francis Menotti, the adopted son of composer Gian Carlo Menotti.

At the home of Laurance S. Rockefeller in Pocantico Hills, New York, on May 4, 1963, a month after her divorce—which was granted for reasons of what "The New York Times" called "grievous mental anguish" and her former husband's lawyer called "irreconcilable differences"—she married Gov. Nelson Rockefeller. He had divorced his first wife, Mary Todhunter Clark, on March 16, 1962. Happy and Nelson Rockefeller had two sons: Nelson Rockefeller, Jr. (born 1964) and Mark Rockefeller (born 1967). She previously had worked as a member of his office staff until her resignation in 1961. 

Happy Murphy's involvement with Gov. Rockefeller was controversial at the time. As the British journalist Lady Jeanne Campbell wrote in the London Evening Standard, when the Murphy-Rockefeller involvement became a topic of media investigation after the announcement of Rockefeller's filing for divorce from his first wife and Happy Murphy's resignation from his staff, "Already people are comparing Happy Murphy to the Duchess of Windsor when she was plain Mrs. Simpson." Echoing the party-wide concerns, an official of the Michigan Republican Party told "The New York Times" that the couple's potential marriage likely would cost Rockefeller the 1964 presidential nomination. "The rapidity of it all—he gets a divorce, she gets a divorce—and the indication of the break-up of two homes. Our country doesn't like broken homes."

In 1971, Rockefeller served as chairwoman of the board for the Saratoga Performing Arts Center. She was appointed as a public delegate to the United Nations by President George H. W. Bush in 1991.

She was a breast cancer survivor who had suffered mastectomy in 1974, two weeks after Betty Ford underwent the same operation. She died of a short-illness at the age of 88.


Hydra (constellation)

Hydra is a constellation that has parts in the northern sky and parts in the southern sky. It is the biggest constellation. It represents a water snake. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Hydra when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

Even though Hydra is a very big constellation, it only has one bright star. This star is named Alphard. Alphard means "the solitary one" in Arabic. Hydra actually has little to identify it exept for a cluster of stars at its head. 

Captain Tsubasa

Captain Tsubasa (キャプテン翼 Kyaputen Tsubasa?), also known as Flash Kicker, or Captain Majid in Arab speaking countries, is a popular long-running Japanese manga, animation, and video game series, originally created by Yōichi Takahashi in 1981. The series mainly revolves around the sport of Association football.

The Captain Tsubasa manga series was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump comic book magazine between 1981 and 1988, spanning a total of 37-tankōbon volumes. It was continued onto a sequel, Captain Tsubasa: "World Youth" Saga, which was serialized between 1994 and 1997 in Shōnen Jump, spanning 18 volumes, and another sequel, entitled Captain Tsubasa: Road to 2002, which was serialized between 2001 and 2004 in Weekly Young Jump, which spanned 15 volumes. The latest sequel entitled Captain Tsubasa: Kaigai Gekito Hen En La Liga, serialized in Weekly Young Jump from 2010 to 2012.

Hang gliding

Hang gliding is a sport which involves soaring in a very small aircraft without an engine.


Pitchfork

A pitchfork is a tool used in farming. It is similar to a garden fork, made of metal or another hard material, with three or more pointed ends. Its long handle, made of wood or hard plastic, is for use while standing. It is usually about the same size as a shovel. It is used to move hay and other materials.

Herbert Boyer

Herbert W. Boyer (born July 10, 1936 in Derry, Pennsylvania) received the 1990 National Medal of Science, and is a co-founder of Genentech. He served as Vice President of Genentech from 1976 until his retirement in 1991.

With Stanley Cohen, he did possibly the first piece of genetic engineering.

Boyer was a Professor of Biochemistry from 1976 to 1991, where he discovered that genes from bacteria could be combined with genes from eukaryotes. In 1977, Boyer's laboratory and collaborators described the first-ever synthesis and expression of a peptide-coding gene. In August 1978, he produced synthetic insulin using his new transgenic genetically modified bacteria, followed in 1979 by a growth hormone.

In 1976, Boyer founded Genentech with venture capitalist Robert A. Swanson. Genentech's approach to the first synthesis of insulin beat Walter Gilbert's approach at Biogen which used genes from natural sources. Boyer built his gene from its individual nucleotides. 

In 1990, Boyer and his wife Grace gave the single largest donation ($10,000,000) bestowed on the Yale School of Medicine by an individual. The Boyer Center for Molecular Medicine was named after the Boyer family in 1991.

In 2007, St. Vincent College announced that they had renamed the School of Natural Science, Mathematics, and Computing the Herbert W. Boyer School.

Boyer is on the Board of Scientific Governors of The Scripps Research Institute.


Thomas Wolfe

Thomas Clayton Wolfe (October 3, 1900 – September 15, 1938) was an American writer from North Carolina. He wrote "Look Homeward, Angel" and "You Can't Go Home Again".

Park Gyu-su

Park Gyu-su (korean:박규수, hanja:朴珪壽, 1807 – 1877) was a Korean politician, Silhak and Neo-Confucianism philosopher, thinker, and liberal activist. One of his pennames was Hwanjae. His grandfather was Park Ji-won, a famous Silhak and Neo-Confucianism philosopher and novelist.


Susana Martinez

Susana Martinez (born July 14, 1959) is an American politician who served as the thirty-first Governor of New Mexico. She was the first female governor of New Mexico and the first female Hispanic governor in the United States. Martinez was a Democrat before the mid 1990s, around which time she became a Republican.

Martinez is from El Paso, Texas.

Kirby's Epic Yarn

Kirby's Epic Yarn is a platformer video game for the Nintendo Wii console. It was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on October 14, 2010, in North America on October 17, 2010, in Australia on February 24, 2011, and in Europe on February 25, 2011.

The game was ported to Nintendo 3DS in March 2019 as Kirby's Extra Epic Yarn which was last "Kirby" game for the system. 

One day, Kirby finds a tomato and eats it. While doing so, an evil being named Yin-Yarn takes Kirby into Patch Land, a place made out of yarn. There, Kirby's body becomes yarn. Kirby also has the ability to transform. This was given to Kirby by the tomato he ate earlier. Kirby uses this ability to rescue a boy named Prince Fluff. Prince Fluff says that Yin-Yarn broke Patch Land into different pieces that were held together by magic yarn. Kirby has to help him find the pieces of the magic yarn to restore Patch Land to normal.

In "Kirby's Epic Yarn", Kirby does not have his inhale ability. Instead, Kirby has a whip-like attack. Kirby can use it both to attack enemies and turn them into yarn. Kirby can also no longer float in air with his breath. Instead, he transforms into an parachute. Kirby can also transform into a car and a dolphin. The car makes Kirby faster, while the dolphin allows him to go underwater.

Each level has three treasure chests to collect. There are also colored beads, which increases the player's score. Having a high score earns medals. The chests and medals unlock extra levels. Beads can be used to purchase furniture and wallpapers. These can be used to change Kirby's living space.

Unlike the other "Kirby" games, Kirby does not have health or lives. If Kirby is damaged or falls into a bottomless pit, he loses some of his beads.

Shizuka Gozen

Shizuka Gozen (1165–1211), or Lady Shizuka, was one of the most famous women in Japanese history and literature. She was a "shirabyōshi" (court dancer) of the 12th century, and a mistress of Minamoto no Yoshitsune. Since she, like many others, are featured largely in the Heike Monogatari (Tale of Heike), Gikeiki (Chronicle of Yoshitsune), and a number of plays of various traditions, her story is quite well known, but it is difficult to separate fact from fiction within it.

Empress Genshō

Empress Genshō (683 – May 22, 748) was the 44th monarch of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Genshō ruled during the years 715 to 724.

In the history of Japan, Genshō was the fifth of eight women to take on the role of empress regnant, meaning that she was the ruler in her own right and not a ruler because she was a married to a ruler. 

Genshō was the only Japanese empress regnant to get her title from another empress regnant, rather than a previous male ruler.


Hōjō Masako

Hōjō Masako (1156 – August 16, 1225) was the eldest child of Hōjō Tokimasa by his wife Hōjō no Maki, the first shikken, or ruler, of the Kamakura shogunate. She was the sister of Hōjō Yoshitoki, and was married to Minamoto no Yoritomo, the first shogun of the Kamakura period. She was also the mother of Minamoto no Yoriie and Minamoto no Sanetomo, the second and third shoguns.

Empress Gemmei

Empress Gemmei (660 – December 29, 721), also known as Empress Genmyō, was the 43rd monarch of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.


Izumi Shikibu

Izumi Shikibu (b. 976?) was a mid-Heian period Japanese poet. She is a member of the Thirty-six Medieval Poetry Immortals. She lived in the same time period of Murasaki Shikibu and Akazome Emon at the court of empress Joto Mon'in.

Mochizuki Chiyome

Mochizuki Chiyome （望月千代女） is a name of female ninja who did "not" exist. Although some non-academic books claim that Chiyome existed in Sengoku period, she did not exist in fact, according to Katuya Yoshimaru; He is an associate professor of Mie University and studies ninja.

According to Yoshimaru, the name of Chiyome was appeared first time in 1971 at a book "考証日本史"("Investigation of Japanese history"); this book was written by non-academic writer 稲垣史生(Shisei Inagaki).


2013 Alabama bunker hostage crisis

On January 29, 2013, a five-year-old boy was taken hostage for almost seven days in Dale County, Alabama, in the United States. The boy, Ethan, was riding to school on a bus. A 65-year-old Vietnam War veteran named Jimmy Lee Dykes came aboard the bus and killed the driver. Dykes took Ethan to an underground bunker on his property, in the Wiregrass Region near U.S. Highway 231.

On the afternoon of Monday, February 4, after negotiations with Dykes had failed and believing the child was going to be hurt very soon, law enforcement agents raided the bunker. The abductor was shot dead. Ethan, who suffers from Asperger's syndrome, was rescued.

Neighbors and officials had described Dykes as a survivalist with "anti-government" views.

Essie Mae Washington-Williams

Essie Mae Washington-Williams (October 12, 1925 – February 4, 2013) was an American school teacher. She is best known as the oldest and natural child of Strom Thurmond, Governor of South Carolina and longtime United States Senator. 

In 2003, she came forward and announced that she was the daughter of United States Senator, Strom Thurmond. Williams said that Thurmond paid for her college. She was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize.

Williams was born on October 12, 1925 in Edgefield, South Carolina to Strom Thurmond and his family's 16-year-old African American servant, Carrie Butler. She studied at New York University and the University of South Carolina. 

Williams was married to Julius T. Williams from 1948 until his death in 1964. They had four children. 

Williams died on February 4, 2013 in her home in Columbia, South Carolina. She was 87.


Roger Bacon

Roger Bacon (c. 1214–1294) was an English philosopher and Franciscan friar who placed considerable emphasis on the study of nature through empirical methods. He is sometimes credited, mainly starting in the 19th century, as one of the earliest European advocates of the modern scientific method inspired by the works of Aristotle and later Arabic works, such as the works of Muslim scientist Alhazen.

However, more recent studies emphasize that he was essentially a medieval thinker, with much of his "experimental" knowledge obtained from books, in the scholastic tradition. A survey of the reception of Bacon's work over centuries found that it often reflects the concerns and controversies central to the receivers. 

Roger Bacon was educated at Oxford University. He studied modern science, theology, and philosophy. His family was rich, which helped pay for the many experiments he conducted. After lecturing at Oxford he moved to Paris to learn and study. Bacon was one of the first people to teach about Aristotle in Paris. During his time he wrote a book named "On the Marvelous Power of art and nature". He wrote a long list of inventions he had in mind, naming steamships, telescope, eye glasses, and microscopes. 

He was apparently so intently concentrated in his experiments and he had an aggressive personality, he was known to be socially awkward. In 1247 he stopped teaching because of bad health and proceeded to study, experiment, and become a friar. Years later, he was sent to a monastery because of upsetting fellow friars and superiors. He was there for about 10 years, and was unable to conduct experiments and studies. He was then sponsored by Pope Clement IV, but shortly after the Pope’s death in 1278 Bacon was accused of being a “magician”. He was imprisoned in a convent in Paris for 12 years, until 1292. He died around 1294 when he was about 80 years old.

Mario Pinball Land

Mario Pinball Land is a pinball video game for the Game Boy Advance console. It was developed by Fuse Games and published by Nintendo. It was released on August 26, 2004 in Japan, on October 4, 2004 in North America, and on November 26, 2004 in Europe.

Mario and Princess Peach are visiting a funfair. At one point, Peach goes into a cannon. The cannon is operated by Goombas, who shoot her to Bowser's castle. To save her, Mario uses a machine that turns him into a ball. Mario has to play pinball through different worlds to save Peach.

During the game, Mario has to get stars. These stars allow him to go further into the game by opening doors. A total of 35 stars are available. Five different worlds are played in the game. At the end of each world, Mario faces a boss.

Rabiah

Rabiah is a neighborhood in Amman, Jordan. Notable landmarks include the Kalooti Mosque and the Kilo Circle Bridge. The area is comprised of both residential and non-residential communities. Popular cafes and restaurants make Rabiah a commercial hotspot, especially during holiday seasons such as Eid al-Adha. Major streets include Mecca Street, Medinah Street, and Wasfi Al Tall Street.

West Attica

West Attica () is a regional unit of Greece. It is part of Attica. The capital is the town Eleusis.


Ganache

Ganache (; from the French word for "jowl") is a glaze, icing, sauce, or filling for pastries made from chocolate and cream. It is made by heating cream and pouring it over chopped dark semi-sweet chocolate.

Ella Grasso

Ella Tambussi Grasso (May 10, 1919 – February 5, 1981) was a Democratic Party American politician. She was the first female governor of the state of Connecticut. Grasso was in office from 1975 to 1980. She was elected governor in November 1974. She was the first female governor elected in her own right. From 1971 to 1975, she was a member of the United States House of Representatives. Grasso was born in Windsor Locks, Connecticut.

Grasso died on February 5, 1981 in Hartford, Connecticut of a heart attack and multiple organ failure caused by ovarian cancer, aged 61.

In 1984, President Ronald Reagan posthumously awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

PlayStation 4

The PlayStation 4 (also known by the abbreviated name PS4) is the fourth home video game console produced by Sony Computer Entertainment and is not compatible with the PlayStation 3. It was officially announced at a press conference on February 20, 2013 and launched on November 15, 2013. The PlayStation 4 was discontinued in Japan on 5 January 2021.

Sony focused on "social" aspects as a major feature of the console. Although the PS4 has improved social functionality, the features are optional and can be disabled. Users can create or join community groups based on personal interest. Gamers can watch live gameplay of games which their friends are playing. Online friends can join a play session via streaming.

Sony invited press to a New York City event on 20 February 2013. The company announced the event on Thursday 31 January, inviting us to "see the future".

In 2016, Sony unveiled the PlayStation VR, a virtual reality headset add-on for the PlayStation 4. The PlayStation VR is not included in the pack. It comes with a Mono Headset. The PlayStation VR also has a PlayStation Camera.

There are three different models of the PS4:



Naturalism (arts)

"Also see" 

Naturalism in art refers to the depiction of realistic objects in a natural setting. The Realist movement of the 19th century advocated naturalism in reaction to the stylized and idealized depictions of subjects in Romanticism, but many painters have used a similar approach over the centuries. One example of Naturalism is the artwork of American artist William Bliss Baker, whose landscape paintings are considered some of the best examples of the naturalist movement. Another example is the French Albert Charpin, from the Barbizon School, with his paintings of sheep in their natural settings.

Naturalism began in the early Renaissance, and developed itself further throughout the Renaissance, such as with the Florentine School.

Naturalism is a type of art that pays attention to very accurate and precise details, and portrays things as they are.

Some writers restrict the terms "Naturalism" and "Realism" for use as labels for period styles of the middle and late nineteenth century in Europe and America, thus making available the terms "naturalism" and "realism," all lowercase, for tendencies of art of any period so long as the works strive for an accurate representation of the visible world. Thus, "Naturalism" is tied to a time and place, whereas "naturalism" is timeless. As well as a major turning point in art.


Reg Presley

Reg Presley (12 June 1941 – 4 February 2013) was a British singer-songwriter. He was born Reginald Maurice Ball in Andover, Hampshire, where he lived all his life. He was the lead singer of rock band The Troggs. In January 2012, Presley said he was retiring due to being diagnosed with lung cancer. Thirteen months later, he died at his house in Andover of lung cancer and strokes.

Stheno

Stheno is a gorgon in Greek mythology. She has 2 sisters. She and her sister Euryale was immortal, and the third sister Medusa was mortal. Medusa is the queen who turns people to stone with her eyes. Euryale could jump high. Stheno was very strong. She had snake hair, metal arms, and wings. She was the daughter of Phorcys and Ceto.

Eddie Fisher

Edwin John "Eddie" Fisher (August 10, 1928 – September 22, 2010) was an American singer, actor, writer, musician, and entertainer. Fisher had made hundreds of recording albums. 

Fisher was born on August 10, 1928 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a Russian-Jewish family. He studied at Thomas Junior High School, South Philadelphia High School, and at Simon Gratz High School. It was during high school many people discovered that Fisher had a talent for singing. 

Fisher was married to Debbie Reynolds from 1955 until they divorced in 1959. They had two children; including actress Carrie Fisher. Then he was married to Elizabeth Taylor from 1959 until they divorced in 1964. Then he was married to Connie Stevens from 1967 until they divorced in 1969. They had two children. Then he was married to Terry Richard from 1975 until they divorced in 1976. Then he was last married to Betty Lin from 1993 until her death in 2001. 

Fisher died on September 22, 2010 in Berkeley, California after going into surgery, aged 82. Fisher broke his hip thirteen days before. He had hearing and seeing problems. His remains were cremated and were later buried. He was buried at Cypress Lawn Memorial Park next to his wife Betty Lin.


John Warner

John William Warner, Jr. (February 18, 1927 – May 25, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was the Secretary of the Navy from 1972 to 1974. He was a United States Senator from Virginia from January 2, 1979, to January 3, 2009. 

He did not run for office in 2008. He has rejoined the law firm of Hogan Lovells, where he worked before joining the United States Department of Defense. 

Warner was also the sixth husband to actress Elizabeth Taylor, whom he married before being elected to the Senate. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 2009.

Warner was born on February 18, 1927 in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Washington, D.C.. Warner studied at St. Albans School, at Woodrow Wilson High School, at Washington-Lee University, at University of Virginia Law School, and at George Washington University. 

Warner was married to Catherine Mellon in 1957 until they divorced in 1973, they had three children. Then he was married to Elizabeth Taylor from 1976 until they divorced in 1982. In 2003, he married Jeanne Vander Myde.

A critic of President Donald Trump, he supported Democrats Hillary Clinton in 2016 and Joe Biden in 2020.

Warner died on May 25, 2021 at his home in Alexandria, Virginia from heart failure at the age of 94.


Daniel Akaka

Daniel Kahikina Akaka (September 11, 1924 – April 6, 2018) was an American politician who was a United States Senator from Hawaii from 1990 to 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, Akaka is the first U.S. Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry. He was the Senior Senator of Hawaii for a few weeks when Daniel Inouye died in December 2012.

He studied at the University of Hawaii. In 1969, he was hired by the Department of Education as a chief program planner. In the 1970s he served in various governmental positions. He was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1976 to represent Hawaii's Second Congressional District, and he served for 13 years.

Akaka died in Honolulu of multiple organ failure on April 6, 2018 at the age of 93.


Percy Spencer

Percy LeBaron Spencer (July 9, 1894 – September 8, 1970) was an American engineer and inventor. He was the inventor the microwave oven. Spencer was born in Maine. He invented the microwave by accident when a chocolate bar his pocket melted when he was performing an experiment.

John Betjeman

John Betjeman (28 August 1906 – 19 May 1984) was a English poet. He was Poet Laureate known for his light humorous verse. One of his most famous poems was about Slough, a town in Berkshire. 
It begins with the rhyme:

Betjeman was born in Highgate, London. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. In 1933 he married Penelope Chetwode; they separated in the late 1940s. The couple's son, Paul was born in 1937. Their daughter was Candida Lycett Green (1942–2014). Betjeman's partner from 1951 until his death was Lady Elizabeth Cavendish.

Betjeman died of Parkinson's disease in Trebetherick, Cornwall. He was replaced as Poet Laureate by Ted Hughes. Betjeman was also known as an architectural and cultural critic. He is buried at St Enodoc in Cornwall, near Trebetherick.

Frank Lautenberg

Frank Raleigh Lautenberg (January 23, 1924 – June 3, 2013) was an American Senior Senator of the state of New Jersey. He first served in the United States Senate from 1982 to 2001; after a brief retirement, he was re-elected to the Senate and served from 2003 until his death in 2013. At age 89, Lautenberg was the oldest senator and the last serving veteran of World War II to remain a senator (after the death of Daniel Inouye and Ted Stevens,and Daniel Akaka left office). Lautenberg was the oldest serving Senator.

Lautenberg was born on January 23, 1924 in Paterson, New Jersey to Jewish-Polish-Russian parents. After graduating from Nutley High School in 1941, Lautenberg served overseas in the United States Army Signal Corps during World War II from 1942 to 1946. Then, financed by the GI Bill, he attended and graduated from Columbia Business School in 1949 with a degree in economics.
He was president and chairman of the board of Automatic Data Processing (ADP) for years after joining the company soon after it started.

Lautenberg was elected as Senator from New Jersey in 1982 and 1988. Following his second election, Lautenberg became a member of the President's Commission on Aviation Security and Terrorism (PCAST), which was set up in September 1989 to review and report on aviation security policy in light of the sabotage of Pan Am Flight 103 on December 21, 1988.

Lautenberg was again re-elected in the United States Senate elections of 1994, beating Republican New Jersey State Assembly Speaker Chuck Haytaian by 50% to 47%. Lautenberg helped pass laws that allowed no smoking on airplanes and to raise the drinking age to 21.

He announced his retirement in 2000, but denied it was because he thought he would lose to Whitman or Kean, saying that he had been vulnerable in previous elections and "Mr. Vulnerable always wins". His fellow Democrat and businessman, Jon Corzine, was elected to replace him. In 2001, Lautenberg decided to run again for Senator in 2002. He won the election.

In February 2006, Lautenberg announced his intention to run for re-election in United States Senate elections, 2008, saying that deciding not to run for re-election in 2000 "was among the worst decisions of his life." Lautenberg formally announced his candidacy on March 31, 2008.He defeated Republican Dick Zimmer that November by 52% to 46%.

On February 14, 2013, Lautenberg announced he would not seek re-election. In the press conference, Lautenberg joked, "is it too late to change my mind?" and joked that he would pray "something goes wrong" so he could be called on to run again.

Lautenberg was married to Lois Levenson until they divorced 31 years after their marriage. He was married to Bonnie Englebardt from 2004 until his death in 2013. He had four children with Levenson. In 2010, Lautenberg's wealth was estimated to be between $55 million and $116.1 million, making him the fifth-wealthiest Senator.

In February 2010, Lautenberg was treated for stomach cancer. During that same week, Lautenberg suffered from non-serious injuries from a fall he had. June 2010, it was announced that Lautenberg had gone under chemotherapy for a curable case of lymphoma. Lautenberg later made a full recovery.

Lautenberg died on June 3, 2013 in Manhattan, New York from pneumonia, aged 89. In the interim, the current governor, Chris Christie, appointed a Republican, which changed the party balance in the Senate by one. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Virginia on June 7, 2013.

On June 4, 2013, Governor Chris Christie announced that a special election to fill the current Senate seat will be held on October 16, 2013. A special primary will be held on August 13, 2013. It has been estimated that the two additional elections will cost the state approximately $20 million. Christie also stated he would soon appoint a Republican to fill the seat until the elected replacement takes office. Republican politician Jeffrey Chiesa was chosen to be Lautenberg's acting successor. Chiesa was later chosen to be Lautenberg's official successor in October 2013.


Flannery O'Connor

Mary Flannery O'Connor (March 25, 1925 – August 3, 1964) was an American writer. Her books, include "Wise Blood" and "A Good Man is Hard to Find". Her writing style is sometimes known as Southern Gothic. 

American literature

American literature is poetry, fiction, drama, or essays written by Americans. It also includes literature written by people living in the United States (who are not American citizens).

The 19th century was a fertile era for the American novel and American poetry. The most popular American novelists of the 19th Century were women. Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote Uncle Tom's Cabin about slavery in America. Luisa May Alcott wrote the popular novel Little Women about the dreams and hardships of sisters growing up in rural America. 

Herman Melville wrote the famous novel Moby Dick, about a whaling in America. Moby Dick is often called the greatest American novels. Emily Dickinson is one of the greatest American poets. Dickinson wrote many lyrical, religious, philosophical poems. Walt Whitman wrote the epic poem Leaves of Grass. Masterpieces of Gothic fiction include Nathaniel Hawthorn's Fall of the House of Usher and The Scarlet Letter). Charlotte Perkins Gilman's feminist classic "The Yellow Wallpaper" is also Gothic fiction. Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau wrote philosophical essays. Their philosophical school of thought is called Transcendentalism.
The 20th Century is often called The American Century in art. Novelists of the modern era include William Faulkner, John Steinbeck, T.S. Eliot, Ernest Hemingway, Sinclair Lewis, and Pearl Buck.

Toni Morrison, Eugene O'Neill, Saul Bellow, Joseph Brodsky and Isaac Bashevis Singer won the Nobel Prize in Literature. 

Contemporary fiction writers of include Don Delillo, Paul Auster, Jennifer Egan, Colson Whitehead, Giannina Braschi, David Foster Wallace, and Jonathan Frazen. These writers are often called Postmodern authors. 

There are many popular literary genres. Humorist David Sedaris writes funny short stories about his personal life and odd things about strangers.
Shel Silverstein and Dr.Seuss wrote rhyming poems for children’s books. Judy Bloom writes emotional stories about young girls for young readers. R.L.Stine writes scary stories (Goosebump Series) about monsters and ghosts for boys and girls. Stephen King writes horror novels for adults about murder, monsters, and kidnapping. 

Saul Bellow

Saul Bellow (June 10, 1915 – April 5, 2005) was a Canadian-American writer. He was born Solomon Bellows in Lachine, Montreal to Russian parents. He moved to Chicago, Illinois, when he was nine. He became an American citizen in 1941. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1976. He wrote the books "Henderson the Rain King" and "Herzog". He died in Brookline, Massachusetts.

Averroes

Averroës (also known as Ibn Rušd or Ibn Rushd; 14 April 1126 – 10 December 1198) was a Muslim polymath from Al-Andalus. He was a scholar of Greek and Islamic philosophy. He also studied Islamic theology, law, politics, classical music, and the sciences of medicine, psychology, physics, astronomy, geography and mathematics.

Averroes was born in Córdoba, Al-Andalus. He lived during a unique period in academic history. Interest in philosophy and theology was failing in the Muslim world but just beginning to become influential in Christian Europe. Averroes himself was influenced by the ideas of Aristotle. His philosophy was often criticised by fellow Muslims. He had a larger influence on Western European society. He has been described as the founder of secular thought in Western Europe.

Averroes is most famous for his commentaries of Aristotle's works. Aristotle had been mostly forgotten in the West since the 6th century. Averroes' interpretations of Aristotle's ideas revived Western scholarly interest in Aristotle and ancient Greek philosophy in general. They also led to the development of scholasticism in medieval Europe.

Averroes was born as ʾSan sebastián De La Cruz ʾAḥmad bin Rušd. He was born in 1126 in Andalusia, which at the time was a Muslim country called Al-Andalus. At a young age Averroes had many teachers who helped him begin his study of Islam. He excelled in this and was also interested in law. He began studying medicine in Seville under a man named Abu Jafar al-Turjali.

Averroes began his career with the help of Ibn Tufail, a physician at the caliph's court in Marrakesh. He was able to go to Marrakesh and become a physician because of his knowledge of physics. Averroes was granted many honors and became a "Qadi" (judge) in Seville in 1169.

Two years later he became the Qadi of Córdoba. In his free time he studied and wrote. In 1195, Averroes wrote a paper about how he thought philosophy was less than useful for the discovery of religious truth. He was disgraced and many of his papers were burned. The Caliph imprisoned Averroes and exiled him from the country. He lived in Lucena for a short time, then he was brought back by the Caliph to be a judge. He died in 1198.

Joseph Brodsky

Iosif Aleksandrovich Brodsky (; ; 24 May 1940 – 28 January 1996), better known as Joseph Brodsky, was a Russian-American writer. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1987. He wrote poetry in Russian.


Christine Gregoire

Christine Gregoire (; née O'Grady; born March 24, 1947) is an American politician. She was the 22nd Governor of Washington from 2005 until 2013. She was a member for United States Democratic Party and the second female Governor of Washington. Gregoire chaired the National Governors Association for the 2010–2011 term. She was born in Adrian, Michigan.

Tongs

Tongs are gripping and lifting tools. They are used in laboratories or in cooking are used to pick up hot objects.
There are also laboratory tongs, which are used to grip objects that are kind of, but not very poisonous. (Added by: Levern M.)

After Earth

After Earth is a 2013 American action adventure science fiction movie that M. Night Shyamalan made with Will Smith. Columbia Pictures produced it.

1,000 years in the future, astronauts from another planet (played by Will Smith and his son Jaden Smith) go back to Earth for some reason. Their space ship wrecks and Will Smith gets hurt, so Jaden Smith then has to go signal for help. There are also really mean aliens that are trying to kill Jaden Smith. Will and Jaden hope to eventually escape and go back to their alien planet.


M. Night Shyamalan started filming "After Earth" in February 2012. Before that, Gary Whitta wrote the first script, then M. Night Shyamalan rewrote it, then Stephen Gaghan improved M. Night Shyamalan's script at the end of 2011. M. Night Shyamalan filmed most of the movie in Costa Rica, California, and Pennsylvania.


Zanskar

Zanskar () is a tehsil of the Kargil District of Ladakh, India.

Decompression sickness

Decompression sickness is caused by bubbles which form in the blood and other body parts of people who have the pressure around them decrease too quickly. These bubbles may block the flow of blood and starve the body parts of oxygen, or the bubbles may cause damage by stretching, tearing, or pressing on the affected parts. Decompression sickness is also called "the bends."

Decompression sickness can happen to underwater divers who spend a lot of time in deep water, and return to the surface too quickly for the breathing gases dissolved in their bodies to escape without forming bubbles.

People can also get decompression sickness if they are in a pressurised aeroplane or spacecraft and it is damaged and the air is lost.

Decompression sickness can be prevented by decreasing the pressure slowly. This allows the gases which have dissolved in the body to get out in the breathing air without forming bubbles. Divers do this by coming up to the surface slowly, as the pressure depends on the depth, and reducing the depth will reduce the pressure. For each ten metres change of depth the pressure will change by 1 bar, which is about the same as normal air pressure at sea level.

Divers find out how slowly to come up by using decompression tables or a dive computer. They may need to stop on the way up to wait for enough gas to get out before it is safe to go up further. This is called a decompression stop. The tables or computer will inform the divers what depths they must stop at and how long they must stay at each depth.

People flying high in aircraft avoid decompression by being in a pressurized cabin. In military aircraft the crew may breathe oxygen before the flight for a few hours so most of the nitrogen that is dissolved in their bodies can escape. This is called oxygen prebreathing.
Astronauts preparing for a spacewalk also prebreathe oxygen and decompress inside the spacecraft before getting into their suit and going outside.

When a person breathes, the air or other breathing gas dissolves into the blood from the lungs. This takes some time, and the amount of gas that can dissolve depends on the pressure around the person. If the pressure is greater, more gas can dissolve. After a while no more gas can dissolve at that pressure.

When a diver goes deeper, the pressure gets greater. This makes more gas dissolve in the diver. At the end of the dive the diver must return to the surface of the water where there is less pressure. 

If the diver goes up slowly the pressure will change slowly, and there will be enough time for the gas dissolved in the diver to return from the blood to the breathing gas in the divers lungs and it will be safely removed. If the pressure change is too quick for enough of the dissolved gas to be removed, the gas may form bubbles in the blood and other parts of the diver's body. These bubbles will get bigger when the pressure gets less as the diver gets nearer to the surface. Bubbles which are in the blood may get stuck in small blood vessels. If this happens in the lungs they will usually do no great harm but if they block the blood flow in other parts of the body, the parts where the flow is blocked will not get enough oxygen and may be damaged. This is very dangerous if it happens in the brain or heart. The other place where bubbles may form is in the more solid parts of the body. If these bubbles grow enough they may tear the parts around them or press against them hard enough to do damage.

If a diver gets decompression sickness it can be treated by putting the diver in a decompression chamber, and increasing the pressure to squeeze the bubbles to a smaller size where they do less harm, and by giving the diver pure oxygen to breathe, which helps to get the bubbles to dissolve again. The oxygen also helps to stop more damage to the body by the bubbles which have blocked blood vessels, as there is more oxygen in the blood to keep the parts alive which have less blood supply because of the blockages.

Buzzword

A buzzword is a word or phrase that is made to either summarize a complex idea or reconstruct another word or phrase to reflect a particular point of view. Corporations make up buzzwords so that they can advertise stuff better. In this way, a buzzword is a lot like a product name or a proper noun. People can remember buzzwords better than non-buzzwords, which is why its good for advertising.

Example:
Multimedia has been a buzzword in the computer industry for years.


International trade

International trade is trade between different countries, also known as importing and exporting goods. Businesses in one country will then buy (import) or sell (export) goods to the businesses in other countries. Alternatively, the government of a country will sometimes directly buy from (or sell to) the government of another country.

Governments have sometimes forbidden or more often restricted international trade. When import of goods affects the prices of those same goods in the receiving country, that country's government may pass special laws to regulate the trading. They may then try to use protectionist methods such as high tariffs to discourage import. As a form of punishment or political pressure, some countries may impose economic sanctions, or embargoes that prevent trading altogether with a target country. 

To promote relations, countries may agree to trade with each other without protectionism. This is called "free trade". Free trade reduces trade barriers in exporting items. Free trade is generally supported by fiscal conservatives; trade-protectionism is generally supported by economic nationalist and leftist parties.


Narew

Narew is a river in northeast Poland, and western Belarus. It is long and empties into the Vistula.

Division of Higgins

The Division of Higgins is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. 

It was created in 1949 and is named after Justice H. B. Higgins (1851–1929). Higgins was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly (1894), president of the Carlton Football Club (1904), a member of the Australian House of Representatives (1901–1906), and a judge of the High Court of Australia (1906–1929).

The Division of Higgins covers the inner eastern suburbs of Melbourne, including Armadale, Ashburton, Malvern, Toorak and parts of Glen Iris, Camberwell, Carnegie, Murrumbeena, Prahran, and South Yarra.

Higgins has been important in Australian federal politics and for the Liberal Party of Australia. The seat's first two members, Harold Holt and Sir John Gorton, were the 17th and 19th Prime Ministers of Australia. Higgins is the only Division to have been held by two Prime Ministers. 

Peter Costello the longest serving Treasurer of Australia and former Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party also held the seat from 1990–2009. He resigned in 2009 which meant a by-election had to be held. There had also been a by-election in 1967, after Harold Holt disappeared in the sea.



Division of Murray

The Division of Murray was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. 

It was located in the north of the state, next to the Murray River, which forms Victoria's border with New South Wales. It included the towns of Shepparton, Echuca, Cobram, Yarrawonga, Boort and Bridgewater.

Murray was created in 1949. It was named after the Murray River, which itself was named after British Secretary of State for War and the Colonies Sir George Murray. 

The Division was abolished in 2019 and renamed Nicholls.

It was first held by Rt Hon Sir John McEwen, who was the caretaker Prime Minister of Australia after the disappearance of Harold Holt.




Shepparton

Shepparton () is a city on the floodplain of the Goulburn River in the north east of Victoria, Australia. It is about north-east of Melbourne. In 2006 there were 27,707 living in the city.

Shepparton began as a sheep station and river crossing. It later became an important railway town. Today it is an agricultural and manufacturing city. It is at the centre of the Goulburn Valley irrigation system, one of the largest centres of irrigation in Australia. It is a major regional service city and is the civic administration centre for the City of Greater Shepparton. The Greater Shepparton area includes the towns of Tatura, Merrigum, Mooroopna, Murchison, Dookie, and Grahamvale.

Tatura

Tatura is a town in the Goulburn Valley region of Victoria, Australia, Australia. The town part of the City of Greater Shepparton local government area. It is north of the state capital, Melbourne and west of the regional centre of Shepparton. In 2011 there were 3,672 people living in the town.

There are several large companies based in Tatura. These include Tatura Milk Industries, Goulburn-Murray Water's corporate headquarters, Sinclair Knight Merz, and the Department of Primary Industries (Victoria). Several multinational corporations such as Unilever and Snow Brand Milk Products have processing factories in the town.

Attractions include the Cussen Park wetlands, the World War II Prisoner of War Camps, and the Irrigation Museum.

The name of the town is an Aboriginal word meaning "small lagoon".

Merrigum

Merrigum is a small town in the Goulburn Valley region of Victoria, Australia. The town is part of City of Greater Shepparton local government area. It is north of the state capital, Melbourne. In 2011 there were 672 people living in the town.

The name "Merrigum" is an Australian Aboriginal word meaning a small plain. Merrigum Post Office opened on 1 February 1875.

Golfers play at the course of the Merrigum Golf Club.

Great Artesian Basin

The Great Artesian Basin in Australia is the largest and deepest aquifer (artesian basin) in the world. It stretches over , which is 22% of the surface area of Australia. This includes most of Queensland, the south-east corner of the Northern Territory, the north-east part of South Australia, and northern New South Wales. The basin is deep in places. It may contain of groundwater. Its temperature ranges from 30°C to 100°C. 

The basin is the only reliable source of freshwater through much of inland Australia. The Great Artesian Basin Coordinating Committee (GABCC) coordinates activity between the various levels of government and community organisations.

The water of the GAB is held in a sandstone layer laid down by continental erosion of higher ground during the Triassic, Jurassic, and Lower Cretaceous periods. At the time when much of what is now Australia was below sea level. The sandstone was then covered by a layer of marine sedimentary rock. This formed a confining layer, trapping water in the sandstone aquifer. The eastern edge of the basin was uplifted when the Great Dividing Range formed. The other side was created from the landforms of the Central Eastern Lowlands and the Great Western Plateau to the west. 

Most water enters the rock formations from the higher ground near the eastern edge of the basin (in Queensland and New South Wales). It very gradually flows towards the south and west. A much smaller amount enters along the western margin in arid central Australia, flowing to the south and east. Because the sandstones are permeable, water gradually makes its way through the pores between the sand grains, flowing at a rate of one to five metres per year. 

Discharge water eventually exits through a number of springs and seeps, mostly in the southern part of the basin. The age of the groundwater is got by measuring carbon-14 and chlorine-36. It ranges from several thousand years for the recharge areas in the north to nearly 2 million years in the south-western discharge zones.

Melancholia

Melancholia is a mental illness. A person with melancholia has intense or long-lasting feelings of sadness, for no clear reason. In the 20th century, the term "melancholia" was mostly replaced by "depression" (also called Major Depressive Disorder).

The first person to describe melancholia was Hippocrates, in the 4th century BC. In his "Aphorisms", Hippocrates wrote that all "fears and despondencies, if they last a long time", are symptoms of melancholia.

The name "melancholia" comes from the old medical belief that there are four basic liquids in the body (called humors). According to this belief, diseases happen when the humors are not balanced correctly in a person's body. Humors were also thought to determine personality types. According to Hippocrates, melancholia was caused by having too much black bile in the body. The name "melancholia" means 'black bile'. It comes from the Ancient Greek words μέλας (melas), meaning "dark, black", and χολή (kholé), meaning "bile".

Robert Burton, a16th century scholar, wrote in detail about the condition in "The Anatomy of Melancholy" (1621). It discussed melancholia from both literary and medical points of view. Burton wrote that music and dance were critical in treating mental illness, especially melancholia.

Refugee Boy

Refugee Boy is a book written by Benjamin Zephaniah.

The whole story centers around the 14-year-old Alem Kelo. He is a boy born of an Ethiopian father and an Eritrean mother at a time when the two countries were at war with each other. His father takes him to London to be safe. There he has to fight for his status as a refugee. Alem and his father had to leave Ethiopia or die, so Alem's father (Mr Kelo) decides to leave Alem in England until there is peace. 

Soon after arriving in London, Officers from the council in charge of refugees told Alem that he was going to have a hearing in court. In the hearing, they took a photograph, fingerprints, and was questioned for hours.

Alem was sent to live in a care home for boys. He slept in a room with Stanley Burton. He also made a friend named Mustafa. Later, the caretakers decide to put Alem in a foster home with Mr and Mrs Fitzgerald and their daughter Ruth. At one point during his stay with the Fitzgeralds, he receives a letter from his father stating that Alem's mother was murdered.

Meanwhile, Alem had to appear in court several times to defend his application for refugee status. His father returned to England, because it had become very unsustainable in Ethiopia. He lived in a refugee center. Alem is sent to school, and is a studious boy who reads a lot. His school friends prepare a protest against the verdict of the court (which is to deport him back to Ethiopia). This made a big difference and Alem was even in the news. Immediately afterwards, though, his father is shot by an unknown person. This makes the court decide, finally, that Alem should stay in his foster home (the Fitzgerald family).


"Refugee Boy" was Benjamin Zephaniah's fifth book. It won the 2002 Portsmouth Book Award in the Longer Novel category. According to the opening to the book, the reason Zephaniah wrote the book is because he heard lots of different refugee stories and he combined the stories to create the book.

"Refugee Boy" has been adapted into a play that was directed by Gail McIntyre and designed by Emma Williams. The casting designer is Kay Magson and the playwright is Lemn Sissay. The play premiered in Leeds at the West Yorkshire Playhouse between 9 March 2013 and 30 March 2013.

California State Route 1

State Route 1 (SR 1) is a major north–south state highway that runs along most of the Pacific coastline of the U.S. state of California.

Highway 1 includes parts called Pacific Coast Highway (PCH), Cabrillo Highway, Shoreline Highway, or Coast Highway. Its southern end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) near Dana Point in Orange County. Its northern end is at U.S. Highway 101 (US 101) near Leggett in Mendocino County. Highway 1 also at times runs together with US 101, through a stretch in Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties, and across the Golden Gate Bridge.

The highway is famous for running along some of the most beautiful coastlines in the USA. This is why people sometimes call it an 'All-American Road'. In addition to its scenic route to attractions along the coast, it is also a major thoroughfare in the Greater Los Angeles Area, the San Francisco Bay Area, and several other coastal urban areas.

Spittal of Glenshee

The Spittal of Glenshee lies at the head of Glenshee in the highlands of eastern Perth and Kinross, Scotland where the confluence of many small streams flowing south out of the Grampians form the Shee Water. For centuries, there has been a hostel or inn at the site and, in modern times, the small village has become a centre for travel, tourism and winter sports in the region, sited at a bend on the A93 trunk road which leads from Blairgowrie north past the Spittal to the Glenshee Ski Centre and on to Braemar.

Inhabitation in the Neolithic period is indicated by a Megalithic standing stone behind the old kirk, and the "Four Poster stone circle" on a nearby mound.

When interest in ski mountaineering revived after the First World War and the Scottish Ski Club was resuscitated in 1929, they restarted weekly snow reports with reporters appointed at Lix Toll near Killin, Dalwhinnie, Braemar and the Spittal of Glenshee. The Dundee Ski Club used the "Spittal Hotel" as its meeting place, and pioneered improvements, setting up the first ski tows in Britain at Glenshee in December 1950. The hotel burnt down in 1959, but Spittal of Glenshee has continued to provide accommodation near to the slopes.

The village also provides a stopping place on the "Cateran Trail" waymarked long distance footpath which provides a 64-mile (103 km) circuit in the glens of Perthshire and Angus.

Improvised explosive device

An improvised explosive device (IED), more commonly known as roadside bomb, is a bomb that is constructed by people for other purposes than military action. Paramilitary groups often use such devices for terrorist activities. Unconventional warfare which is done by guerilla forces also uses such devices.

Ladies' Home Journal

The Ladies' Home Journal is an American women's magazine that is published through Meredith Corporation. The magazine first appeared in February 1883, and went on to eventually become one of the leading women's magazines in the United States during the 20th century. LHJ hit 1 million subscribers around 1907. It went quarterly in 2014.

Super Bowl XLVI

Super Bowl XLVI (Super Bowl 46) was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion New York Giants and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion New England Patriots to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2011 season. The Giants defeated the Patriots by the score of 21–17. The game was played on February 5, 2012, at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, the first time that the Super Bowl was played in the state of Indiana.

This Super Bowl is a rematch of Super Bowl XLII, which was also won by New York 17-14 and when they stopped the Patriots perfect season. This time, the Patriots entered the Super Bowl with a regular season 13-3 record, yet they were still the top seed and the New York Giants were the 4th seed.

Carbene

A carbene is a molecule with a carbon atom that has two bonds and two other electrons that do not make any bonds. Since the carbon has only 6 electrons around it, it is quite reactive. The general formula can be written as R-(C:)-R'.

A carbene can be a "singlet" or a "triplet". In the first type, the two electrons that do not make bonds are like a lone pair. They both stay in the same orbital. In a triplet carbene instead, the two electron stay in different orbitals. Here they both have the same spin.

Carbenes can do many reactions. They can be both electrophiles and nucleophiles. They like doing addition reactions on double bonds. They are also found in cheletropic reactions.

Most carbenes are very unstable. However, some can exist for a long time. A famous example is Grubbs' catalyst, which was developed by Robert Grubbs. 

Thiol

A thiol is a molecule that has a R–SH group. Thiols are like alcohols with an oxygen atom changed with a sulfur one. They have often a very strong and bad smell. Thiols are added to natural gas so that people can smell it. This is because methane does not have a smell but can explode very easily.

Thiols are very easy to oxidize. They are also quite acidic, more than alcohols. When the proton is taken away by a base, the thiol can become a nucleophile. It can do reactions like nucleophilic substitution.

One of the natural amino acids, cysteine, has a thiol in its structure.

Orbital

Orbital means something related to an orbit. It might also mean:


Mario Party 2

Mario Party 2 is a party board video game for the Nintendo 64 console. It is the second game in the "Mario Party" series. It was published by Hudson Soft and published by Nintendo. It was released on December 17, 1999 in Japan, on January 24, 2000 in North America, and on November 6, 2000 in Europe. It was later re-released for the Nintendo Wii's Virtual Console in November and December 2010.

"Mario Party 2" is played like the first "Mario Party" game. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. It introduces the item system. Players can buy items by going into an item shop. Items can also be gotten through an item mini-game. Item mini-games are done when a player lands on an Item Space. Players can hold one item at a time. Also introduced are battle mini-games. Battle mini-games are done when a player lands on a Battle Space. Before playing the mini-game, a certain number of coins are taken from all players. The first place player gets 70 percent of the total coins, while the second place player gets 30 percent. The other two players get nothing. Duel mini-games are introduced in this game. A Duel mini-game is played when a player uses the Dueling Glove item. The player chooses an opponent to play against and the number of coins they want to wager. The wager is taken from both players' coin totals. Whichever player wins gets the total coin amount. The Koopa Bank is also introduced in this game. When a player passes by the Bank Space, they have to pay five coins. If a player lands on the Bank Space, they get the total that was in the bank at the time.

Six boards are in the game. In every board but the last one, the characters wear costumes. The costume is themed around the board.

Váli (son of Odin)

In Norse mythology, Váli is a son of the god Odin and giantess Rindr. Váli's brothers are Thor, Baldr and Víðarr. When Baldr was killed, Váli killed the person who killed him. He grew to full adulthood in one day.

We don't know whether Norse people worshipped Váli as a god or whether he was only a character in the Poetic Edda.
He is also the god of flight. Anything that passes through the sky, whether man made or of nature is under his control. To symbolize this his cloak is made of raven feathers that when he spreads his arms looks like wings. Váli is fated to survive Ragnarök.

The Legend of Zelda: Collector's Edition

The Legend of Zelda: Collector's Edition is a 2003 compilation video game for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It includes four games from the "The Legend of Zelda" series as well as some bonus content.

In Japan, the "Collector's Edition" was available from the Club Nintendo catalog for 500 points. From March 18 to April 30, 2004, it was available for 150 points in combination with "Four Swords Adventures".

In North America, it was bundled with the Nintendo GameCube. The collection could also be obtained by subscribing or renewing a subscription to Nintendo Power, or by registering a GameCube and two or more of a selection of four games ("Mario Kart: Double Dash!!", "Mario Party 5", "Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga", and "1080° Avalanche").

In Europe, the game was initially part of the Nintendo GameCube "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" Limited Edition Pak, a bundle which also included a GameCube, controller, and "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!". The collection was also made available via Club Nintendo for 4,500 stars, but only 1,000 copies were distributed in this way.

In the United Kingdom, the "Collector's Edition" was available to GameCube owners who mailed Nintendo proof of purchase of one of several selected GameCube games, including "The Wind Waker", "F-Zero GX", "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!", "1080° Avalanche", "Mario Party 5", and "Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem". Consumers could also send proof of purchase of two titles from the Player's Choice range to receive the game.

In the Netherlands the game was available as a gift for new subscribers to the now defunct Dutch gaming magazine [N]Gamer in mid to late 2004.

In Australia, the game was available as a bonus for purchasing two of six select games. In order to receive the collection, consumers had to send a form with personal details completed, the original receipts of the purchase of two of the qualifying games, and the barcode of both games. The promotion ran from March 19, 2004 to June 14, 2004. Eligible games were "Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour", "1080° Avalanche", "Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles", "Pokémon Channel", "Tak and the Power of Juju", and "Kirby Air Ride". The promotion was initially only going to run until May 31, 2004, but was later extended.


The bonus content includes several promotional videos (A.E. The Wind Waker special movie) and The Legend of Zelda retrospective.

Although the game mentions "sound irregularities" on the disc as a result of emulating Majora's Mask on the GameCube, no mention is made of the game freezing. This is a common issue encountered less often when not using the rumble function. The framerate of the Collector's Edition version of Majora's Mask is also lower than the 20 FPS framerate of the original game. The problems could be caused due to the game's reliance on the Expansion Pack. Majora's Mask also presents a high number of graphical issues, such as the blur effect commonly used during cutscenes either not disappear or not loading entirely. As Ocarina of Time does not use the Expansion Pack used by Majora's Mask, less problems occur. It, however, does experience some minor emulation issues, such as lens flares and other special effects not appearing. Both games also experience another issue. Under normal circumstances, opening the inventory menu will capture the screen and add it to memory before opening the menu so it can appear on top of the game screen. Emulators have difficulty adding this image to the memory, thus, the game will appear to freeze for a couple of seconds before the menu opens up. While this image is being removed from memory as the menu is closed, the game also freezes for a short time.

Stuart Freeborn

Stuart Freeborn (September 5, 1914 – February 5, 2013) was a British make-up artist. He was known for his works in "Star Wars" and for Stanley Kubrick's "". He had designed the make-up for Yoda.

Freeborn was born on September 5, 1914 in Leytonstone, London, England. He was married to Kay Freeborn until her death in 2012. They had three children, all who died before him. Freeborn died on February 5, 2013 in his home in London, England from natural causes, aged 98.


Edgar de Evia

Edgar Domingo Evia y Joutard (July 30, 1910 – February 10, 2003) was a Mexican-born American photographer. He took photos for Town & Country, House & Garden, Look, and The New York Times Magazine.

Evia was born on July 30, 1910 in Mérida, Yucatán. His father was Mexican, and his mother was French. In 1912, his family immigrated to New York City. Evia was partners with Robert Denning from the 1950s until the 1960s. Then he was partners with David McJonathan-Swarm from 1966 until his death in 2003. Evia died in New York City, New York on February 10, 2003 from pneumonia after a broken hip, aged 92.


Peter Gilmore

Peter Gilmore (August 25, 1931 – February 3, 2013) was a British actor. He was known for his roles in "Warlords of Atlantis", "The Onedin Line", and in "Oh! What A Lovely War".

Gilmore was born on August 25, 1931 in Leipzig, Germany to British parents. He was raised in North Riding of Yorkshire. He was married to Una Stubbs from 1958 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Jan Waters from 1970 until they divorced in 1976. Then he was married to Anne Stallybrass from 1987 until his death in 2013. He had a son with Stubbs. Gilmore died on February 3, 2013 in his home in London, England, aged 81. He is not related to British actress Susan Gilmore.


La Serena, Chile

La Serena is a Chilean city, the capital of the Coquimbo Region and the Elqui Province. In the INE 2002 census, the city had 160,148 people.


Echuca

Echuca ( ) is a city on the banks of the Murray River and Campaspe River in Victoria, Australia. On the other bank of the Murray is the New South Wales town of Moama. Echuca is the administrative centre and largest town in the Shire of Campaspe. In 2011 there were 13,708 people living in Echuca.

"Echuca" is an Aboriginal word meaning "Meeting of the Waters". Echuca is close to the junction of the Goulburn, Campaspe and Murray Rivers. It is the closest point of the Murray to Melbourne. This meant it developed as a river port during the 19th century.

Division of Wannon

The Division of Wannon is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. 

It is in the south-west of the state, and includes much of the western part of Victoria. It is next to the South Australian border in the west, and the Bass Strait coast in the south. The Division includes the towns of Warnambool, Portland, Ararat, Hamilton, Stawell and Halls Gap. The Grampians and the Port Campbell National Parks are in the Division. Maryborough and Avoca will become part of Wannon at the 2013 federal election after changes that took place on December 24, 2010. 

The Division was one of the 75 divisions drawn up for the first federal election in 1901. It was named after the Wannon River, which had been named by Major Mitchell in 1836. 

For the first 50 years the division was held by both the Australian Labor Party and the conservative parties. However, changes in 1955 removed most of the seat's Labor-friendly territory, and it has been a safe Liberal seat since then. The seat was held by former Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser.



Pencil sharpener

A pencil sharpener is a machine for making a point at the end of a pencil sharp enough so you can use it.

