Eritrean–Ethiopian War

The Eritrean–Ethiopian War was a war between Ethiopia and Eritrea. It lasted from May 1998 to June 2000. Both countries spent hundreds of millions of dollars on the war, and tens of thousands of people were killed by the conflict. The war resulted in small changes to the border between the two countries.

Eritrea's war of independence lasted for 30 years, on and off; it was started in 1961 and finished in 1991 when Eritrea finally became independent. While this was going on, there was also a civil war in Ethiopia, which began in 1975. This war was started by Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF) as a rebellion to overthrow the Marxist military dictatorship of Derg (a military committee that had overthrown Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974). TPLF and the Eritrean People's Liberation Front were formidable allies during the civil war, but then Ethiopia and Eritrea could not agree on where the border was after Eritrea's independence. One of the main areas of conflict was focused on Badme.

The war took place from May 1998 to June 2000. It become one of the most violent wars in Africa. Ethiopia and Eritrea are some of the poorest countries in the world, but hundreds of millions of dollars were spent on the wars. Tens of thousands of people were killed in the conflicts.

The fighting quickly increased to using artillery and tanks. On 5 June 1998, the Ethiopians launched air attacks on the airport in Asmara and the Eritreans retaliated by attacking the airport of Mekele. These raids caused civilian casualties and deaths on both sides of the border. The United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 1177 condemning the use of force and welcomed statements from both sides to end the air strikes.

The border dispute was settled on 13 April 2002, when an international court heard the case and made a decision. It was decided that the area around Badme belonged to Eritrea. This area, however, was occupied by Ethiopian forces. On 10 December 2005, Ethiopia announced that it was withdrawing some of its forces from the border. As of 2013, Ethiopia still occupies Badme.

Whatever

The term whatever is American slang. It means "whatever you say" or "I do not care what you say". It is used to dismiss something someone else has said. In the late 20th and early 21st century, the word became a sentence in its own right. The character Archie Bunker, from the show "All in the Family", used the phrase often to dismiss his wife Edith in the 1970s. It was strongly prevalent among teenagers in the 1980s and 1990s. 

Division of Wills

The Division of Wills is an Australian Electoral Division of Victoria. 

The division includes the northern Melbourne suburbs of Brunswick, Coburg, Pascoe Vale, Fawkner, Glenroy, and Essendon Airport. It was named after William John Wills, of the Burke and Wills expedition.

Wills has been one of the safest Labor seats in the country. It has been held by Labor except between the 1992 by-election and the 1996 federal election. During this time it was held by independent Phil Cleary. The seat was held by Prime Minister Bob Hawke.

The 1992 by-election is remarkable for a number of reasons. It was caused by Bob Hawke's retirement from parliament. A record 22 people stood for election. It was won by an independent, Phil Cleary. However he was on unpaid leave from the state education system and the Australian Constitution forbids people employed by the government from standing for election. No replacement by-election was held as the court decision which threw out the results was made shortly before a general election was due.



The Mall, London

The Mall is a short but important road in London. It runs from Buckingham Palace at its western end to Whitehall, right near Trafalgar Square. On the way, it runs through Admiralty Arch. It is closed to traffic on Sundays and public holidays, and on ceremonial occasions. 

The Mall was built as a ceremonial route in the early 20th century. There are similar ceremonial routes in cities such as Berlin, Mexico City, Oslo, Paris, Saint Petersburg, Vienna and Washington, D.C.. These routes are often used for major national ceremonies. When the Mall was built, a new façade (front face) was constructed for Buckingham Palace, and the Victoria Memorial was erected. 

The Queen Victoria Memorial is in front of the gates of the Palace, whilst Admiralty Arch at the far end leads into Trafalgar Square. The length of The Mall from where it joins Constitution Hill at the Victoria Memorial end to Admiralty Arch is exactly . St. James's Park is on the south side of The Mall, opposite Green Park and St James's Palace, on the north side. Running off The Mall at its eastern end is Horse Guards Parade, where the Trooping the Colour ceremony is held.

The surface of The Mall is coloured red to give the effect of a giant red carpet leading up to Buckingham Palace. This colour was obtained using synthetic iron oxide pigment from Deanshanger Oxide Works (Deanox), which was created using the Deanox Process devised by chemist Ernest Lovell. 

On VE Day – 8 May 1945 – the Palace was the centre of British celebrations. The King, Queen and Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret were on the balcony behind them, to the cheers from a vast crowd on The Mall.

During state visits, the monarch and the visiting head of state are escorted in a state carriage up The Mall, and the street is decorated with Union Flags and the flags of the visiting head of state's country. During the Golden Jubilee celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II in 2002, over one million people packed The Mall to watch the public displays and the appearance of the Royal Family on the palace balcony. These scenes were repeated in 2011 for the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton, and again in 2012 for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee, and the Diamond Jubilee concert.

Innamincka, South Australia

Innamincka is a very small town in north-east South Australia. It is 1065 km northeast of Adelaide and 459 km from Lyndhurst up the Strzelecki Track. It is on the banks of Cooper Creek in the state's Channel Country, and surrounded by the Strzelecki, Tirari and Sturt Stony Deserts. It is within Innamincka Regional Reserve. In 2006 there were 131 people living in the town.

The area was the traditional home of the Yandruwandha, Aborigines. The first European to visit the area was Charles Sturt in 1845. He was followed by A C Gregory in 1858 and then Burke and Wills. A monument to Sturt, Burke and Wills was built in Innamincka in 1944.

In 1882 a police camp was set up and a small settlement followed. From 7 April 1889, a Royal Mail coach ran fortnightly from Farina, operated by merchants Davey and Pilkington. The town was first named Hopetoun after the Governor of Victoria, the Earl of Hopetoun but it was never popular with locals. The town was never very large, but had a hotel, a store and a police station. Until 1901 the police station was also the customs post for collecting duties on cattle brought overland from Queensland into South Australia. In 1928 the Australian Inland Mission built a hospital here, the Elizabeth Symon Nursing Home. Severe drought and poor access to the settlement resulted in the hotel and hospital closing. In 1951 the police post closed and the town was abandoned.

Increased tourism and discovery of gas and oil in the late 1960s led to the formation of "Cooper Creek Hotel Motel Pty Ltd". The company opened a hotel, a store and accommodation in the abandoned town. In 1994 the Elizabeth Symon Nursing Home was restored by Dick Smith and "Australian Geographic" and used as a visitor centre for South Australian Parks and Wildlife. 

The town common, on the banks of the Cooper, is popular with campers, as are the town's public coin-in-slot toilets and showers.

The Burke and Wills expedition passed through this area on their journey across Australia from Melbourne to the Gulf of Carpentaria. They set up a camp on Cooper Creek at Camp LXV, their 65th camp since leaving Melbourne. This camp is also known as The Dig Tree. Members of the expedition camped at the Dig Tree from 6 December 1860 to 21 April 1861.

The Victorian Contingent Party under Alfred Howitt was sent by the Victorian government to find the expedition. Howitt found the remains of both leaders, Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills and buried them close to the site of Innamincka. He also found the only survivor, John King on the 15 September 1861. King was living with and being cared for by the Yandruwandha aboriginals. 

Howitt returned to the area in 1862 as leader of the Victorian Exploring Party. He set up a depot camp at Cullyamurra Waterhole before digging up the bodies of Burke and Wills and taking them to Melbourne for a State Funeral. 

The site of Wills' grave and King's site are on Cooper Creek downstream of Innamincka. Burke's grave, Howitt's camp and the Dig Tree are on Cooper Creek upstream of Innamincka.


Sankoo

Sankoo () is a town in Ladakh, India. It is south of the town of Kargil, and is a sub-district of the Kargil District.

Super Bowl XLV

Super Bowl XLV was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Pittsburgh Steelers and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Green Bay Packers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2010 season. The Packers defeated the Steelers by the score of 31–25. The game was played on February 6, 2011, at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, the first time the Super Bowl was played in the Dallas–Fort Worth area.

Oxford Street

Oxford Street is a major road in the City of Westminster in the West End of London. It is Europe's busiest shopping street, and has about 300 shops.

Oxford Street was named Oxford street in 1729 and its 1.5 miles long. 

The street forms part of the A40 road, which connects London to Oxford. Like many roads in central London which are no longer through routes it is not signposted with the road number.

Roughly halfway along Oxford Street is Oxford Circus, a busy intersection with Regent Street. A diagonal crossing at Oxford Circus opened in 2009, currently the only one of its kind in central London.

Oxford Circus

Oxford Circus is the busy intersection of Oxford Street and Regent Street in the West End of London. It is served by Oxford Circus tube station, which is directly beneath the junction itself.

The Circus was constructed in the beginning of the 19th century, and was designed by John Nash.

In 2009, Westminster City Council started a £4m scheme for the area, allowing shoppers to cross the intersection diagonally as well as the usual 'straight ahead', turning it into a "pedestrian scramble", much like Tokyo's Shibuya crossing. 

The crossing opened on November 2nd of the same year, by which time the cost had risen to £5 million. The Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, said it was "a triumph for British engineering, Japanese innovation and good old common sense". Others noted that a similar crossing in Balham, South London had opened in 2005 at a cost of only £98,000.

Cold Stone Creamery

The Cold Stone Creamery is an American ice cream network based out of Arizona. Its main products are pies, premium ice cream, smoothies and ice cream cakes. This ice cream group, since 2008, has co-branded certain locations along with other chains in attempts to increase its presence outside the United States.

Max Schmitt in a Single Scull

Max Schmitt in a Single Scull is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It was painted in 1871. The picture measures 32.6 x 46.3 cm. It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The painting sets on the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Lake Karachay

Lake Karachay is a small lake in the Ural Mountains. It lies in Chelyabinsk Oblast, near the town of Ozyorsk. Ozyork was a closed city; the people who worked there built Russia's first nuclear power plant, at Mayak. The lake was used to dump radioactive waste that resulted from operating the Mayak site, from about 1951. This waste had been dumped into the Techa River beforehand. From about 1956, it was also stored in tanks.

The lake is near Mayak, which is the name of a number of nuclear facilities, about 150 kilometres (93 miles) from Ekaterinburg in Russia.

Hobart Brown

Hobart Ray Brown (February 27, 1934 – November 7, 2007) was an American sculptor. He was known for finding the Kinetic Sculpture Race in 1969.

Brown was born on February 27, 1934 in Hess, Oklahoma. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Brown studied at Van Nuys High School, just a few classes from Marilyn Monroe. He was divorced two times. Brown had four children. Brown had a stroke in May 2007. Brown died on November 7, 2007 from pneumonia in Redwood City, California, aged 73.


Roberto Cabral del Hoyo

Roberto Cabral del Hoyo (August 7, 1913 – October 4, 1999) was a Mexican poet, historian, and writer. He was known for his written works "Filly Pearl", "To My Roots of the Earth", "Three", "Against the Dark Wind", and "Word".

Hoyo was born on August 7, 1913 in Zacatecas, Zacatecas, Mexico. He was never married and had no children. Hoyo died on October 4, 1999 from pneumonia in his hometown and were he lived in Zacatecas, Mexico, aged 86.

Santa Barbara, California

Santa Barbara, California is the county seat of Santa Barbara County, California, United States. As of 2020, 88,665 people lived there. It is the second largest county seat in the country, just after Santa Maria, California. Helene Schneider is the mayor.


Santa Maria, California

Santa Maria is a city in Santa Barbara County, in Southern California. In 2020, about 109,707 people lived there. Alice Patino is the mayor.

Otavalo

Otavalo is the capital of Otavalo Canton, is a large busy town in the Imbabura Province of Ecuador. The town has about 90,000 citizens and is surrounded by mountains and volcanoes such as Imbabura 4,630m, Cotacachi 4,995m, and the Mojanda volcanoes.

The indigenous Otavalo people are famous for weaving textiles, usually made of wool, which are sold at the Saturday market called "Plaza de los Ponchos". The shops sell textiles such as handmade blankets, tablecloths, and much more. The Otavalo market is made of mushroom-shaped concrete umbrellas with benches. The market dates back to the 1870s and is one of the largest outdoor markets in South America.

The city also has El Parque Bolívar, a large park in the central square of Otavalo. Sometimes it is called Parque Central as well. It is surrounded by the city's government building and Iglesia de San Luís, a church with an octagonal clocktower. The church was originally built 1676–79. 

The railway station is in the southern part of the town center behind Copacabana Market, 2,532 metres (8,307 ft) above sea level. 

Ibarra, Ecuador

Ibarra (full name San Miguel de Ibarra) is a city in northern Ecuador and the capital of the Imbabura Province. It lies at the foot of the Imbabura Volcano and on the left bank of the Tahuando river. It is about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Ecuador's capital Quito. Ibarra was founded in 1606.

North–South divide

The North–South divide is a term often used in the geography of socio-economics. It describes a difference in economic development between the north and south of the world. The North is made up of mostly developed countries in the Northern Hemisphere – those of Europe and North America. The South is made up of mostly developing and undeveloped countries – those in Africa, Latin America, and Asia. Many of them are in the Southern Hemisphere. The North is home to four of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and all members of the G8.


Shipbuilding

Shipbuilding refers to the manufacturing of ships. In the past many ships were built in places like Glasgow and Sunderland but in the 21st century this industry is not big in the United Kingdom and most ships are built in South Korea and China. Japan once built the most ships but is now in 3rd place.


Saikai, Nagasaki

Saikai is a city in Nagasaki Prefecture Japan, formed in 2005 from the merger of several smaller towns including Oshima.

Tina Majorino

Albertina Marie "Tina" Majorino (February 7, 1985) is an American movie and television actress. She started acting as a child. She acted in the movies "Waterworld" and "Napoleon Dynamite". On television, she acted in the series "Big Love", "Veronica Mars" and "True Blood". She was also in the animated television version of "Napoleon Dynamite". She has a recurring role on the series "Bones". In 2012, Majorino joined the cast of "Grey's Anatomy". Her acting was begun around 1992. She was born in Westlake, California.

Sônia Braga

Sônia Braga (born June 8, 1950) is a Brazilian and American actress. She acts mostly in movies. She starred in "The Rookie" and "Moon over Parador". She has also been in a few television programs, including "". She is the aunt of the Brazilian actress Alice Braga.

Acton

Acton may refer to:




Acton, London

Acton is a district of west London. It is in the London Borough of Ealing.

Trading Mom

Trading Mom (also released as "The Mommy Market") is a 1994 fantasy/comedy movie written and directed by Tia Brelis. Starring Sissy Spacek and Anna Chlumsky, it features the final acting role of André the Giant, who died a year before the movie was released.

Elizabeth, Jeremy, and Harry Martin are three children who have had up to the edge with their mother, a nagging workaholic. Soon, they meet a mysterious gardener named Mrs. Cavour, who tells the siblings of an ancient spell that will make their mother disappear. After saying the incantation one night, the next morning, their mother has disappeared along with their memories of her. Mrs. Cavour tells the children of a place in town called the Mommy Market, where they have about every kind of mother one can think of. The Mommy Market has a policy, however, that one receives three tokens to take one of the mothers home, and if the children do not find a suitable mother by their third token, they could not return. Unfortunately for the children, the mothers they pick, a snappy French woman, a nature-hiker, and a circus performer, do not sit well with the kids, now feeling lost without a guardian to look after them. They want their own mother and try to remember something about her to break the spell.

Langlands program

The Langlands Program is a branch of algebraic number theory. It is a more complicated version of class field theory.

Thioester

A thioester is a molecule with a group C-S-CO-C. They are like esters, but with a sulfur atom instead of an oxygen one. Like esters, they can be made from carboxylic acids. In the synthesis, a thiol is used instead of an alcohol. 

Thioesters are very important in biochemistry. They are made in the body during reactions that make fatty acids. They are also important intermediates in the production of ATP, which is the molecule that gives energy to the body.

In chemistry, thioesters can be also used as electrophiles. They are more reactive than esters and amides. They can also do aldol reactions.

Sulfone

A sulfone is a molecule that has a sulfur atom with bonds to two oxygen atoms. The sulfur has two double bonds to the two oxygens. It has a single bond with the other two groups. They are usually made by oxidising thioethers.

They are used in many important chemical reactions. For example, the Julia olefination uses a sulfone to make an alkene from an aldehyde. They are also sometimes used as solvents.

John Kerr (actor)

John Grinham Kerr (November 15, 1931 – February 2, 2013) was an American actor and lawyer. As an actor. he worked in movies, television and on stage. He won a Tony Award in 1954.

Kerr was born on November 15, 1931 in New York City, New York. His parents were British actor Geoffrey Kerr and American actress June Walker. He studied at Phillips Exeter Academy and at Harvard University.

Kerr had a major role in the movie version of Rodgers and Hammerstein's "South Pacific" (1958), playing Lt. Joe Cable, the newly arrived marine about to be sent on a dangerous spy mission.

In "The Crowded Sky" (1960), Kerr played a pilot who helps the Captain (Dana Andrews) steer a crippled airliner back to earth. Another movie appearance was in Roger Corman's "The Pit and the Pendulum" (1961). In 1963, Kerr had a continuing role on "Arrest and Trial", playing Assistant DA Barry Pine.

Kerr was married to Priscilla Smith from 1952 until they divorced in 1972. Then he was married to Barbara Chu from 1979 until his death in 2013. He had three children with Smith.

Kerr died on February 2, 2013 in Pasadena, California from heart failure, aged 81.


Krsto Papić

Krsto Papić (December 7, 1933 – February 7, 2013) was a Croatian screenwriter and movie director. His career lasted for almost 50 years. He retired in 2012. He was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1989.

Papić was born on December 7, 1933 in Vučji Do, near Nikšić, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Papić died on February 7, 2013 from stomach cancer in Zagreb, Croatia, aged 79.

Thioether

A thioether is a molecule with the group R-S-R. The first atom in R is a carbon. Thioether take their name from ethers. They have a sulfur instead of an oxygen atom between the two R. Thioethers can have very bad smells like thiols. They can also be called sulfides. The C-S-C bond is at nearly 90 degrees.

Thioethers are important in biology. They are present in some amino acids. Petroleum has many thioethers in it as well. Thioethers can be made in the laboratory by the reaction of a thiol with a base and an electrophile. They can do many interesting reactions. It is easy to oxidise them to sulfoxides and then sulfones. 

Dimethyl sulfide is the simplest thioether. It is used in important reactions like the Swern oxidation. This makes aldehydes starting from alcohols.

Limbic system

The limbic system is a group of structures in the brain. These structures cover both sides of the thalamus, right under the cerebrum. It is not a separate system, but a collection of structures from the cerebrum, diencephalon, and midbrain. These structures include the hippocampus, amygdala, hypothalamus, cingulate gyrus, nucleus accumbens and part of the thalamus. It supports many different functions, including emotion, behaviour, motivation, long-term memory, and olfaction.

Collins, Mississippi

Collins is a city in Covington County, Mississippi. In 2020, 2,342 people lived there. Actor Gerald McRaney was born there. 52% of the people are African American and only 40% are white.

Albus Dumbledore

Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore is a fictional character of the "Harry Potter" series. He was the headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry until his death in 1996. He first found Harry when he was a little boy and since then they developed a relationship. In the "Harry Potter" movies he is played first by Richard Harris, and then by Michael Gambon after Harris died, and a younger version of the character was played by Jude Law. He had two siblings, Aberforth Dumbledore and Ariana Dumbledore.

Dumbledore is killed by Severus Snape in the sixth book/movie, after Draco Malfoy failed to do so. However, his character's backstory is explored in the last book of the series. His death would lead to the final battle between Harry Potter and Voldemort.

Though it is never mentioned in any of the books, the author announced publicly that Dumbledore is gay.

Barney Martin

Barney Martin (March 3, 1923 – March 21, 2005) was an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Morty Seinfeld, father of Jerry, on the famous sitcom "Seinfeld".

Martin was born on March 3, 1923 in Queens, New York to an Irish-Catholic family. Martin died on March 21, 2005 in his home in Studio City, California from lung cancer, aged 82.


Lizzie Velasquez

Elizabeth Anne Velásquez (; born March 13, 1989) is an American woman whose rare medical condition has led her to become an author and public speaker.

She was born on 13 March 1989. Her age was reported as 23 in September 2012, a time when she was near to finishing college from Texas State University majoring in communication studies. Her birth weight was only 2 pounds 11 ounces. She was raised by her mother Rita and father Guadalupe as their first child.She 2 younger sisters. She is from Austin, Texas.

Only two other people in the world are known to have the condition she is living with. The oldest woman is called Amanda and lives in England, and the youngest Abigail in the same city as Lizzie (Austin,Texas). Lizzie has no body fat, and weighs only 61 pounds. She is blind in her right eye, and has limited vision in the left eye. Her condition is like some others, especially progeria. She has some symptoms seen in progeria, like the pointy nose and aging skin, but she has more medical problems as well but it is not expected to cause her to die. Doctors and experts at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center have named it as a neonatal progeroid syndrome (NPS) which has allowed her healthy bones, organs and teeth. She should be able to bear her own children who will not live with any of the conditions she has.

At times she was left out and/or insulted by her peers, and has grown up to experience online bullying. Very often she has been stared at in public. It has not always been easy for her to deal with it. She wants people to know about her condition, and her motto is "Stop Staring, Start Learning." 

She has spoken at over 200 events as a motivational speaker, something she enjoys and wants to continue to do.

The first book she wrote was her own life story up to 2010. Her mother and Cynthia Lee were its co-writers.

Her second book, "Be Beautiful, Be You" came out in September 2012. It urges people to learn that it is not appearance which matters the most, and that people should love themselves for who they are.


Mary Steenburgen

Mary Nell Steenburgen (born February 8, 1953) is an American Golden Globe and Academy Award winning actress. She has starred in a lot of notable movies. Steenburgen was born in Arkansas.

Mexican Mafia

The Mexican Mafia is a Mexican American crime organization. The Mexican mafia did not start in Mexico but in the United States. 

Rockefeller University

The Rockefeller University is an American private university in New York City. It does research and offers postgraduate and postdoctoral education. It conducts research mainly in biological sciences and medical science, and has produced or attracted many Nobel laureates.

The Rockefeller University is on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, between 63rd and 68th Streets along York Avenue.

A number of important journals are published by the Rockefeller University Press: the "Journal of Experimental Medicine", the "Journal of Cell Biology", and "The Journal of General Physiology".

Fostering an interdisciplinary atmosphere among its 73 laboratories, a faculty member is assigned to one of only six interconnecting research areas.



Russian mafia

The term Russian mafia represents various crime groups all across the former Soviet Union. They are not a single criminal club, though they represent similar goals and structures which define them. Organized crime in Russia began during early 1700s with thievery and banditry. Nowadays, close to six thousand different groups operate, 200 of which have global reach.

Curator

A curator or keeper looks after collections. It may be a private activity, but usually they look after the collections of a cultural heritage institution. Art galleries, museums, libraries or archives have curators. Zoos have zookeepers and underkeepers.

Curators are subject-matter experts who act as managers. It is an official job description in institutions which have collections. The curator's work involves objects of some kind, such as artwork, collectibles, historic items or scientific collections. Curators in zoos are usually called 'keepers', but it is the same idea.

The word curator comes from the Latin word "curare", meaning to look after. 

Amber Valletta

Amber Valletta (February 9, 1974, Phoenix, Arizona) is an American movie and television program actress and model. She started as a model for fashion agencies. She appeared in movies including "Hitch" (2005), "The Spy Next Door" and the television series "Revenge". Her acting career began around 1993.

Bazargan

Bazargan (; also Romanized as Bāzargān, Bāzarqān, and Bāzergān) is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Bazargan District, in Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,047, in 2,126 families.


Economics of fascism

The term economics of fascism refers to the economic systems that are used by fascist regimes. In general, Fascist regimes wanted to exert strong control over the economy, but also defend private property. The first cases of dirigisme happened in France. One of the first such movements is known as Colbertisme, after Jean-Baptiste Colbert (1619-1683). Colbert was the chief minister of finances of King Louis XIV of France. The ideas of Social Darwinism had a strong influence on Fascist regimes: Some people and enterprises did better than others; those that did better needed the support of the state, those that did not do as well, needed to be eradicated. Since most Fascist regimes were also influenced by racist ideas, the general tendency was to support the companies of the people of the "better" race. Gaetano Salvemini, an Italian historian said in 1936 that fascism made taxpayers responsible to private enterprise, because "the State pays for the blunders of private enterprise... Profit is private and individual. Loss is public and social." Fascist governments encouraged the pursuit of private profit and offered many benefits to large businesses, but they demanded in return that all economic activity should serve the national interest.

Social work

Social work is work done for the welfare of the society. A social worker is a trained person who is paid to manage problems in society.

Social workers are employed to organise welfare and social care for people who cannot help themselves.

Training includes anthropology, economics, education, law, medicine, philosophy, politics, psychology, sociology and science.

Over time, social work has changed. It was mostly a religious and charitable practice. Now it is more professional. It is less a private and volunteer activity and more a publicly funded, paid occupation.

Social workers may do any of these things:


Social workers often have a lot of work and pressure to solve problems. It is a demanding job where people have occupational burnout. Social workers will have cases of homelessness, chronic unemployment, lack of income, lack of health insurance coverage, prison history, and substance abuse problems. Any of these problems, separately and together, can cause difficulty. 


Mario Party 3

Mario Party 3 is a party board video game for the Nintendo 64 console. It is the third game in the "Mario Party" series. It is the last "Mario Party" game for the Nintendo 64. It was made by Hudson Soft and published by Nintendo. It was released on December 7, 2000 in Japan, on May 7, 2001 in North America, and on September 3, 2001 in Europe.

"Mario Party 3" plays like the first two "Mario Party" games. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. A new element in this game is the Game Guy Space. If a player lands on this space, they must pay all of their coins to play a mini-game. If successful, the player's coins will be doubled (or more, depending on the outcome). If the player fails, they lose all of their coins. This is the only "Mario Party" game this space appears in. Also, the player may now hold up to three items at a time. Six boards are available. The last one must be unlocked in Story Mode.

A new feature in this game are duel boards. Here, the player faces another player in a one-on-one duel on a board. Both players have up to two partners they can use. Twelve partners are available to use. The object is to decrease the other player's health to zero. There are six duel boards available. Duel boards are played after party boards in Story Mode. In Story Mode, the player gets a stamp for winning.

Eight characters are playable in this game. Two characters, Waluigi and Princess Daisy, make their first playable appearances in this game.

United States Minor Outlying Islands

The United States Minor Outlying Islands are nine island territories of the United States. They are Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, Palmyra Atoll and Wake Island in the Pacific Ocean; and Navassa Island in the Caribbean Sea. The islands are grouped together for statistical reasons. They are not administered together.

As of 2008, none of the islands have any people living there permanently. The only human population consists of temporary scientific and military personnel. The 2000 census counted 315 people on Johnston Atoll and 1 person on Wake Island. There has been no modern indigenous population, except at the 1940 census. In 1936, a colonization scheme began to settle Americans on Baker, Howland and Jarvis, but all three islands were evacuated in 1942 because of World War II.

The islands are all together represented by the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code UM. The ISO introduced the term "United States Minor Outlying Islands" in 1986. From 1974 until 1986, five of the islands (Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Palmyra Atoll and Kingman Reef) were grouped under the term "United States Miscellaneous Pacific Islands", with ISO 3166 code PU. The code of Midway Atoll was MI, the code of Johnston Atoll was JT, and the code of Wake Island was WK. The Pacific islands are surrounded by large Exclusive Economic Zones.

The following is a list of island airports with ICAO (IATA) codes:


Three of the islands have ports listed in the World Port Index, with World Port Number:


Baker Island, Howland Island and Jarvis Island have a small boat landing place on each. Kingman Reef and Navassa Island have offshore anchorage only.


Mitchell Ryan

Mitchell "Mitch" Ryan (January 11, 1934 – March 4, 2022) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Burke Devlin in "Dark Shadows", Edward Montgomery in "Dharma & Greg" and as Dr. Terence Wynn in "". He also played the villain General Peter McAllister in "Lethal Weapon".

Ryan was born on January 11, 1934 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was raised in Louisville, Kentucky. He was married to Lynda Morse from 1972 until they divorced. They had three children. 

Ryan died on March 4, 2022 at his home in Los Angeles, California from congestive heart failure, aged 88.


Shamrock

Shamrocks are the young sprigs of clover or trefoil. The shamrock is a symbol of Ireland. According to a legend, Saint Patrick used it to illustrate the doctrine of the Holy Trinity. The name "shamrock" is derived from Irish '. This is the diminutive version of the Irish word for clover (') meaning simply ""little clover"" or ""young clover"". Sometimes other three-leafed plants are called shamrocks. The shamrock can be used for its medicinal properties. It was used as a motif in Victorian days. Around March 17 (Saint Patrick's Day) small pots of shamrocks are sold. Some people wear sprigs of shamrock in a buttonhole on the holiday.

John J. B. Wilson

John J. B. Wilson (born May 24, 1954) is an American copywriter and publicist. He is the founder of the Golden Raspberry Awards. He written many books about how he founded the "Razzie Awards".

Wilson was born on May 24, 1954 in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in Santa Monica, California and in Los Angeles, California. Wilson studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. He is married to Barbara Wilson. They have a son. He now lives in Cerritos, California.

Sulfoxide

A sulfoxide is a molecule that has a sulfur atom bonded to two carbons and one oxygen atom. It comes from oxidising thioethers, without going all the way to the sulfone. Like many molecules containing sulfur, sulfoxide can sometimes smell a lot.

Sulfoxides can be written with the general formula R–S(=O)–R'. Sulfur has a double bond with the oxygen, and single bonds with the carbons. That leaves a lone pair on the atom. This means that the shape at that atom is tetrahedral. It also means that the sulfur can be a chiral centre. Sulfoxides are used as good ligands for transition metals.

An important molecule of this kind is dimethyl sulfoxide. It is also called DMSO. It is used as a solvent for many reactions, especially in biochemistry.

Olly Murs

Olly Murs (born 14 May 1984) is an English singer. He comes from Witham, Essex. He became famous after he finished second in The X Factor in 2009.

In August 2010, his first single "Please Don't Let Me Go" came top of the record charts in the UK. After that, he had another three songs that went to number one: "Heart Skips a Beat", "Dance With Me Tonight" and "Troublemaker" (with Flo Rida). He has also made three albums, which all did well in the UK charts. His label is Epic Records.

He is co-host of the X Factor along with Caroline Flack. They took over from Dermot o'Leary from 2015.


LaSalle Street

LaSalle Street is a major north-south street in Chicago named after Sieur de La Salle, an early explorer from Illinois. The section that runs through the Chicago Loop is thought to be Chicago's financial district. The Chicago Board of Trade Building is in the north part of the street. The street is a good spot for movies because of the location of the Trade Building. The street also has many tall buildings.

Lake Shore Drive

Lake Shore Drive is a freeway-standard expressway in Chicago, Illinois. It runs along the shore of Lake Michigan. The highway passes Navy Pier all the through 875 North Michigan Avenue. The drive is a dangerous area during blizzards. The drive was named Leif Ericson Drive (after Leif Ericson) until it was renamed in 1946.


Navy Pier

Navy Pier is a pier on the Chicago shoreline of Lake Michigan. It is long. It is in the Streeterville neighborhood of the Near North Side community area. The pier was built in 1916. It cost $4.5 million. It was a part of the Plan of Chicago developed by architect and city planner Daniel Burnham and his partners. The pier has a tall Ferris wheel.


Daniel Burnham

Daniel Hudson Burnham (September 4, 1846 – June 1, 1912) was an American architect and urban designer. Burnham helped create buildings or streets in Washington, D.C., in New York City, and in his hometown of Chicago. He helped create Navy Pier.

Burnham was born on September 4, 1846 in Henderson, New York. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He was rejected from Yale University and at Harvard University. Burnham was married to Margaret Sherman from 1876 until his death in 1912. They had two children. Burnham died on June 1, 1912 in Heidelberg, Germany from diabetes, aged 65. He was buried in Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.


Barney Frank

Barnett "Barney" Frank (born March 31, 1940) is an American politician who served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1981 to 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as chairman of the House Financial Services Committee (2007–2011). He was a leading co-sponsor of the 2010 Dodd–Frank Act, a sweeping reform of the U.S. financial industry. Frank, a resident of Newton, Massachusetts, is considered the most prominent openly gay politician in the United States. 

Frank was born on March 31, 1940 in Bayonne, New Jersey. He studied at Harvard University. He has been married to Jim Ready since 2012.

Barney's latest book is "Frank Barney Frank," a review of his personal and political career and a strong argument for empowering government to help people. 


Miranda Hart

Miranda Katharine Hart-Dyke (born 14 December 1972) is a British actress, writer and comedienne. She was born in Torquay, Devon. Her parents are Diana Margaret Luce and David Hart Dyke. Miranda grew up in Petersfield, Hampshire. She writes, produces and stars in the television sitcom "Miranda". Her other acting roles include: "Hyperdrive", "Not Going Out" and "Call the Midwife".

Neil Abercrombie

Neil Abercrombie (born June 26, 1938) is an American politician. He was the 7th Governor of Hawaii from December 2010 to December 2014. Previously he was the Democratic U.S. Representative of the First Congressional District of Hawaii, which comprises urban Honolulu.

He served in Congress from 1986 to 1987 and from 1991 to 2010, when he resigned to successfully run for governor. He has also served as a state legislator and member of the Honolulu City Council.

In August 2014, he was defeated in the Hawaii Democratic primary by state senator David Ige.

Abercrombie was born on June 26, 1938 in Buffalo, New York. He has Irish, English, and German ancestry. He studied at Union College and at the University of Hawaii, Manoa. He went to schools in Hawaii with the parents of Barack Obama. Abercrombie has been married to Nancie Caraway since 1981.


Mario Party 9

Mario Party 9 is a party board video game for the Nintendo Wii console. It is the 12th game in the "Mario Party" series. It was developed by Nd Cube and published by Nintendo. It is the second and last game for the Wii (the first being "Mario Party 8"). It was released on March 2, 2012 in Europe, on March 8, 2012 in Australia, on March 11, 2012 in North America, on April 26, 2012 in Japan, on June 29, 2012 in Hong Kong, and on April 11 2013 in South Korea.

In "Mario Party 9", players now move together on boards in a vehicle. The vehicle is themed around the board. Players no longer collect coins and stars. Instead, they collect Mini Stars. Mini Stars are collected by passing by a space with them. There are also spaces with Mini Ztars, which deduct a player's Mini Star amount. Mini-games are no longer played after the end of each turn. Instead, mini-games are played by landing on a mini-game space. At the end of a mini-game, players are ranked from first to last place. Players who earn high positions earn more Mini Stars.

Seven boards are available. One of the boards must be unlocked. Boards now take a straight path. A game ends when the players go around the board once. After a game ends, the players face off against a boss. Each board has a different boss.

Twelve characters are available to play as. Two of the characters must be unlocked in Solo Mode.


Phil Bruns

Phillip Bruns (May 2, 1931 – February 8, 2012) was an American actor and writer who was known for his role as George Shumway in "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman".

Bruns was born on May 2, 1931 in Pipestone, Minnesota. He was married to Laurie Franks from until his death in 2012. Bruns died on February 8, 2012 in Los Angeles, California from natural causes, aged 80.


Ron Leibman

Ron Leibman (October 11, 1937 – December 6, 2019) was an American actor and educator. He was known for his role as Dr. Leonard Green in the famous comedy sitcom "Friends". He won a Drama Desk Award in 1993, an Emmy Award in 1979, and an Tony Award in 1993 for his role as Roy Cohn in "Angels in America".

Leibman was born on October 11, 1937 in New York City, New York. He studied at Ohio Wesleyan University. Leibman was married to Linda Lavin from 1969 until they divorced in 1981. He was married to Jessica Walter from 1983 until 2019.

Leibman died from pneumonia-related problems in New York City on December 6, 2019, at age 82.


Will Keith Kellogg

Will Keith "W.K." Kellogg (April 7, 1860 – October 6, 1951) was an American industrialist in food manufacturing, best known as the founder of the Kellogg Company. His brother was John Harvey Kellogg.

Kellogg was born on April 7, 1860 in Battle Creek, Michigan. He was married to Ella Osborn Davis from 1880 until her death in 1912. They had five children. Then he was married to Carrie Staines from 1918 until her death in 1948. Kellogg died on October 6, 1951 in Battle Creek, Michigan from heart failure, aged 91.


History of mathematics

The history of mathematics is how mathematics has developed over time.
Early maths by Babylonians and Egyptians was built upon by Greeks such as Euclid, Archimedes, Pythagoras and Eratosthenes. Other important people are people such as Fibonacci, Descartes, Leonhard Euler, Blaise Pascal and Gauss.

Many mathematical problems have been proposed and solved. Andrew Wiles became famous by proving the Fermat's Last Theorem.

Some mathematical works had relation with the war. British mathematician Alan Turing created the Enigma machine to uncode Nazi codes. On the other hand, several mathematicians like John von Neumann worked on the Manhattan Project.


John Harvey Kellogg

John Harvey Kellogg (February 26, 1852 – December 14, 1943) was an American medical doctor. He and his brother, Will Keith Kellogg, invented corn flakes.

Kellogg was born on February 26, 1852 in Battle Creek, Michigan. He studied at New York University. Kellogg was married to Ella Ervilla Eaton from 1879 until her death in 1920. They adopted seven children. Kellogg died on December 14, 1943 in Battle Creek, Michigan from an illness, aged 91.


Studebaker

The Studebaker Corporation was an American company in South Bend, Indiana that built automobiles. It started in 1852 making wagons, at that time it was named Studebaker Brothers Manufacturing Company. Later they started making cars and then pickups. In 1966 they went out of business.

At first, Studebaker built horse wagons used by farmers, miners and the military. In 1902 they started making electric vehicles and in 1904 they started making gasoline vehicles. At first they worked with other companies to make the vehicles, but starting in 1912 they made the whole car by themselves. For fifty years they made many cars that worked well and had interesting shapes. But the cars cost a lot of money and after some years of troubles, the company shut down in 1966.

Cars

Trucks

Mamie Van Doren

Mamie Van Doren (born Joan Lucille Olander; February 6, 1931) is an American actress and model. She acts primarily in movies. She is also a singer. Her many movies include "Untamed Youth" (1957). Many times, she would play a bad girl within her movies. Van Doren has been oftentimes compared against other blonde actresses, in particular, Marilyn Monroe. Mamie was born in Rowena, South Dakota.
In 1946, Doren began working at the Pantages Theatre as an usher in Hollywood. Where in the following year, she had a part on an early television series. She sang with Ted Fio Rito's band and entered several beauty contests. 

Doren was 17 years old when she got married to Jack Newman in Santa Barbara, California, but because of his abusive nature the marriage didn't last long. Doren won the titles Miss Eight Ball and Miss Palm Springs at the age of 18 years. 


Gene Barry

Gene Barry (Eugene Klass; June 14, 1919 – December 9, 2009) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "The Atomic City" (1952), "The War of The Worlds" (1953), and "Bat Masterson" (1958-1961).

Barry was born on June 14, 1919 in New York City, New York to a Jewish-Russian family. He studied at Chatham Square School of Music. Barry was married to Betty Claire Kalb from 1944 until her death in 2003. They had three children, one adopted. 

Barry died on the morning of December 9, 2009 from heart failure in his home in Woodland Hills, California, aged 90.


Mehmet Oz

Mehmet Cengiz Öz (born June 11, 1960, called Dr. Oz) is a Turkish-American doctor, writer, educator, and television personality. He has a television show, "The Dr. Oz Show". He helps people with health and weight. He won two Emmy Awards, in 2010 and in 2011.

In November 2021, Oz announced that he was running in the 2022 U.S. Senate election in Pennsylvania as a Republican. He won the nomination in June 2022, becoming the first Muslim to be nominated by either major party for U.S. Senate. He was defeated in the general election by John Fetterman.

Öz was born on June 11, 1960 in Cleveland, Ohio to a Turkish family. He studied at Tower Hill School, at Harvard University, at Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. Öz married his wife Lisa Lemole in 1985. They have four children. He now lives in Bryn Athyn, Pennsylvania.


Jimmie Åkesson

Per Jimmie Åkesson (born May 17, 1979) is a Swedish politician and blogger.He has been the leader of the Sweden Democrats since 2005. In 2010 the Sweden Democrats made it into the Riksdag after the general elections.

February 2013 nor'easter

The February 2013 nor'easter (called by The Weather Channel as Winter Storm Nemo) was a large winter storm that formed from two low pressure areas and affected the northeastern United States and eastern Canada from February 7–10, 2013. The areas affect by the storm were between Virginia and Maine. The storm had hurricane strength winds, lightning, thunder, heavy snows and blizzard conditions. Boston received almost of snow due to this storm. New York City received almost one foot of new snow. It was Connecticut, however, that got the most. Hamden, Connecticut received almost , while nearby cities got at least . About 700,000 customers lost power.


Non-deterministic turing machine

A Turing machine is an idea from computer science that tries to describe how some computers work. Deterministic Turing machines use a function. Given the current state of the Turing machine, it selects another state the Turing machine should have. In other words, from each state there is one other state the machine can have. A non-deterministic Turing machine uses a relation. This means that from some states there are several other states that are possible.

Black Star of Queensland

The Black Star of Queensland is a large gem sapphire. It is the world's largest star sapphire. It is . It was discovered in Queensland in the 1930s. During the 1960s, the Black Star of Queensland was on display at the Smithsonian as part of an exhibition with the Hope Diamond. It was also on display at the Royal Ontario Museum from 2 June to 2 December 2007.

Cheddar

Cheddar most often refers to one of these:

Cheddar may also refer to:




Nearest neighbour algorithm

Nearest neighbour algorithms is a the name given to a number of greedy algorithms to solve problems related to graph theory. This algorithm was made to find a solution to the travelling salesman problem. In general, these algorithms try to find a Hamlitonian cycle as follows:
Such algorithms are easy to implement, but they do not always find the best solution. What is worse, the algorithm may not find a tour even if one exists. 

Nubra

Nubra may refer to:


Alexandrite

Alexandrite is a gemstone. It is a type of chrysoberyl. Different kinds of light make the colors change. That is called the "alexandrite effect". 

A gemstone similar to alexandrite can be made in a laboratory. That kind of stone is called synthetic or simulated alexandrite. These are not made of chrysoberyl. People make these because alexandrite is expensive, and the synthetic alexandrite costs less.

One story says that alexandrite was named in honor of Alexander II of Russia. Alexander was not yet Tsar at the time.

Alexandrite has been found in Russia, Brazil, India, Madagascar and Sri Lanka.

Alexandrite is one of the birthstones for June.

Jandali dialect

Jandali is a Punjabi dialect spoken in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Golden pheasant

The golden pheasant (also known as the Chinese pheasant or rainbow pheasant) ("Chrysolophus pictus") is a gamebird of the order Galliformes (gallinaceous birds) and the family Phasianidae. It is native to forests in mountainous areas of western China, but feral populations have been established in the United Kingdom and elsewhere.

Grey peacock-pheasant

The grey peacock-pheasant ("Polyplectron bicalcaratum"), also known as the Burmese peacock-pheasant, is a large southeast Asian member of the order Galliformes. It is the national bird of Myanmar.

List of national fruits

This is a list of national fruits arranged alphabetically by country. Some national fruits are officially designated, some are unofficial.

Hamiltonian path

A Hamiltonian path is a path in a graph which contains each vertex of the graph exactly once. A Hamiltonian cycle is a Hamiltonian path, which is also a cycle. Knowing whether such a path exists in a graph, as well as finding it is a fundamental problem of graph theory. It is much more difficult than finding an Eulerian path, which contains each edge exactly once. The problem of finding a Hamiltonian path is NP-complete. There are two classes of graphs: directed and undirected graphs. In directed graphs, an edge can only be travelled in one direction, in undirected graphs it can be travelled in both directions. The Travelling Salesman Problem is an instance of this problem. Its task is to find the shortest Hamiltonian cycle, usually in a directed graph, with weight (or distances) attached to the edges. 

Hamiltonian paths and cycles and cycle paths are named after William Rowan Hamilton who invented the Icosian game. This game is also known as "Hamilton's puzzle". It involves finding a Hamiltonian cycle in the edge graph of the dodecahedron. Hamilton solved this problem using the Icosian Calculus, an algebraic structure based on roots of unity with many similarities to the quaternions (also invented by Hamilton). This solution does not generalize to arbitrary graphs. However, despite being named after Hamilton, Hamiltonian cycles in polyhedra had also been studied a year earlier by Thomas Kirkman. 

Tracy Chapman

Tracy Chapman (born March 30, 1964) is an American singer-songwriter. She was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She has won four Grammy Awards.

Her most famous songs are "Fast Car" and "Give Me One Reason." These songs went to the top of music charts in Canada. They also went high on the Billboard charts (United States). She has released 8 albums.

Chapman is a feminist. She has never said what her sexuality is, but she dated Alice Walker in the mid 1990s.

Chapman went to Tufts University. When she was a student there, she played music in public. In 1985, Chapman played music at a Linda Tillery concert. Another student from Tufts heard her playing music at the concert. The student's father was Charles Koppelman, a music producer. Koppelman thought that Chapman made good music. After Chapman graduated from the university, Koppelman helped her join Elektra Records.

She released her first album in 1988. It was named "Tracy Chapman". Many critics liked the album, and it was very popular. She started playing more music at concerts. On June 11, 1988, she performed at a concert for Nelson Mandela's 70th birthday. Stevie Wonder was at the concert, but he did not play any music. This was because he had problems with his music equipment. Wonder was not able to play any music when it was time for him to. Because of this, Chapman played during Wonder's time. She played the song "Fast Car", and it became very popular. Her album sold many copies, and she won three Grammy Awards for it. "Fast Car" went on the "Billboard" Hot 100, an American music chart. Two other songs from the album, "Talkin' 'bout a Revolution" and "Baby Can I Hold You", also went on the chart.

Chapman made a second album. This album was named "Crossroads". It was released in 1989. It did not sell as many copies as her first album did. However, it was certified platinum by the RIAA. After "Crossroads", she made more albums. In 1992, she released "Matters of the Heart". Her fourth album was named "New Beginning". It was released in 1995. It was more successful than her second and third albums. Over 5 million copies of it were sold in the United States. The album had a song named "Give Me One Reason" on it. This song won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song. The song was number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Chapman did not make any music for four years. In 2000, she released her fifth album. It was named "Telling Stories". Her sixth album was released in 2002. It was named "Let it Rain". Both of these albums were certified gold. On November 2015, she released an album named "Greatest Hits". This was a greatest hits album.

In 2018, Chapman sued Nicki Minaj for copyright infringement. Chapman said that Minaj sampled her song "Baby Can I Hold You" without Chapman saying that she could. Chapman also said she told Minaj she could not sample the song many different times. The lawsuit said that Minaj did copyright infringement because she used "Baby Can I Hold You" in her song, "Sorry". She also sold copies of "Sorry". In September 2020, a judge said that Minaj using the sample in the song was fair use. However, the judge also said that the lawsuit should go to court because Minaj sold copies of the song with the sample in it. In January 2021, Minaj paid Chapman $450,000. This ended the lawsuit.



Nathaniel Wallich

Nathaniel Wallich FRS (28 January 1786 – 28 April 1854) was a medical doctor and botanist from Denmark. He worked in India; firstly in the Danish settlement near Calcutta and later for the East India Company. He was involved in the early development of the Calcutta Botanical Garden, describing many new plant species and developing a large collection with copies that he gave to collections in Europe. Several of the plants that he collected were named after him.

Nathaniel Wallich was born in a Jewish family in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1786 as Nathan ben Wulff. His father Wulff ben Wallich (or Wolff Wallich) was a rich merchant from Altona, a town near Hamburg, Germany, and then moved to Copenhagen late in the 18th century. Nathaniel changed his name to Nathan Wallich, later Nathaniel, as an adult.

Wallich got the diploma of the Royal Academy of Surgeons at Copenhagen in 1806. At the end of the year he was appointed as doctor in the Danish colony of Serampore, then known as "Frederiksnagore" in Bengal (now in West Bengal). He sailed for India in April 1807 and arrived at Serampore the following November.

He was an honorary doctor at the University of Copenhagen and member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters.

Because of bad health, Wallich spent the years 1811-1813 in the more temperate climate of Mauritius, where he continued his studies. From August 1814, Wallich became an Assistant Surgeon in the East India Company's service. Wallich was later appointed assistant to William Roxburgh, the East India Company's botanist in Calcutta.

By 1813 he took great interest in the flora and natural vegetation of India. He also went on expeditions to Nepal, West Hindustan, and lower Burma. Wallich travelled to Nepal in 1821, one of the very first Englishmen to go there, and returned with many new plants. During 1837 and 1838, Nathaniel Wallich served as Professor of Botany in Calcutta Medical College.

He also published two important books, "Tentamen Floræ Nepalensis Illustratæ" (vols I-II, 1824–26) and "Plantæ Asiaticæ Rariores" (vols I-III, 1830–32).

Dr. Nathaniel Wallich took charge of the Oriental Museum of the Asiatic Society on 1 June 1814. Wallich joined the East India Company's Botanical Garden in 1817 and served there until 1846 when he retired from the service.

Wallich retired to London in 1847, and stayed there until his death seven years later. He had a son, George Charles Wallich, and a daughter, Hannah Sarah. Part of his collections are held at Kew Gardens, and known as the 'Wallich Herbarium'.



Roman dodecahedron

Roman dodecahedron is the name for dodecahedra which were found in Europe. In total, over hundred such objects were found in all European parts of the Roman Empire. They date from the second or third century CE, and were made of bronze or stone. They are hollow, and each of the twelve pentangular faces has a hole in it. Most of these were found on the territories of modern-day France and Germany, but some were also found in Hungary and Great Britain. They are between and in size.

The function or use of the dodecahedra remains a mystery; no mention of them has been found in texts or pictures of the time. Speculated uses include candlestick holders (wax was found inside one example); dice; survey instruments; devices for determining the optimal sowing date for winter grain; that they were used to calibrate water pipes; and army standard bases. It has also been suggested that they may have been religious artifacts of some kind. This speculation is based on the fact that most of the examples have been found in Gallo-Roman sites.


Gamma function

In mathematics, the gamma function (Γ("z")) is a key topic in the field of special functions. Γ("z") is an extension of the factorial function to all complex numbers except negative integers. For positive integers, it is defined as formula_1

The gamma function is defined for all complex numbers, but it is not defined for negative integers and zero. For a complex number whose real part is a positive integer, the function is defined by:

Some particular values of the gamma function are:

Gauss introduced the Pi function. This is another way of denoting the gamma function. In terms of the gamma function, the Pi function is



Necrotising arachnidism

Farthing (English coin)

The farthing was a coin of the Kingdom of England. It was worth one quarter of a penny, or of a pound sterling. The word 'farthing' is derived from the Anglo-Saxon "feorthing". It means a "fourthling" or "fourth part". The Anglo-Saxon word was probably derived from the Old Norse, "fjorthungr" meaning a "quarter". 

Such coins were first minted in England in silver in the 13th century. They were used until 1707, when the Kingdom of England was taken over by Scottish King, King James that united The British mainland United Kingdom of Great Britain. Early farthings were silver. The farthing was small (only 10 millimeters in diameter) and very light (slightly more than 0.4 gram). Surviving examples are rare. The first copper farthings were issued during the reign of King James I. In the late 17th century the English farthing was also minted in tin. 

In 1953, the British farthing's low value forced its last minting. A Londoner complained of abusive vendors when he tried to offer the coin for purchases. The coin ceased to be legal tender on 1 January 1961.

Emeli Sandé

Adele Emeli Sandé best known as Emeli Sandé (born 10 March 1987) is a British singer and songwriter. She was born in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear to an English mother and Zambian father. She was raised in Alford, Aberdeenshire. She became famous after writing many songs for artists like Rihanna, Leona Lewis and Susan Boyle. 

In 2010 she singed a contract with EMI. She then released two singles, "Read All About It" and "Beneath Your Beautiful", which went on top of the British charts. In 2012 she won the Brits Critics Choice award. Her first album, "Our Version of Events", was very successful, selling more than 100,000 copies in the first week. It was the best-selling album in the UK of 2012. She performed at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.

In 2013 she won two BRIT Awards, one for Best Female Artist and one for Best Album.

On 24 February 2014, she released her second EP, "Who Needs The World? EP".
Her next album will be released in summer 2014.

Sandé married Adam Gouraguine in Montenegro in 2012. They later divorced in 2014.


Stock-Keeping Unit

SKU (often pronounced "skew") is an acronym for Stock-Keeping Unit. This is the barcode found on things sold in stores. It is made in a way that laser scanners in the check-out lane can read the code. The code is then used to find the price.

The bar code is made of vertical bars, some are thick, some are thin. The scanner can see these bars and the pattern of the bars tells them what the numbers are. The patterns are made in a way that the scanner can read it forwards or backwards, so it doesn't matter how the product is held, it can still read the number. The numbers are often also written underneath the bars, so that people can read the SKU. There are two parts to the number. The first part is who made the product, the second part is what the actual product is.

Hermann Levi

Hermann Levi was a 19th-century orchestral conductor. He conducted the premiere of "Parsifal".

Jimmy Perry

James "Jimmy" Perry OBE (9 September 1923 – 23 October 2016) was an English writer, scriptwriter, producer, author and actor who is known for creating the BBC sitcom "Dad's Army".

Perry was born on September 9, 1923 in Barnes, Surrey, England. He studied at Colet Court and at St Paul's School. Perry lived in Algarve, Portugal. 

Perry died in London on 23 October 2016 at the age of 93.

Philips

Philips is a Dutch electronics company. It was founded by Gerard and Frederik Philips in 1891. It employs about 120,000 people in 60 countries.

David Croft

David John Croft, (born David John Andrew Sharland; 7 September 1922 – 27 September 2011) was an English writer, producer, and director. He created the BBC television sitcom "Dad's Army".

Croft was born on 7 September 1922 in Sandbanks, Poole, Dorset, England. He studied at the Rugby School and at Royal Military College, Sandhurst. Croft was married to Ann Callender from 1952 until his death in 2011. They had seven children. Croft died on 27 September 2011 in his home in Tavira, Algarve, Portugal from natural causes, aged 89.


Tertullian

Tertullian (160-225) was an early Christian writer from Carthage.
Though conservative in his worldview, Tertullian originated new theological concepts and advanced the development of early Church doctrine. He is perhaps most famous for being the first writer in Latin known to use the term trinity (Latin: trinitas). According to The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, "Tertullian's trinity [is] not a triune God, but rather a triad or group of three, with God as the founding member".[13] A similar word had been used earlier in Greek,[a] though Tertullian gives the oldest extant use of the terminology as later incorporated into the Nicene Creed at the Second Ecumenical Council, the First Council of Constantinople in 381 AD, or as the Athanasian Creed, or both.[14] Other Latin formulations that first appear in his work are "One God, three persons, one substance" as the Latin "tres personae, una substantia", ('consubstantial', in English), itself from the Koine Greek "treis hypostases, homoousioi").[12] Influenced by Stoic philosophy, the "substance" of Tertullian, however, was a material substance that did not refer to a single God, but to the sharing of the divine substance of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.[13] He wrote his understanding of the three members of the trinity after becoming a Montanist.[12]

Beautiful Creatures (2013 movie)

Beautiful Creatures is a 2013 American romantic-fantasy drama. It is set in South Carolina. The movie stars Emmy Rossum, Viola Davis and Emma Thompson. Thompson plays Mrs. Lincoln and Sarafine. "Beautiful Creatures" was released on February 14, 2013 for the United States. Jeremy Irons also stars. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl.

Round city of Baghdad

the Round city of Baghdad (Al-Mansur city) (also called: the city of peace) was an ancient city in Baghdad, Iraq that was built in 762–767 CE. Today there are only a few remains of the ancient city of Al Mansur.


Deborah Cox

Deborah Cox (July 13, 1974, Toronto) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress who has had eleven charting #1 singles. She has had some hit movies, such as "Love Come Down". She began her music career around the mid 1990s. Her song "Nobody's Supposed to be Here" is her signature song.

National Governors Association

The National Governors Association (NGA) provides both state and national views regarding issues with usage of natural resources and management in the Progressive Era. It was founded in 1908 as the National Governors' Conference, at the Conference of Governors. The NGA represents the governors of the fifty U.S. states and five U.S. territories (American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

The NGA serves as an important public policy liaison between the state governments and the federal government.

Faxing Berlin

"Faxing Berlin" is a progressive house song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5. The song is featured on deadmau5's third studio album "Random Album Title". 

The song received some controversy in 2008 by an artist named DirtyCircuit. DirtyCircuit said that he was threatened with legal action after he used a sample called "LP_Faxing Berlin C_128bpm" that came bundled with the digital audio workstation FL Studio which deadmau5 claimed copyright. The sample was a direct clip of a full bar from the song. A "Demo Track" was provided by deadmau5 which came bundled with FL Studio, along with many loop samples. FL Studio users became were in discomfort because of the case and some of the users had pointed out possible inconsistencies in the EULA of the software.

The song reached #6 on the "Billboard" US Hot Dance Club Songs.

Lingula

Lingula is a genus of brachiopods in the class Lingulata. "Lingula" is known to have existed since the early Ordovician period. "Lingula" is a good example of a living fossil. Like all brachiopods, it is a filter feeder.

Brachiopods are superficially similar to bivalves, both having two shells. Brachiopods are easily distinguished from molluscs because they have (different) dorsal and ventral shells. Bivalves have mirrored right and left shells. "Lingula" and most brachiopods also have a stalk (or peduncle) that extends through a hole near the tip of one of its shells. Bivalves may be attached to a substrate with byssus filaments, that extend from between the shells.

The Lingulata brachiopods have existed from the Cambrian period to the present, a time span of over 500 million years! Modern species of "Lingula" are very similar from their fossil ancestors.

Identity Thief

Identity Thief is a 2013 comedy movie starring Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy. Bateman plays Sandy in this comedy. McCarthy plays Diana, the woman who stole Sandy's identity. Amanda Peet is also part of the cast.

This movie received negative reviews. Yet, it debuted at number one in the United States.

Manfred Porsch

Manfred Maria Porsch (born 14 April 1950 in Vienna) is an Austrian composer and teacher. He composes Austrian contemporary worship music.

Manfred Porsch comes from the Focolare Movement. In 1971 and 1972, he toured with Gen Rosso. In 1983, he won first prize at the "Worldfestival of religious Song", the "Rassegna Mondiale della Canzone Religiosa Populare" in Rome. In 1987, Porsch founded "Musica e Vita Österreich" and started the festival series "Fest der Lieder". He has published about 200 songs.

In 2012, after a long break from writing music, Porsch published new songs with the producer Thomas Raber.



Georg Bydlinski

Georg Bydlinski (born 30 May 1956 in Graz) is an Austrian writer.

Since 1982, Bydlinski has worked as a freelance writer in Mödling. In 1990, Bydliski took part in the Festival of German-Language Literature in Klagenfurt. Bydlinski writes novels, children's books and poems. He edits anthologies. He also translates. Bydlinski is a member of "IG Autorinnen Autoren", Grazer Autorenversammlung, ÖsterreicÖsterreichischer Schriftstellerverband, "Literaturkreises Podium" and "Friedrich-Bödecker-Kreis Hannover".

Since 2013, he has worked with producer Thomas Raber.






Antarctic Peninsula

The Antarctic Peninsula is the largest peninsula in Antarctica. The peninsula is the northernmost part of the mainland of Antarctica. It is 1300 km and reaches from Cape Adams (Weddell Sea) and a point on the mainland south of Eklund Islands. The northern tip is about 1000 km (600 miles) from Tierra del Fuego. There are many research stations as well as multiple claims of sovereignty on the Antarctic Peninsula.

Average temperatures on the peninsula have risen by nearly 2°C in the past 50 years which makes the Antarctic Peninsula one of the fastest warming places on Earth.

Elizabeth Vargas

Elizabeth Vargas (born September 6, 1962 near Paterson, New Jersey) is an American journalist. She first worked at the NBC network. She has worked on ABC programs, including "20/20". Before that, she was an anchor for "Dateline NBC" and "The Today Show".

Brachiopod classification

The classification of brachiopods is being discussed at present. The following is an overview of the different schemes which are proposed.

The "traditional" classification was defined in 1869. Two further approaches were established in the 1990s:

Underlying the discussion are some basic principles:

About 330 living species are recognized, grouped into over 100 genera. The great majority of modern brachiopods are rhynchonelliforms (Articulata, but excluding Craniida).

Déborah François

Déborah François (born 24 May 1987) is an actress from Belgium. She lives in Paris, France.
She is best known for her role as in Belgian film "L’Enfant" ("The Child") , French film "La Tourneuse de pages" ("The Page Turner"), and she won a César Award for her role in a 2008 French film "Le premier jour du reste de ta vie" ("The First Day of the Rest of Your Life").

She was born in Liège, Belgium which is in the French-speaking area. She is the daughter of a policeman and a social worker. She was awarded the Romy-Schneider Prize and Prix Suzanne Bianchetti.


St. Ouen F.C.

St. Ouen Football Club is a association football club in Saint Ouen, Jersey, Channel Islands. The club was founded in 1919. In 1972, they played a game against Scottish Old Firm team, Celtic.

Fertilisation of Orchids

Fertilisation of Orchids is a book by Charles Darwin.

The book was published on 15 May 1862 under the full title "On the various contrivances by which British and foreign orchids are fertilised by insects, and on the good effects of intercrossing".

Darwin's previous book, "On the Origin of Species", had briefly mentioned evolutionary interactions between insects and the plants they fertilised. This new idea was explored in detail for orchids. The field studies and practical scientific investigations were initially a recreation for Darwin, a relief from the drudgery of writing. The work developed into enjoyable and challenging experiments, and he was helped by his family, friends, and a wide circle of correspondents.

The book was his first detailed demonstration of natural selection. It explained how complex ecological relationships resulted in the co-evolution of orchids and insects. The view has been expressed that the book led directly or indirectly to all modern work on coevolution and the evolution of extreme specialisation. It influenced botanists, and revived interest in the long neglected idea that insects played a part in pollinating flowers. It supported his view that natural selection led to a variety of forms through the important benefits achieved by cross-fertilisation. Although the general public showed less interest and sales of the book were low, it established Darwin as a leading botanist. "Orchids" was the first in a series of books on his investigations into plants.

The book describes how the relationship between insects and plants resulted in the beautiful and complex forms which had fascinated many naturalists. By showing how adaptations develop step by step, Darwin countered the view that beautiful organisms were the handiwork of a Creator. Darwin's painstaking observations, experiments, and detailed dissection of the flowers explained previously unknown features. such as the puzzle of "Catasetum", three completely different kinds of flowers. Darwin discusses how the Sack-Shaped Catasetum ("Catasetum saccatum"), a tropical South American species, launches its sticky pollen sacs with explosive force when an insect touches a hair (seta). His friend Thomas Huxley said "Do you really think I can believe all that?"

In the book Darwin made some famous predictions, including his proposal that the long nectary of "Angraecum sesquipedale" meant there must be a moth with an equally long proboscis. This was confirmed in 1903 when "Xanthopan morgani praedicta" was found in Madagascar.

Cocker Spaniel

Cocker Spaniel is the name for two dog breeds of the Spaniel type: The English Cocker Spaniel and the American Cocker Spaniel. Originally, these dogs were bred in England for hunting Eurasian Woodcock. Cocker spaniels are popular family pets. The English version is usually brown and ginger in color. Their fur is very soft and their noses are big. They have very big floppy ears. There are two version of cocker spaniels, show dogs and hunters. They are the smallest of the sporting dogs. They are bred from an earlier 19th century dog called field spaniels. The smallest dogs in litters were called "cockers". This was because They were small enough to go under hedgerows where larger dogs could not go. They could also move through brambles and bushes to flush woodcocks into the open. The smaller dogs became the American cockers while the larger dogs became the English variety.

<br>

Christopher Dorner shootings and manhunt

The 2013 Southern California shootings were an incident that happened in Southern California. The victims were law enforcement officers and related families.

The incident began on February 3, 2013, around which point 28-year-old Monica Quan and her fiancé Keith Lawrence, in Irvine, were found dead. They were shot in Lawrence's car. The suspected perpetrator of the crime, Christopher Dorner, put out a manifesto one day after the crime. Dorner is a former officer of the Los Angeles Police Department. On February 7, the driver of a pickup truck fired a rifle onto two officers, grazing the head of one and killing another. The one that was killed was Michael Crain, who died shortly after the shooting. Dorner was later found by police on February 12 and hid in a wooden cabin. The cabin later caught on fire. Human remains was found with a wallet reading "Christopher Dorner".

Christopher Dorner had many different identities in his lifetime. He was regarded as been an upstanding citizen, an athlete, a law enforcement officer and a decorated military veteran. Some people who knew him indicated that he was very intelligent and sensitive. In a photo released by the police, he was standing up straight with the police uniform, smiling warmly, and the background for this photo is the American flag. In 2008, he was dismissed from the LAPD (Los Angeles Police Department) on a charge of making false statements. His colleagues said this was the turning point for his life. He typed 6000 words and posted it on the Internet. He released his anger and bitterness because of a decision that was made five years ago. He believed and firmly believe the racism, twenty years after the beating of black suspect Rodney King by white officers unleashed waves of rioting in Los Angeles.

Dorner started his killing with a plan. First he had a package with some complaints, and sent it to Anderson Cooper, who is a television personality, and arrive at CNN on February 1, 2013. Then Dorner tailed after a couple and killed them into their car on February 3, 2013. In this murder case, the dead include the daughter for the LAPD (Los Angeles Police Department) captain who became his defence lawyer in the LAPD review board hearings of his allegations against his training officer. In the end, he posted many statements which had next target's name and threaten them lives. It cause the police to mount a widespread manhunt for Dorner, the area was from California to include Nevada and Mexico. The police said the need protected more than 40 potential targets of Dorner's. Thousands of police were patrol in Southern California's highways.

On February 1, Anderson Cooper of CNN got a package. It contained a DVD and a challenge coin carve a notes "1MOA". It meaned that the coin was shot at 100 meters.

On February 3, 28-year-old Monica Quan, and her fiancé, 27-year-old Keith Lawrence, were killed into a white car. Quan, an assistant women's basketball coach at Cal State Fullerton, was the daughter of Randal Quan. The crime scene was outside their condominium, in the city of Irvine.

On February 5, This information was for military sources that Dorner checked into Naval Base Point Loma in San Diego. However, he didn't checkout when he left.

On February 7, Two LAPD officers found Dorner at a gas station in Corona, they got a drastic shooting, and one officer, Michael Crain, died after the shooting.

On February 10, The government offered a $1 million reward for information about Dorner. Some people said he was hidden somewhere in the San Bernardino Mountains. In February 13, It was reported that they found Dorner's body in the mountain cabin.


Super Game Boy

The Super Game Boy is a special video game cartridge released for the Super NES in 1994. It allows players to play Game Boy and some Game Boy Color games on a television screen. When played on the Super Game Boy, games are colored. There are 32 colors available. Players can switch colors with the L and R buttons. Some games, such as "Donkey Kong", have features exclusive to the Super Game Boy. New features include better sound effects and multi-player. Some games also have a custom border when played on the Super Game Boy. In 1998, a new model, the Super Game Boy 2, was released in Japan. It has more borders and link cable support.

The Lost Wand

"The Lost Wand" is a fairy tale written by Jean Ingelow and published by The Wonder Box Tales in 1902 The story revolves around Hulda, a lucky young girl in Norway who receives the opportunity to be granted a wish after finding a ring in her slice of cake.

All the children were in awe of the beautiful cake Hulda's grandmother made, and they were all knew about the magic it held. There is a fairy disguised as a flower on the top of the cake, and a ring hidden within it. The children can make a wish for whatever they pleased if they were lucky enough to find the ring. After finding the magical ring in her slice, Hulda can make a wish. A fairy appears from the flower on top of the cake, and tells Hulda she will give her anything she wishes for. Not knowing what her wish would bring, she asks for the fairy's wand. After handing Hulda her beautiful gold wand, the fairy is loses her powers and will be held at the will of her enemy if she doesn’t get the wand back. It could not be returned immediately, it had to be on a midsummers day. Until then, the fairy asked that Hulda keep it safe for her while she was gone. Days passed and the fairy had never returned. Hulda thought the fairy had died. A dishonest guest paid a visit to Hulda and got her to trade the wand for a piece of his beautiful jewellery. After trading the wand for a bracelet with a bird clasp, Hulda realizes her visitor was actually a gnome. The gnome was the enemy the fairy had been worried about; with the wand he would make the fairy his slave. Hulda was aware she made a mistake, and did not rest until she retrieved the gold wand and returned it to the fairy. Not only did she give the fairy her powers back, but also in turn she saved her own life.

A Lost Wand was written in the mid 1800s. Most of her work was published in 1865. A lot of Ingelow’s literature was influenced by the writings of Lewis Carroll and George Macdonald. Her stories were written for children, not so much to teach a lesson; but for entertainment, which was a relatively new idea then.

Hulda begins the story as a young girl at a party one winter’s night in Norway at her home. Her parents bring out a grand cake with a small ring baked into it. The person who gets the ring receives one wish from a fairy. Hulda receives this wish, she wishes for the wand the fairy has. But is then upset when she found out because of her wish the fairy loses her powers. Hulda spends the rest of her childhood guarding the wand until a poor peddler comes along and wants to trade it for one of his beautiful bracelets. Because Hulda had not seen the fairy in a long time she thought that she had died, and trades the wand to the peddler. She finds out that the peddler was actually a gnome who only wanted to get the wand in the first place. She spends the rest of her childhood looking for the peddler to try and get back her mother's ring which he also stole that day she met him.

The fairy appears first at the beginning of the story to grant the children one wish. When Hulda wishes for the wand, she loses her magical powers and can no longer grant wishes. She becomes dim and soon disappears. Before she goes away for good she asks that the child keep good care of the wand. One day she may be able tor return for it. When the fairy comes back in the middle of the story she finds out that the wand has been traded to the evil gnome who tricked Hulda into trading it to him. Hulda thought the fairy was dead. The fairy tells Hulda she was in Africa far away from Europe because the gnomes can only come up in Europe. She was staying away so that she was not kept as a slave of the gnome. Once Hulda returns the wand to the fairy at the end of the story she is not seen or heard of again.

The Gnome who plays the poor peddler comes searching for the wand that he knew was lost somewhere in the area she lived. He disguises himself as a poor man trying to sell off his jewelry. When he finds that Hulda’s parents are away, he tells lies. Hulda gives away the Fairy's wand. The peddler tells her that because the sheen of the jewels is gone, it means the owner has died. He is delighted when he trades her the wand for a bracelet, so he leaves to go back underground. Years later he resurfaces and finds out about Hulda’s bad health. he goes back away until he knows she has passed. When the peddler goes to the garden area to try and sell some more jewellery, he meets Hulda. He runs back to go underground. He is stopped by Hulda, demanding her mother's ring back. He soon becomes confronted with not only Hulda but the Lizard. He seems frightened by the lizard and before she can force him to give the wand and the ring back, Hulda has them. He then disappears underground with the Lizard, never heard from again.

Norway is full of incredible foods, of all different kinds. However, the most significant item displayed on the table is Hulda’s grandmother’s cake. It catches not only the eye if Hulda, but all the others who are present. The fairy taking the form of a flower on top of the cake is what makes it so magnificent. The lucky child who finds the ring in their slice, gets to make a wish. All wishes do not bring happiness. They can bring the opposite. Although the cake is beautiful, the wish that Hulda is granted is not what she thought it would be; beauty is not always what it seems.

The bracelet would not have been Hulda’s first choice as a trade for her little gold wand; in fact she liked most of the items a lot more. But just like the cake, not everything is what it seems to be. The bird clasp on the lovely bracelet turned out to be a loyal companion that led her way to find the peddler and save the fairy. This shows that those who deserve it receive the loyalty they need and kindness does not go unrewarded. The peddler and his greedy ways however, do not go unpunished. In the end, Hulda’s genuine intentions are turned into good deeds while the peddler is locked away underground away from the sunlight for eternity. The most beautiful objects aren’t always the best choice.

A lizard; an animal often-found in hot, dry climates. This is why it is not unusual that the master of the gnomes, who happen to like hot weather, is a lizard. Most reptiles are perceived as slimy, nasty creatures. In this case, the Lizard is fair and considerate of all situations. She rewards those who deserve it and prosecutes those who do not. Just like everything else, not all is what it seems.
Although it's small the power it contains is life saving. Without it, the fairy cannot live her normal life. Her normal life is helping mortals, without that she does not want to live. Once it became dim and the jewels, which decorated it, were no longer beautiful, it still has power hiding behind it. To anyone else, it would be insignificant. To the fairy, it meant the world. It either meant her life would be back to normal, or turned into a life of misery and despair. Even the tiniest objects can have the biggest impact.

Jizya

Jizya or jizyah was a tax imposed upon dhimmi, non-Muslim residents in Muslim countries, as in the Ottoman Empire. Jews and Christians were required to pay the "jizya" while others, depending on the different rulings of the four Madhhabs, might be required to accept Islam, pay the jizya, be exiled, or be killed.

John B. Anderson

John Bayard Anderson (February 15, 1922 – December 3, 2017) was an American-Republican politician from Illinois. He was a politician from the 1960s until the later 2000s. He ran for president in 1980, but lost to Ronald Reagan as the main Republican candidate. He then ran as an independent candidate, and lost again to Reagan in November, 1980.

Anderson was born on February 15, 1922 in Rockford, Illinois to a Swedish-American family. He studied at the University of Illinois, at the University of Illinois College of Law, and at the Harvard Law School. Anderson was married to Keke Machakos from 1953 until his death 2017.

Anderson died on December 3, 2017, in Washington, D.C., aged 95.

Greater spotted eagle

The greater spotted eagle ("Aquila clanga"), occasionally just called the spotted eagle, is a large bird of prey. Like all typical eagles, it belongs to the family Accipitridae. In summer it lives in eastern Eurasia, and winters further south.

A medium-sized eagle, the greater spotted eagle only has white spots as a juvenile, when they extend in bands across the upperwing. By adulthood, the spots have faded leaving dark brown feathers across the head, body and wings, with slightly paler flight feathers on the upper side. In gliding flight, the greater spotted eagle holds the feathers at the tips of the wings downward. 

James R. Thompson

James Robert Thompson, Jr. (May 8, 1936 – August 14, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was the 37th Governor of Illinois from 1977 through 1991. He was part of the 9/11 Commission. A structure in Chicago is named after him, the James R. Thompson Center.

Thompson was born on May 8, 1936 in Chicago, Illinois to a Swedish-American family. He studied at the University of Illinois at Chicago, at Washington University in St. Louis, and at Northwestern University. He was married to Jayne Ann Carr Thompson. They had one child.

Thompson died of cardiac arrest at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago on August 14, 2020 at the age of 84.


Daniel Walker

Daniel "Dan" Walker (August 6, 1922 – April 29, 2015) was an American Democratic lawyer, businessman, and politician from Illinois. He was the 36th Governor of Illinois from January 1973 to January 1977. He was one of the four governors of Illinois to serve in jail. He went to jail because of bank fraud in 1988.

Walker was born on August 6, 1922 in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in San Diego, California. Walker studied at the United States Naval Academy and at Northwestern University. Walker died of heart failure in Chula Vista, California, aged 92.


Otto Kerner Jr.

Otto Kerner, Jr. (August 15, 1908 – May 9, 1976) was an American politician. He was a Democrat. He was the Governor of Illinois from January 1961 to May 1968. He is best known for chairman of the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders and for accepting bribes. He would later be charged with 17 felony charges and would serve time in jail. He was one of the four Governors of Illinois to be in jail. He would soon nominate Lyndon B. Johnson to be President.

Kerner was born on August 15, 1908 in Chicago, Illinois. His father was politician Otto Kerner, Sr.. Kerner studied at the Trinity College and at Brown University. He was married to Helena Cermak, the daughter of ex-Chicago mayor Anton Cermak who was assassinated. After leaving office, Kerner had suffered cancer and would later die from the disease on May 9, 1976 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 67. He was buried at the Arlington National Cemetery.


Jim Edgar

James "Jim" Edgar (born July 22, 1946) is an American Republican politician. He was Governor of Illinois from January 1991 through January 1999. He was the Illinois Secretary of State from January 1981 through January 1991.

Edgar was a very popular governor. Even though Illinois is a Democratic state, he won in landslides as a Republican. He retired with high approval ratings.

Edgar was born on July 22, 1946 in Vinita, Oklahoma. He was raised in Charleston, Illinois. Edgar studied at Wabash College and at Eastern Illinois University. He is married to Brenda Smith.


Internet Marketing Conference

The Internet Marketing Conference, often named (IMC), is an international conference about some aspects of e-business. It was first hosted in Copenhagen in 2000. It has since then been hosted in Edinburgh, Stockholm, Las Vegas, Berlin, Vancouver, Montreal, Gothenburg and New York. The conference was started by Lennart Svanberg.

Many guests have been helping with hosting this event, including Danny Sullivan (Search Engine Watch), Jeffrey Eisenberg (Future Now, Inc.), Jim Wilson (Jim World), Lucas Morea (LatinEdge), Mitch Joel (Twist Image), Scott Ferber (Advertising.com), Stephen Turner (ClickTracks), Matthew Colebourne (coComment), Brian Clifton (Google).

Topics discussed include: 


J. Edgar Hoover

John Edgar Hoover (January 1, 1895 – May 2, 1972) was an American government official. He was the first Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of the United States. He was chosen as director of the Bureau of Investigation because he helped start it. He was the director until his death in 1972 at age 77.

According to President Harry S Truman, Hoover transformed the FBI into his private secret police force. Truman stated that "we want no Gestapo or secret police. FBI is tending in that direction. They are dabbling in sex-life scandals and plain blackmail. J. Edgar Hoover would give his right eye to take over, and all congressmen and senators are afraid of him".

Hoover had the largest collection of pornography in history. Some adult movies included photos of Joan Crawford, Frank Sinatra, Warren Beatty, and Tony Curtis.

Hoover was born on January 1, 1895 in Washington, D.C. He studied at George Washington University. Many say Hoover was homosexual but he never admitted it.

It is unknown if Hoover and his second-in-command Clyde Tolson were ever in a relationship. Hoover died on May 2, 1972 in Washington, D.C. from heart failure, aged 77.

J. Edgar Hoover was born on New Year's Day in Washington, DC. His parents were Dickerson Naylor Hoover (1856-1921) and Anna "Annie" () Hoover. Dickerson Hoover's family was English and German. Annie Hoover's family was Swiss. J. Edgar Hoover was the youngest of four children. He never had a birth certificate until he was 43, even though Washington, D.C. required them. His childhood home was near Seward Square. The house no longer exists because a United Methodist church was built there. However, there is a stained glass window in the church that honors him.


Monica Geller

Monica Geller is a fictional character on American sitcom "Friends", portrayed by Courteney Cox for 10 seasons. (1994-2004) She worked in a very fancy restaurant. She likes everything in her apartment to be clean. She is known to be a "clean freak". She is married to Chandler Bing. Her brother is Ross Geller. She has two adopted children. They are named Erica and Jack Bing. She has a complicated relationship with her parents. Monica often acts like the mother hen of the group which can be annoying. 

Chandler Bing

Chandler Bing is a fictional character on American sitcom "Friends", portrayed by Matthew Perry. He works in an advertising company. He says that he uses humor as a way to defend himself. He is married to Monica Geller. Her brother is Ross Geller, his college roommate. He has two adopted children. 

Ross Geller

Ross Geller is a fictional character on the American sitcom "Friends", portrayed by David Schwimmer. He works in a museum. He usually wants everyone to be right in facts or grammar. He was divorced three times. He has a son Ben and a daughter Emma. His sister is Monica Geller. In the series finale he ends up having a relationship with Rachel Green.

Rachel Green

Rachel Green is a fictional character on the American sitcom "Friends". She is portrayed by Jennifer Aniston. Green worked as a waitress at Central Perk. Then she worked in Bloomingdales as an assistant. Then she was a manager of a Ralph Lauren company. She was divorced two times, one she left her fiancé at the altar. She has a daughter Emma. In the series finale she ends up having a relationship with Ross Geller.

Phoebe Buffay

Phoebe Buffay is a fictional character on the American sitcom "Friends". She is portrayed by Lisa Kudrow. Buffay sang terrible songs at Central Perk. Then she worked as a massage therapist. Her dad left her, her twin sister (Ursula), and her stepmother who would later commit suicide. She would later marry Mike Hanagan.

Henry Horner

Henry Horner (November 30, 1878 – October 6, 1940) was an American-Democrat politician. He was the 28th Governor of Illinois, serving from January 9, 1933 through October 6, 1940, when he died in office. Horner was the first Jewish governor of Illinois. A park is named after, Horner Park.

Horner was born on November 30, 1878 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Chicago. He later came back to Chicago five months later. He died in Winnetka, Illinois on October 6, 1940, aged 61.


Tina Louise

Tina Louise (b. Tina Black, February 11, 1934) is an American sitcom and movie actress. She is best known for playing Ginger Grant on the television series "Gilligan's Island". She also played a doomed housewife in the 1975 movie "The Stepford Wives", which was well received. She was born in New York City.

GLONASS

GLONASS ("") is a radio-based satellite navigation system. It is operated by the Russian Defence Forces. It provides an alternative to the United States' Global Positioning System (GPS). These are the only two navigational systems with global coverage. Some receivers can use both systems, giving more accurate locations, more quickly.


Quinquagesima

Quinquagesima is the Sunday before Ash Wednesday. In Catholicism it is now within Ordinary Time, but the word is still used in the Book of Common Prayer in Anglicanism.

Aubrey O'Day

Aubrey O'Day (born February 11, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter and reality television actress and participant. She was in the music group Danity Kane, from which she was fired in 2008. 

O'Day was born in San Francisco.

People's Sunday

People's Sunday is a tradition in Malta on the first Sunday of Lent. Many people went on pilgrimage to Zabbar to a chapel devoted to Our Lady of Graces.

Notting Hill

Notting Hill is an area of central London west of Westminster. It is known for its carnival each August, and for a movie set in the Portobello Road market starring Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant. The London Underground station Notting Hill Gate is on the Central line between Holland Park and Queensway.


Stefanie Powers

Stefanie Powers (born November 2, 1942) is an American actress and singer. She stars mainly in television programs. She played as Jennifer Hart in the 1980s series "Hart to Hart".

Powers was born near Los Angeles.

Luna Park, Tel Aviv

Luna Park, Tel Aviv is an amusement park complex in Tel Aviv Fairgrounds. It is managed by the "Israeli Entertainment Company" which also manages the Superland amusement park in Rishon Lezion. 


Superland

Superland is an amusement park in Rishon LeZion, Israel. It was opened in 1991. In 1992 it opened as a park with a lake next to it. In the 2000s, a stadium was built in the park. In 2012, a movie theater was opened in the park. 


The Great Giana Sisters

The Great Giana Sisters is a 1987 platform game known for resembling Nintendo's "Super Mario Brothers". The game was developed by Time Warp Productions and published by Rainbow Arts. Due to the game's similarity to Nintendo's "Super Mario Brothers", Nintendo threatened the game's makers with a legal action, and the game was removed from stores.

Players control one of two protagonists Giana or Maria. Players defeat enemies and collect gems and powerups in order to increase their score. The player's objective is to advance through each level.

Prionosuchus

Prionosuchus is a genus of extremely large temnospondyl amphibians from the Middle Permian (270 million years ago). Its remains were found in Brazil.

The fragmentary remains of this animal were found in the Parnaiba Basin of northeast Brazil. With an estimated length of 9 m (30 ft), "Prionosuchus" is the largest amphibian ever found.

It had an elongated and tapered snout, numerous sharp teeth, long body, short legs, and a tail adapted for swimming. 

Cox and Hutchinson re-evaluated "Prionosuchus" in 1991 and thought it was synonymous with the genus "Platyoposaurus" from Russia. However, "Platyoposaurus" had a total length of only 2.5 meters (8.2 ft), which suggested that the two animals were at least different species. The age of the sediments suggested the two were not comtemporaries. Most paleontologists consider "Prionosuchus" as a valid genus.

"Prionosuchus" lived in a humid and tropical environment as indicated by the petrified forest of the Pedra do Fogo formation in which the fossil was found. The strata of siltstones, shales and limestones were deposited in lagoonal and fluvial environments. Other animals discovered in the same rocks include fish (primitive sharks, palaeoniscids, and lungfish) and amphibians.

Its general appearance was similar to a modern crocodile, such as the gharial. It probably had a similar lifestyle as an ambush aquatic predator feeding on fish and other aquatic animals.

It was one of a group known as the Archegosaurs. The archegosaurs were a group of temnospondyls that occupied the ecological niche of crocodiles and alligators during the Permian. The smaller European genus "Archegosaurus" is typical. The group went extinct at the end of the Permian. In the Triassic, the niche was filled by other temnospondyls and by reptiles such as the phytosaurs.

Fleur de lys

The fleur de lys or fleur de lis (plural: fleurs de lys or fleurs de lis) is a stylized depiction of the lily or the iris. It is decorative and has been used for centuries on flags and on coats of arms.

Frans Hals

Frans Hals the Elder (c. 1582 – 26 August 1666) was a Dutch painter. He is known for his loose brushwork. He helped introduce this lively style of painting into Dutch art. Hals was also instrumental in the evolution of 17th century group portrait painting.

The Cube

The Cube is a British game show that airs on ITV. It is presented by Phillip Schofield. It began on 22 August 2009 and ended on 8 August 2015. The show ran for 9 series.

Contestants play a seven games to win £250,000. Games take place inside of a cube. The contestant is given nine lives. Each time a contestant fails, he lose a life, and must play the game again. If a contestant loses all of their lives, they go home with nothing. Contestants may stop with the money they have so far before any game. Before each game, contestants are shown how to play it by a character named "The Body." A contestant has two helps available. The first one is Simplify. This allows a contestant to make a game easier. The other one is Trial Run. This allows contestants to play the game without the risk of losing their lives.

There are seven games per contestant. The last game is a harder version of the game the contestant had the most trouble with. If a contestant wins all seven games, they win £250,000.


Pearl Bailey

Pearl Mae Bailey (March 29, 1918 – August 17, 1990) was an American actress, entertainer, and singer. She was known for her roles in "St. Louis Women", "Hello, Dolly!", and in "". She won a Grammy Award in 1959, an Emmy Award in 1968, a Screen Actors Guild Award in 1976, and a Tony Award in 1986.

Bailey was born on March 29, 1918 in Southampton County, Virginia. She was married to John Randolph Pinkett from 1948 until they divorced in 1952. Then she was married to Louie Bellson from 1952 until her death in 1990. They had two children, one adopted. Bailey died on August 17, 1990 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was aged 72.


Robert Hegyes

Robert Hegyes (May 7, 1951 – January 26, 2012) was an American actor who was known for his role as Juan Epstein in the 1970s comedy sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter".

Hegyes was born on May 7, 1951 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey to a Hungarian-Italian family. He was raised in Metuchen, New Jersey. Hegyes studied at Metuchen High School and at Glassboro State College. He was never married. Hegyes died on January 26, 2012 from a heart attack in Edison, New Jersey, aged 60.

Kings City

Kings City was an amusement park in Eilat, Israel. It is located in the hotels area of the city. The amusement park is dedicated to the Bible and was open in 2005 at a cost of US$40,000,000, and closed in 2015.


Xenophon

Xenophon (c. 430 – 354 BC), also known as Xenophon of Athens, was a Greek historian, soldier, mercenary, philosopher and a contemporary and admirer of Socrates. He is known for his writings on the history of his own times, the 4th century BC. He preserved the sayings of Socrates, and descriptions of life in ancient Greece and the Persian Empire. 

His most famous book was the "Anabasis", about the escape of Greek mercenaries after they fought for Cyrus the Younger. Cyrus wanted to be king of Persia but he died during the battle against his brother Antaxerxes, leaving only Xenophon to lead the Greeks our of danger. 

Praxiteles

Praxiteles was the most famous of the sculptors of the 4th century BC. He was the first to sculpt the nude female form in a life-size statue. While no sculpture by Praxiteles is extant, numerous copies of his works have survived. Several authors, including Pliny the Elder, wrote of his works. Coins engraved with silhouettes of his various famous statuary types from the period still exist. His works include "Hermes and the Infant Dionysus". 

Jack Thayer

John Borland "Jack" Thayer III (December 24, 1894 – September 20, 1945) was an American writer and historian. He was a first-class passenger on the RMS "Titanic". He helped many people to solve how the "Titanic" sank. He later wrote books about the sinking.

Thayer was born on December 24, 1894 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was married to Lois Cassatt until his death in 1945. Thayer committed suicide on September 20, 1945. He was depressed about his son's death during World War II. He was found in a car in Philadelphia with cuts on his wrist and throat, aged 50.


J. Bruce Ismay

Joseph Bruce Ismay (December 12, 1862 – October 17, 1937) was an English businessman. He was chairman and managing director of the White Star Line. He was known as the man who created the RMS "Titanic". He was one of the survivors, but because he survived many people thought he was afraid of dying and would later destroy his reputation.

Ismay was born on December 12, 1862 in Crosby, Lancashire, England. He was married to Julia Florence Schieffelin from 1888 until his death in 1937. They had five children. Ismay died on October 17, 1937 in Mayfair, London, England from a stroke, aged 74.


Cinereous vulture

The cinereous vulture ("Aegypius monachus") is also known as the 'black vulture', 'monk vulture', or 'Eurasian black vulture'. It is a member of the family Accipitridae. It is one of the two largest old world vultures.

This bird is an Old World vulture, and is only distantly related to the New World vultures, which are in a separate family, Cathartidae, of the same order. It is therefore not directly related to the much smaller American black vulture despite the similar name and coloration. 

Sarah Lancaster

Sarah Lancaster (February 12, 1980) is an American actress who stars primarily in sitcoms. She starred as Rachel Meyers in the sitcom "Saved by the Bell: The New Class" and Marjorie in "What about Brian". She was born in Overland Park, Kansas.

Search Engine Watch

Search Engine Watch (SEW) is a website with news and information about search engines and search engine marketing.

Search Engine Watch website was started by Danny Sullivan in 1996. In 1997, Sullivan sold it to MecklerMedia (now Jupitermedia). In 2005 the website and Search Engine Strategies were sold to Incisive Media for $43 million. On November 30, 2006 Danny Sullivan left Search Engine Watch. Rebecca Lieb became editor-in-chief next month.

Google's Matt Cutts has named Search Engine Watch "a must read." Yahoo's Tim Mayer has said that Search Engine Watch is the "most authoritative source on search." 


Kanon

Kanon () is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key. It was released on 4 June 1999. It is playable on Windows PCs. Key later released versions of "Kanon" without the erotic content, and the game was ported to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. After the game's release, Kanon made several transitions into other media. Two Manga series were serialized in Dengeki Daioh and Dragon Age Pure. Comic anthologies, light novels and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several music albums. Toei Animation produced a 13-episode anime television series in 2002 and an original video animation (OVA) episode in 2003. Kyoto Animation produced a 24-episode anime series in 2006.

The story follows the life of Yuichi Aizawa, a high school student who returns to a city he last visited seven years ago, and he has little recollection (memories) of the events from back then. He meets several girls and slowly regains his lost memories.

He is the main character of the story. He is friendly and outgoing. In the beginning of the story he moves to a new city and lives with his cousin, Nayuki Minase. He visited the town many years ago, but has since lost most of his memories of the place.

Ayu is the main female character of the story. She is lively and energetic, and wears a backpack with wings on it. Her catchphrase is "uguu", which she uses to express emotions such as frustration, anger, or fear, Yuichi enjoys teasing her about it. She refers to herself as "boku", a Japanese masculine word for "I". Her favorite food is taiyaki. Although she looks very young, she is actually the same age as Yuichi (17 years old).

Nayuki is Yuichi's cousin. Yuichi moves in with her at the start of the story.

Mai is a third-year student at the same high school Yuichi goes to. He met her standing alone in the school building at night, with a sword in her hand. At nighttime when no one is in the school, she comes in to fight and defeat demons. People are always blaming her for accidents that happen at the school, though she never denies them.


Division of North Sydney

The Division of North Sydney is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. The division is named after the North Sydney area. It was set up in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901. 

The electoral division includes the suburbs of Artarmon, Cammeray, Cremorne, Cremorne Point, Crows Nest, Gore Hill, Greenwich, Henley, Hunters Hill, Huntleys Point, Kirribilli, Lane Cove, Lane Cove North, Lane Cove West, Lavender Bay, Linley Point, Longueville, McMahons Point, Milsons Point, Naremburn, Neutral Bay, North Sydney,Northbridge, Northwood, Riverview, St Leonards, Tarban, Waverton, Wollstonecraft, Woolwich and parts of Castlecrag, Gladesville and Willoughby. 

North Sydney is one of only two original divisions in New South Wales, which have never been held by the ALP. It has been held by a member of a non-Labor party for all but six years, when independent Ted Mack held it. It was held after the December 1922 election by Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Hughes was replaced as Nationalist party leader, and therefore Prime Minister by Stanley Bruce in February 1923. Joe Hockey was Treasurer in the Abbott Government, but lost his position when Malcolm Turnbull became Prime Minister. Hockey resigned from Parliament which caused a by-election, and was then appointed as the Ambassador to the US.

The electoral division includes the suburbs of Artarmon, Cammeray, Cremorne, Cremorne Point, Crows Nest, Gore Hill, Greenwich, Henley, Hunters Hill, Huntleys Point, Kirribilli, Lane Cove, Lane Cove North, Lane Cove West, Lavender Bay, Linley Point, Longueville, McMahons Point, Milsons Point, Naremburn, Neutral Bay, North Sydney,Northbridge, Northwood, Riverview, St Leonards, Tarban, Waverton, Wollstonecraft, Woolwich and parts of Castlecrag, Gladesville and Willoughby. 

North Sydney is one of only two original divisions in New South Wales, which have never been held by the ALP. It has been held by a member of a non-Labor party for all but six years, when independent Ted Mack held it. It was held after the December 1922 election by Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Hughes was replaced as Nationalist party leader, and therefore Prime Minister by Stanley Bruce in February 1923. Joe Hockey was Treasurer in the Abbott Government, but lost his position when Malcolm Turnbull became Prime Minister. Hockey resigned from Parliament which caused a by-election, and was then appointed as the Ambassador to the US.


Exit to Eden

Exit to Eden is a 1994 comedy-thriller movie. Rosie O'Donnell, Dana Delany and Dan Aykroyd are in the cast. This movie is about undercover police, sex and vacationing on an island. "Exit to Eden" got attention because of sexual content and well-known actors in the cast.

A young and attractive photographer named Elliot Slater is in southern California. He has been uncomfortable with his sexual matters, which are in the BDSM realm.

But before he begins his journey of sexual discovery, what Slater doesn't know is that he has photographed an international jewel thief named Omar. No other photos exist on Omar. The jewel thief has a criminal partner named Nina. Omar and Nina are wanting to recover the photographic film so Omar can stay anonymous.

Omar and Nina follow Elliot to an island resort called "Eden" and pose as vacationers. The island resort is operated by a mistress named Lisa Emerson. Following a tip that Omar is on the island, two undercover police officers, Fred Lavery and Sheila Kingston, also arrive. Fred is disguised as a handyman; Sheila as a vacationer.

Fred and Sheila send Omar and Nina into jail. Elliot later asks Lisa to marry him; Lisa says yes.


"Exit to Eden" received attention during its release because of the BDSM themes and full-frontal female nudity. It also got attention for its cast members, the director and the writer of the novel on which the movie was based.

It didn't receive good reviews from critics. The critics were disappointed and confused about the combination of the original story and comedy elements. Rotten Tomatoes rated this movie at 6%, meaning "rotten" reviews. Roger Ebert gave the movie only half a star.

The movie was released on October 14, 1994.

Rosie O'Donnell won a Razzie Award for the Worst Supporting Actress. Dan Aykroyd was nominated for the Worst Supporting Actor. Both were nominated as the Worst Screen Couple.

Australian War Memorial

The Australian War Memorial is Australia's national memorial. It recognises all members of the armed forces and organisations who have died or taken part in the wars of the Commonwealth of Australia. The memorial includes a large military museum. Opened in 1941, it is one of the most significant memorials of its type in the world.

The Memorial is in Australia's capital, Canberra. It is the north end of the city's ceremonial land axis. This is a line from Parliament House on Capital Hill to Mount Ainslie. No roads directly link the two points, but there is a clear line of sight between Parliament House and the War Memorial.

The Australian War Memorial has three parts. The first is the Commemorative Area (shrine) including the Hall of Memory with the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier. The second is the museum. The third part is the Research Centre. The Memorial also has an outdoor Sculpture Garden. The Memorial is open daily from 10am until 5pm, except on Christmas Day.

Anzac Parade, while a part of the Memorial design, is maintained by the National Capital Authority (NCA).

Charles Bean, Australia's official World War I historian, first thought of a museum memorial to Australian soldiers while observing the 1916 battles in France. The Australian War Records Section began in May 1917 to keep the records relating to the war being fought at the time. Records and items were first shown in Melbourne and later Canberra.

A design competition in 1927 did not produce a winning entry. Two entrants, Sydney architects Emil Sodersten and John Crust, were asked to work together on a design. A limited budget and the effects of the Depression limited the project.

The building was completed in 1941, after the start of World War II. It was officially opened on Remembrance Day, 11 November 1941, by the Governor-General Lord Gowrie. Gowrie was a former soldier who had been awarded the Victoria Cross. The building has been extended to allow the remembrance of Australia's role in other more recent conflicts.

Remembrance Nature Park, behind the War Memorial, is the Canberra end of the Remembrance Driveway, a system of parks, landmarks and road-side stops between Sydney and Canberra. It commeorates the 24 World War II and Vietnam War Victoria Cross recipients.

ANZAC Parade is a short, broad street named after the soldiers of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps. It reaches from the north shore of Lake Burley Griffin to the Memorial, along the line of sight from Parliament House. It separates the residential suburbs of Campbell and Reid, and is used by a lot of traffic between northeastern Canberra (Dickson etc.) and Kings Avenue Bridge.

On each side of the Parade are monuments for military campaigns or services, such as the Vietnam War and Australia's wartime nurses. The monuments are mostly sculptures in styles from naturalistic to Modern.

Near the lake are a pair of monumental sculptures in the form of large basket handles, donated to the Memorial by New Zealand. They are dedicated to Australia and New Zealand and are inspired by the Māori proverb "Mau tena kiwai o te kete, maku tenei", "Each of us at a handle of the basket". This symbolises the long tradition of cooperation and general closeness between the two Commonwealth countries.

The symbolic association of the two nations is also shown in the plants along ANZAC Parade. Long beds of New Zealand "Hebe" shrubs line the middle of the avenue. Behind the two rows of monuments are narrow bands of Australian eucalyptus trees. Behind the trees are narrow residential streets paralleling the Parade and separating it from the residential neighbourhoods. In the high summer, cicadas in the eucalyptus trees can be heard from several blocks away.

The Australian War Memorial is at the northern end of Anzac Parade. The commemorative area is in the open centre of the memorial building with cloisters on each side. There is the Hall of Memory under the building's central dome and the sculpture garden on the west lawn.

The heart of the commemorative area is the "Hall of Memory". This is a tall domed chapel with a small floor plan in the form of an octagon. The walls are lined with tiny mosaic tiles from the floor to the dome. Inside lies the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier.

Three of the walls, facing east, west, and south, have stained glass designs showing qualities of Australian servicemen and women. At the four walls facing northeast, northwest, southeast, and southwest are mosaic images of a sailor, a servicewoman, a soldier and an airman. The mosaic and stained glass were the work of the one-armed Australian artist Napier Waller. He had lost his right arm at Bullecourt during World War I and learned to write and create his works with his left arm. He completed his work in 1958.

In front of the Hall of Memory is a narrow courtyard with a memorial pool surrounding an eternal flame. On either side are paths and gardens, including plantings of rosemary for remembrance. Above the courtyard on either side are long cloisters containing the "Roll of Honour". This is a series of bronze plaques naming the 102,000 Australian servicemen and women killed in conflict. The plaques include names dating back to the British Sudanese Expedition, the Second Boer War, and the Boxer Rebellion. The entire long wall of the western gallery is covered with the names of the thousands who died in World War I. The eastern gallery is covered with the names of those who died in World War II and more recent conflicts.

The roll shows the names only, not rank or other awards, as "all men are equal in death". Visitors have put poppies next to the names of their relatives and friends. 

A small exhibit in the museum indicates that the famous Breaker Morant of the Boer War does not appear in the Roll of Honour. This was not because he was dishonoured, but rather because he was not actually a member of the Australian armed forces.

When the Memorial closes each day, there is a ceremony at which visitors can gather at the entrance, hear a very brief explanation from a host, and listen as a recording of the "Last Post" is played. On significant days, a piper or a bugler descends from the gallery, playing the Last Post.

The commemorative area is the main place in Canberra where Anzac Day and Remembrance Day services are held. These services are normally attended by Federal parliament representatives and officials from foreign embassies and Commonwealth high commissions, most notably those from New Zealand. 

The Memorial is a two-storey building with a floor plan in the shape of a cross. The building is of Byzantine architecture style with strong elements of Art Deco. In 2001, a new, broad annex called "ANZAC Hall" was added to the north of the original building. In order to preserve the view of the original building from Anzac Parade, ANZAC Hall was designed to be sunk into the grounds below, and hidden behind a wall.

The upper level has displays on World War I (the entire west wing) and World War II (the entire east wing). In the World War I area there is a lot material about the Gallipoli campaign. Between the wings lies "Aircraft Hall", which contains a number of complete aircraft, mostly from the World War II era.

Also between the wings is the "Hall of Valour", a display of 61 of the 96 Victoria Crosses awarded to Australian soldiers. This is the largest public collection of Victoria Crosses in the world. There is a display for the holder of each Cross shown there. The relatives of Australian VC holders often give or loan the Crosses to the Memorial for safekeeping and greater public awareness of their honoured kin.

On 24 July 2006 Kerry Stokes purchased the 60th medal at auction for a world record price of A$1,000,000 and asked that it be displayed in the Victoria Cross Gallery. This medal was awarded to Captain Alfred Shout for hand-to-hand combat at the Lone Pine trenches in Gallipoli, Turkey. The Victoria Cross Gallery now has all nine VCs awarded to Australians at Gallipoli. These were to Alexander Burton, William Dunstan, John Hamilton, Albert Jacka, Leonard Keysor, Alfred Shout, William Symons, Hugo Throssell and Frederick Tubb.

The lower level contains a theatre, a research area, displays for the colonial and post–World War II conflicts. There is also an area for special exhibitions.

ANZAC Hall is on the upper level of the memorial, used for the display of large military equipment. This includes a historic Lancaster bomber known as G for George, a Japanese "Ko-hyoteki" class midget submarine sunk during a raid on Sydney Harbour in 1942, German aircraft including the Me 262 and Me 163, and a restored Japanese A6M Zero, that was flown in combat over New Guinea. The eastern side includes a World War I aircraft exhibition, which includes a Royal Aircraft Factory SE5a, Pzalz D.XII and Albatros D.Va.
A gift shop and two coffee shops are on site, one overlooking ANZAC Hall, called "The Landing Place", and the other on the eastern side of the main building, called "The Terrace".

The sculpture garden on the west lawn of the Memorial contains a variety of outdoor monuments. The sidewalk through the garden is has bronze plaques commemorating various branches of service, specific units, and historical events. There are also a number of sculptures, including a gigantic figure of a World War II Australian soldier which was originally located in the Hall of Memory, before the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier was placed there. There is a gun turret from HMAS "Brisbane", a gun barrel from the heavy cruiser HMAS "Australia" and the barrel from the Amiens Gun – a huge railroad gun captured from the Germans during World War I.

This area is used for special displays. Summertime band concerts are held on the nearby lawn.


Michel de Montaigne

Michel Eyquem de Montaigne (28 February 1533 — 13 September 1592) was a French Renaissance man, statesman, and writer. He was a court official in the late Valois-Angoulême period of the Kingdom of France. Montaigne was the inventor of essay-writing and was one of the most important philosophers of the French Renaissance.



Anna Shaffer

Anna Shaffer is an English actress, best known for her role as Ruby Button in teen soap opera "Hollyoaks," and for her role as Romilda Vane in the Harry Potter film series.

AccuWeather

AccuWeather is an American media organization that provides non-profit worldwide weather forecasts. The name "AccuWeather" is a portmanteau for "accurate" and "weather". 

The network was founded in 1962 by Joel N. Myers, then a Penn State graduate student working on degrees in meteorology. The company adopted the name "AccuWeather" in 1971. It is centered in State College, Pennsylvania. AccuWeather is a strong provider for a lot of local television stations, and does guest commentaries on major television, networks.


LionsXII

LionsXII is a Singapore football team based at Jalan Besar Stadium. Managed by the Football Association of Singapore, the squad marks the return of Singapore to the Malaysia football scene after leaving the Malaysia Cup in 1994. The name "LionsXII" is a special tribute to the fans, who are generally recognised as football's "12th Man".

In 2011, the Football Association of Singapore and the Football Association of Malaysia reached an agreement that would see greater cooperation between the two nations. The Under-23s would play in the Malaysian Super League and Malaysia Cup from 2012 onwards, the first time a Singaporean team would be in Malaysian domestic football since 1994, when Singapore won the M-League and Malaysia Cup double. Although the new Singapore team would have the existing Under-23s forming its core, senior players were also called upon to guide the younger players. No foreign players were allowed to be part of the Singapore team.

The LionsXII debuted in the 2012 Malaysia Super League on 10 January 2012 with a 1–2 loss to defending champions Kelantan FA. The LionsXII's first win was a 2–1 victory over Kuala Lumpur FA on 17 January. The LionsXII's first away win was a 1–0 victory over Sabah FA on 21 January. LionsXII began their 2012 Malaysia FA Cup quest on 18 February, with a 3–0 win over UiTM FC. The LionsXII made their way to the quarter-final with a 2–0 win over Betaria FC on 10 March 2012. However, they were beaten by Terengganu FA in the quarter-finals. On 16 June 2012, they defeated Sabah FA 9–0 at home, the biggest win in the MSL season. LionsXII finished second in the league behind Kelantan FA, and bowed out of the semi-final of the 2012 Malaysia Cup after losing in a penalty shoot-out against ATM FA.

LionsXII were set a target of finishing in the top five for the 2013 Malaysia Super League when a press conference was held before the start of the season. The five overage players included key members from the previous campaign such as Shahril Ishak, Isa Halim, and Baihakki Khaizan. The main aim was to develop the U-23 players and prepare them for the upcoming 2013 Southeast Asian Games that would be held at the end of the year, with the five seniors players serving to guide them throughout the campaign. As at the start of the campaign, 13 players were also undergoing National Service.

LionsXII began their campaign by defeating ATM FA 1–0 away. In their first home match, they successfully edged out traditional rivals Selangor FA for the first time since joining the MSL. However, LionsXII stumbled to two losses against lowly T-Team FC and PKNS FC away. They also crashed out against in the first round of the 2013 Malaysia FA Cup against PKNS. Despite this, LionsXII went on a long unbeaten streak, securing important wins over Pahang FA (3–0), Kelantan FA (1–0), and ATM FA (3–1) at home. The opposing coaches even conceded the title to the LionsXII leading up to the end of the season, as the team chalked up the best home record in the league, winning 10 and drawing one (with the draw coming in Round 19 against title-contender Johor Darul Takzim FC.

On 2 July 2013, a 4–0 win over relegation-threatened FELDA United FC in the penultimate league game made LionsXII league champions. Singapore's Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong was present for the match played in front of a sold-out crowd at the Jalan Besar Stadium. The MSL trophy was also brought to Jalan Besar Stadium as the LionsXII received it on home soil after the final whistle. LionsXII became the first foreign team to win the MSL, adding to the four Malaysian league titles it had won in 1979, 1981, 1985, and 1994. The title run was defined by a combination of good defence (13 goals conceded, the best record in the MSL) and goals from set-pieces (17 out of 32).

LionsXII ground stadium is Jalan Besar Stadium in Singapore. The stadium can host 8,000 supporters in total. On 30 October 2012, a new high-definition LED scoreboard was implemented at the Gallery to provide better quality to the spectators as it will be able replay video highlights of the action on the field.

LionsXII boasts a lot of passionate supporters who will always turn up in red to support them in every home match. Their official fan group is called ExcluSinga accredited by the Football Association of Singapore. The group was formed from their news-providing Facebook page, Exclusive Singapore LIONSXII, which provides regular and exclusive updates which recognised by the Football Association of Singapore and became their official fan club in April 2012 soon after the LionsXII was formed on 25 March 2012.

Members of ExcluSinga will make their appearances in LionsXII matches chanting and supporting the team throughout the whole 90 minutes.

They have over 1,000 members in their Facebook group.

On 5 January 2012, Football Association of Singapore announced the appointment of StarHub as the Official Broadcaster and Principal Sponsor of LionsXII. As part of the partnership, StarHub will carry all LionsXII content on its pay TV, online and mobile platforms. Two days after the announcement of the kit, LionsXII sealed a second major sponsorship deal, with news that SilkPro will fund the Singapore outfit to the tune of S$1m during its debut season in Malaysia Super League. On 23 February 2012, LionsXII secured another sponsorship deal, with Shop N Save, a Singapore supermarket, coming on board as the 'Official Supermarket' for the Singapore outfit in its debut season in the Malaysian Super League.

"Updated on 3 July 2013"

Updated on 1 May 2013

Malaysia Super League<br>
Total goals scored: 32 <br>
Total goals conceded: 13

Malaysia FA Cup<br>
Total goals scored: 0 <br>
Total goals conceded: 1

Water resistance

Water resistance may refer to:


Harlem Shake

The Harlem Shake is an Internet meme that became popular in February 2013. It started with a video by a YouTube user named Filthy Frank. The trend spread with people trying to replicate the video. The videos feature the song "Harlem Shake" by electronic musician Baauer, and a dance. Normally, each video begins with one person (often wearing a mask) dancing to the song alone, surrounded by other people who seem to be unaware of the person dancing. When the bass drops, the entire crowd starts doing the dance. The video tends to be 30 seconds long.

Several reports have compared the Harlem shake to the Gangnam Style meme that was popular during 2012.


Charter Communications

Charter Communications is a cable system group begun in Delaware in 1993. They have Cable television, Internet and telephone services for over 26 million customers in 41 U.S. States.

The Charter headquarters are in Stamford, Connecticut, though many operations remain in St. Louis, Missouri.

The company has gotten several awards. But like certain other providers, they have also been under criticism.

In May 2016, Charter took over Time Warner Cable and the Bright House Networks; the three companies merged and then became Spectrum.

Bearded vulture

The bearded vulture ("Gypaetus barbatus"), also known as the lammergeier or lammergeyer, is a bird of prey. It is the only member of the genus Gypaetus.

An Old World vulture, it forms a minor line of the Accipitridae with the Egyptian vulture, its closest living relative. They are not much more closely related to the Old World vultures proper than to hawks. They differ from Old World vultures by their feathered neck.

It eats mainly carrion and lives and breeds on crags in high mountains in southern Europe, the Caucasus, Africa, the Indian subcontinent, and Tibet. The females lay one or two eggs in mid-winter that hatch at the beginning of spring. Populations are resident.

Abu Kabir Forensic Institute

Abu Kabir Forensic Institute (L. Greenberg National Institute of Forensic Medicine; ) is the only forensics institute in Israel. It is in Tel Aviv.


Israel Meteorological Service

The Israel Meteorological Service is the central service for weather forecasting and climate research in Israel. It includes 30 weather stations. It is located in Rishon LeZion. It is also a unit in the Israeli Ministry of Transport.


Burning Man

Burning Man is a festival that happens every year at Black Rock Desert in northern Nevada, in the United States. It lasts a week, and it starts on the last Monday in August, and ends on the first Monday in September (which is also Labor Day in the U.S.). The festival is called Burning Man because a large wood sculpture of a man is set on fire on Saturday. The festival has been happening every year since 1990. Many people go to Burning Man; in 2012, over 55,000 people were there. The Black Rock desert is far from any cities or towns, and is very dry, so people who go to Burning Man have to bring their own water, food, and shelter.

Burning Man started in 1986 in San Francisco. An artist named Larry Harvey made a wooden sculpture of a man, and decided to burn it at a nearby beach as a bonfire for Summer Solstice. It was a success, so he did it again at the beach the next year, and then again a couple years after that. Each year the sculpture was made bigger. In 1987 “the Man” was almost tall, and in 1989 it was almost tall.

In 1990, the police stopped Harvey from burning the Man because Harvey did not have a permit. 
Around the same time, two people named Kevin Evans and John Law were planning a group trip to a dry lake, called The Playa, in the Black Rock Desert. They were members of a group of Dadaists named the Cacophony Society. Harvey decided to take the sculpture, which had been taken apart, to the desert to be burned. Since that time the festival has happened in the desert.

John Law knew how to make neon signs, so starting in 1991 neon lights have been added to the Man.

One of the members of the Cacophony Society is named Michael Mikel, who uses the name “Danger Ranger”. He was worried about people getting lost in the desert, which can be very dangerous. He started a group named the Black Rock Rangers to help keep people safe, and to help break up conflicts.

Starting in 1991, Harvey got a permit from the Bureau of Land Management (who take care of land owned by the US government) to hold the festival. The festival was becoming more popular every year. In 1991 about 250 people were there. In 1995 about 4,000 people were there, and in 1997 it was about 10,000. In 2000 attendance was about 25,000, and by 2010 it had reached over 50,000 people. The festival has become so large, sometimes it is called "Black Rock City" because it is like a small city.

Harvey wrote 10 principles to suggest how he thought people at Burning Man behave. These principles are:

Everyone who goes to Burning Man must have a ticket. Tickets must be bought before the festival starts.

Burning Man is designed for pedestrians and people on bicycles. Most cars can only be used for entering or leaving the festival. Because there have been many car accidents in the past, cars are only allowed to go 5 miles per hour.

Money is only allowed for a few things at Burning Man. It can only be used to buy ice, to buy coffee and other drinks, to pay for recreational vehicle services, to pay for emergency services like an auto mechanic or a locksmith, and a few other things.

Guns, fireworks, and dogs, are not allowed.

Many artists choose to show their art at Burning Man. Because the dry lake where the festival happens is so empty, it is like a white canvas. 

Every year since 1996 Harvey has chosen a theme, which is a word or idea that some of the artists use as part of their artwork. For example, in 2011 the theme was “Rites of Passage”, while in 2013 the theme was "Cargo Cults". 

People who want to bring motor vehicles to drive around while at Burning Man must get permission before they arrive. The group that gives permission is called the "Department of Mutant Vehicles”, or DMV. The cars, trucks, and buses must be changed to look very different from normal. These are called "Mutant vehicles". Mutant vehicles often have complicated lights. Some mutant vehicles have loudspeakers for playing music, and some have flames and other pyrotechnics.

The city that is built for the festival is named "Black Rock City", or "BRC" for short. Because it is so big, some volunteers start building about 3 weeks before the festival starts. Some people also stay as long as 4 weeks after to clean-up and take everything apart. 

The city has streets which are planned in the shape of a clock. There are streets that go towards the Man, which are named after times on a clock (12:00, 12:30, 1:00, and so on). There are also streets that curve in a circle around the Man. These streets are given new names every year. The area closest to the Man doesn't have any buildings or tents. This area only has different works of art. The street that runs along the inside of the circle surrounding the Man is called the Esplanade.

A small airport is also built every year, away from the rest of the city. 

The Sierra Club has said that all of the cars and trucks coming and going to the desert produces too much carbon dioxide gas, which causes global warming. A group of people at Burning Man started a group called Black Rock Solar. This group built solar panels for schools in a nearby town, so that less carbon dioxide needs to be produced. 


Tyre, Lebanon

Tyre is a city in the south of Lebanon. About 120,000 people lived there in 2003. The Phoenicians originally built the city. It is known as "Tyrus" in Latin, and "Tyros" in Greek. Its name in Arabic and Turkish is "Suur".

Norodom Sihanouk

Norodom Sihanouk (October 31, 1922 – October 15, 2012) was the King of Cambodia from 1941 to 1955 and again from 1993 to 2004. He was in the Guinness Book of Records because he had had the most political duties in the world. He served as the 1st, 12th, 16th, 20th, 23rd, 25th, 27th, 35th, and 37th Prime Minister of Cambodia. He was exiled in 2004 and later left his throne in the same year.

Sihanouk was born on October 31, 1922 in Phnom Penh, French Indochina. He studied at the Cavalry Military School. Sihanouk was married six times. His last wife was Norodom Monineath from 1952 until his death in 2012. Sihanouk had 14 children. He had suffered prostate cancer. Sihanouk died on October 15, 2012 while on a trip to Beijing, China from a heart attack, aged 89.


David Dinkins

David Norman Dinkins (July 10, 1927 – November 23, 2020) was an American politician and activist. He served as the 106th Mayor of New York City from January 1, 1990 through December 31, 1993. He lost reelection in 1993 to Rudy Giuliani. He was the first African American mayor of New York City.

Dinkins was born on July 10, 1927 in Trenton, New Jersey. He studied at Harvard University and at the Brooklyn Law School. Dinkins was married to Joyce Burrows until her death in 2020. They had two children.

Dinkins died on November 23, 2020 at his home in New York City from respiratory failure, aged 93.


Thomas E. Dewey

Thomas Edmund Dewey (March 24, 1902 – March 16, 1971) was an American politician. He served as the 47th Governor of New York from January 1, 1943 through December 31, 1954. He ran for President two times, and he lost both of them. He was mostly known for losing to Harry S. Truman when the "Chicago Tribune" mistakenly printed newspapers that said Dewey Defeats Truman.

Dewey was born on March 24, 1902 in Owosso, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan and at the Columbian Law School. Dewey was married to Frances Hutt from 1928 until her death 1970. Dewey died while on a trip to Miami, Florida from a heart attack on March 16, 1971, aged 68.


Robert M. La Follette

Robert Marion "Fighting Bob" La Follette, Sr. (June 14, 1855 – June 18, 1925) was an American Republican. He was a Senator from Wisconsin from January 2, 1906 until his death on June 18, 1925. He ran for President in 1924, but lost. If La Follette won he would have been the seventh President to die in office. He is thought to be one of the greatest Senators of American History.

La Follette was born on June 14, 1855 in Primrose, Wisconsin. He is of English-Scottish-French descent. He studied at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. La Follette was married to Belle Case Le Follette from 1881 until his death in 1925. They had four children. La Follette died on June 18, 1925 in Washington, D.C. from a heart disease, aged 70.


The Piano Teacher

The Piano Teacher is an erotic drama movie of 2001 about a piano professor for a musical conservatory. The subjects of this drama are piano playing, voyeurism and masochism. "The Piano Teacher" received positive review by critics, and several international awards.

Planetarian: Chiisana Hoshi no Yume

Key defines "Planetarian" as a "kinetic novel", since its gameplay offers no choices or alternate endings. Instead, the player proceeds through the story solely by reading. The story is written by Yūichi Suzumoto and "Planetarian" is one of two Key games not to have Itaru Hinoue as an artist, using Eeji Komatsu instead. The game's soundtrack was composed and arranged by Key's signature composers Magome Togoshi and Shinji Orito.

The story centers around a middle-aged man who comes across a malfunctioning robot in a dead city. The man, known simply as "the junker", stays with this robot for a time and attempts to fix the projector of the planetarium where the story takes place.

A light novel of short stories set in the world of "Planetarian" was released in April 2006. Three audio dramas have also been produced. David Production produced a five-episode original net animation series and an anime movie in 2016.


Har Nof

Har Nof (, meaning "scenic mountain") is a mountain in Jerusalem. It is a famous neighborhood of important Israeli Rabbis. There are ancient terraces in the neighborhood, which were used for growing grapes. There are also many presses, from the Second Temple carved in the rock, suggesting a large Jewish community at the time. There are also ruins from fortifications dating from the Herodian period.

The ruins of a castle and a small pond were found in one of the lowest streets in the neighborhood. The fort was from the time of the Second Temple, and was populated by guards who protected the pilgrims visiting the temple. Opposite the castle, an ancient wine press was found, which probably belonged to the fortress' guards.


National Gallery of Australia

The National Gallery of Australia is the national art museum of Australia. It is in Canberra. It holds more than 120,000 works of art in its collection. The gallery was established in 1967 by the Australian government. The construction of the building started in 1973, and cost AU$82 million. It was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1982.

The gallery is northeast of Parliament House. It is near the High Court and the National Library. There are three levels of galleries. On the main floor, the galleries are large, and are used to display the collections of Indigenous Australian, European and American art. The lower level also contains a series of large galleries, used to display the Asian art collection. The topmost level contains a series of smaller galleries, which holds the gallery's collection of Australian art. A smaller building on the eastern side of the gallery holds the gallery's temporary exhibitions. It includes a sculpture garden. A major expansion of the gallery began in 2006. It included several new galleries for indigenous Australian art.

The gallery's collection of indigenous Australian art is mostly modern, but in traditional forms. It is dominated by a memorial of 200 painted tree trunks commemorating all the indigenous people who died defending their land against invaders in the 200 years between 1788 and 1988. Each trunk is a coffin, which in the Yolngu culture is used to mark the safe journey of the soul of the dead from this world to the next.

The collection of non-indigenous Australian art includes work by Frederick McCubbin, Tom Roberts, William Dobell, Sidney Nolan, and many other famous artists. The gallery's international collection is mainly focused on late-19th-century and 20th-century art. Artists represented include Paul Cézanne, Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso, Jackson Pollock, Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein, David Hockney, Lucian Freud and Henri Matisse. The sculpture garden contains works by Bert Flugelman, Henry Moore, Fujiko Nakaya and Auguste Rodin.


West North Central States

The West North Central States are made up of seven US States: Iowa, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota and Kansas. The region is defined by the United States Census Bureau and is populated by between 20 million and 21 million people. This region is also regarded by the names of "Heartland" or "The Farm Belt".

Alonzo Gee

Alonzo Gee (born May 29, 1987) is an NBA basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers. He went to the University of Alabama.

East North Central States

The East North Central States are a region that consists of five US States: Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and , according to the . Almost fifty million people live in this region. Some non-government groups may put the State of Kentucky within this group, although the Census Bureau usually has Kentucky in the East South Central region.

Pemako

Pemako is a region in the southeast corner of Tibet. It is considered to be the sacred place for Tibetans, and a place for pilgrimages. Many popular lamas visited the place in search of termas, which were hidden during the crisis in Tibet.

Israel Space Agency

Israel Space Agency (ISA; , "") is a government agency of Israel. It oordinates all Israeli space research programmes with scientific and commercial goals. It is part of the Ministry of Science and Technology of Israel. It was established in 1983. The head of the ISA is Major Gen. (ret.) Prof. Yitzhak Ben Yisrael.


Oscar Pistorius

Oscar Leonard Carl Pistorius (born 22 November 1986) is a South African former sprint runner. He is serving a prison sentence for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.

Pistorius was born in Sandton, Johannesburg. Both of his legs are amputated above the ankle, and he runs with prostheses. Pistorius competed in races for athletes with disabilities. He first ran in international competitions for able-bodied athletes in 2007.

In 2011, he competed in the World Championships, and as part of South Africa's silver-medal-winning relay team, he became the first amputee to win an able-bodied world track medal. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Pistorius became the first double-leg amputee to compete in the Olympics. He also competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He won gold medals in the men's 400 metre race in a Paralympic record time of 46.68 seconds and in the 4 × 100 metres relay in a world record time of 41.78 seconds. He also won a silver in the 200 metres race.

On 14 February 2013, he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp dead in his house. He was charged with murder, but is not in prison because he paid a R1 million to be released on bail. His murder trial began on 3 March 2014 in Pretoria. During the trial, Pistorius was diagnosed with generalised anxiety disorder. On 11 September, he was found not guilty of murder. On 12 September 2014, he was convicted of manslaughter.

In November 2014, prosecutors asked the sentencing judge for permission to appeal the verdict. Permission was granted in December, and the case was presented to a five-person panel at the Supreme Court of Appeal. He was released on house arrest, and on 3 December 2015 the Appeal Court overturned the culpable homicide verdict and convicted him of murder. Pistorius appeared in court on 13 June 2016 to start the sentence hearing for the murder conviction; on 6 July he was sentenced to six years imprisonment for murder. On 24 November 2017, Pistorius's sentence was extended by 13 years and five months. He tried to appeal but failed.

On 5 January 2024, Pistorius was released from prison on parole. His sentence ends on 5 December 2029 and he will have conditions until the sentence is over.

Randolph Street

Randolph Street is a street in Chicago. It runs east-west through the Chicago Loop. It carries traffic west from Michigan Avenue across the Chicago River. The street runs through the whole city. The street is named after Edmund Randolph.

Michigan Avenue

Michigan Avenue is a major north-south street in Chicago. It runs at 100 east on the Chicago grid. The northern end of the street is at Lake Shore Drive on the shore of Lake Michigan in the Gold Coast Historic District. The avenue is named after the state of Michigan. The avenue is also known for shopping stores, museums, and tall buildings. Part of Michigan Avenue is called the Magnificent Mile.

It is the location of the annual November Magnificent Mile Lights Festival hosted by Disney.


Kud Wafter

The story follows the lives of high school students Riki Naoe and his close friend Kudryavka Noumi as they start to see more of each other in a romantic relationship. The gameplay in "Kud Wafter" follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the title character Kudryavka, also known as for short.


Margaret Truman

Mary Margaret Truman Daniel (February 17, 1924 – January 29, 2008) was an American singer, writer, and historian. She wrote many mystery and historical books. She was the daughter of U.S. President Harry S. Truman and Bess Truman.

Truman was born on February 17, 1924 in Independence, Missouri. She studied at George Washington University. Truman was married to Clifton Daniel from 1956 until his death in 2000. They had four children. Truman died on January 29, 2008 in her son's home in Chicago, Illinois from a respiratory infection, aged 83.


Pope Stephen IV

Pope Stephen IV was Pope from June 816 to January 817. He died of old age.


Michael Mann

Michael Kenneth Mann (born February 5, 1943) is an American movie director, screenwriter, and movie producer. He is known for his works in "Manhunter", "Ali", "Collateral", "Hancock", and in "Public Enemies". He won an Emmy Award in 1979.

Mann was born on February 5, 1943 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Mann has been married to Summer Mann since 1974. They have four children. 


Bille Brown

William Gerard "Bille" Brown AM (11 January 1952 – 13 January 2013) was an Australian actor and playwright. He was known for his roles in "Fierce Creatures", "The Man Who Sued God", "The Dish", and in "". Brown and Geoffrey Rush were good friends. He was openly gay.

Brown was born on 11 January 1952 in Biloela, Queensland, Australia. He studied at Queensland University. 

Brown died on 13 January 2013 in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia from bowel cancer, aged 61.


Saqqez

Saqqez (, ) is a city in the west of Iran. According to 2006 census, 131,348 people lived there. Saqqez is famous because of its ancient history and the remaining of a historic fort located on north-east of the city, named "Zehweeya". The city is in Kurdistan Province, in Iranian Kurdistan. 

The name Saqqez derives from the Scythian word "Skate""."

People of Saqqez are Kurds and speak in Kurdish language, they also speak in Persian which is the official language of Iran. Most of the people are following Islam. In recent years there was a huge community of Sufis in Saqqez, they still exist in little numbers and do their spiritual rituals in special places named Tekkyeh (in Kurdi: تەکیە).

Beckenham

Beckenham is a suburb of London, in the London Borough of Bromley. It is south of central London.

There are also places with the same name in Perth, Western Australia and Christchurch, New Zealand.

Political behavior

Political behaviour is how people think about politics and how they vote and do things like protest because of what they believe. Family, teachers and friends all shape how we think. The media and political adverts also change the way many people vote. Social class, race and religion also make people vote in different ways.


Internal Affairs

Internal Affairs is a 1990 crime-thriller movie starring Laurie Metcalf, Andy Garcia and Richard Gere. The story is about manipulation, corruption and lying in the Los Angeles Police Department in late 1989 and early 1990. Elijah Wood, Annabella Sciorra and William Baldwin also star. This movie got strong positive reviews from many critics and was a success in the box office.

Welcome to the Dollhouse

Welcome to the Dollhouse is an American 1995 teen comedy movie. It is about bullying and dysfunctional family life. This independent comedy started the acting career of Heather Matarazzo, who plays Dawn Weiner. It received positive reviews from critics. It was a success at the box office.

Hasan Basri

Hasan Al-Basri (; full name: Al-Hasan ibn Abi-l-Hasan al-Basri), (642–728), was a well-known Sunni Muslim Sufi, preacher and scholar. Hasan was one of the most famous and prominent of the early Sufi saints in Islam. He was a very popular and beloved personality of Basra, in Iraq. 

The Brothers McMullen

The Brothers McMullen is an American 1995 comedy movie. It is about three brothers in Long Island, New York. The plot has love, sex, marriage, infidelity and deception. This movie was released in January 1995 in the United States and was directed by first time director Edward Burns.

Pranab Mukherjee

Pranab Mukherjee (11 December 1935 – 31 August 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the 13th President of India serving from 2012 through 2017. He was a member of the Indian National Congress.

Mukherjee became President on 25 July 2012. He succeeded Pratibha Patil (served 2007–12), India’s first woman president. Before Mukherjee became President, he had served as Foreign, Defence, Commerce and Finance Minister at different times in his political career. Mukherjee also served as a member of both Lok Sabha (twice) and Rajya Sabha (five times).

In 2017, Mukherjee decided not to run for re-election and to retire from politics after leaving the presidency due to "health complications relating to old age". He was replaced by Ram Nath Kovind on 25 July 2017.

Mukherjee was born in the village of Mirati in Birbhum District of West Bengal. Mukherjee’s father, Kamada Kinkar Mukherjee, was deeply involved in India’s struggle for independence from Great Britain in the first half of the 20th century. Pranab was educated at the Suri Vidyasagar College (then affiliated with the University of Calcutta), and he later earned an advanced degree in history and political science as well as a law degree from the university. He was married to Suvra Mukherjee from 1957 until her death in 18 August 2015(aged 74).

In early August 2020, Mukherjee was hospitalized in an army hospital after falling in his shower in New Delhi. On 10 August, he was diagnosed with COVID-19. He died on 31 August 2020 from sepsis and a lung infection caused by COVID-19, aged 84.


Meira Kumar

Meira Kumar (born March 31, 1945 in Bihar, India) is an Indian politician. She has been elected to the Lok Sabha (the lower house in the Indian parliament) five times. She was elected unopposed as the first woman Speaker of the Lok Sabha on June 3, 2009. Kumar replaced retiring Somnath Chatterjee. She left office on May 18, 2014.

Kumar was the daughter of Babu Jagjivan Ram, a former Deputy Prime Minister of India. She studied at Cambridge University. After Cambridge, she joined the Indian Foreign Service in 1973. She was elected to parliament as a member of the Indian National Congress.

Kumar has been nominated as a joint presidential candidate by the leading opposition parties for 2017 Presidential election. She lost the election to Conservative Ram Nath Kovind after the results were announced on 20 July 2017.

Speaker of the Lok Sabha

The Speaker of the Lok Sabha is the presiding officer of the lower house of the Parliament of India, known as the Lok Sabha. The role of the Speaker is the same as in other countries which use the Westminster system of government. 
The speaker is elected in the very first meeting of the Lok Sabha after the general elections. He or she is chosen from the members of Lok Sabha. The speaker serves for a term of five years. The current speaker is Om Birla. He is the Member of parliament from Rajasthan.

Lok Sabha

Lok Sabha is the lower house of the Parliament of India. As of 2019, there have been seventeen Lok Sabhas elected by the people of India. The Constitution limits the Lok Sabha to a maximum of 552 members. This includes no more than 20 members representing people from the Union Territories. The Lok Sabha speaker is elected from its members.
If this happens, the term may be extended for one year. It can be extended more than one time. The 17th and current Lok Sabha was formed in May 2019.

The Lok Sabha meets at the Lok Sabha Chambers, in Sansad Bhavan, Sansad Marg, in New Delhi.

The Lok Sabha members are elected for a team of five years. The president may dissolve the Lok Sabha. During an emergency the term may be extended for one year.
During the British colonial period, the office of the Secretary of State for India (along with the Council of India) was the authority through whom the British Parliament exercised its rule in the Indian sub-continent. The Viceroy of India was created, along with an Executive Council, in India, which consisted of high officials of the British government. The Indian Councils Act 1861 provided for a Legislative Council consisting of the members of the Executive Council and non-official members; and the Indian Councils Act 1892 established legislatures in each of the provinces of British India. These Acts may have increased the Indian representation in government, but the councils' power remained limited, and the electorate also remained very small. The participation of Indians in the administration increased after the passage of the Indian Councils Act 1909 and the Government of India Act 1919. 

The Indian Independence Act was passed on July 18, 1947, and as a result British India was to be divided into India and Pakistan upon independence on August 15, 1947. They were to be dominions (India, Pakistan) under the Crown until they had enacted their own constitutions.

The Constituent Assembly was divided into two for the separate nations, with each new Assembly having sovereign powers transferred to it for the respective dominion.

India became a republic on January 26, 1950.

The Accidental Husband

The Accidental Husband is a 2008 American romance-comedy starring Uma Thurman and Isabella Rossellini. It was originally released in 2008 in the United Kingdom, and in 2009 in the United States. This romantic-comedy is about romance, deception and infidelity.

Joe Maloney (Brad Pitt) is a straight A student vying for an athletic scholarship to Stanford. He lives with his mother (Carrie Snodgress) in a trailer park in Gardena, CA. His well laid plans for the future are thrown into turmoil when his troubled younger brother Billy (Rick Schroder) is released from Juvenile Detention following his arrest for stealing a car and comes to live with them back home.


Romance comics

Romance comics is a genre of comics. Stories are about love, courtship, marriage, divorce, heartbreak and other aspects of romance. Most stories in the past featured teens and young adults. The stories were set in contemporary times. Joe Simon and Jack Kirby took credit for inventing the genre. They noticed many adults were reading comics after WWII, but only children's comics were available on newsstands. The two created a title for adults called "Young Romance". Its success and popularity led other publishers to glut the market with love titles. The genre was unaffected by the Senate subcommittee investigation into a supposed link between comic books and juvenile crime. The romance genre died in the 1970s with the last issue of "Young Love" and the onset of the women's movement. Some romance comics are still published. They are spoofs of the originals or take a more contemporary stance on love such as lesbian and gay romance. 

Pokémon Black 2 and White 2

Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 are role-playing video games in the "Pokémon" series made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. The games are the sequels to 2010's "Pokémon Black and White". The games were released in Japan on June 23, 2012, in North America on October 7, 2012, in Australia on October 11, 2012, and in Europe on October 12, 2012.

"Pokémon Black 2" and "White 2" play the same as the previous games in the series. Unlike in "Black" and "White", players may now capture Pokémon from previous games from the start.

"Pokémon Black 2" and "White 2" follows a new Pokémon trainer who is on a journey to become a Pokémon master. They do this by catching and training Pokémon, and battling Pokémon trainers. It takes place in the Unova region two years after the events of "Black" and "White". During this time, there have been many changes. Changes include new areas to explore, new gym leaders, and new trainers to battle. There is also a new Team Plasma that was formed after the original team was defeated. The new Team Plasma aims to use Pokémon to take over Unova. During the player's journey, they will meet former members of the original Team Plasma. These members now use Pokémon for good, and help the player in their journey.


Act Against Bullying

Act Against Bullying (AAB) is a national charity in the United Kingdom. The purpose of the organization is to help children who are bullied at school. 

AAB was founded in 2003.


Chelyabinsk

Chelyabinsk is a city in the Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. The city is south of the Ural Mountains, on the Miass River, and on the border of Europe and Asia. However Chelyabinsk is located in the European part of Russia, where the ural mountains make the division. The city has a population of 1,240,926. As of 15 February 2013, the head of the city is Stanislav Mosharov. On February 15, 2013, a meteor hit the city.


Chelyabinsk meteor

The Chelyabinsk meteor (or 2013 Russian meteor event) happened on 15 February 2013 over Chelyabinsk, Russia at about 9:13 a.m. Chelyabinsk is near the Ural Mountains.

The meteor was moving at a speed of about 18 km/s (40,000 mph), it passed over the southern Ural region and exploded in the air over Chelyabinsk Oblast. The air burst occurred at approximately 15 to 25 km (10 to 15 mi) above the ground.

The total energy released was equivalent to nearly 500 kilotons of TNT which would make it 20–30 times more powerful than the atomic bombs detonated at Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The meteor was significantly smaller than objects that are tracked through current efforts by space object scientists, and was not detected before atmospheric entry.

About 1,500 people were injured, mainly by glass from windows shattered by the shock wave; two were reported in serious condition. As many as 3,000 buildings in six cities across the region were damaged as a result of the explosion and impacts. The meteor created a dazzling light, bright enough to cast shadows during broad daylight in Chelyabinsk and to be seen as far away as Kazakhstan. Eyewitnesses also felt intense heat from the fireball.

The Chelyabinsk meteor is the largest object known to have entered the Earth's atmosphere since the 1908 Tunguska event, and the only such event known to have resulted in a large number of injuries.

The predicted close approach of the roughly asteroid 2012 DA occurred about 15 hours later. Sodankylä Geophysical Observatory, NASA, Russian sources, and the European Space Agency, said the two events were not related because they had different trajectories.

No deaths have been reported. It is not related to an asteroid that was also near the Earth on that day.

Judy Agnew

Elinor Isabel Judefind Agnew (April 23, 1921 — June 20, 2012) was the second lady of the United States from 1969 to 1973 as the wife of the 39th vice president of the United States, Spiro Agnew. She was also the first lady of Maryland from 1967 to 1969. 

She was born in Baltimore, Maryland. Her birthname is Elinor Isabel Judefind.

She married Agnew on May 27, 1942 in Baltimore, Maryland; he had graduated from Army Officer Candidate School two days before the marriage. 
The Agnews had four children:

She died on June 20, 2012 in Rancho Mirage, California.

Muriel Humphrey Brown

Muriel Fay Buck Humphrey Brown (February 20, 1912 — September 20, 1998) was the widow of former Vice President Hubert Humphrey. After her husband died, she was appointed to take his seat in the Senate, so she became the first wife of a Vice President to hold public office. She later remarried and chose the name Muriel Humphrey Brown.

She was born in Huron, South Dakota to Andrew E. Buck and his wife, the former Jessie Mae Pierce. Her birth name is Muriel Fay Buck. She attended Huron College, where she met Humphrey in 1934, while working as a bookkeeper. They got married on September 3, 1936. They had four children: Hubert III, Nancy, Robert, and Douglas.

Humphrey was appointed as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party by Rudy Perpich, the Governor of Minnesota, to the Senate vacancy caused by her husband's death. She had served from January 25, 1978 to November 7, 1978 in the 95th United States Congress. She was the first spouse of a former Vice President to serve in Congress, as well as the first woman to represent Minnesota in the U.S. Senate. She was not a candidate for the special election for the remaining term. "It was the most challenging thing I've done in my whole life," she said. Twenty-eight years later, Amy Klobuchar, a fellow Democratic-Farmer-Labor, would become the first woman to be elected to the United States Senate from Minnesota.

Van Jones

Van Jones (born on September 20, 1968) is a civil rights advocate, an environment activist and a lawyer born in Tennessee who also represents four non-profit organizations. He was appointed via by President Barack Obama in early 2009 for the Special Advisor of the Green Jobs. Later that year he was under controversy over past political activity and under criticism by conservatives. He then resigned in September 2009. Jones is currently the senior fellow at Center for American Progress and the senior policy advisor for Green for All.

Clannad (visual novel)

The story follows the life of Tomoya Okazaki, a high school delinquent who meets anyone at school to solve the problem, including five girls.


I Wanna Have Your Babies

"I Wanna Have Your Babies" is a 2007 pop song performed and written by singer Natasha Bedingfield. The song is about a woman trying to prevent herself from rushing into relationships. This woman wants to be pregnant with babies from Mr. Right.

The song received rather negative reviews from pop music critics, some of whom said it wasn't as good as other Bedingfield songs.

Thial

A thial, or thioaldehyde, is any molecule with the group RC(S)H. It is like an aldehyde with the oxygen atom changed with a sulfur. The sulfur has a double bond to carbon. It also keeps two lone pairs.

Thials are very reactive because they are very good electrophiles. It is difficult to make one, because they will react with themselves as soon as they are formed. They can do Diels-Alder reactions very quickly. However, if bulky R groups are used, the thial might be more stable.

If the H is changed with another R group, then the molecule is called a thioketone. These are more stable.

Onești

Onești () is a city in Bacău County, Romania. It has 51,681 people living there. It is a great tourist attraction in the summer.

Automata theory

Automata theory is a branch of Theoretical computer science. Automata theory is concerned with the study of abstract machines called automata, and with the problems that can be solved using such machines. An automaton is characterized by a number of states it can be in, a number of transitions between those states, and an alphabet of symbols it accepts. One state is special: it is the state the automaton is in at the start. There are a number of states that are called final states or exit states; if at the end of the input, the automaton is in one of those states, it is said to accept the word just processed, otherwise it is said to reject it.

Example problems of automata theory include:


Golden cave catfish

Clarias cavernicola (also known as the golden cave catfish) is a species of freshwater catfish. They are only known to live in one place: an underground lake in Aigamas Cave, which is near Otavi, in the Kalahari Desert of Namibia. The lake is in area and about deep.

The water level has been steadily dropping because it is extracted by humans. The lake is a major water supply in an otherwise very dry area. Because of this, the species is considered critically endangered. It is estimated that there are about 150 individuals living in the lake.

The fish live in the shallow areas of the lake in open, clear water. They feed on detritus (bat droppings and carcasses) and insects that fall into the lake. Not much is known about how the species reproduces. Attempts to breed the fish in captivity have failed.

The fish grow up to long. Having evolved in the darkness of the cave, they have no pigment. The fish is white in colour. It has a long eel-like body, with long dorsal and anal fins. The head has a rounded snout with four pairs of thin barbels. The fish have very small eyes, which are covered with skin. They are blind, and find food using taste and other senses on the barbels.


Thioketone

A thioketone (or thione) is any molecule with the group RC=S. It is like a ketone with the oxygen atom changed with a sulfur one. The sulfur atom has a double bond with the carbon atom. It also keeps two lone pairs.

Thioketones are very reactive. This is because they are good electrophiles. Many of them are unstable. They want to form rings. They do that with cycloaddition reactions, similar to the Diels-Alder reaction.

If one of the R groups is hydrogen, the molecule is the sulfur version of an aldehyde. It is called a thial, and it is even more reactive than a thioketone.

Testament of Ieyasu

, also known as Ieyasu precepts or Legacy of Ieyasu, was a formal statement made by Tokugawa Ieyasu.

Ieyasu was the head of the Tokugawa shogunate. His words were spoken and written down at the time of his abdication as shogun.

The original historical document is in the archives of the Tōshō-gū shrine at Nikkō in Tochigi Prefecture.

This political statement provided guidance to his successors. 

A translation of Ieyasu's words is: 

An alternate translation is:

Limit (mathematics)

In mathematics, a limit is the value that a function comes close to as the input comes close to some value. When we use a function to solve a problem, sometimes certain values can not be used as inputs to the function, but we can see what the function comes close to when the input comes close to the value. Limits can be used to explain what happens in these cases.

Limits are used to define many topics in calculus, like continuity, derivatives, and integrals.

For a function "f", limit are written like this:

formula_1

which reads "the limit of "f" of "x", as "x" approaches "c" equals "L"". An alternative notation is "formula_2 as formula_3", which reads "formula_4 tends to formula_5 as formula_6 tends to formula_7". Limit is shortened to "lim".

For a sequence formula_8, the similar notation formula_9 is used.

Imagine we have a function that takes an input, formula_6, and then outputs formula_11 to formula_12. If we were to draw a graph using x and y as coordinates, the results would look like this:

As we can see here, division by zero is undefined. But if we look closer, then we can see that we still have valid output—as long as we never reach zero:

This problem is unique to zero as the function still works on every value up to zero, even if we approach from the negative side. As input numbers get arbitrarily small, the output will simply get arbitrarily large, and if we draw this on a graph, the line will stretch upwards without bound before it touches 0 on either axis.

One way we describe this is "The limit of formula_13 as formula_6 approaches 0, from the right side, is formula_15", meaning that formula_13 can keep increasing beyond bounds, as long as "x" doesn't reach 0. Mathematically, this is written as: formula_17.

While a limit cannot be reached, it can be approached to get a more accurate output value. For example, the mathematical constant formula_18 (Euler's number) can be found by calculating formula_19, where formula_20 is an input:

While the equation will never be equal to formula_18, putting in a larger input will get us closer to it, and make our output more accurate. Mathematically, we can express this by saying that "The limit of formula_22 as formula_20 approaches formula_15 is formula_18", which is noted as formula_26.



Mario Sports Mix

Mario Sports Mix is a sports video game for the Nintendo Wii. It was developed by Square Enix and published by Nintendo. It was released on November 25, 2010 in Japan, on January 28, 2011 in Europe, and on February 7, 2011 in North America.

"Mario Sports Mix" features four sports: volleyball, ice hockey, dodgeball, and basketball. Each sport features special moves that the characters can use. Both local and online multiplayer can be played. The game features characters from the "Mario", "Final Fantasy", and "Dragon Quest" series. Players can also play as their Mii characters.


Party Mode

Mount Hotzvim

Har Hotzvim (; "Stonecutter Mountain") is a high-tech industrial park in Jerusalem. It was founded in the early 1970s by the Jerusalem Economic Corporation. Har Hotzvim is also known as Campus of Science-Rich Industries (, ).

Har Hotzvim is also a mountain. Its summit is 700 m above sea level.

Olivia Colman

Sarah Caroline Olivia Colman (born 30 January 1974) is an English actress, known professionally Olivia Colman. She has won an Academy Award, three BAFTA Awards, three BIFA Awards, one Golden Globe Award, and has been nominated twice for an Emmy Award.

Colman first came to prominence for her supporting role as Sophie Chapman in the Channel 4 comedy series "Peep Show" (2003–2015). Her other TV comedy roles include "Green Wing" (2004–2006), "Beautiful People" (2008–2009), "Rev." (2010–2014) and "Twenty Twelve" (2011–2012). She also played various roles in "That Mitchell and Webb Look" (2006–2008), alongside her "Peep Show" co-stars David Mitchell and Robert Webb. Colman's move to drama saw her receive critical acclaim for her performance in Paddy Considine's film "Tyrannosaur" (2011). Her other film roles include PC Doris Thatcher in "Hot Fuzz" (2007), Carol Thatcher in "The Iron Lady" (2011), Queen Elizabeth in "Hyde Park on Hudson" (2012), Bethan Maguire in "Locke" (2013), Margaret Lea in "The Thirteenth Tale" (2013), Marion in "Tale of the Brave" (2014) and the Hotel Manager in "The Lobster" (2015). Colman played Queen Elizabeth II in the third and fourth season of the original Netflix series "The Crown".

A three-time BAFTA TV Award winner, she won Best Female Comedy Performance for "Twenty Twelve" and Best Supporting Actress for "Accused" in 2013, before winning Best Actress in 2014 for her role as DS Ellie Miller in the ITV crime series "Broadchurch". Colman was also nominated for the International Emmy Award for Best Actress for "Broadchurch". For her performance in the AMC/BBC miniseries "The Night Manager", she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or Movie.

Israeli Educational Television

Israeli Educational Television (, "") was the first television channel in Israel. It was established in 1965 and began broadcasting in 1966. After it started broadcasting, it was added to the national broadcasting channels. Since 1997, it has had an independent broadcasting channel called Educational 23 on Channel 23.


Laura Cardoso

Laurinda de Jesus Cardoso Baleroni (better known as Laura Cardoso, b. 13 September 1927 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actress.

Cardoso was a pioneer of television in Brazil. She has acted in teleteatros, series and telenovelas since the 1950s on the defunct TV Tupi and later in syndication. She starred in more than 50 telenovelas. She is the widow of actor, writer, director and television producer Fernando Baleroni. They had two daughters, Fátima and Fernanda.

Khalsi

Khalsi () is a sub-district of the Leh District, Ladakh , India.

Dhani dialect

Dhani is a dialect of the Punjabi language, spoken in the Rawalpindi Division in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Ceto

In Ancient Greek mytholoy Ceto is the name of a sea monster;often represented as a whale, or a large fish. She is the daughter of Pontos and Gaia. Together with her brother Phorcys she bore the Gorgons, and Graeae, Echidna and Ladon.

Note there is also a minor oceanid called Keto. There are also various mythological beings referred to as "ketos" (plural "ketea"); this is a general term for "sea monster" in Ancient Greek.

Summa Theologica

Summa Theologica is a famous theology book by Thomas Aquinas, a Scholastic philosopher. He was influenced by Augustine of Hippo and Peter Lombard.


Peter Lombard

Peter Lombard (also Peter the Lombard, Pierre Lombard or Petrus Lombardus; 1096, Novara – 21/22 July 1160, Paris), was an Italian Scholastic theologian. His work was very well known in the Middle Ages. He wrote "Sentences", and became Bishop of Paris. Theologians from Thomas Aquinas to John Calvin were influenced by him. In 2009 Pope Benedict XVI spoke about his work. 


Ronald Lacey

Ronald William Lacey (28 September 1935 – 15 May 1991) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Arnold Toht in "Raiders of the Lost Ark".

Lacey was born on 28 September 1935 in Harrow, London, England. He studied at the Harrow Weald Grammar School and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. Lacey was married to Mela White from 1959 until they divorced in 1971. Then he was married to Joanna Baker from 1972 until they divorced in 1991. He had three children. Lacey died on 15 May 1991 from liver failure cause by his liver cancer in London, England, aged 55.


Jane Hadley Barkley

Elizabeth Jane Rucker Hadley Barkley (September 23, 1911 – September 6, 1964, known as Jane Hadley Barkley) was second lady of the United States from 1949 to 1953. She was the second wife of Vice President Alben W. Barkley.

Barkley was born in Keytesville, Missouri. Her father was a lawyer. Her mother was a pianist who had studied in Europe. She married her first husband, Carleton Hadley, in 1931. She met him at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri. He became a prominent railroad attorney. They had two daughters. He died in 1944 at the age of 42.

She married Vice President Alben Barkley, a widower, on November 18, 1949. She was his second wife, and he was her second husband. He was 71 and she was 37. Barkley's first wife Dorothy had died in 1947. Until her courtship with Barkley, Jane Rucker Hadley had been a devoted Republican. In 1940, Mrs. Hadley was working in the St. Louis office of Grand Old Party presidential nominee Wendell Willkie. When her milkman said his favorite president was Franklin Delano Roosevelt, she left a note saying, "No Willkie, no milkie". 
After Barkley's death, Jane Barkley started work as a secretary at George Washington University. Mrs. Barkley published a memoir in 1954 with Vanguard publishers of New York. It was called "I Married the Veep". When she died in 1956 from a heart attack, she was still working at the university.

Bill Hunter

William John "Bill" Hunter (27 February 1940 – 21 May 2011) was an Australian actor. Hunter was known for being in many Australian movies. In the United States, Hunter is known for his roles as the Dentist in "Finding Nemo". Hunter won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in 1978.

Hunter was born on 27 February 1940 in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. He was married to Robbie Anderson until they divorced. Then he was married to Pat Bishop from 1976 until they divorced. Then he was married to Rhoda Roberts from 1993 until they divorced in 1999. He had a son with Anderson. Hunter died on 21 May 2011 in Kew, Victoria, Australia from liver cancer, aged 71.


Carditamera gracilis

Carditamera gracilis, or the West Indian cardita, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae. It can be found off the coast of the West Indies.

"Carditamera gracilis" has an elongated shell, strong medium size about 40 mm. It has more pronounced radial rib and high in the back Its color is white with brown spots inside is pearly.

"Carditamera gracilis" dispatched by the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea.

Usually inhabits mainland coast of shallow water attached to rocky substrates.

Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation

Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation was a Philippine public broadcasting that began operations on November 4, 1973, and ceased transmission on March 20, 1986.



Shavuot

Shavuot, or Shavuos in Ashkenazic usage, is a holiday celebrated by Jewish people. They celebrate it to remember the day God gave the Torah to the entire nation of Israel assembled at Mount Sinai. The holiday association between the giving of the Torah ("Matan Torah") and Shavuot is not explicit in the Biblical text. 

Shavuot is celebrated on the sixth day of the Hebrew month of Sivan, which may occur in May or June. It falls 49 days after Passover(Pesach), which comes before Shavuot. It marks the end of the Counting of the Omer (Sefirat HaOmer). Pentecost falls around the time of Shavuot. 

In Secular Jews of the Diaspora, Shavuot is one of the Jewish holidays known to not be celebrated as much, while the people in Israel celebrate it every year.

Shavuot is celebrated by all types of Orthodox Jewry, ranging from Modern to ultra-Orthodox. It is one of the three pilgrimage holidays celebrated by Jews. (The other two being Passover, and Sukkot, or 'Festival of the Tabernacle'.)

According to Jewish law, Shavuot is celebrated in Israel for one day and in the Diaspora (outside of Israel) for two days. Reform Jews celebrate only one day.

Jews travel from their countries to Jerusalem to sacrifice wheat to the temple.

When in Rome

When in Rome is a 2010 romantic comedy. It stars Kristen Bell, Josh Duhamel, Will Arnett, Anjelica Huston, Shaquille O'Neal and Danny DeVito. The comedy is about back and forth romances. It got bad reviews from critics. It got $43 million in worldwide revenue.

Killing Season

Killing Season is an action thriller movie of 2013. It is about personal fighting between an American war veteran and one from Serbia. John Travolta plays Emil Kovac and Robert De Niro plays Ben Ford.

Samantha Barks

Samantha Jane Barks (born 2 October 1990) is a Manx singer and actress who first rose to fame after coming third in the BBC talent show–themed television series "I'd Do Anything" in 2008. In 2012, she was cast in her first movie as Éponine in the movie version of the long-running musical "Les Misérables".



Lorisidae

Lorisidae (sometimes called Loridae) is a family of primates. Its members resemble lemurs. They live in trees, in Africa and Asia. Depending on the author, there are nine to eleven species, in about five genera. 

Genera are:<br>"Arctocebus"<br> "Perodicticus"<br> "Pseudopotto"<br> "Loris"<br> "Nycticebus"

Éponine

Éponine Thénardier (; ) is a character in the novel "Les Misérables" (1862) by Victor Hugo. She is also referred to as the "Jondrette girl".

The character is introduced as a spoiled and pampered child. Later in the book, she appears as a ragged teenager who has become very mature for her age. She speaks in the style of language of the streets of Paris. She has kept her former charm and innocence.


Feeling Minnesota

Feeling Minnesota is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama crime movie starring Cameron Diaz, Dan Aykroyd and Courtney Love. It was released in the USA on September 13, 1996, and is about confusion and problems in romance decisions.

Human Connectome Project

The Human Connectome Project is a US-led effort to map the human brain. The HCP is a five-year project funded by the National Institutes of Health.On September 15, 2010, the NIH announced that it would award two grants: $30 million over five years to a consortium led by Washington University in Saint Louis and the University of Minnesota, and $8.5 million over three years to a consortium led by Harvard University, Massachusetts General Hospital and the University of California Los Angeles. The aim of the $40m programme is to map the entire human neural wiring system by scanning the brains of 1,200 Americans. The project uses magnetic resonance imaging.

Like the Human Genome Project, the data will be publicly released to scientists as the scans are processed. The first data from 80 to100 people will be released in a few weeks' time.

Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital are pushing the technique to its limits with a purpose-built scanner. It is one of the most powerful scanners in the world. The scanner's magnets need 22MW (megawatts) of electricity enough to power a nuclear submarine. It was specially built for this project "4 to 8 times as powerful as conventional systems, enabling imaging of human neuroanatomy with much greater sensitivity than is currently possible".

What the scans show is the way various brain centres are connected to each other.

Shahjalal International Airport

Shahjalal International Airport is the largest airport in Bangladesh. It is the only international airport in the Dhaka. It is located in Dhaka, and was previously known as Dacca International Airport.


Boys of Bangladesh

Boys of Bangladesh (BoB) is the oldest and largest network of Bangladeshi men who identify as gay. Its members live in Bangladesh and in other countries. It is based in Dhaka. It is an informal group run by volunteers. It was founded in 2002. Boys of Bangladesh aims to build a gay community in the country, and repealing Section 377, which makes homosexuality illegal.

BoB is a full member of the Human Rights Forum of Bangladesh, the Human Rights Alliance of Bangladesh and the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association.


Lobatus gigas

Lobatus gigas, commonly known as the queen conch, is a species of large edible sea snail, as a marine gastropod mollusc in the family of true conches, the Strombidae. This species is one of the largest molluscs native to the tropical northwestern Atlantic, from Bermuda to Brazil, reaching up to 35.2 centimetres (13.9 inches) in shell length.

The shell is characterized by its large size, solidity and sculptured design with large thorns. The mouth is large, calloused, has great lip colors white, pink, yellow and orange. Sifonales Channels, anal and notch estromboide are wide and well marked.

"Lobatus gigas" is native to the tropical Western Atlantic coasts of North and Central America. It lives in the greater Caribbean tropical zone.
Aruba, of the Netherlands Antilles; Barbados; all of the islands and cays of the Bahamas; Belize; Bermuda; North and northeastern regions of Brazil (though this is contested by some authors); Old Providence Island in Colombia; Costa Rica; the Dominican Republic; Panama; Swan Islands in Honduras; Jamaica; Martinique; Alacran Reef, Campeche, Cayos Arcas and Quintana Roo, in Mexico; Puerto Rico; Saint Barthélemy; Mustique and Grenada in the Grenadines; Pinar del Río, North Havana Province, North Matanzas, Villa Clara, Cienfuegos, Holguín, Santiago de Cuba and Guantánamo, in the Turks and Caicos Islands and Cuba; South Carolina, Florida, including East Florida, West Florida, the Florida Keys and the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary, in the United States; Carabobo, Falcon, Gulf of Venezuela, Las Aves archipelago, Los Roques archipelago, Los Testigos Islands and Sucre in Venezuela; St. Croix in the Virgin Islands.

He located between 0 and 18 m depth, but most often in soils carbonatites and seagrass beds.

Common names include "queen conch" and "pink conch" in English, "caracol rosa" and "caracol rosado" in Mexico, "caracol de pala", "cobo", "botuto" and "guarura" in Venezuela, "caracol reina", "lambí" in the Dominican Republic, and "carrucho" in Puerto Rico.


Cuboid bone

The cuboid bone is one of the seven tarsals of the feet. It is located on the side of the foot. It articulates (connects with) metatarsals number 4 and 5. Ligaments help hold the foot in an arched position and to hold the metatarsals and medial cuneiform bones (one of many is the cuboid) together. The bone also makes up part of the arch of the foot. Most likely, the name cuboid comes from the fact that the cuboid bone is shaped kind of like a cube.

Cuboid syndrome can happen as a result of an injury to the cuboid bone. 


Vjosa River

Vjosa is a river in Albania. It runs from the Pindus Mountains of Greece, through rocky terrain. It spills into the Adriatic Sea, where the terrain turns sandy. It runs about 272 km and it sets the boundaries between the city of Fier and Vlora.

Frontier Airlines

Frontier Airlines is an American ultra low-fare airline. It is based in Denver, Colorado. It has focus cities at Atlanta, Chicago, Cleveland, Miami, Orlando, Trenton.

Frontier was founded in February 1994, after Continental Airlines closed its hub at Denver. By July 1994, Frontier had started flights with Boeing 737 airplanes. In 1999, the airline bought Airbus A320 family airplanes. As of 2016, Frontier owns 61 Airbus airplanes. Republic Airways Holdings bought Frontier in 2009. Frontier was later sold to Indigo Partners in 2013. Indigo Partners also owns Spirit Airlines. Since 2015, Frontier and Spirit have been thinking about combining to create one large ultra-low fare airline. In February 2022, the two companies announced that they were merging. 

Volaris

Volaris is a Mexican low-cost airline. The airline is based in Mexico City. Its largest airline hub is at General Abelardo L. Rodríguez International Airport in Tijuana. discrimina airline

Volaris was founded in 2005. TACA Airlines and Televisa were among the initial shareholders. In 2009, the airline started flying from Mexico to airports in the USA after it began an agreement with Southwest Airlines. When Mexicana de Aviacion stopped flying in August 2010, Volaris took over their slots at the Mexico City International Airport. Southwest and Volaris stopped their agreement in 2013. In 2015, Volaris started going to Guatemala City, Guatemala, San Juan, Puerto Rico and San José, Costa Rica. In 2019, Volaris became Mexico's largest airline in terms of market share, partly because it offered lower prices. It passed Aeroméxico.

Omak Airport

Omak Airport is an airport in Omak, Washington.

Estonian mark

The Estonian mark was the currency of Estonia from 1918 to 1928. It was divided into 100 penns.

The Other Sister

The Other Sister is a 1999 romantic comedy movie. It stars Diane Keaton, Juliette Lewis and Tom Skerritt. The story is about autism related issues and over-protection by parents. It received mostly negative reviews, though it took in close to $28 million at the box office. This romantic comedy was filmed in Long Beach, Pasadena, and San Francisco, California and released in February 1999.


Lorisoidea

Lorisoidea is a superfamily of Primates. It combines the familiies of the Lorisidae (lorises) and the Galagidae (galagos). They are part of the Lemuriformes.

Lorisoidea is afro-asian phylogeny is disputable since their paraphylegenit has been traced with the group of the Galagidae with the Asian or African lorisidae (Masters 2007). The lorisodea species includes nocturnal species such as the Malagasy Lemur roidea. This species can be found in Africa and regions in tropical areas of Asia. Lorisoidea is categorized in two families Lorisidae and Galagidae. 

Her Majesty's Ship

HMS is an acronym (contraction) of Her Majesty's Ship. It refers to ships of the Royal Navy. It is the official prefix of Royal Navy ship names since 1789. Versions of HMS are used in those Commonwealth countries where the British monarch is still the head of state. So, for example, HMNZS is the prefix for the Royal New Zealand Navy.

There are some similar designations. RMS designates a ship which officially transports mail for the United Kingdom. Other countries with monarchs use the same kind of system, and almost all countries have a prefix system for their ships.

Mindy McCready

Mindy McCready (November 30, 1975 - February 17, 2013) was an American country music singer. She was born Malinda Gayle McCready in Fort Myers, Florida. She shot herself dead in Heber Springs, Arkansas.


Laurie Bird

Laurie Bird (September 26, 1953 – June 15, 1979) was an American film actress and photographer. She acted in only three movies. Her most well-known was the 1977 movie "Annie Hall". 

Bird died from a Valium overdose in New York City at age 25.

Lucy Gordon

Lucy Gordon (22 May 1980 – 20 May 2009) was an English movie actress and model who worked for CoverGirl 1997. She starred in "The Four Feathers" and "Spider-Man 3". Gordon died in Paris, France by hanging herself in her flat.

Dorian Gray (actress)

Maria Luisa Mangini (February 2, 1928 – February 16, 2011) was an Italian actress that mostly acted in movies. She is more commonly known by the stage name Dorian Gray. She was one of the Italian theater's most famous actresses. In the 1950s and 1960s, she devoted herself to the cinema. Mainly she played the role of the femme fatale. However, she proved to be a talented actress interpreting also a dramatic role in Michelangelo Antonioni's "Il grido" with great critical acclaim. In 1957, at the top of her popularity, she also took part in the Oscar-winning movie "The Nights of Cabiria". She retired from acting in 1965, after becoming pregnant with her son. In 2011, she committed suicide by shooting herself, fourteen days after her 83rd birthday.

Carole Landis

Carole Landis (January 1, 1919 – July 5, 1948) was an American actress. She acted mostly in movies. Her movies include "Fly Away Baby" and "Broadway Melody of 1938". She was born in Fairchild, Wisconsin. Landis later committed suicide by overdose of drugs.

Rachel Roberts

Rachel Roberts (September 20, 1927 – November 26, 1980) was a Welsh actress who starred in many movies and stage acts. She became well-known for her fervour and strong passion. She starred in the 1953 movie "Valley of Song". While in Los Angeles, Roberts committed suicide at age 53 with barbiturates and alcohol.

Leslie Phillips

Leslie Phillips CBE (20 April 1924 – 7 November 2022) was a British actor. He was born in Tottenham, London and moved to Chingford when he was nine.

He died at age 98 in his sleep after long illness on the morning of 8 November 2022.

ENAC Alumni

ENAC Alumni (also referred to as INGENAC) is an alumni association based in Toulouse, Midi-Pyrénées. It was started by Robert Aladenyse, in 1987. The main mission of the association is to gather the alumni of the French Civil Aviation University. In 2013, it has almost 20,000 members. It is a non-profit organization.

When the French Civil Aviation University was created in 1949, its first goal was to train people of the Directorate General for Civil Aviation. At the beginning of the 1970s, the university started to train professionals for the aerospace engineering industry. Robert Aladenyse (1931-2003, graduated in 1964) decided in 1987 to create a non-profit organization for alumni called INGENAC. In the 2000s, the development in France of Master's degree and "Mastères Spécialisés" courses encouraged the association to support and represent these new alumni.

On 1 Janunary 2010, ENAC became the biggest aeronautical university in Europe. Because of this, INGENAC decided to rename itself ENAC Alumni and gather graduates of all the degrees of the French Civil Aviation University (including the "Techniciens aéronautique d'exploitation", the "Techniciens supérieur de l'aviation", the Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnels and the "Ingénieurs des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile"). It has been done in March 2012.

ENAC Alumni is part of the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles".

ENAC Alumni is a partnership of the yearly meeting Airexpo and the "Salon du livre aéronautique".

Méziane Idjerouidène was one of the board members of the association.
Marc Houalla is the current President.



WrestleMania XXX

WrestleMania XXX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It was held on April 6, 2014 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the thirtieth WrestleMania event held by the WWE.

The main event saw Daniel Bryan defeat both Randy Orton and Batista in a triple threat match to win the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Wrestlemania XXX also saw Brock Lesnar defeat The Undertaker and breaking his 21 year undefeated streak at WrestleMania. 

At the "Royal Rumble" on January 26, 2014, Batista was the winner of the 30-man Royal Rumble match and secured his spot to headline WrestleMania XXX against whomever the champion is after the "Elimination Chamber".

On February 21, it was announced by the WWE that Hulk Hogan was returning to the company and was going to host WrestleMania.

On February 24, Brock Lesnar returned along with Paul Heyman and showed up to "Raw". They complained about not being in the title match at WrestleMania. To appease them, Triple H handed them a contract which gave Lesnar a match with anybody at WrestleMania as long as it wasn't Orton or Batista. Lesnar and Heyman didn't like this open challenge and tried to leave because they thought that nobody would be would not be a big enough challenge. Before they could leave, The Undertaker returned and stared Lesnar down. Undertaker looked at the WrestleMania sign and Lesnar signed the contract. Lesnar poked the pen against against Undertaker's chest for him to sign and Undertaker stabbed the pen through Lesnar's hand as well as chokeslamming Lesnar through the table afterwards.


Saint Finbarr

Saint Finbarr (550-623) was an Irish bishop of Cork. The Church of Ireland cathedral in Cork is named after him.


Steel Dragon 2000

The Steel Dragon 2000 is a steel roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land amusement park in Mie Prefecture, Japan. It is the longest roller coaster in the world.

Steel Dragon 2000 is the tallest coaster to use a traditional chain lift. Because of the length of the lift hill, two chains are used—one for the bottom half and one for the top half. A single chain would have been too long, heavy and very slow, at least twice the weight of a single train. Special brakes allow two trains to be on the lift at the same time.

The building of Steel Dragon 2000 required much more steel than other coasters for earthquake protection. This put the cost of the coaster at over $50 million.

Short ton

A short ton is a unit of measurement that is equal to 2000 lbs. (pounds). Often, the short ton is used to measure objects that have a very large weight. This is because using smaller units would be difficult.

Idempotence

Idempotence is a property that an operation in mathematics or computer science may have. It roughly means that the operation can be carried out again and again without changing the result.

The word idempotence was made by Benjamin Peirce because he saw the concept when studying algebra.

The meaning is different if we are talking about different kinds of operations. It can also be used to describe elements than an operation can take:


We say that an element "c" in the domain of "f" is an idempotent element if "f(f(c)) = f(c)". This means that "f" is idempotent if every element of its domain is an idempotent element.


We say that an element "c" which "*" can take is an idempotent element for "*" if "c * c = c". For example, the number "1" is an idempotent element for multiplication because "1" times "1" is "1".

If a call button inside an elevator is pressed then the elevator will go to the floor that is on the button. If it is pressed again then it will do the same thing. This means that the operation of pressing a button to make the elevator change floors is an idempotent operation.

If we mix two pots which have the same liquid in them into a new pot then we will have the same liquid in that pot. If we only care about "what" kind of liquid is in the pot (not how much) then mixing liquids is an idempotent binary operation.

The face of a clock looks the same if 12 hours have passed. So for the operation of "letting time pass on a clock" we see that letting 12 hours pass is an idempotent element (this is also true for all multiples of 12 like 24, 36, 48, ...).

Saint David's Day

Saint David's Day is the feast (celebration) day of Saint David. He is the patron saint of Wales. His feast day falls on the 1st of March each year. The day is celebrated by the people of Wales and people of Welsh background throughout the world. The first day of March was chosen in memory of the death of Saint David. It is believed that he died on that day in 589. The date was declared a national day of celebration within Wales in the 18th century.

Everyone in the National Assembly for Wales voted to make St. David's Day a public holiday in 2000. A poll conducted for Saint David's Day in 2006 found that 87% of people in Wales wanted it to be a bank holiday, with 65% prepared to sacrifice a different bank holiday to ensure this. A petition in 2007 to make St. David's Day a bank holiday was rejected by the office of the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair.

Parades are held in Wales on St. David's Day. The largest parade is held in Cardiff. It is formally attended by either the British Monarch or the Prince of Wales. Parades are a mixture of folklore and military parade. On 1 March 2010, the seventh National St. David's Day Parade took place in Cardiff city centre. Celebrations included concerts, a parade and a food festival featuring all Welsh produce. 

Dusty Hill

Joseph Michael "Dusty" Hill (May 19, 1949 – July 28, 2021) was an American musician and singer for in the rock band "ZZ Top". He had also made many voice guest appearance such as in "King of the Hill" and has been in movies such as "Back to the Future III".

Hill was born on May 19, 1949 in Dallas, Texas. He studied at Woodrow Wilson High School. In 2002, Hill married Charleen McCrory. 

Hill died in his sleep on July 28, 2021 in Houston, Texas at the age of 72. Before his death, he suffered a hip injury.

Billy Gibbons

William Frederick "Billy" Gibbons (born December 16, 1949) is an American musician, actor, and car customizer. He is known for being in the rock band "ZZ Top".

Gibbons was born on December 16, 1949 in Houston, Texas. He has been married to Gilligan Stillwater since 2005.



Cawl

Cawl is a Welsh dish. It was traditionally eaten during the winter months in the south-west of Wales. Today the word is often used to refer to a dish containing lamb and leeks, but historically it was made with either salted bacon or beef, potatoes, carrots and other vegetables. Cawl is widely considered to be the national dish of Wales.

The meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and boiled with the vegetables in water. The stock was thickened with either oatmeal or flour. It was then served, without the meat or vegetables, as a first course. The vegetables and slices of the meat would then be served as a second course. Cawl served as a single course is today the most popular way to serve the dish. Cawl is similar to "lobsgows", cawl's north Wales equivalent. "Lobsgows" differs in that the meat and vegetables are cut into smaller pieces. The stock is not thickened.

"Cawl cennin", or leek cawl, can be made without meat but using meat stock. In some areas cawl is often served with bread and cheese. These are served separately on a plate. The dish was traditionally cooked in an iron pot or cauldron over the fire. It was eaten with wooden spoons. The word "cawl" in Welsh is first recorded in the 14th century, and is thought to come from the Latin ', meaning the stalk of a plant, a cabbage stalk or a cabbage. In Welsh, ' ("make a cawl of [something]") means to mess something up.



Jerry Buss

Gerald Hatten "Jerry" Buss (January 27, 1933 – February 18, 2013) was an American businessman, poker player, real estate investor, and chemist. Buss was the owner of the basketball team the Los Angeles Lakers from 1979 until his death in 2013.

Buss was born on January 27, 1933 in Salt Lake City, Utah. He studied at the University of Wyoming and at the University of Southern California. Buss was married to JoAnn Mueller until they divorced. They had four children. Then he was married to Karen Buss until his death in 2013. They had two children. Buss died on February 18, 2013 from cancer and kidney failure in Los Angeles, California, aged 80.


William Fichtner

William Edward "Will" Fichtner, Jr. (born November 27, 1956) is an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Prison Break", "Armageddon", "Heat", "The Perfect Storm", and in "The Dark Knight".

Fichtner was born on November 27, 1956 in Mitchel Air Force Base, New York. He is of German ancestry. He was raised in Cheektowaga, New York.

Fichtner studied at Maryvale High School, at the Farmingdale State College and at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He was married to Betsy Aidem until they divorced in 1998. They had one child. He has been married to Kymberly Kalil since 1998. They have one child.


Inversion temperature

Sometimes, temperature increases with altitude. In a mountainous region, cold and dense air slides down the mountain slopes into the valley by the earth's gravity as Katabatic wind. It causes the temperature in the valley to be lowered. This is called inversion of temperature or inversion temperature.

Rajya Sabha

The Rajya Sabha or Council of States is the upper house of the Parliament of India. The total number of members are 250. Twelve of the members are nominated by the President of India for their contributions to art, literature, science, and social services. The rest of the house is elected by the state and territorial legislatures. Members sit for six-year terms, with one-third of the members retiring every two years.
The elections of the members of the Rajya Sabha (Except those 

Greta Scacchi

Greta Scacchi (born 18 February 1960) is an Italian-Australian actress. She acts mostly in movies, although sometimes in television programs. She starred in lots of movies, which include "White Mischief" and "Presumed Innocent". She has acted in many other movies as well.

Scacchi was born Greta Scacchi in Milan to an English mother and Italian father. Since 1995, she is an Australian citizen, and is still an Italian citizen.

Draco (genus)

Draco is a genus of agamid lizards that are sometimes called the flying dragons. The ribs and their connecting membrane can be extended to create a kind of wing. The hindlimbs are flattened and wing-like in cross-section, and a small set of flaps on the neck serve as a horizontal stabilizers. 

They live in forests, and eat insects. They cannot fly, but often get lift as they glide. Glides as long as 60 m have been recorded, over which the animal loses only 10 m in height. They are quite small. One species is only about 20 cm long.

The only time a flying lizard comes to the ground is when a female is ready to lay her eggs. She descends the tree she is on and makes a nest hole by forcing her head into the soil. She then lays 2–5 eggs before filling the hole. She guards the eggs for approximately 24 hours, but then leaves and has nothing more to do with her offspring.

There are about 42 species.

Iris Chang

Iris Shun-Ru Chang (March 28, 1968 – November 9, 2004) was an American writer and journalist. She wrote several best-selling books. Her books included "Thread of the Silkworm", "The Rape of Nanking" and "The Chinese of America". She was born in Princeton, New Jersey. She was raised in Illinois.

Chang spent her last years living in San Jose, California. On November 9, 2004, Chang died by suicide.


Bullying UK

Bullying UK, also known as Bullying Online, is a national charity in the United Kingdom. The purpose of the organization is to give advice about a range of problems including cyberbullying.

Bullying Online was established in 1999. It was renamed Bullying UK in 2007. It merged with a larger organization in 2011.


Margaret Sullavan

Margaret Sullavan (May 16 1909-January 1 1960) was an American actress. She who acted mostly on the stage, but she was also in sixteen movies. She began her career in 1929. Four years later, she began her movie career with "Only Yesterday". Mostly however, the actress preferred stage work. Margaret was born in Norfolk, Virginia. She died in near New Haven, Connecticut from an accidental barbiturate overdose on January 1, 1960.

BeatBullying

BeatBullying (BB) is a national charity in the United Kingdom. The purpose of BB is to help people to understand, recognise, and say no to bullying. This is done by giving them the tools to change their lives and the lives of other people.

BeatBullying was established in 2002.


Hexaplex erythrostomus

Hexaplex erythrostomus is a species of gastropod.

"Hexaplex erythrostomus" are found from the West Coast of the United States to Peru.



List of programmes broadcast by Sky One

This is a list of television programmes broadcast by Sky1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.


♠ - re-runs<br>
♥ - future series has been commissioned<br>
♦ - also in HD



Joaquín Cordero

Joaquín Cordero Aurrecoechea (August 16, 1922 – February 19, 2013) was a Mexican actor. He was mostly known for being in many Mexican telenovelas. He was in about 100 television shows and over 50 movies.

Cordero was born on August 16, 1922 in Puebla, Mexico. He was married to Alma Guzman until her death in 2012. They had three children. Cordero was in ill health shortly after his wife died.

In January 2013, Cordero went to the hospital because he had pneumonia. On February 19, 2013, Cordero died in his sleep in his home in Mexico City, Mexico from heart failure, aged 90.

Rooney Mara

Patricia Rooney Mara (born April 17, 1985) is an American actress. She has acted in movies, including "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (the remake of the 1984 horror movie) and "The Social Network". Mara played Lisbeth Salander, the title character for the 2011 remake movie "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo". She was nominated for an Academy Award for her performance. In 2013, she starred in the movie "Side Effects".

Mara is also known for her charity work. She oversees the charity Uweza Foundation, which supports programs for children and families in the Kibera slum in Nairobi, Kenya. Her sister is Kate Mara.

Florence Lawrence

Florence Annie Bridgwood (also known as Florence Lawrence; January 2 1886-December 28 1938) was a Canadian actress. She acted in silent movies and on stage. She acted in almost three hundred movies. She was very involved in stage and Broadway plays. She was born in 1886 near Hamilton, Ontario. Her death happened in Hollywood, California almost three days after Christmas 1938. She poisoned herself using ant paste. Her age was fifty-two when she died.

Exosphere

The exosphere is a thin, atmosphere-like volume surrounding a planet or natural satellite. Its molecules are gravitationally bound to that body. The density is so low that the molecules are essentially collisionless. In the case of bodies with substantial atmospheres, such as Earth's atmosphere, the exosphere is the uppermost layer,

The lightest atmospheric gases such as hydrogen and helium exist throughout the exosphere. Heavier ones like carbon dioxide and atomic oxygen are near the base. There are two borders to the exosphere; the lower boundary and the upper boundary. The lower boundary is about 500-800 km (300-500 miles) above the surface and is called the exobase. It is also called the thermopause because it is in between the exosphere and the thermosphere. The molecules are moving very fast, so the temperature in this zone is thought to be thousands of degrees celsius.

Elspet Gray

Elspeth Jean Gray, Baroness Rix (Elspet Jean MacGregor, April 12, 1929 – February 18, 2013) was a Scottish actress and activist. She played Mrs. Palmer in "Solo" and as Lady Collingford in "Catweazel".

Gray was born on April 12, 1929 in Inverness, Inverness-shire, Scotland. She was married to Brian Rix from 1949 until her death in 2013. They had four children. Gray died on February 18, 2013 from unknown causes, aged 83.

W. Watts Biggers

William Watts "Buck" Biggers (June 2, 1927 – February 10, 2013) was an American novelist, composer, and co-creator of the "Underdog". He wrote many books. His first book was "The Man Inside".

Biggers was born on June 2, 1927 in Atlanta, Georgia. He studied at the North Georgia Military College. Watts was married to Gracie Biggers from 1950 until her death in 1990. They had two children. Biggers died on February 10, 2013 in his home in Plymouth, Massachusetts from a heart attack, aged 85.


Phyllis Hyman

Phyllis Hyman (July 6, 1949 – June 30, 1995) was an American actress and singer. She was born in Philadelphia. She performed pop and R&B music. She starred in the movie "School Daze" (1988). Her music was mainly melancholy from 1984 and afterwards. She killed herself with drugs and pentobarbital in her apartment in New York City on June 30, 1995. Three years after her death, a record, "Forever with You", was released with other songs she had recorded before her death.

Stephen Foster

Stephen Collins Foster (July 4, 1826 - January 13, 1864) was an American composer. He was the first American composer to be paid for his music. He was born in Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania which is now part of Pittsburgh. His parents were wealthy. His most well-known and successful song is "Oh! Susanna" which was first performed in the Eagle Ice Cream Saloon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1847. 

Foster married Jane Denny MacDowell in July 1850, They had one daughter named Marion. The marriage was troubled and the couple separated. Foster moved to New York City to do professional songwriting. He died in New York City on January 13, 1864 at the age of 37.

Foster wrote mainly in three musical genres: plantation songs ("Oh! Susanna", "Camptown Races"), parlor songs ("Jeannie with the Light Brown Hair", "Beautiful Dreamer") and Civil War songs ("We Are Coming, Father Abraham").

Foster was born on July 4, 1826 to William Barclay Foster (September 7, 1779 - July 27, 1855) and Elisa Clayland [Tomlinson] Foster (January 1788 - January 1855). Stephen Collins was born in his father's home, "The White Cottage", at Lawrenceville. He was baptized on April 22, 1827 in Trinity Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was the youngest of the Foster children, and was named for Stephen Collins, a child friend of the family who died at age 12, and for William Collins, a family friend and well known attorney.

The Fosters were married on November 14, 1807 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. William Barclay Foster was a leader on the western frontier of Pennsylvania. He had settled near Pittsburgh. The Fosters had several children: Charlotte Susanna (1809), Ann Eliza (1812), Henry Baldwin (1816), Henrietta Angelica (1818), Dunning McNair (1821), Morrison (1823), and Stephen Collins (1826). A son was born in 1829, but died in 1830. 

William Barclay Foster had sired an illegitimate son before his marriage. This boy was raised in the Foster family. The Fosters lived in an elegant cottage high on a hillside above the Allegheny River in Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh planned and developed by William Barclay Foster.

Stephen's great-grandfather, Alexander Foster, migrated from Londonderry, Northern Ireland to the American colonies in 1725. He settled in Little Britain Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. His son, James Foster, married Ann Barclay and moved to Virginia. Their son, James, Jr. served in the American Revolution, and sired Stephen's father William Barclay Foster in 1779. 

After the Revolution, many of the Scots-Irish families of Virginia (including the Fosters) migrated to western Pennsylvania. William Barclay Foster settled near Pittsburgh. He was a merchant who sometimes travelled as far away as Louisiana. He returned to Pittsburgh via New York City or Philadelphia after buying supplies for his Pittsburgh store. 

He met his wife, Eliza Clayland Tomlinson, in Philadelphia. She was a Scots-Irish aristocrat of Wilmington, Delaware. The couple were married in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, and travelled 300 miles overland to Pittsburgh. The couple were among the social elite of the frontier and associated with the best families.

William Barclay Foster had serious financial troubles. In 1827, The White Cottage and other Foster properties were seized by the government when Foster failed to pay the mortgages. Stephen thereafter was moved about, sometimes living with relatives. His mother remembered him later in her life as a boy marching about with a feather in his cap and pounding on a drum while whistling "Auld Lang Syne". She noted that there was something "original" about the boy.

Stephen's eldest sister died in October 1829. The morbid sorrow that afflicted the Foster family at this time probably marked Stephen's view of dead young women for the rest of his life. Beautiful dead young women appear in some of his best songs including "Little Annie", "Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair" and "Beautiful Dreamer".

Stephen was five when he attended an infant school. In 1833 he went to the Alleghany Academy, a school for the social elite founded by the Presbyterian clergyman Rev. Joseph Stockton. In 1834, Stephen went to a black church with Olivia Pise, a mulatto servant. In 1836, the family left The White Cottage for ever and moved to Allegheny City when Stephen's father was appointed Collector of the Pennsylvania Canal.

Family legends say Stephen played harmonies on a guitar at age two, and played a flageolet with perfection in a music store at age seven. At age nine, he sang and performed with other boys in their own neighborhood theatrical productions. African melodies were popular and Stephen sung these tunes with gusto.

The creation of the American minstrel show is credited to Thomas Dartmouth "Daddy" Rice, an actor whose performance of the song "Jump Jim Crow" in the dress of an aged African American created an overnight sensation in Pittsburgh. The tune was written down and given a piano accompaniment by W. C. Peters, a music shop owner in Pittsburgh.

For many years, minstrels performed with circuses and traveling zoos. In the 1830s, they organized themselves into quartets, bands, and other ensembles and performed in theatres and other halls. One Nelson Kneass performed as a minstrel, but disbanded his group in Pittsburgh about 1845. He opened a hall with a stage at one end, and served refreshments for the price of a ticket. Prizes were offered for the best riddles, etc. and a silver cup for the best African song. Foster was living in Cinncinati in 1846 and 1847, but his brother Morrison wrote him asking for a song. Stephen sent him "Way Down South, Where the Cane Grows". The song did not win the contest but set Foster on the road to minstrel songwriting. 

Foster wrote 28 songs for the minstrel stage. They differ substantially in subject matter and musical style from his household songs. They are written in a negro dialect and their accompaniments suggest banjo-picking. Their musical style is sourced to African American music and the traditional and folk music of British Americans. Many of these songs were written for minstrel groups of the period such as the Sable Harmonists and the Christy Minstrels. 

A typical minstrel song by Foster is set for solo voice with a four or five part chorus in the refrain and a short instrumental section intended for a dance on the stage. The best of these songs are "Oh! Susanna" (1848), "Nelly Bly" (1849), "Camptown Races" (1850), "Massa's in de Cold Ground" (1852), "Old Folks at Home" (1860), and "Old Black Joe" (1860).

Foster married Jane Denny McDowell (1829 - 1903) on July 22, 1850 in Trinity Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh. She was the daughter of Andrew N. McDowell, a Pittsburgh physician, and Jane Denny Porter. The attraction between Foster and McDowell remains a mystery: Jane was on the edge of the Foster circle of friends, and had no special musical talents or interests. She may have broken an engagement to another man to marry Foster. The couple's only child Marion, a daughter, was born on April 18, 1850.

The marriage was troubled for unknown reasons, and the couple lived apart. They had separated for the first time by the spring of 1853. Jane took Marion to Lewistown, Pennsylvania, where her mother and sister lived. Stephen went to New York City to pursue songwriting. The couple reunited within a year, but separated again and again.

Jane and Marion returned to Pennsylvania by July 1861 after a stay in New York with Stephen. He was having money troubles, and his alcoholism was worsening. Jane moved to Greensburg, Pennsylvania, where she worked as a telegraph operator for the Pennsylvania Railroad. Her daughter was probably left with relatives elsewhere. Jane visited Stephen in New York City in September 1861, and several times thereafter.

After Stephen's death in 1864, Jane married Matthew D. Wiley, a baggage handler and express agent. She worked as a telegraph operator at the Pennsylvania Railroad's Allegheny depot. She supported several relatives including her daughter, her mother, and her grandchildren. She died in 1903 of burns suffered when a spark set her clothing on fire while she dozed near a fireplace. By that date, she and her daughter had received more than $4,100 in royalties from Stephen's songs. She is buried in the Allegheny Cemetery.

Marion Foster (1850 - 1935) married William Welsh and had three children. After living in St. Louis and Chicago, she moved in 1914 to a mansion (as caretaker) on the site of her grandparents' home in Lawrenceville. She was poor, gave piano lessons into her seventies, and battled the government unsuccessfully for repossession of a piece of land once belonging to her grandfather.

In July 1863, the people of the United States saw the worst riots in the nation's history. In New York City, rioters protested America's first draft. They believed this draft was unfair. It weighed heavily against the poor and allowed the rich to buy their way out. Rioters destroyed several buildings, including the Colored Orphan Asylum, and lynched blacks from lamp posts. Between 105 and 128 people died during the four days of rioting.

Foster's songs had not been selling well in the months before the riots. His best days as a songwriter were over. His audience had divided itself along political, economic, and racial lines. On Saturday 9 January 1864, Foster felt sick and went to bed early. He was staying in a poor but decent hotel on the Bowery. On Sunday morning, he spoke to a maid at his door, then turned and fell, breaking a piece of crockery that gashed his neck. His comrade George Cooper (who lived only four blocks away) was sent for. He found Foster naked in a pool of blood. The songwriter whispered, "I'm done for" and asked for a drink.

A doctor arrived and the gash was sewn up. Foster was dressed, and taken to a ward for the poor at Bellevue Hospital. He was entered in the register as a "laborer". He was uncomfortable and did not like the food. On 13 January, he was eating soup when he seemed to faint and then died. In his pocket was found a few coins and a scrap of paper reading, "Dear friends and gentle hearts". 

The cause of his death is not known. It was probably a combination of alcoholism, poor diet, and loss of blood, a heart attack, or a stroke. Jane Foster and Stephen's brothers Henry and Morrison claimed the body and took it Pennsylvania for burial. The funeral service was held in Trinity Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh, on 21 January. Foster's coffin was met at the Allegheny Cemetery by a brass band playing his tunes. He was buried near his father and mother.

His death was not recorded in most newspapers. The New York "Post" however compared his melodies to those of Donizetti. "The Round Table" wrote that Foster was "an amateur writer" barely familiar with the rules of musical composition. The "Table" did praise his pathos and humor though. 

Many songs were promoted after Foster's death as his very last songs. "The Voices That are Gone" (published in 1865) and "Kiss Me Mother Ere I Die" (1869) are probably his last works. In August 1864, a Prussian-born engineer bought The White Cottage and tore it down.


Kim Myung-sun

Kim Myung-sun(; Hanja: , 20 January 1896 - 22 June 1951) was a Korean writer and poet. She was a journalist, novelist, a femenist activist, and a movie actor. Her nickname was Tansil(), Mangyangcho () and real name was Tansil.



Carla Abellana

Carla Angeline Reyes Abellana (born June 12, 1986) is a Filipino actress and model.

Abellana was born in Manila, Philippines. She is the daughter of the former 80s heartthrob Rey 'PJ' Abellana and Rea Reyes. Her grandmother is Delia Razon.

Elizabeth Hartman

Elizabeth Hartman (December 2, 1943 - June 10, 1987) was an American actress who mostly did movies. She starred in the movie "A Patch of Blue" with Shelley Winters and Sidney Poitier and received a Golden Globe Award for that role. Hartman was born in Youngstown, Ohio. Hartman had depression. On June 10, 1987, she jumped from the 5th floor of her apartment building in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The jump ended her life at age 43.

South Bank

The South Bank is an area of London on the south bank of the River Thames. The South Bank is the home of the Royal Festival Hall, the Queen Elizabeth Hall, the Hayward Gallery, the BFI cinemas including the BFI IMAX and the National Theatre. The nearest tube and train station is Waterloo Station.



Dating

When two people go out together because they are or want to be in a romantic relationship, this is often called dating. When someone goes on a date, they try to do things that both people will like doing: go to see a movie, eat in a restaurant, drink in a pub, bar or café.

Dating can be done with both new people and people one already is in a relationship with. A first date lets people decide whether they are interested in that person, while dates after that are done to try and build the relationship.

There are commercial services to help people find people that they might want to go on a date with: dating services or introduction services. On the Internet, there are dating sites that allow people to find people who they might want to date. There are some online communities that oppose dating, such as MGTOW. When someone gives up on dating, it is sometimes called the "black pill".

Detritus

In biology, detritus is non-living particules of organic origin. Typically, it includes the bodies or fragments of dead organisms as well as faecal material. 

Detritus is typically colonized by communities of fungi and microorganisms which act to decompose (break down) the material. In terrestrial ecosystems, leaf litter and other organic matter gets mixed with soil. The result is called humus. Detritus of aquatic ecosystems is organic material suspended in water, which is sometimes referred to as marine snow. Marine snow is the basis of much life on the ocean floor. It is the food of animals which operate as 'filter-feeders'.

Grindr

Grindr is a piece of social networking software for smartphones. It is built for gay and bisexual men to chat with other men in their area. It is used to find people for sex or to go on a date.

Irene Lentz

Irene Maud Lentz (December 8, 1901 – November 15, 1962) was an American costume designer. She made costumes for many movie stars. She designed costumes for actresses like Hedy Lamarr, Ingrid Bergman and Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s and the 1940s.

On November 15, 1962, Lentz jumped to her death out a hotel window near Los Angeles.

Dragon Quest

, also known as Dragon Warrior outside of Japan before 2005, is a role-playing video game series. "Dragon Quest" is divided into two series: "Dragon Quest" and "Dragon Quest Monsters". In the first, the main characters are human. In the second, the main characters are monsters. The series was created by Yuji Horii, and published by Square Enix (formely Enix). Its first title was released in 1986 in Japan on the Famicom (known as Nintendo Entertainment System in America), and as of February 2013, ten main games were released. "Dragon Quest 10" is an online game. Besides these, there are many spin-off games and related products (manga, anime, Drama CDs and et cetera).

The series is the most popular in Japan, though it is not as popular as the "Final Fantasy" series in America and Europe. The series has sold 5,900 million copies globally.

Indian elephant

The Indian elephant ("Elephas maximus indicus") is one of three subspecies of the Asian elephant. It comes from mainland Asia. Since 1986, "E. maximus indicus" has been listed as endangered by IUCN. The population has declined by at least 50% over the last 60–75 years. The subspecies is also threatened by habitat loss, degradation and herds being split apart into smaller groups. It is recognized as the National animal of India. 

Kharo

Kharo () is a sub-district of the Leh District of Ladakh, India.

Durbuk

Durbuk () is a sub-district of the Leh District in Ladakh, India.

Nyoma

Nyoma () is a sub-district of the Leh District in Ladakh, India.

Garrotte

A garrotte is a weapon, usually a handheld length of chain, rope, scarf, wire or fishing line used to strangle a person. Garotte is normal British English spelling, with single 'r' as an alternate. Garrote with a single 't' is US English spelling. A Spanish version is "garrote vil".

The garrote has been used for centuries for silent assassination. It was widely used in 17th and 18th century India by the Thuggee cult. A garrote can be made out of many materials, including slik scarves, ropes, cable ties, fishing lines, nylon, and even guitar strings, telephone cord and piano wire. The Indian version of the garrote often had a knot at the center to crush the larynx while applying pressure to the victim's back, usually by means of a foot or knee.

A stick may be used to tighten the garrotte (the Spanish word actually refers to the stick itself). In Spanish, the term may also refer to a rope and stick used to constrict a limb as a torture device.

Since World War II the garrotte has been regularly used as a weapon by soldiers as a silent means of eliminating (taking out) sentries and other enemy personnel. Instruction in the use of garrottes is in the training of many elite military units and special forces. A typical military garrote consists of two wooden handles attached to a length of flexible wire; the wire is looped over a sentry's head and pulled taut in one motion. Soldiers of the French Foreign Legion used a particular type of double-loop garrotte (referred to as "la loupe"), where a double coil of rope or cord is dropped around a victim's neck and then pulled taut. Even if the victim pulls on one of the coils, he only succeeds in tightening the other.

The garrote was the main device used for capital punishment in Spain for hundreds of years. Originally, it was an execution where the convict was killed by hitting him with a club ("garrote" in Spanish). This later developed into a strangulation device, where the condemned was tied to a wooden stake, with a loop of rope placed around his neck. A wooden stick was placed in the loop, and by rotating the stick, the rope was tightened until the condemned person was strangled to death. As time went on, the execution method was modified in the form of a wooden chair to which the condemned was bound, while the executioner tightened a metal band around his/her neck with a crank or a wheel until asphyxiation of the condemned person was accomplished.

Other versions of this device incorporated a fixed metal blade or spike directed at the spinal cord to cause the breaking of the neck. Such a device can be seen in the James Bond film "The World Is Not Enough", the Coppola classic "The Godfather", and the Banderas/Jolie film, "Original Sin". The spiked version, called the Catalan garrotte, was used as late as 1940. American authorities kept the garrotte for a time in the Philippines after that Spanish colony was captured in 1898. Its use was abolished in 1902 (Act No. 451, passed 2 September 1902).

American military authorities in Puerto Rico used the garrotte to execute at least five convicted murderers in 1900. In a report to Congress, the American military governor said "that execution by the garrotte is far less inhumane and revolting than execution by hanging". However, the method was replaced by hanging. Since 1929, capital punishment has not existed under Puerto Rican law.

In the Ottoman Empire, execution by strangulation was reserved for very high officials and members of the ruling family. Unlike the Spanish version, a bowstring was used instead of a tightening collar.

The garrotte () is known to have been used in the first century BC in Rome. It is referred to in accounts of the Second Catiline Conspiracy, where conspirators were strangled with a "laqueus". The implement is shown in some early reliefs, e.g., "Répertoire de Reliefs grecs et romains", tome I, p. 341 (1919). It was also used in the Middle Ages in Spain and Portugal. It was employed during the conquista of the Americas, notably in the execution of the Inca emperor Atahualpa.

During the Peninsular War of 1808–1814, French forces regularly used the garrotte to execute Spanish "guerrilleros", priests, and other opponents to Napoleonic rule. Around 1810 the earliest known metallic garrotte appeared in Spain, and on 28 April 1828, the garrotte was declared the sole method of executing civilians in that country.

In May 1897, the last public garrotting in Spain was performed in Barcelona. After that, all executions were performed inside prisons. In 1935 in Spain the legislature adopted a law prohibiting any member of the armed forces from being a Freemason. As a result of this edict, 80 Freemasons were garrotted to death in Málaga. This was one of the many issues that led to unrest that became the Spanish Civil War.

The last civilian executions in Spain by garrotting were in March 1974. Two men both convicted of killing police officers: they were the last state-sanctioned garrotings in Spain. In Spain, the garrote was abolished in 1978 along with the death penalty after adoption of a new constitution.

In 1990, Andorra became the last country to officially abolish the death penalty by garroting, though this method had not been used there since the late 19th century.

Samaná English

Samaná English is a variety of the English language. It is spoken by about 10,000 people in the Samaná Peninsula, Dominican Republic. The speakers of Samaná English are the descendants of African American slaves freed from the United States. They migrated to the Samaná region beginning in 1824. Today, they are the largest group of English-speakers in the Dominican Republic.

The language is often described by linguists as either a Creole language or a dialect of English. It is closely related to other Creole languages of the Caribbean, especially Turks and Caicos and Bahamian Creole.


Disability bullying

Disability bullying is a pattern of behavior that involves abusing people with disabilities.

Studies show that bullying happens to people with disabilities more often than to others in general.

Disability bullying can become a type of hate crime or hate speech. It is a kind of abuse.



Strangulation

Stranglation is death by compressing the neck until the supply of oxygen is cut off. The process is called strangling. 

The brain needs a constant supply of oxygen. Strangling leads first to unconsciousness, then to death. Fatal strangling may occurs in accidents, and other causes of violence. Strangling does not have to be fatal; limited or interrupted strangling is practised in erotic asphyxiation, in the so-called "choking game". 

Strangling is a technique in many combat sports and self-defence systems. It is a method of winning a judo bout. Usually the opponent submits; if not, he is "strangled out", that is, the hold is continued until he passes out and is then immediately released. "Shime-waza", the judo term for this technique, has scored 97 times in World Judo events. No fatalities have resulted from it. There have been some deaths of suspects in police custody, where officers have used a "choke hold". Investigation suggested that this was because the officers' training had not been so adequate as the training of top-class judo players.

Strangling can be divided into three general types according to the mechanism used:

School bullying

School bullying is when kids in school are mean to other kids in school. The school bullies are normally more powerful than the people they bully.

Studies show that school bullying happens to some more than others, particularly young people with disabilities and those with sexual orientation that are not traditional. 


Noël Coward

Sir Noël Peirce Coward (16 December 1899 – 26 March 1973) was a British playwright, composer, producer, actor and singer. He was born in Teddington, Middlesex. He was a closeted homosexual. He died of heart failure in Jamaica.

Rosalina

Rosalina is a character from the "Mario" video game series. She is the third major female character after Princess Peach and Princess Daisy. In the "Mario" games, she watches over the Comet Observatory. The Comet Observatory is an area in space that orbits the Mushroom Kingdom every 100 years.

Rosalina first appears in "Super Mario Galaxy". There, she acts as an ally to Mario. After Bowser attacks the Comet Observatory, she gives Mario the task of getting back the observatory's Power and Grand Stars. She also gives Mario a creature named Luma to help him in his adventure.

In the sequel, "Super Mario Galaxy 2", a figure like her named the "Cosmic Guide" appears in the game when Mario dies multiple times in a level. Rosalina herself appears during the credits.

Rosalina makes her first playable appearance in "Mario Kart Wii". She is an unlockable character. Rosalina later appears in "Mario Kart 7". There, she is again an unlockable character. She also has her own track called "Rosalina's Ice World".

Rosalina appears in "Super Mario 3D World", where is she an unlockable character. She can use the spin attack move that Mario can use in "Super Mario Galaxy".

Rosalina will appear as a playable character in "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U". She will fight with a Luma.


We Are Young

"We Are Young" is a song by the American band Fun. It is from their album "Some Nights". It was released as the first single from the album on 20 September 2011. The song was covered on "Glee" on the episode "Hold On to Sixteen", aired in December 2011. It won the Grammy Award for Song of the Year at the 2013 Grammy Awards.

Vicky Cristina Barcelona

Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a 2008 Spanish-American romantic comedy-drama movie. It was written and directed by Woody Allen. It is set in the Spanish cities Barcelona and Oviedo. It is about two American women in their twenties who meet an artist, Juan, whilst spending a summer in Spain.

Rebecca Hall playes Vicky, Scarlett Johansson plays Cristina, Javier Bardem plays Juan, Penélope Cruz plays his angry, violent ex-wife Maria. The movie won a Golden Globe Award.



Baneh

Baneh (, , ) is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Baneh County in the Kurdistan region.

The Story of Us

"The Story of Us" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. It is about breakups and troubles between two people. The story in the song was inspired by an encounter with an ex-boyfriend during the CMT Music Awards in which Swift and the ex attempted to ignore one another. "The Story of Us" received mixed reviews, peaking at #41 on "Billboard" Hot 100, although the video got positive review for its "departure from the music video high school". The song was on Swift's album "Speak Now", released in 2010.

The Quarrymen

The Quarrymen (also written as "the Quarry Men") were a British skiffle and rock and roll band. It was formed by John Lennon in Liverpool in 1956. The band evolved into the Beatles in March 1960. Originally, it consisted of Lennon and several of his friends from school. The Quarrymen took their name from a line in the anthem of their high school, Quarry Bank High School. Lennon's mother, Julia Lennon, taught her son to play the banjo and then showed Lennon and Eric Griffiths how to tune their guitars in a similar way to the banjo, and taught them simple chords and songs.
Lennon started a skiffle group that was very briefly called the Blackjacks, but changed the name before any public performances. Some accounts credit Lennon with choosing the new name; other accounts credit his close friend Pete Shotton with suggesting the name. The Quarrymen played at parties, school dances, cinemas and amateur skiffle contests before Paul McCartney joined the band in October 1957. George Harrison joined the band in early 1958 at McCartney's recommendation, though Lennon initially resisted because he felt Harrison (still only 14 when he was first introduced to Lennon) to be too young. Both McCartney and Harrison attended the Liverpool Institute. One of them was Peter Shotton 

Beta blocker

Beta blockers is the name for a class of drugs that inhibit the hormone adrenalin and the neurotransmitter noradrenalin. Adrenalin is mainly released in stress situations; blocking its pathway will lead to lowering the heart rate, and blood pressure. 

Candies (band)

The Candies () was a famous Japanese singing girl group. The group started in 1973. Their first single was "" (). The Candies had three members: Ran Ito (), called Ran; Yoshiko Tanaka (), called Sue; and Miki Fujimura (), called Miki. Candies were working as a comedian in TV programs as well. It was unprecedented thing through Japanese show business. July 17, 1977. In their concert at Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall (), Candies suddenly declared their breakup in spite of its strong popularity.

Ran

She was the leader of Candies. When she was a junior high school student, she entered Tokyo music school along with Sue and Miki that met at a campsite. When 5th EP"" was released, she became a lead vocal and changed into central position. Fortunately, this change ended in big success. 5th EP became a big hit song for the first time. After that, Candies became known as a popular group in Japan. After Candies breakup, she became an actress in 1980 and is working at show business even now.

Sue

She yearned for The Peanuts and aimed at a singer. At first, her desire met with opposition from her parents. However, she could not change her mind over that. Although she took charge of lead vocal between 1st EP and 4th EP, after that, she was changed into right-hand side position by Manager's idea. After Candies breakup, in common with Ran, she became an actress in 1980 and got many prizes. She died of breast cancer on April 21, 2011. Before her death, she recorded her speech into a tape recorder to express her lamentation to the sufferers of 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. This touching tape was opened to the public on television and Japanese people met with deep sorrow.

Miki

She had the biggest ability to understand music among all members. Since her parents were working at a college of music, she was able to get much knowledge of music naturally. Therefore, she did not only sing but also wrote many good songs like "". However, she took charge of lead vocal only once on 16th EP "". It was what Ran and Sue proposed. After Candies breakup, she came back to the music industry with her solo album"" in 1983. However, after that, she didn't appear as a singer again and retired entirely from show business.

When the Candies appeared in 1973, trio groups were rare. When the Candies started, the Candies was completely defeated by solo singers on the hit chart. However, through the Candies' 5th single "My younger boyfriend" in 1975, these ideas disappeared. After that, Candies grew and became a bigger group.

The Candies often appeared on television as an idol group. However, the Candies has various musical styles: pop, rock, funk, folk song and others. The Candies are not just an idol group but are also professional singers.

These songs can be listened to on YouTube.

Lead vocal : Sue (1,2,3,4) Ran (5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,17,18) Miki (16)

"The Final Carnival" was the Candies' last concert. It was on 4 April 1978 at Korakuen Stadium. The Japanese called it the legend concert. It was the first female music group concert to be held at a baseball stadium. The audience was about 55,000 and the show lasted 4 hours. After that, this concert was shown to the public on television in Japan and got 32% program rating. A part of the concert was released on video and DVD. However, in spite of passionate requests from Candies fans, the complete version has not been released yet. Some songs of "The Final Carnival" can be seen on YouTube.

November 4, 2015. Finally, "The Final Carnival (The Complete Version)" was released. 


A Tribe Called Quest

A Tribe Called Quest was an alternative hip hop group that started in 1985. They are perhaps most famous for their song "Can I Kick It?". The members are MC/producer Q-Tip, MC Phife Dawg aka Phife Diggy (Malik Taylor), and DJ/producer Ali Shaheed Muhammad. Jarobi White was a member until 1991. They have released six albums.

In 1985, A Tribe Called Quest started. They were signed to Jive Records in 1989. In 1990, their first album "People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm" was released. In 1991, the group's second album "The Low End Theory" was released, and is one of the best hip-hop albums of all-time. "Midnight Marauders" was released in 1993. It reached number eight in the American album chart. In 1996, "Beats, Rhymes and Life" was released. It reached number one in the American album chart. "Rolling Stone" magazine gave it a score of 4 out of 5 stars. In 1998, "The Love Movement" was released and the group broke up after. It reached number three in the American album chart. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album in 1999. In 2016, they returned to make their sixth and last album "We Got It from Here... Thank You 4 Your Service".



List of political parties in the United States

These are the main political parties in the United States.

These parties have representation in Congress.


These are the most popular minor parties. They are ordered by how many votes their presidential candidate received in the last presidential election.


Lincoln Motor Company

The Lincoln Motor Company is an automobile company in the United States. It is a part of the Ford Motor Company that sells cars in North America. The current Lincoln cars in the United States includes two sedans (the MKS and MKZ), two crossovers (the MKT and MKX) and one SUV (the Navigator).

Lincoln is the luxury brand of Ford. It makes upscale luxury vehicles. The company was founded by Henry M. Leland in 1917 as its own company. It was bought by Ford in 1922. The brand is named after Abraham Lincoln.

I Walk the Line

"I Walk the Line" is a song that was written and recorded by Johnny Cash in 1956. It was the first number one single Cash got. It sold over 2 million copies. Cash said that the song is about his promise to love and care for his wife.

Bill Macy

Bill Macy (born Wolf Martin Garber; May 18, 1922 – October 17, 2019) was an American actor and comedian. He was in many comedy shows during the 1980s. He was best known for his role as Walter in "Maude".

Macy was born on May 18, 1922 in Revere, Massachusetts. He was married to Samantha Harper from 1975 until his death. Macy died on October 17, 2019 in Los Angeles at the age of 97.


Ronnie Stevens

Ronald Stevens (September 2, 1925 – November 11, 2006) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in "Wild, Wild Women", "Only When I Laugh", "Ever Decreasing Circles", "Hi-de-Hi!", "Yes, Prime Minister", "The Parent Trap".

Stevens was born on September 2, 1925 in London, England. He was married to Ann Stevens from 1959 until her death in 2006. They had two children, one died. Stevens died from an illness on November 11, 2006 in Northwood, Middlesex, England, aged 81.


Laurie Anderson

Laura Phillips Anderson (born June 5, 1947), known as Laurie Anderson, is an American avant-garde artist, composer, musician and movie director. Her work includes performance art, pop music and multimedia projects. She was first trained in violin and sculpting. Anderson had many performance art projects in New York during the 1970s. She focused mainly on language, technology and visual imagery. She became more widely known outside the art world when her single "O Superman" became number two on the United Kingdom singles chart in 1981. She also starred in and directed the 1986 concert movie "Home of the Brave".

Hassan Zirak

Hassan Zirak (29 November 1921 – 26 June 1972) was a Kurdish singer. He performed over 1000 songs during his life. His songs are very popular in areas of Iran and Iraq where Kurds live.

Mineral County

Mineral County is the name of many counties in the United States:


Martha Reeves

Martha Rose Reeves (born July 18, 1941) is an American singer. She was also a councilwoman in Detroit, Michigan. She was associated with R&B group Martha and the Vandellas during the 1960s. Together, their hits included "Dancing in the Street" and "Heat Wave". She had some solo songs, also.

Reeves was a Detroit Councilwoman between 2005 and 2009. She was born in Alabama. She was raised in Detroit.

Bukan

Bukan (, ) is a city in the West Azerbaijan province of Iran. Bokan is between Saqqez and Miandoab. Bokan's people are Kurd. They speak in Kurdi and most of them are able to speak Persian. Most of people believe in Islam.

Kristy McNichol

Christina Ann "Kristy" McNichol (born September 11 1962) is an American TV and movie actress. She played Letitia "Buddy" Lawrence in the television program "Family". She played Barbara Weston in the sitcom "Empty Nest". She also acted with Cynthia Nixon in the 1980 movie "Little Darlings" and as the main character in the 1981 movie "White Dog". She was born in Los Angeles.

Kasuga, Fukuoka

Kasuga is a city in Fukuoka Prefecture, Kyushu, Japan.

Villages of Japan

Villages of Japan or Mura are the smallest local administrative units in Japan. As a result of changes in the way places are grouped, some Prefectures, such as Saga Prefecture, no longer have any villages which are administered separately.

Sylvia Robinson

Sylvia Robinson (born March 6 1936-died September 29 2011) was an American singer, musician, record label executive and record producer who founded and was CEO of the Sugar Hill Record Company in the 1970s. She began recording in 1950 through Columbia Records. She also had several hit songs, with other musicians and solo, including the sensual song "Pillow Talk". Robinson was born in New York City. She died due to congestive heart failure at age 75.

Jenny Frost

Jenny Frost (born 22 February 1978) is a British singer, television presenter and model. She was born in Wallasey, Merseyside and raised in Manchester. She has been a member of girl groups Precious and Atomic Kitten. She has presented "Snog Marry Avoid?" and "OK! TV". 

Donny Hathaway

Donny Hathaway (October 1, 1945 - January 13, 1979) was an American singer and musician who did R&B, soul blues and jazz. He collaborated many times under singer Roberta Flack, and had many singles with her. He covered the Carole King hit "You've Got a Friend" and the Aretha Franklin song "Baby I Love You". He was born in Chicago, though raised near St. Louis. He terminated his own life by jumping from a New York City hotel room onto the sidewalk on January 13, 1979. He had schizophrenia and depression.

Uwajima, Ehime

Todo Takatora established a small domain at Uwa in 1595. The town developed around Uwajima Castle.

A cadet branch of the Date clan was established at Uwajima in 1614.


Julieta Venegas

Julieta Venegas Percevault (born November 24, 1970 in Long Beach, California), is a Mexican singer, songwriter, instrumentalist and producer. She sings pop-rock in the Spanish language. She speaks English, Portuguese, and Spanish.

She plays several instruments such as acoustic guitar, accordion, and keyboard. She has won five Latin Grammys and one Grammy Award. She has composed music for theater and performed in soundtracks for two movies.

Venegas began playing instruments at the age of 10 when her parents first sent her to piano lessons. Music became her passion. At the start of her career, she collaborated with a few bands in Tijuana, and then later in Mexico City Her first solo album, "Aquí", was released in 1998 collaborating with Gustavo Santaolalla. She recorded, toured and played live. In 2000, she recorded her second album, "Bueninvento", where she experimented with the electric guitar, and collaborated with producers and musicians including Gustavo Santaolalla, Meme de Real, Quique Rangel, Toy Hernandez and Joe Chiccarelli. In 2003, she released her third album, "Sí", which was recorded and produced in Buenos Aires and Madrid with guest musicians Cachorro López and Coti Sorokin. In 2006, her fourth album, "Limón y Sal", debuted with the help of producer Cachorro López. In 2007, she collaborated with Miranda! to record the song "Perfecta," which became a chart-topping single in 2008 in Latin America. Also that year, she was featured in "MTV Unplugged" which led to a DVD and CD. The single "El Presente" was drawn from that production. The album "Otra Cosa" was released in March 2010.

On August 13, 2010 Julieta gave birth to a baby girl named Simona in Mexico City.



Juárez Municipality, Chihuahua

Juárez is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Ciudad Juárez. The municipality's land area is .

In the 2010 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a population of 1,332,131, of whom 1,321,004 (over 99%) lived in the municipal seat. 

The municipality is named for 19th-century president Benito Juárez, as is the city of Ciudad Juárez.

The municipality has 147 localities. They include:

Municipalities of Chihuahua

Chihuahua is divided into 67 municipalities "(municipios):" 

Rosales Municipality

Rosales is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Santa Cruz de Rosales. The municipality covers an area of 1716.6 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,935. 

The municipality has 71 localities. They include:

Victoria Abril

Victoria Abril (born Victoria Mérida Rojas, 4 July 1959 ) is a Spanish actress and singer. She is best known for her acting in the movie "¡Átame!" ("Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!") by director Pedro Almodóvar.




Gran Morelos

Gran Morelos is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is San Nicolás de Carretas. The municipality land area is 424.2 km².

In the 2005 Census, the municipality had a total population of 3,092. 

Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest

Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest (also called Donkey Kong Country 2 or DKC2) is the second game in the "Donkey Kong Country" series of video games and the second game in the original "Donkey Kong Country" trilogy, overall. It was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1995. It is a sequel and direct follow-up to "Donkey Kong Country" and was followed by "" in 1996. This video game was developed and created by Rare, Ltd. and published by Nintendo.

This game was later re-released for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 and for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007. On November 25, 2012, for reasons unknown, "Donkey Kong Country 2" and the other two original "Donkey Kong Country" games were delisted from the Wii's Virtual Console worldwide except in South Korea, but on October 30, 2014, the games were relisted only in Europe and Australia. Around the same time, the games were released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in Europe and Australia, in Japan on November 26, 2014, and in the United States and Canada on February 26, 2015. For handhelds, "Donkey Kong Country 2" ported exclusively over to the New Nintendo 3DS's Virtual Console in March/April 2016. It was made available for the Nintendo Switch Online on September 23, 2020.

"Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest" is the sixth best-selling Super Nintendo Entertainment System game, with its predecessor being the third. A similar Game Boy game was released a year later, in 1996, "Donkey Kong Land 2".

The story centres around Diddy and Dixie on a quest to rescue Donkey Kong from the Kaptain K. Rool.

The world list in "Donkey Kong Country 2" tallies up to eight total, one more than in "Donkey Kong Country". There is also the newly introduced Lost World that requires a total of fifteen Kremkoins (the in-game currency) to access one level. The eight worlds are:


There are six bosses in the game (seven in the Game Boy Advance version). The final boss, Kaptain K. Rool, is battled twice within the story: once in The Flying Krock and again in the Lost World. The seven bosses are:


San Nicolás de Carretas

San Nicolás de Carretas is a town in the Chihuahua, Mexico. It is the municipal seat of the municipality of Gran Morelos. 

San Nicolás de Carretas was founded as a Franciscan mission in 1688. 

Visakhapatnam

Visakhapatnam or Vizag is a metropolitan area and port city in the Andhra Pradesh, India.

Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble!

Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! (also called Donkey Kong Country 3 or DKC3) is the third game in the "Donkey Kong Country" series of video games and the third and final game in the original "Donkey Kong Country" trilogy, overall. It is the sequel and direct follow-up to "Donkey Kong Country" and "". It was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was developed by Rare and published by Nintendo.

The game itself was later re-released for the Game Boy Advance in 2005 and for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007/2008. Unlike its predecessors, "Donkey Kong Country 3" was not released for the Wii's Virtual Console in South Korea. On November 25, 2012, for reasons unknown, "Donkey Kong Country 3" and both its predecessors were delisted from the Wii's Virtual Console, but on October 30, 2014, the games were relisted only in Europe and Australia. Around the same time, the games were released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in Europe and Australia, in Japan on November 26, 2014, and in the United States and Canada on February 26, 2015. For handhelds, "Donkey Kong Country 3" was ported exclusively over to the New Nintendo 3DS's Virtual Console in May/June 2016. It was made available for the Nintendo Switch Online on December 18, 2020.

A similar game was released for the Game Boy in 1997, "Donkey Kong Land III", and it has the same characters and settings.

Donkey and Diddy went on a fishing trip and have gone missing. Meanwhile, the Kremling Krew returns under the leadership of KAOS.

There are eight worlds (nine in the Game Boy Advance remake) in total in "Donkey Kong Country 3". This also includes Pacifica, a world exclusive to the Game Boy Advance version. The worlds include:


There are seven bosses (eight in the Game Boy Advance version) in the entire game. The reason for another boss in the Game Boy Advance version is because of the new world Pacifica. The bosses include:


Several changes were made for the Game Boy Advance re-release:



Valle del Cauca

Valle del Cauca is one of the 32 departments of Colombia. It is in the southwest of the country, being parts of the Andean Region and Pacific Region. It is named after the valley of the Cauca River. Its capital is Cali. 

Valle del Cauca is known for being the powerhouse department of the Pacific and contains the important coastal city known for its seaports: Buenaventura. Valle del Cauca also has important inland cities known for Salsa Dancing and culture: Buga, Toro, and Cali. Cali is also known for its Sancocho soup made with chicken, potatoes, yuca, corn, cilantro/coriander and plantain, and for being the capital of football in Colombia. 

This department also houses the highest Human Development Index and some of the highest GDP per capita in the country. 

Municipalities of Mexico

Municipalities () are the second-level administrative division in Mexico. There are 2,438 municipalities in Mexico, making the average municipality population 45,616.

Morelos Municipality, Chihuahua

Morelos is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat is Morelos. The municipality covers an area of 1336.8 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,172. 

It is named after Independence War hero José María Morelos.

The municipality has 295 localities. They include:

Delicias Municipality

Delicias is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The capital is Delicias. The municipality covers an area of 335.4 km.

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 127,211.

Delicias

Delicias (Spanish for "Delights") is a city in Chihuahua, Mexico. It is the seat of the municipality of the same name. It is located southeast of the state capital, Chihuahua. 

Hashima, Gifu

Hashima is known for its wool crafts.


Nuevo Casas Grandes Municipality

Nuevo Casas Grandes is a Mexican municipality of Chihuahua, Mexico. The seat of the municipality is the city of Nuevo Casas Grandes.

Chínipas Municipality

Chínipas is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Chínipas de Almada. The municipality covers an area of 2,278.9 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,233.

Donald Richie

Donald Steiner Richie (April 17, 1924 – February 19, 2013) was an American writer, director, historian, journalist, and movie critic. He only wrote his books or reviewed his movies in Japan. He directed his first movie when he was 17.

Richie was born on April 17, 1924 in Lima, Ohio. He studied at Columbia University. Richie was openly bisexual. He could speak Japanese, but could not write in it. Richie died on February 19, 2013 in Tokyo, Japan from natural causes, aged 88.



Tajimi

Musō Kokushi established a Buddhist temple named Eihō-ji in 1314. The town grew up around the temple.
The modern city was founded in 1940.


Guachochi Municipality

Guachochi is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Guachochi. The municipality covers an area of 4,340.35 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 45,881. 

The municipality has 1,134 localities. They include:

Guachochi

Guachochi is a city in the south-western Chihuahua, Mexico. It is the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of the same name.

In the 2005 INEGI census, the city had 12,385 residents. 

Jonathan Katz

Jonathan Paul Katz (born December 1, 1946) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and writer. He is known for his role as Dr. Katz in "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist". Katz won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Voice-Over Performance" in 1995. 

Katz was born in New York City to a Jewish-Hungarian immigrant family. He was educated at Goddard College. 

Katz is a close friend of playwright David Mamet, with whom he attended Goddard College. Katz co-wrote "House of Games]" with Mamet and had small roles in the Mamet-directed films "Things Change," "Homicide," "The Spanish Prisoner," and "State and Main".

Originally a musician and songwriter, Katz fronted a rhythm and blues group called "Katz and Jammers" before serving as the musical director for Robin Williams' 1979 standup tour. In 1998, he released "Brandon Project", a blues album.

In 1996, Katz was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. The initial symptoms began that year: "I was working on a TV show called "Ink" with Ted Danson, and after every episode we would take a curtain call and I noticed that I needed a head-start."

Hiding his condition became too much of a burden for Katz and he eventually disclosed it. He began speaking publicly as part of a tour sponsored by a manufacturer of medications used to treat MS."People have been pretty supportive; nobody ever had me in mind for an action film because of the kind of work I do -- mostly in the world of animation, which is not a big issue because as a person, I can't run that fast; as a cartoon character, I can fly -- literally." Katz, who now gets around with the help of a motorized scooter and performs onstage with the aid of a cane, says he doesn't regret his decision: "One of the reasons I disclosed my condition is because it is much easier to live with MS than to pretend you don't have it. If I could convince everyone of that, my job here is done."

Katz is married to Suzan Katz. They have two children. 


Susana Giménez

María Susana Giménez Aubert (born January 29, 1944 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), is an Argentine talk show host, actress, model and businesswoman. She is considered the biggest celebrity in Argentine television.



Beaivi

Beaivi also called, Beiwe, Bievve, Beivve and Biejje, is the sun goddess in Sámi mythology. She is the goddess of fertility and sanity. Beivve was often accompanied by her daughter, Beaivi-nieida (the sun maiden) in an enclosure of reindeer antlers.


Lou Myers

Lou Leabengula Myers (September 26, 1935 – February 19, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Vernon Gaines in "A Different World". 

Myers was born in Chesapeake, West Virginia on September 26, 1935. Myers died on February 19, 2013 in Charleston, West Virginia from pneumonia and heart failure, aged 77. 


James Randi

James Randi (born Randall James Hamilton Zwinge; August 7, 1928 – October 20, 2020) was a Canadian-American magician and skeptic. He was known for performing ghost magic. He founded the James Randi Educational Foundation. He held two world records in the Guinness World Records. He was influenced by Harry Houdini and Harry Blackstone, Sr..

Randi was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was openly gay. He married his partner of 27 years, Deyvi Pena, in 2013.

Randi died on October 20, 2020 in Plantation, Florida at the age of 92.

The following are Guinness World Records:

<br>


Fixed-gear bicycle

A fixed-gear bicycle (also called a "fixie") is a bicycle that has no freewheel mechanism (allowing pedals to stay still while moving).
It is a dangerous bike to use in towns. This type of bicycle is becoming more and more popular around the world.

Fixed-gear bicycles are very light. They are built without any unnecessary gadgets, such as chain rings or freewheel hub. When a person rides a fixed-gear bicycle, he/she/they need not put a lot of energy into it as with a geared bike. 

Most bicycles have a freewheel so the pedals will stay stationary while the bicycle is moving and so that the rider can ride without pedaling going forward or down a hill. Fixed-gear bicycles have even simpler mechanisms with pedals fixed to the back wheel. That means that the rider cannot stop pedaling. When the rear wheel turns, the pedals turn in the same direction. This allows a cyclist to use a brake by putting a pressure in opposite directions to pedals, so that the mechanism will not rotate.

It also makes it possible to ride backwards, although learning to do so is much more difficult than riding forwards.

Causeway

A Causeway is a road or railway embankment across water or marsh. Some may be underwater at high tide.


Lifestyle

Lifestyle is the way of life of person, group, or culture.
The term "lifestyle" was used for the first time by Austrian psychologist Alfred Adler (1870-1937).

A lifestyle is a way of living or doing things. Lifestyle is doing things, living your life and making decisions in your own unique way. Lifestyle can be political, social, economical and personal way of seeing, doing and understanding things. Not all parts of a lifestyle are our decisions. Surrounding social and technical systems, like economical situation and people around us, can limit the lifestyle choices available to the individual.

The Pallbearer

The Pallbearer is an American romantic comedy released in 1996 directed by Matt Reeves. It stars Toni Collette and Gwyneth Paltrow. The story is about suicide and romance conflict. It received almost $6 million in the box office.

Barbara Bates

Barbara Bates (August 6, 1925 – March 18, 1969) was an American actress. She acted mostly in movies. She played Phoebe in the 1950 movie "All about Eve" and acted in many other movies in her career. She was born in Denver, Colorado. She killed herself with carbon monoxide poisoning, also in Denver. She was age 43.

Seven Bridges of Königsberg

The Seven Bridges of Königsberg is a historically famous problem in mathematics. Leonhard Euler solved the problem in 1735. This led to the beginning of graph theory. This then led to the development of topology.

The city of Königsberg in Prussia (now Kaliningrad, Russia) was set on both sides of the Pregel River. It included two large islands which were connected to each other and the mainland by seven bridges.

The problem was to find a way to walk through the city by crossing each bridge once and only once. The islands could not be reached by any route other than the bridges. Every bridge must have been crossed completely every time. The walk need not start and end at the same spot. Euler proved that the problem has no solution. 

First, Euler pointed out that the choice of route inside each land mass does not matter. The only important property of a route is the order in which the bridges are crossed. So, he changed the problem to abstract terms. This laid the foundations of graph theory. He removed all features except the list of land masses and the bridges connecting them. In the language of graph theory, he replaced each land mass with an abstract "vertex" or node. Then he replaced each bridge with an abstract connection, an "edge". An edge (road) recorded which two vertices (land masses) were connected. In this way, he formed a graph.

The graph drawn is an abstract picture of the problem. So, the edges can be joined in any way. Only whether two points are connected or not are important. Changing the picture of the graph does not change the graph itself. 

Next, Euler observed that (except at the endpoints of the walk), whenever one enters a vertex by a bridge, one leaves the vertex by a bridge. In any walk of the graph, the number of times one enters a vertex equals the number of times one leaves it. If every bridge has been crossed exactly once, it follows that, for each land mass (except for the ones chosen for the start and finish), the number of bridges touching that land mass must be "even". This is because if there are n bridges, it is crossed exactly 2n times. However, all four of the land masses in the original problem are touched by an "odd" number of bridges (one is touched by 5 bridges, and each of the other three are touched by 3). There are at most two masses which can be the endpoints of a walk. So the proposition of a walk crossing each bridge once leads to a contradiction.

In modern language, Euler shows that whether a walk through a graph crossing each edge once is possible or not depends on the degrees of the nodes. The degree of a node is the number of edges touching it. Euler shows that a necessary condition for the walk is that the graph be connected and have exactly zero or two nodes of odd degree. This result stated by Euler was later proved by Carl Hierholzer. Such a walk is now called an "Eulerian path" or "Euler walk". If there are nodes of odd degree, then any Eulerian path will start at one of them and end at the other. Since the graph representing the historical Königsberg has four nodes of odd degree, it cannot have an Eulerian path.

Euler's work was presented to the St. Petersburg Academy on August 26, 1735. It was published as "Solutio problematis ad geometriam situs pertinentis" (The solution of a problem relating to the geometry of position) in the journal "Commentarii academiae scientiarum Petropolitanae" in 1741. It is available in English in The World of Mathematics.

In the history of mathematics, Euler's solution of the Königsberg bridge problem is considered to be the first theorem of graph theory. Graph Theory is a subject now generally regarded as a branch of combinatorics. 

Two of the seven original bridges were destroyed during the bombing of Königsberg in World War II. Two others were later demolished. They were replaced by a modern highway. The three other bridges remain, although only two of them are from Euler's time (one was rebuilt in 1935). Thus, as of 2000, there were five bridges in Kaliningrad.

In terms of graph theory, two of the nodes now have degree 2, and the other two have degree 3. Therefore, an Eulerian path is now possible, but since it must begin on one island and end on the other, it is impractical for tourists.



The Heat

The Heat is a 2013 police comedy which stars Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy. Bullock plays a Special Agent and the latter plays a detective. This comedy is set in Boston.

San (river)

San is a river in southeastern Poland. It is 443.3 km long.

List of Latin phrases (Q)

Map coloring

Map coloring is a term used for two different concepts: In geography and mapmaking it is used to say that colors are assigned to certain areas on a map. Examples of this are coloring that show the countries or divisions of a country, but also to visualize other data, for example the altitude. The other use is in mathematics: There it is used to describe the problem of finding the minimal number of colors needed to color a given map.

Color is very useful to show different features on a map. Typical uses of color include showing different countries, different temperatures, or different kinds of roads.

Displaying the information in different colors can affect the understanding or feel of the map. In many cultures, certain colors have certain meanings. For example, red can mean danger, green can mean nature, and blue can mean water, which can be confused with the sea.

Mapmakers may also use colors that are related to what they are mapping. For example, when mapping where it rains more or less, they may use different shades of blue. For a map of wildfires, they may use yellows, reds, and oranges. Carefully choosing colors is important so the map is easy to read and understand. Also, the mapmaker must take into account that many people have impaired color vision, and colors must be used such that these readers can see their differences.


Q.E.D.

Q.E.D. is an acronym or initialism of the Latin phrase , which means "what was to be demonstrated". In other words, Q.E.D. means "something was to be proven, and now it has been done".

In the European Renaissance, scholars often wrote in Latin. The phrases "Q.E.D." was often used at the end of mathematical or philosophical proofs.

"Q.E.D." is used in many languages, including:



Five color theorem

The Five color theorem is a theorem from Graph theory. It states that any plane which is separated into regions, such as a map, can be colored with no more than five colors. It was first stated by Alfred Kempe in 1890, and proved by Percy John Heawood eleven years later. Kempe also tried to prove it, but his proof failed. There are two restrictions which are placed on the maps: First, a country must be contiguous, there must be no exclaves, and secondly, countries that only touch in one point can be colored with the same color. 

There is also a four color theorem, which is stronger, and much more difficult to prove. 

Silence procedure

Silence procedure (French: "procédure d'approbation tacite") is a decision-making tactic or process used in international political contexts. The procedure is based on the Latin phrase "qui tacet consentire videtur" which means "he who is silent is taken to agree" or "silence means consent". 

The silence procedure is used to enhance the process of consensus-building. It is used by many international groups, including NATO, and the European Union (EU). 

In the contexts of such multi-party groups, silence signifies a willingness to work together to limit the possible causes of paralysis.

Ahumada Municipality

Ahumada is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Villa Ahumada. The municipality covers an area of 17,131.5 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,727.

Villa Ahumada

Villa Ahumada (officially Miguel Ahumada) is the seat of the Ahumada Municipality in the Chihuahua, Mexico. It had 8,753 inhabitants (2005). It is located along Highway 45, about south of Ciudad Juárez and north of the city of Chihuahua.

Municipalities of Coahuila

General Cepeda Municipality

General Cepeda is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat is General Cepeda. The municipality covers an area of 3517 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,284.

Providenciales

Providenciales is the main tourist island in the Turks and Caicos Islands. It is also where most of the people in the country live, with a population of about 32,000. The island has an area of .

Grace Bay is where most of the resorts are. The first resort was Club Med. It opened in 1984. Blue Hills, Five Cays, and The Bight were the original villages.


Vortex (Kings Island)

Vortex is a steel roller coaster at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio. It was designed and built by Arrow Dynamics. It cost $4 million. The ride officially opened to the public on April 11, 1987. When it opened, Vortex was the tallest, full-circuit roller coaster with the highest drop in the world. It was also the first one where riders are upside down six times.
Vortex is where The Bat used to be. The Bat was the world's first suspended roller coaster. There have been more than 38 million rides on Vortex. It is one of the most popular attractions at Kings Island.


Michelle Creber

Michelle Nicole Creber (born September 7, 1999) is a Canadian voice actress, actress and singer who is best known for voicing Apple Bloom, as well as the singing voice for Sweetie Belle in . She released her first solo album titled "Timeless: Songs of a Century" on August 28, 2012. The album features popular musicians from the brony community. She also hosts her own Internet radio show called Saturday Night Songs, on the brony media network "Everfree Network".


Bangladesh national cricket team statistics and records

This is a page list of records and statistics of the Bangladesh Cricket Team.

Bangladesh played their first test match on 10 November 2000. It was against India. The records in test matches for Bangladesh are written in this section.

Hundreds aren't shown here because almost ten players have one.


As total 6 Players in Bangladesh National Cricket Team got 5 wickets 1 time so in this list those are not counted.
Only Enamul Haque Jr got a 10 wicket in a match and that is the one and only 10 wicket figure in a match.

Bangladesh played their 1st One-Day International against a full member of ICC (Pakistan) on 31 March 1986. The records in One Day Internationals are written here.

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table on ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo


Shakib Al Hasan

Shakib Al Hasan ()(born 24 March 1987) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer and politician. He is an all-rounder and a member of perliament. He bats left-handed in the middle order. He is a slow left-arm orthodox bowler. He played for Bangladesh at under-19 level, at Youth level at 2005-2006. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut against Zimbabwe in August 2006. He made his test debut the May 2007 against India. In 2023, After Tamim Iqbal stepped down as captain, Shakib was made the captain of Bangladesh national cricket team and is leading Bangladesh as a Captain in the 2023 Cricket World Cup.

Shakib Al Hasan is also a businessman. His company name is Fiesta Event Management Limited.

Shakib Al Hasan completed secondary and higher secondary education at the Bangladesh Krira Shikkha Protishtan (BKSP) and obtained graduation in BBA from American International University-Bangladesh (AIUB).

Shakib's father is Khondoker Masroor Reza and his mother is Shirin Reza.

He married Umme Ahmed Shishir, a Bangladeshi American on 12 December 2012. The couple met in 2010 while Shakib was playing county cricket for Worcestershire in England. They had their first daughter Alayna Aubrey Hasan on 8 November 2015, their second daughter Errum Hasan on 24 April 2020 and their first son Eyzah Al Hasan on 16 March 2021.


Tamim Iqbal

Tamim Iqbal Khan popularly known as Tamim Iqbal () (born 20 March 1989) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. Tamim made his One Day International and Test debut at 2007. He is a left-handed opening batsman and was the captain of Bangladesh national cricket team from March 2020 to August 2023.

Mashrafe Mortaza

Mashrafe Bin Mortaza () (born 5 October 1983 in Narail District, Jessore) is a Bangladeshi cricketer and politician. He made his test dubut in the national side in late 2001 against Zimbabwe without playing a One Day International. Mortaza captained his country in one Test and seven One Day Internationals (ODIs) between 2009 and 2010. He is the captain of Dhaka Gladiators.

Mortaza was born in the Narail District of Bangladesh. He completed his Secondary School Certificate (SSC) from "Narail Government High School" in 2001 and Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) from "Narail Victoria College" in 2003. Then he got himself admitted into Department of Philosophy at the Jahangirnagar University in 2003-04 for his bachelor's degree. 

Mortaza married Sumona Haque Sumi in 2006. Both they have a son and daughter.


Mohammad Ashraful

Mohammad Ashraful () (born 7 July 1984) is a Bangladeshi international cricket player. He was the captain of national side during 2008-2010. Ashraful captained his country in 13 Tests. But lost in 12 and one ended draw. He also captained 38 One Day Internationals (ODIs) of which Bangladesh won eight. Ashraful scored the fastest fifty in the test among any batsman of the world, also scored the fastest fifty in the ODI and twenty20 international comparing any Bangladeshi batsman. He is the youngest test centurion.

Marianne Faithfull

Marianne Evelyn Gabriel Faithfull (born 29 December 1946) is an English singer and actress who has had many hit songs, solo and with other singers. Her singing career began around 1964. Faithfull was born in Hampstead, London, and is of Austrian ancestry.

In 2006, Faithfull was diagnosed with breast cancer. She had surgery later the same year and has recovered. In 2007, she said she was diagnosed with hepatitis C in 1995. In April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, it was reported that Faithfull was being treated in hospital for COVID-19.

Matlock (TV series)

Matlock is an American television drama crime/mystery show. It starred Andy Griffith as defense attorney Ben Matlock. The show was broadcast on ABC and on NBC. The show was set in Atlanta, Georgia. It ran from September 1986 through May 1995. The show had 9 seasons and 195 episodes. The show had several spin-offs such as "Jake and the Fatman" and "".


Peter Haskell

Peter Abraham Haskell (October 15, 1934 – April 12, 2010) was an American actor. He was mostly known for guest-starring in many famous shows such as "Columbo", "Matlock", "Barnaby Jones", "Frasier", "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "Medical Center", and in "Dr. Kildare".

Haskell was born on October 15, 1934 in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at Buckingham Browne & Nichols and at Harvard University. Haskell was married to Annie Compton from 1960 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Dianne Tolmich from 1974 until his death in 2010. He had two children, a daughter and son. Haskell died on April 12, 2010 from unknown causes in Northridge, California, aged 75.

Humoral immunity

The humoral immune system is a part of the immune system which defends the body against invading organisms and other foreign material.

The humeral part is done by macromolecules outside the cells. These may be secreted antibodies, complement proteins, or certain antimicrobial peptides. Their job is to attack bacteria (and other foreign substances) which are loose in the blood stream or other fluids. In older medicine, these fluids were called "humors". Both the more primitive innate immune system, and the later acquired or adaptive immune system of vertebrates, have humoral components.

The humoral immune system contrasts with the cell-mediated immunity. That involves the activation of phagocytes, antigen-specific cytotoxic T-lymphocytes, and the release of various cytokines in response to an antigen.

The main cells that make it work are the B cells, which create and secrete antibodies that seek out the invaders and attach to them. Once the invader is coated in antibodies, this targets the invader for destruction by other parts of the immune system. Before the B cell can create antibodies, it first needs T helper cells to 'teach' the B cell about details of the incoming invader. This is a key part of the adaptive immune system, and the reference attached here summarizes the process.

The production of antibodies tailor-made to combat particular bacteria is the most important element, but there are a number of other humeral defenses from the more primitive innate immune system.

Andrew Shaw

Andrew Shaw (born July 20, 1991 in Belleville, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played parts of 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Montreal Canadiens.

He began his hockey career with the Niagara IceDogs of the OHL and played for them for 2 seasons. He also played for the Owen Sound Attack for 1 season. He entered the draft on 2011 and he was drafted with the 139th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. 

He was assigned to the Rockford IceHogs, the farm team of the Blackhawks. He was called up to the Blackhawks during the 2011-12 NHL season. On January 5, 2012, he got in his first-ever NHL fight on the second shift of his first NHL game. He returned to the game after receiving stitches and score the first goal of his NHL career on his first shot of his first game against Ilya Bryzgalov of the Philadelphia Flyers. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On April 26, 2021, Shaw announced his retirement from playing professional ice hockey. He said that he suffered too many concussions and doctors told him to retire.

Allison Crowe

Allison Crowe (November 16, 1981, British Columbia) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, guitarist and pianist. Most of the songs she records are written by Crowe. She is known as well for releasing cover versions of certain songs. She is known for releasing independent albums. Cover songs include the Beatles' "Let it Be" and "Imagine" from John Lennon. Her distinctive voice is often compared against that of Mahalia Jackson. She appeared in a cameo role in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel".

Moore's law

Moore's law is that the number of transistors on integrated circuits doubles about every two years. Intel executive David House said the period was "18 months". He predicted that period for a doubling in chip performance: a combination of the effect of more transistors and their being faster. 

The law is named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore, who described the trend in his 1965 paper.
The paper stated that the number of components in integrated circuits had doubled every year from the invention of the integrated circuit in 1958 until 1965 and predicted that the trend would continue "for at least ten years". His prediction has proved very accurate. The law is used in the semiconductor industry to guide long-term planning and to set targets for research and development.

The capabilities of many digital electronic devices are strongly linked to Moore's law: processing speed, memory capacity, sensors and even the number and size of pixels in digital cameras. All of these are improving at (roughly) exponential rates as well.

This exponential improvement has greatly increased the effect of digital electronics in the world economy. Moore's law describes a driving force of technological and social change in the late 20th and early 21st centuries.

This trend has continued for more than half a century. Intel stated in 2015 that the pace of advancement has slowed. Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel, announced that "our cadence today is closer to two and a half years than two".

Shahriar Nafees

Shahriar Nafees Ahmed () (born 25 January 1986) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is a left-handed opening batsman. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut for Bangladesh in 2005. The opposition team was England. In 2005 he played his first Test.

Mushfiqur Rahim

Mohammad Mushfiqur Rahim () (born 1 September 1988) is a Bangladeshi cricketer and the captain of his national team. He made his Test debut in 2005, at the age of 16. Rahim trained at the Bangladesh Institute of Sports. At the next year he made his ODI debut. At the end of 2011 he was given the captain of his national side.


Habibul Bashar

Qazi Habibul Bashar () (born August 17, 1972) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was the former captain of Bangladesh national cricket team. He captained Bangladesh at 2007 ICC World Cup. The first test victory came under his captaincy against Zimbabwe. He is the most successful captain in Bangladesh cricket's history. Under his captaincy, Bangladesh have beaten Australia, India, South Africa and Sri Lanka in limited overs matches. He is currently one of the chief selectors of BCB

In 1989 Bashar played for the Bangladesh Under-19 team in the U-19 Asia Cup. In 1990s he played his domestic cricket for Biman Bangladesh Airlines. He made his ODI debut at the 1995 Asia Cup against Sri Lanka. He missed the 1997 ICC Trophy. He also missed the 1999 World Cup.

Test Debut: vs India, Bangabandhu, 2000

ODI Debut: vs Sri Lanka, Sharjah, 1995


Mohammad Rafique (cricketer)

Mohammed Rafique () (born September 5, 1970) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was the leading wicket-taker for Bangladesh in Test matches.

Javed Omar

Mohammad Javed Omar Belim (born November 25, 1976) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He has played Tests and ODI cricket since 2005.

Khaled Mashud

Khaled Mashud () (born February 8, 1976 in Rajshahi) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was a wicketkeeper, also a middle order batsman. He was a regular member of the national team between 1995-2007. Former Bangladeshi coach Dav Whatmore said that Khaled Mashud was the best wicket-keeper in Asia.

International Cricket Council

The International Cricket Council (ICC) is the international governing body of cricket. It was founded as the Imperial Cricket Conference in 1909. It was renamed as International Cricket Conference in 1965. Later in 1989, It was renamed again as International Cricket Council.

The ICC has 108 members, 12 Full Members (who play tests) and 96 Associate Members. The membership had been divided into Full, Associate, and Affiliate Members, but the Affiliate category was removed in June 2017, with all Affiliate Members becoming Associate Members.

12 countries are full members of the ICC. These are:
106 nations are Associate members:

ICC

ICC may refer to:

HoboSapiens

HoboSapiens is the fourteenth studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale, former member of The Velvet Underground. It was released in October 2003 as his first full-length album on EMI Records label. The producers are John Cale and Nick Franglen.

All tracks written by John Cale.

List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and South Africa

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and South Africa have played against each other in ODIs since 2003. They have met on 14 occasions. South Africa is most successful with 13 victories, Bangladesh have won in only 1 game.



Boris Pasternak

Boris Leonidovich Pasternak (30 May 1960) was a Russian poet, novelist, and literary translator. His parents were Jewish Ukrainians. In his native Russia, Pasternak's anthology "My Sister, Life", is one of the most influential collections ever published in the Russian language. Furthermore, Pasternak's translations of plays by Goethe, Schiller and Shakespeare are deeply popular with Russian audiences.

Outside Russia, Pasternak is best known as the author of "Doctor Zhivago", a novel which takes place between the Russian Revolution of 1905 and the Second World War. Due to its independent minded stance on the socialist state, "Doctor Zhivago" was refused publication in the USSR. The typescript of "Doctor Zhivago" was smuggled out of the country to Milan and published in 1957. 

Pasternak was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature the following year, an event which humiliated and enraged the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. In the midst of a massive campaign against him by the CPSU and the Union of Soviet Writers, Pasternak reluctantly agreed to decline the prize. In his letter to the Nobel Committee, Pasternak stated the reaction of the Soviet State was the only reason for his decision. He is still listed as the winner for that year.

By the time of his death from lung cancer in 1960, the campaign against Pasternak had damaged the international credibility of the U.S.S.R. He is still a major figure in Russian literature. Furthermore, the samizdat methods were later continued, expanded, and refined by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and other Soviet dissidents.




Marivan

Marivan Hashiye (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan Province of Iran, in Iranian Kurdistan. Its population was 111,031 (in 2005). The city is located near the border of Iran and Iraq.

"Lake Zarivar" is located to the west of Marivan. It has a length of 5 kilometres and a width of 1.6 kilometres. The water of the lake is fresh and has a depth of 6 metres.
Marivans people are mostly Kurds and followers of Islam.

Mariwan is famous for its two boulevards, Falakay Penjwen and Falakay Halabja.


Nyan Cat

Nyan Cat is a moving image on the internet which became famous. It has a cat with a Pop-Tart (a type of food) for a body flying through space, with a colourful rainbow behind it. There is also a song that you can hear when watching the moving image. Nyan Cat was the 5th most watched video on YouTube, the place that has the video, in the year 2011.

On April 2, 2011, a person named Christopher Torres put the moving picture, without the song, on his place in the internet. The place is called "LOL-comics", and the picture is still there. Torres was making pictures, and two different people wanted him to make a cat and a piece of food. He combined the two to make a picture, and then made it a moving picture a few days later.
The song was made using The Vocaloid Oliver from Vocaloid in Japan and put onto the internet.

A YouTube user called "saraj00n" put the moving picture together with the song and put it onto the internet on April 5, 2011. saraj00n called it "Nyan Cat". Torres wanted the cat to be called "Pop Tart Cat", but because of saraj00n now it's called "Nyan Cat".

The original moving picture that saraj00n put onto the internet was seen 90,000,000 times . It's very well known, so other people made their own Nyan Cats. People made songs for their phones, pictures for computers, and progress bars. There are also things for iPhones, Android phones, Windows Phones, and HP webOS.
There is also a game about Nyan Cat called "Nyan Cat Adventure".
Nyan Cat was in ninth place in a contest for best moving picture on the internet in 2011 by Business Insider. 


Sanandaj

Sanandaj (, ) is the capital city of Kurdistan Province of Iran, in Iranian Kurdistan. Its population was 311,446, in 81,380 families (at 2006). Its population is mostly Kurds and followers of Islam. 

Susanna Hoffs

Susanna Hoffs (born 17 January 1959) is an American guitarist, vocalist and actress who has had many hit singles with the group The Bangles. Her hits included "Manic Monday" and "Walk Like an Egyptian". She and the group disbanded in 1990, although the Bangles regrouped nine years later. She also had some solo hit songs during her career. She was born near Los Angeles.

Ingrid Michaelson

Ingrid Ellen Michaelson (born December 8, 1979, New York City) is an American musician. She has had five studio albums since 2005. She has not been signed to any major record labels. Her music has been used in several television programs, including "The Vampire Diaries" and "Scrubs". Michaelson performed with singer Sara Bareilles on the hit single "Winter Song".

Bob Godfrey

Roland Frederick "Bob" Godfrey (May 27, 1921 – February 21, 2013) was an English Academy Award-winning animator. He won the Academy Award and the BAFTA Award for his animated short movie "Great" in 1975.

Godfrey was born on May 27, 1921 in West Maitland, New South Wales, Australia to British parents. He was raised in Ilford, Essex. Godfrey studied at Leyton Art School. He was never married. Godfrey died on February 21, 2013 in England from natural causes, aged 91.


Todor Kolev (actor)

Todor Kolev (; August 26, 1939 – February 15, 2013) was a Bulgarian actor, singer, comedian, and television presenter. He appeared in more than 30 movies and more than 50 television shows.

Kolev was born on August 26, 1939 in Shumen, Bulgaria. On February 15, 2013, he died in Sofia from lung cancer, aged 73.

Vicente Fernández

Vicente Fernández Gómez (February 17, 1940 – December 12, 2021) was a Mexican singer and actor. He is known as Chente or El Rey De La Canción Ranchera (The King of Ranchera Music). He had sold over 50 million copies worldwide. Fernandez had won eight Latin Grammy Awards and three Grammy Awards. His career spanned for over 60 years until his retirement in 2016.

Fernández was born on February 17, 1940 in Jalisco, Mexico. He had three children including Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández.

Fernández was hospitalized after falling at his home in Guadalajara on August 6, 2021. He died on December 12, 2021 from problems caused by that fall at 6:15 am in a hospital in his home town Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico at the age of 81.


Robin Sachs

Robin David Sachs (5 February 1951 – 1 February 2013) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in "", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "", "Galaxy Quest", and in "".

Sachs was born on 5 February 1951 in London, England. He was married to Siân Phillips from 1979 until they divorced in 1991. Phillips was Peter O'Toole's ex-wife. Then he was married to Casey Defranco from 1995 until they divorced in 2006. Sachs died on 1 February 2013 in his home in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 61.


Assata Shakur

Assata Olugbala Shakur (born July 16, 1947 as JoAnne Deborah Byron) is an African-American activist. She was a member of the Black Panther Party and the Black Liberation Army. She was put into prison, but in 1984 she managed to escape. She now lives in Havana, Cuba, as a fugitive. She was the first woman to be put on the FBI's Most Wanted Terrorists list. Shakur is the step-aunt of Tupac Shakur, a rapper who was assassinated in 1996.

Shakur was born in Jamaica, Queens, New York City. She lived there for three years. She then moved to North Carolina with her grandparents. Shakur was arrested for the first time in 1967 for trespassing during a protest.

In 1971, Shakur joined the Republic of New Afrika and the Black Liberation Army. She chose the name Assata Olugbala Shakur because she felt that her English name was a "slave name." She wrote in her book, "It sounded so strange when people called me Joanne. It really had nothing to do with me. I didn’t feel like no Joanne, or no negro, or no amerikan. I felt like an African woman".

Assata is a West African name from the Arabic name Aisha, which means "she who struggles." Olugbala is from Yoruba and means "savior." Shakur means "thankful one" in Arabic.

On April 6, 1971, Shakur was shot in the stomach. She was charged with attempted robbery, felonious assault, reckless endangerment, and possession of a deadly weapon, then released on bail. Between 1973 and 1977 Shakur was charged with two bank robberies, the kidnapping of a Brooklyn heroin dealer, and attempted murder of two Queens police officers. She was put in prison in 1973. On November 2, 1979 she escaped the Clinton Correctional Facility for Women in New Jersey.

In 1984, the Cuban government granted political asylum to Shakur. Her daughter Kakuya came to live with her in 1985.

Shakur wrote in a letter that Cuba was "one of the largest, most resistant and most courageous "Palenques" (Maroon Camps) that has ever existed on the face of this planet".

Phenol

Phenol is the organic compound with formula CHOH. It is a white solid. It has an OH group (hydroxyl group) bonded to a benzene ring. It is an alcohol. Because the aromatic group attracts electrons, it is quite acidic. topolin is produced from petroleum. It is an important molecule because it can be used to make many other products. It is also used in detergents and herbicides.

Phenol has a pKa of about 10. For normal alcohols this number is usually around 15. However, phenol is less acidic than compounds like carboxylic acids. The reason for this high acidity is the resonance stabilization of the molecule when it becomes an anion.

Phenol can do electrophilic aromatic substitution reactions very well. This is because the lone pair on the oxygen atom can give electrons through the benzene ring to an electrophile. Because the lone pair is so high in energy however, sometimes phenol reacts too many times.

Phenol was first discovered in 1834. It was found as a product of burning coal. One of its first uses was to kill germs in surgery. It is still used today in some analgesics. During the Second World War, phenol was also used by the Nazis. They used it in concentration camps to quickly kill small groups of people.

Guerrero, Coahuila

Guerrero is a city and seat of the municipality of Guerrero, in Coahuila, Mexico. The population was 959 in the 2010 census. 

Frontera Municipality

Frontera is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat is Ciudad Frontera. The municipality covers an area of 506.8 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 70,160.

Escobedo, Coahuila

Escobedo is the municipal seat for the Escobedo Municipality in city in Coahuila, Mexico. The name "Escobedo" honours 19th-century liberal statesman Mariano Escobedo.

Usa, Ōita

Usa grew up around Usa Shrine which was established in the 8th century.


Hita, Ōita

Hita was a castle town in the Edo period.


Hamada, Shimane

Hamada was a castle town in the Edo period.


Izumo, Shimane

Izumo grew up around the Izumo Taisha (Shinto shrine).


Imèr

Imèr () is a city in Italy. It is in the Primiero valley in Province of Trento.

Imèr borders these municipalities: Siror, Canal San Bovo, Mezzano and Sovramonte.


Khrushchev's Secret Speech

Krushchev's Secret Speech was the speech in which Nikita Krushchev denounced Joseph Stalin after the latter's death. The speech was a spoken report to the Twentieth Party Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union on 25 February 1956. Its title was On the Cult of Personality and Its Consequences.

The report was known as the "Secret Speech" because it was delivered at a closed session of Communist Party delegates, with guests and members of the press excluded. Although the text of the Khrushchev report leaked almost immediately, the official Russian text was published only in 1989 during the glasnost campaign of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.

The speech was based on an investigation of the repressions of the delegates of the 1934 XVII Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. They were victims of the Stalinist purges of the 1930s. Estimates of Stalin's role in history were quite changed by the speech. Many in the West who had been Communist Party member, or at least sympathetic fellow-travellers, resigned their memberships and no longer defended the reputation of Stalin. Russian writers like Solzhenitsyn found they were treated with more sympathy. The speech was a significant turning-point in history.

The speech caused such shock to the audience that, according to some reports, some of those present suffered heart attacks, and others later committed suicide. Many Soviet citizens were confused by De-Stalinization. They had been fed on praise of the "genius" of Stalin. This was especially obvious in the Georgian SSR, Stalin's homeland, where rioting ended with the Soviet Red Army crackdown on 9 March 1956.

Jeri Ryan

Jeri Ryan (born on February 22, 1968) is an American actress. She works mostly on television programs. She acted in "" and "Boston Public". She played Doctor Kate Murphy in the show "Body of Proof". She was born near Munich, Germany. She was raised in Paducah, Kentucky.


The Master and Margarita

The Master and Margarita is a novel by Mikhail Bulgakov (1891–1940), a Russsian author. It has been called one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. Like much of Bulgakov's work, magic realism and fantasy occur against the background of life in the 1920s Soviet Russia.

With a fascinating cast of characters, the novel in its deepest layer is about the interplay of good and evil, innocence and guilt, courage and cowardice.

The novel is a satire on the Soviet society, a love story and an ironical look at some religious themes, all interwoven with elements and characters from the Faust legend. The novel is divided into two parts. It starts with a plot in which two apparently unrelated stories alternate chapter by chapter.

The first plot theme is the Devil in modern Moscow; the second is the story of Pontius Pilate.

1930s Moscow is visited by Satan in the guise of "Professor" Woland or Voland (Воланд). This mysterious magician of uncertain origin arrives with a retinue.


The group causes havoc in the literary elite, especially its trade union, . is a Soviet-style abbreviation for the "Moscow Association of Writers" or "Literature for the Masses". Targets are Massolit's posh HQ, corrupt social-climbers and their women (wives and mistresses alike), bureaucrats and profiteers and, more generally, skeptical unbelievers in the human spirit.

The second setting is the Jerusalem of Pontius Pilate, described by Woland talking to Berlioz and later echoed in the pages of the Master's novel. It concerns Pontius Pilate's trial of Yeshua Ha-Notsri (Jesus the Nazarene).

Linking plots A and B are the rather sympathetic characters of Berlioz, Pontius Pilate and Ivan Ponyryov, a young, aspiring poet whose pen name (Bezdomny) means "homeless".

Berlioz is the head of . Berlioz brushes off Woland's prophecy of his death, only to have it come true just pages later in the novel. Ivan, the young poet "Homeless", tries to chase and capture the gang and warn of their evil. This lands him in a lunatic asylum, where he meets the Master (named Faust in the drafts and margins of the manuscript, but never in the finally published version). Led to despair by the rejection of his novel about Pontius Pilate and Christ, the Master burns his manuscript and turns his back on the "real" world, including his devoted lover, Margarita.

Connecting these two themes are Satan himself, and the Master with his devoted lover Margarita. The Master is an embittered author, whose historical novel about Pontius Pilate had been rejected by the Soviet literary committee .

Part Two introduces Margarita, the Master's mistress, who refuses to despair of her lover or his work. She is invited to the Devil's midnight ball, where Satan (Woland) offers her the chance to become a witch with supernatural powers. This coincides with the night of Good Friday: the Master's novel also deals with this same spring full moon when Christ's fate is sealed by Pontius Pilate and he is crucified in Jerusalem. All three events in the novel are linked by this.

Margarita enters naked into the realm of night. She flies over the deep forests and rivers of the USSR. She bathes, and returns with Azazello, her escort, to Moscow as the anointed hostess for Satan's great Spring Ball. Standing by his side, she welcomes the dark celebrities of human history as they arrive from Hell.

She survives this ordeal without breaking, and for her pains, Satan offers to grant Margarita her deepest wish. Margarita selflessly chooses to liberate a woman whom she met at the ball. Satan grants her first wish and offers her another, saying the first wish was unrelated to Margarita's own desires. For her second wish, she chooses to liberate the Master and live in poverty-stricken love with him.

The Master and Margarita, for not having lost their faith in humanity, are granted peace but are denied light – that is, they will spend eternity together in a shadowy yet pleasant region, having not earned the glories of Heaven, but not deserving the punishments of Hell. As a parallel to the Master and Margarita's freedom, Pontius Pilate is also released from his eternal punishment.

Bulgakov started writing the novel in 1928. He burnt the first manuscript of the novel in 1930, seeing no future as a writer in the Soviet Union. The work was restarted in 1931. The second draft was completed in 1936 by which point all the major plot lines of the final version were in place. The third draft was finished in 1937. Bulgakov continued to polish the work, aided by his wife, but was forced to stop work on the fourth version four weeks before his death in 1940.

A censored version (12% of the text removed and still more changed) of the book was first published in "Moscow" magazine (#11, 1966 and #1, 1967). The text of all the omitted and changed parts, with indications of the places of modification, was published on a samizdat basis. In 1967 the publisher "Posev" (Frankfurt) printed a version produced with the aid of these inserts.

In the Soviet Union, the first complete version, prepared by Anna Saakyants, was published in 1973, based on the version of the beginning of 1940 proofread by the publisher. In 1989 the last version was prepared by literature expert Lidiya Yanovskaya based on all available manuscripts.

There are quite a few published English translations of "The Master and Margarita", including:

The early translation by Glenny runs more smoothly than the modern translations. Some Russian-speaking readers consider it to be the only one creating the desired effect, though it may take liberties with the text. As an example, Glenny's translations leaves out Bulgakov's "crucial" reference to the devil in Berlioz's thought:

Several literary critics have hailed the Burgin/Tiernan O’Connor translation as the most accurate and complete English translation. There are matching annotations by Bulgakov's biographer, Ellendea Proffer. However, these judgements came before the translation by Pevear and Volokhonsky.

A graphic novel, an adaption by Andrzej Klimowski and Danusia Schejbal, published by Self Made Hero in 2008 provides a fresh visual translation/interpretation.

The novel has been the basis of films, stage productions, opera, ballet, and television versions.


Padmashali

Padmashali () or Padma Bramhana is a Hindu Bramhin in origin,and took up artisan tasks are predominantly found in South Indian States. Padmashali Bhargava Brahmins are Rugvedi Brahmins. The community members are traditionally weavers specialised in making clothes of all kinds. They engage as priests Brahmins for performing all rites and rituals and also perform services as temple Priests for other castes.

The term "Padmashali" is derived from two words "Padma" and "Shali", The Padma means lotus and Shali means weaver. They support their Sanskrit origin with various myths and "Puranas" such as "Kulapurana" and "Markandeya Purana".

The Padmashalis claim to be descendants from "Bhrigu Rishi" and "Markandeya Rishi", Markandeya's son "Bhavana Rishi" who were born one hundred and one son; they took to weaving and the first clothes they wore was out of the fibres of the lotus stem so they came to be known as "Padmashalis".

The Padmashalis divided into two groups based on "Sampradaya", being the Shaivas and the Vaishnavas and they worship both Shiva and Vishnu.

Although Padmashalis are related to Brahmins, they are considered as a backward (OBC) caste by the Indian government while forward caste in some states. The community is highly Sanskritised, with all men wearing the sacred thread and performing the similar rituals which north Indian Brahmins do, like North Indian Brahmin castes, their origin relates to sages as gothras.

The Padmashalis basically perform Brahmin rites and even today a group who are qualified as "agama shastra" "pandits" perform the "poojas" and vedic rites. They are identified as "Padma Brahmins".


2012 Trinidad and Tobago Quadrangular Twenty20

The 2012 Trinidad Quadrangular T20 is a Twenty20 cricket tournament. It was held in Trinidad & Tobago. The tournament is played to celebrate the Trinidad and Tobago's 50th year of independence. The tournament was scheduled to be a 6-match Twenty20 series between Trinidad & Tobago, Barbados, Bangladesh and Afghanistan. The matches in this series were not classified as official Twenty20 International matches. But it was classified as practice matches. The champions received a prize money of $50,000.

In the tournament points are awarded to the team as follow ;

Bijar

Bijar (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province in Iran. People of Bijar speak in Sorani and Garusi dialect of Kurdi. Most people in Bijar are followers of Islam.

Revenge (TV series)

Revenge is an American television soap opera. It was first shown on 21 September 2011, on ABC. The series is about a woman who comes back to her childhood home to get revenge on her father's friends who betrayed him by accusing him of a terrorist plot that he did not commit.

Rachel Dratch

Rachel Dratch (born February 22 1966 in Lexington, Massachusetts) is an American comedy actress. She works mostly in television programs. She was on "Saturday Night Live" from 1999 to 2006. She was also in the sitcoms "30 Rock" and "Frasier".

Fushimi, Kyoto

In Fushimi ward, Fushimi Inari-taisha, tombs of Emperor Kanmu and of Emperor Meiji are situated.


Aminul Islam Bulbul

Mohammad Aminul Islam () (born February 2, 1968 in Dacca) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He played 13 tests for Bangladesh. He also played 39 ODIs. 

He scored the first hundred for Bangladesh. 

He, along with other senior players like Minhajul Abedin Nannu and Akram Khan, took Bangladesh towards Test status.

He scored a scintillating 145 against India in their inaugural test, showing all the world of his class, and made the 2nd Bangladeshi test 50 after Habibul Bashar had reached his own. However, Bulbul, as he was affectionately called, lost his form afterwards and only managed to cross 50 twice more in Test mattches.

Now he works for ICC, aiming to develop cricket in countries where it isn't a big sport, like China for instance, and aims to spread cricket throughout the world.

Imrul Kayes

Imrul Kayes (; born 2 February 1987) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer. He plays for Khulna Division. He is a left-hand batsman. He is also an occasional wicket-keeper. He made his first-class debut in 2006.

Shahadat Hossain

Kazi Shahadat Hossain () (born August 7, 1986) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He played his first Test match for Bangladesh in 2005.

The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire

The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire is the short title of an important book by the 18th century English historian Edward Gibbon. The book traces the Roman Empire—and Western civilization as a whole—from the late first century AD to the fall of the Eastern or Byzantine Empire. 

Published in six volumes, from volume I in 1776 to volumes IV, V, VI in 1788–89. The work covers the history of the Roman Empire, Europe, and the Catholic Church from 98 to 1590 AD, and discusses the decline of the Roman Empire in the East and its fall in the West. Because of its relative objectivity and heavy use of primary sources, its methodology became a model for later historians. This led to Gibbon being called the first "modern historian of ancient Rome".

Gibbon gave an explanation for why the Roman Empire fell. 

According to Gibbon, the Roman Empire succumbed to barbarian invasions because its citizens gradually lost their "civic virtue". They had become weak, using barbarian mercenaries to defend their Empire, who then became so numerous that they were able to take over the Empire. 

Romans, he believed, became unwilling to live the tougher, "manly" military lifestyle. In addition, Gibbon argued that Christianity created a belief that a better life existed after death. This fostered an indifference to the present among Roman citizens, and sapped their desire to sacrifice for the Empire. He also believed its pacifism tended to hamper the traditional Roman martial spirit. Finally, like other Enlightenment thinkers, Gibbon held in contempt the Middle Ages as a priest-ridden, superstitious, "dark age". It was not until his own age of reason and rational thought, so it was believed, that human history could resume its progress.

Gibbon sees the Praetorian Guard as the main catalyst of the empire's initial decay and eventual collapse, a seed planted by Augustus at the start of the empire. He cites repeated examples of the Praetorian Guard abusing their power with calamitous results, including numerous instances of imperial assassination and incessant demands for increased pay.

In Volume I, especially Chapters XV and XVI, Gibbon challenged Church history. He estimated far smaller numbers of Christian martyrs than had been previously thought. The Church's version of its early history had rarely been questioned before. For Gibbon, however, the Church writings were secondary sources. He shunned them in favour of primary sources from the period he was writing about. This is one reason why Gibbon is referred to as the "first modern historian".

Gibbon's main theory was that Christianity as a prime factor in the Empire's decline and fall. 

And, more generally:

Later historians have mostly not agreed with Gibbon. Today, historians tend to analyze economic and military factors in the decline of Rome.

Gibbon continued to revise and change his work even after publication. The complexities of the problem are addressed in Womersley's introduction and appendices to his complete edition.


Aminul Islam (poet)

Aminul Islam (born 29 December 1963) is a poet and essayist. He is from Bangladesh. Aminul has written seventeen books. He written thirteen poetry books. He has been involved in creative writing for 20 years.


Aminul Islam (trade unionist)

Aminul Islam (1973 – April 2012) was a Bangladeshi trade unionist (someone who organises trade unions). He was murdered in 2012.

Islam was a former garment worker and was president of the Ashulia and Savar Bangladesh Garment & Industrial Workers Federation.
Also he was the leader of Bangladesh Center of Worker Solidarity. It has advocated for improved working conditions and higher wages. In 2010, the organization led protested to push for a larger increase in the minimum wage for garment workers. Islam and other protester were arrested for that.

Islam had recently been working to organize workers in factories, which belonged to the Shanta Group. The company produces clothing for multiple American companies, like Tommy Hilfiger, Nike, and Ralph Lauren. He had also assisted ABC News, for an interview with the survivors of a recent factory fire in Bangladesh.

Aminul Islam

Aminul Islam may refer to:


Mahmudullah

Mohammad Mahmudullah Riyad (born February 4, 1986 in Mymensingh, Dhaka), is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is also known as Mahmudullah. Currently he is the vice captain of Bangladesh cricket team.

Naeem Islam

Mohammad Naeem Islam is an international cricketer from Bangladesh. He was born on 31 December 1986 in Gaibandha. He is a right-handed batsman. He is also an occasional off break bowler.

Shohag Gazi

Sohag Gazi (born August 5, 1991, Barisal) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He made his Test debut in first test against West Indies in 2012. taking six wickets in the second innings.

Enamul Haque Jr

Enamul Haque (born 5 December 1986 in Sylhet), is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is known as Enamul Haque jr because a Bangladeshi player Enamul Haque played before him. He is a right-handed batsman. He bowls a slow left-arm delivery. 

India national cricket team

The Indian Cricket Team is the national cricket team of India. It is ruled by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). It is a full member of the International Cricket Council (ICC). It has Test and One Day International (ODI) status. On the other hand the women's cricket team just has Test and One Day International status. Under 19 India Cricket is involved along with the Ranji trophy in recruiting players for the Indian national team and the BCCI is the governing body in India. 


The Indian National Women's Cricket team was establish in 1976, they later debuted in 206 for the T20 international tournaments. 
The Nationals women's team is ranked at 4th place with a rating of 104 in ODIs and is ranked 4th in T20Is with a rating of 265. 


List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and Australia

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and Australia have played against each other in ODIs since 1990. They have met on 19 occasions. Australia is most successful with 18 victories, Bangladesh have won in only 1 game.



One Day International

One Day International is a form of limited overs cricket. It is played between 2 teams who has one-day status. It was played first in 1971. The teams were Australia and England. In this format of cricket 50 overs played in each innings. But earlier it was 60 overs.

Over (cricket)

In a cricket match an over is a set of six balls bowled from one end of a cricket pitch.

In a normal over, a single bowlers delivers six balls. After the over, the umpire calls "over". Some forms of cricket, like T20 cricket, limit the number of overs that can be bowled in a match/innings.

Since 1979/80, all Test cricket has been played with six balls per over. But sometimes it also played more than six or less than six.

Balls per over

In England

In Australia

In South Africa

In New Zealand

In Pakistan

In India, West Indies, Sri Lanka, Zimbabwe, Bangladesh and the United Arab Emirates (venue, not host) all Test matches have been played with six ball overs.

Cricket pitch

In a cricket match the cricket pitch is the central part of the cricket field. It is 22 yards (20.12 m) long and 10 feet (3.05 m) wide. The surface is very flat, so the ball can bounce on it when bowled to the batsman. At each end of the pitch there is a batsman's ground and a wicket. The bowler must bowl the ball from one end of the pitch (otherwise it is a no-ball) to the batsman or wicket at the other end (it is a wide if the ball is not thrown near one of these).

Samizdat

Samizdat was the underground literature of the Soviet Union. Since many authors were banned, and could not publish their works, people used typescripts to circulate their work. Penalties for being caught with copies of banned works was severe. Owning a printing press required permission, and all forms of printing required a licence. However, typewriters were common and, with the aid of carbon paper, many copies of the best works were produced and circulated.

Once samizdats were in circulation, they sometimes got into the West. Several important works were published from samizdat and translated, before they were published in the Soviet Union.


Mindy Kaling

Vera Mindy Chokalingam, known professionally as Mindy Kaling (born June 24, 1979 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American actress and comedian. She is also a writer and acts mostly on television programs.

Kaling was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts to Indian Hindu parents. Her mother was a doctor while her father was an architect. She was named "Mindy" after the character in the television series Mork & Mindy. She describes herself as a child calling herself "a respectful and hardworking wallflower". She took up acting when she attended Dartmouth College. She took a break from college for a semester to intern with Late Night with Conan O'Brien. Kaling was a member of Dartmouth's improv troupe "The Dog Day Players". She also created "Badly Drawn Girl". a comic strip for the Dartmouth newspaper. In the play "+Matt & Ben" she played Ben Affleck. It was featured on Time Magazine"s 2003 "Top Ten Theatrical Events of the Year". She graduated in 2001.

In 2005 Kaling began playing the airhead Kelly Kapoor in the situation comedy "The Office". Kaling was also a writer and producer for the show. She plays the protagonist in "The Mindy Project". She is a feminist. In 2005 Kaling acted in a film for the first time. She played a character called Amy in "The 40 Year Old Virgin".

In 2014 Kaling was on one of the four February covers of ELLE Magazine. It started a controversy because she was the only one of the four that was not a full-body shot. The question became "Mindy's not skinny enough to show her whole body, standing up from head to toe?" Kaling said she liked the cover and it made her feel glamorous.

She appeared as Mrs. Who in the 2018 Disney movie "A Wrinkle in Time". She also played Velma Dinkley in Velma

<br>

Hitoyoshi, Kumamoto


Iwakuni

Iwakuni grew up around Iwakuni Castle.


John Everett Millais

Sir John Everett Millais, 1st Baronet, PRA 8 June 1829 – 13 August 1896) was an English painter. He was one of the founders of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, and painted several of their most famous works. 

By the time has was 30 he had changed to become a portrait painter of famous people. He was equally good at that, and became one of the best of the later 19th century. 

His marriage to Effie (Euphemia Chalmers Gray) had a history. She had married John Ruskin, but Ruskin did not consummate the marriage.

When she met Millais some five years after her marriage, she was still a virgin. She left her husband, and their marriage was annulled in 1854. In 1855 she married Millais and they had eight children. The triangle has been used in drama and literature many times.


Six Flags Magic Mountain

Six Flags Magic Mountain is a theme park in Valencia, California, United States. It opened on May 29, 1971. From 1971 to 1979, the theme park was named Magic Mountain and independently owned. In 1979, the park was purchased by Six Flags, and it was renamed to Six Flags Magic Mountain in 1980. It is located beside a water park called Six Flags Hurricane Harbor. It has 19 roller coasters (the most in the world) and 60 other kinds of rides, giving a total of 69 rides in the park. Some of its rides include Revolution, Tatsu, X2, , Full Throttle, Scream!, , Gold Rusher, and Twisted Colossus. There are nine themed areas, including DC Universe (an area inspired by DC Comics) and The Movie District (a movie-inspired area). Starting with Wet 'n Wild Orlando, they had replaced

The current rides at Six Flags Magic Mountain are provided below:

There are currently 19 roller coasters at Six Flags Magic Mountain, the largest number of roller coasters in a park in the world.


ICS Bégué

ICS Bégué is a French private business school in Paris. It was created in 1957 and is part of IONIS Education Group.

It is recognized by the French State.


Enol

An enol is an alkene that has an OH group attached to one end of the double bond. It is called an enolate if the proton on the oxygen atom is taken away.

Enols are tautomers of ketones or aldehydes. Tautomers are molecules which are different only in the position of an hydrogen atom. Enols can be made very easily from ketones or aldehydes using a base. They are quite unstable, because the C=O bond is stronger than the C=C bond. However, they can do many interesting reactions. The best example is the aldol reaction.

Enols of ketones can be made on two different sides. It is important to be able to choose which side to react. The side with less substituents is the easiest one to react: it can be made at low temperature with a bulky base. This is called the kinetic enolate. The other side, with more substituents, is more difficult to react. Higher temperatures are needed. This is called the thermodynamic enolate.

Steric effects

Steric effects are the effects seen in molecules that come from the fact that atoms occupy space. When atoms are put close to each other, this costs energy. The electrons near the atoms want to stay away from each other. This can change the way molecules want to react. It can also change the shape (or conformation) of the molecule. The amount of space that a group of atoms takes is called the "steric bulk".
An example of steric effects is steric hindrance. This is when a large group in a molecule makes reactions not work. For example, an S2 reaction does not happen on carbon atoms that have three substituents. Steric hindrance however can also be a positive thing. Sometimes, chemists would like a reaction to happen in one place rather than another one. A bulky group can block a position. It can also change the shape such that only one diastereomer from a reaction is made.

Steric effects are usually smaller than electronic effects. These affect the molecule's shape and reactivity as well, but they come from the way electrons are placed in bonds.

Motherland Party (Azerbaijan)

The Motherland Party () is a nationalist and conservative political party in Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1990. Its members are mainly Azerbaijanis who come from Armenia. The party's leader Fazail Agamali is a former deputy minister for social protection. The party's aim is to create a "free, powerful, democratic and entire Azerbaijan".

At the 2010 parliamentary elections, it won 2 out of 125 seats.


Barking

Barking is a town in Greater London, England. It is densely populated with people from multicultural backgrounds.

Hashimoto's thyroiditis

Hashimato's thyroiditis or chronic lymphocytic thyroiditis is an autoimmune disease. The cause of Hashimato's thyroiditis is that body starts to produce antibodies against the normal thyroid tissue. This disease was the first disease to be described as autoimmune. for the first time it described by the Japanese specialist "Hakaru Hashimato" in Germany in 1912.

Tsing Ma Bridge

The Tsing Ma Bridge is a bridge in Hong Kong. It is the world's ninth-longest span suspension bridge, and was the second longest at time of completion. The bridge was named after two of the islands at its ends, namely Tsing Yi and Ma Wan. It has two decks and carries both road and rail traffic, which also makes it the largest suspension bridge of this type. The bridge has a main span of and a height of . The span is the largest of all bridges in the world carrying rail traffic. 

Kotohira, Kagawa

Kotohira grew up around the Kotohira Shrine.

"Kanamaru-za" in Kotohira is Japan's oldest surviving Kabuki playhouse.


Sly and the Family Stone

Sly and the Family Stone was an American rock, funk and soul band. The band was formed in 1967 and broke up in 1983. the band played an important park in the development of soul, funk, and psychedelic music. The group was led by Sly Stone. It also included several of his siblings. They are known for their songs "Everyday People" and "Dance to the Music".

In 1993, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


Multivitamin

A multivitamin is any of a group of vitamins used often with minerals needed by the human body to function properly. Multivitamins are available as tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injections. Multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food.

Multivitamins are often provided with minerals. A multivitamin or mineral set is approved in the United States as an addition to a diet containing 3 or more vitamins and minerals that does not include herbs, hormones, or drugs. The terms multivitamin and multimineral are often used interchangeably. There is no scientific definition for either.


List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and Sri Lanka

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have played against each other in ODIs since 1986. They have met on 30 occasions. Sri Lanka have been more successful with 27 victories, Bangladesh have won in 3 games.



Ken Loach

Ken Loach (born 1936) is a British movie director, producer and writer. He was born in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He has made many movies about working class life. His films include "Cathy Come Home", "Poor Cow", "The Wind that Shakes the Barley", and "Kes". He was educated at St Peter's College, Oxford.

La Rioja

La Rioja is an autonomous community and a province in Spain. It is in the north of the Iberian Peninsula. The capital of La Rioja is Logroño. Other cities and towns in the province are Calahorra, Arnedo, Alfaro, Haro, Santo Domingo de la Calzada, and Nájera.

La Rioja is famous for its wines.

Dehgolan

Dehgolan (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province of Iran. They are followers of Islam. The population of Dehgolan is mainly Kurdish .

Divandarreh

Divandarreh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, there were 22,842 people, in 5,305 families.

Kamyaran

Kamyaran (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak in Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. There is also a Shia minority and a few Jewish families in Kamyaran.

At the 2006 census, there were 46,760 people, in 11,186 families.

Thomas Robinson, 1st Baronet Rokeby

Sir Thomas Robinson, 1st Baronet (1703–1777) was an English architect and collector.

Thomas left his brother William his title but not his estates. He left his brother Richard his books, including those on architecture and antiquities. On 2 March 1730, he became a Baronet of Rokeby. Rokeby is in the County of York.

Qorveh

Qorveh (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. Some people also speak Azerbaijani language. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, Qorveh had 65,842 people, in 16,309 families.


Ah Boys to Men

Ah Boys to Men is a 2012–2013 Singaporean comedy movie. It was released in two parts. It was directed by Jack Neo. Jack Neo also was one of the writers, along with Link Sng. It is the highest grossing Singaporean film of all time.

Sarvabad

Sarvabad (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speaks in Kurdi. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 46,760, in 11,186 families.

Side Effects

Side Effects is a 2013 American crime thriller movie. It stars Channing Tatum, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Jude Law. The movie is about a young woman under antidepressant drugs. The reviews for "Side Effects" were positive.

Hartola

Hartola is a municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. It is part of the historical area of Itä-Häme. As of 30 January 2014, over 3,100 people lived there. During summer, the number of people living there almost doubles. The nearest railway station is away. There are several lakes in Hartola, including Jääsjärvi and Rautavesi.

The closest town to Hartola is Heinola. Other nearby municipalities are Joutsa, Luhanka, Pertunmaa and Sysmä. The closes cities are Jyväskylä (about 100km) and Lahti (about 100km). The closest airport is in Jyväskylä.

On the first Saturday of September there is a country market held in Hartola. This makes lot of people come to Hartola. It was first held 1937.



Extremadura

Extremadura is an autonomous community of Spain. Its capital city is Mérida. The provinces Cáceres and Badajoz are a part of Extremadura. Extremadura is bordered by Portugal to the west. To the north, it borders Castile and León. To the south, it borders Andalusia. To the east, it borders Castile-La Mancha.

Marugame, Kagawa

The castle town grew up around Marugame Castle which was built in 1597.

The modern city was established in 1899.

Since 1947, the city has hosted to an annual road running competition: the Marugame Half Marathon.


Minobu, Yamanashi

The temple town grew up around Kuon-ji, which is one of the important sites of Nichiren Buddhism. Nichiren's grave is at Minobu.

The modern village was established in 1889l. It became a town in 1931.

The Fuji River ("Fujigawa") runs through the town.


Yonezawa, Yamagata

The castle town was held by the Uesugi clan starting in the Muromachi period.

The modern city was established in 1889.


Before and After

Before and After is a 1996 thriller drama based on a 1992 book of the same name. Meryl Streep plays Doctor Carolyn Ryan, Edward Furlong plays Jacob and Liam Neeson plays Ben Ryan. The subject of this thriller is murder, deception, coverup and betrayal. The release date was February 23, 1996.

Uozu, Toyama

Uozu developed as a castle town.

In 1582, the forces of Oda Nobunaga forced the Uesugi clan to give up control of Uozu Castle.
In 1918, riots started in Uozo because of increases in rice prices.

In 1956, a great fire ravished many buildings in Uozu.

Several rivers run through Uozu—the Fuse River, the Katakai River, the Kado River, and the Hayatsuki River.

Gold was discovered in the mountains of near Uozu.


According to Japanese census data,


Lake Mungo remains

The Lake Mungo remains are three sets of human fossils. They are Lake Mungo 1 ("LM1", or "Mungo Lady"), Lake Mungo 2 ("LM2"), and Lake Mungo 3 ("LM3", or "Mungo Man"). The sites are located neer Lake Mungo, in New South Wales, Australia, in the World Heritage-listed Willandra Lakes Region. Pieces of skeletons have been found in this region. These pieces have been attributed to over forty human skeletons. The Lake Mungo remains are the most significant of these.

LM1 are the fossilised, cremated remains of a young woman. They were found in 1969 by James Bowler with the University of Melbourne. Radiocarbon dating of pieces of bone from the burial put LM1 between 24,700 and 19,030 years old. Charcoal from a hearth 15 cm above the burial was dated at 26,250 years old (plus or minus 1,120 years). Reconstruction and study of the remains were mainly done by Alan Thorne at the Australian National University. The patterns of burn marks on the bones suggest that the body was first burned, then smashed, then burned a second time, before being buried.

Research published by Bowler in 2003 rejected previous estimates for all of remains at the site. Optical dating concluded that both LM1 and LM3 were buried around 40,000 years ago (plus or minus 2,000 years). This makes it the earliest evidence of human cremation that has been found. It suggests that ancient indigenous Australians in this region had their own complicated burial rituals.

The bones were returned in 1992 to the area's traditional owners: the Paakantji (Barkindji), the Mathi Mathi and the Ngiyampaa. LM1 is now in a locked vault at the Mungo National Park visitor centre.

LM3 was found by James Bowler on 26 February 1974, when shifting sand dunes exposed the remains. It is located 500 m east of the LM1 site. The body was covered with red ochre, in the earliest known example of such a complicated and artistic burial practice. Like the cremation of LM1, this indicates that certain cultural traditions have existed on the Australian continent for much longer than previously thought.

The skeleton was of a slender individual, quite different to the build of modern indigenous Australians. The skeleton was badly preserved: large pieces of the skull were missing, and most of the bones in the limbs were damaged. Usually, the gender of a skeleton is determined using the bones in the skull and the pelvis. The problem is that these bones are in a very bad state in LM3, or they are missing altogether; in other words, the "normal" method of gender determination cannot be used with LM3. Since LM3 was discovered, other features were studied; most of these studies agree that LM3 was probably a male.

LM3 was buried lying on his back, with his hands joined together covering the groin. Some of the bones show evidence of osteoarthritis and eburnation, and the teeth are well worn. Based on this, it is likely that LM3 was quite old (around 50 years old) when he died. New studies show that, using the length of his limb bones, it is possible to estimate LM3's height at 196 centimetres (77 inches or 6 ft 5 in), unusually tall for an Aboriginal.

The first estimate of LM3's age was made in 1976 by the team of scientists from the Australian National University (ANU) who excavated LM3. They estimated that LM3 was between 28,000 and 32,000 years old. They did not test LM3's remains directly; instead, they made their estimate through stratigraphic comparison with LM1. In 1987, an electron spin resonance test was done on pieces of bone from LM3's skeleton. This gave an estimate of his age at 31,000 years, plus or minus 7,000 years. In 1999, optical dating work was done on quartz from the LM3 burial site. The results indicated a burial older than 24,600 years (± 2,400) and younger than 43,300 years (± 3,800).

Later in the same year, research led by Alan Thorne gave a new estimate of 62,000 years old (plus or minus 6,000 years). This estimate was made by combining data from uranium-thorium dating, electron spin resonance dating and optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) dating of the remains and the soil in the grave. This estimate was very controversial, and some of the techniques used to get this estimate were criticised.

In 2003, several Australian groups came to an agreement that LM3 is about 40,000 years old. A team led by Bowler did 25 more OSL tests that suggested that LM3 can not be older than 50,000 years. This age roughly agrees with stratigraphic evidence using four different dating methods. The age of 40,000 years is now the most widely accepted age for the LM3. This makes it the second oldest human fossil east of India, and the oldest in Australia. In addition to this, the study published in 2003 found that LM1 and LM3 are similar in age, and that humans were present at Lake Mungo as early as 50,000 to 46,000 years ago.

In 1998, the remains of a child were discovered. These are believed to have roughly the same age as Mungo Man and Mungo Lady. In 2005, erosion exposed another adult skeleton. Because it was not protected, this skeleton was destroyed by wind and rain about a year later. 

The main idea is the Out of Africa hypothesis: It says that humans developed on the African continent, and spread from there. Another important site is called Kow Swamp, in the northern part of Victoria. It consists of about twenty skeletons, which are between 5,000 and 10,000 years old. The morphology of Mungo Man is noticeably different from these skeletons. For this reason, some researchers have said that Australia was probably settled twice. The settlers were probably descendants of Homo erectus and came from the Asian mainland. This theory is based on the analysis of mitochondrial DNA. If this is true, the two lines, that of Mungo Man and that of modern humans, separated a long time ago. This would also mean that Mitochondrial Eve of this line and that of modern humans would be older than mitochondrial Eve of all living humans.


Tosashimizu, Kōchi

The village of Nakanohama in what is now Tosashimizu was the birthplace of Nakahama Manjirō, who was the first known Japanese to live in the United States in the mid-19th century.

The modern city was established in 1954.



Civic Solidarity Party

The.Civic Solidarity Party () is a nationalist and conservative political party in Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1992. The party's leader is Sabir Rustamkhanli, who is actually a poet. The party's ideology is based on the "universal political values of freedom, equality and solidarity".

At the 2020 parliamentary elections, it won 3 out of 125 seats.


Knockwurst

Knockwurst is a type of sausage. In North America, "knockwurst" refers to a short, plump sausage that comes from the Holstein region in Germany. They contain ground veal, ground pork, and fresh garlic stuffed into hog casings. The sausages are aged for two to five days, then smoked over oak wood. Knackwurst is often prepared highly seasoned.

Sorority Row

Sorority Row is a 2009 American horror thriller movie. It is a remake of "The House on Sorority Row". It was released on September 11, 2009. Rumer Willis plays Ellie, and Audrina Patridge plays Megan. The movie is about a serial killer targeting a group of college students. "Sorority Row" was filmed in Pennsylvania. The reviews were negative for this movie.

Valencia (disambiguation)

Valencia is a city in Spain. Valencia might also mean:




Amour (movie)

Amour is an 2012 Academy Award-winning French movie. The director was Michael Haneke. It starred Jean-Louis Trintignant as Georges, Emmanuelle Riva as Anne, and Isabelle Huppert as their daughter.

The movie was about an elderly couple, Anne and Georges, who are retired music teachers who live alone together. Anne suffers a stroke which paralyses her on one side of her body. After weeks of attempted treatment at home, Georges grabs a pillow and suffocates Anne to death.

It received many positive reviews. Roger Ebert gave it four out of four stars. It won an Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.

Ishigaki, Okinawa

Ishigaki was established in 1908 as Yaeyama Village. In 1914 it was renamed to Ishigaki Village. It grew to become a town in 1926 and a city in 1947. 

The Senkakus were included in the village of 1908, in the village of 1914, in the town in 1926, and in the city in 1947.

In 2013, the opened.

The city includes Ishigaki Island and the Senkaku Islands. 


Michael Haneke

Michael Haneke (born March 23, 1942) is a Austrian movie director, movie producer, and screenwriter. He is recently known for directing the Academy Award-winning foreign movie "Amour". He was nominated for Best Director and Best Screenwriter at the Golden Globe Awards and at the Academy Awards.

Haneke was born on March 23, 1942 in Munich, Germany. He was raised in Wiener Neustadt. He is remotely related to actor Christoph Waltz. He was raised in Wiener Neustadt. Haneke studied at the University of Vienna. He was married to Susanne Haneke since 1983.


Jean-Louis Trintignant

Jean-Louis Xavier Trintignant (11 December 1930 – 17 June 2022) was a French actor, racecar driver, producer and director. He won an César Award for Best Actor as Georges in the 2012 French movie "Amour".

In July 2018, he announced his retirement from cinema.

Trintignant was born on 11 December 1930 in Piolenc, Vaucluse, France. He was raised in Piolenc and in Paris. Trintignant was married to Stéphane Audran until they divorced. Then he was married to Nadine Marquand from 1960 until they divorced in 1976. He had three children; including Marie.

In November 2017, Trintignant announced that he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He died on 17 June 2022 at his home in Uzès, France from problems caused by the disease, aged 91.


Emmanuelle Riva

Emmanuelle Riva (born Paulette Germaine Riva; 24 February 1927 – 27 January 2017) was a French actress, writer, photographer, and poet. She was known for her BAFTA Award-winning role as Anne in "Amour". She was nominated for an Academy Award and won an BAFTA Award for her role in "Amour".

Riva was born on 24 February 1927 in Cheniménil, France. Her grandfather was Italian. Riva was raised and studied acting in Paris.

Riva died from cancer on 27 January 2017 in Paris at the age of 89.


Carmen Montejo

Carmen Montejo (María Teresa Sánchez González; May 26, 1925 – February 25, 2013) was an Cuban-Mexican actress. She was known for her many television shows. She was one of the last surviving actresses of the Golden Age of Cinema of Mexico.

Montejo was born on May 26, 1925 in Pinar del Río, Cuba. She was married to Manuel González Ortega until his death. Montejo died on February 25, 2013 in Mexico City, Mexico from an illness, aged 87.


Isabelle Huppert

Isabelle Anne Madeleine Huppert (born March 16, 1953) is a French actress. She is known for her roles in "Violette Nozière", "La pianist", and in "Amour". 

Huppert was born on March 16, 1953 in Paris, France. She as raised in Ville-d'Avray. Huppert studied at National Conservatory of Dramatic Art of Paris. She was married to Ronald Chammah since 1982. They had three children.


Weight loss

Weight loss is when a person weighs less than before. A person can lose weight by running, swimming or doing any other activity. Also, a person might eat a different diet to lose weight. There are many diet and exercises programs available to lose weight. Many people lose weight when they eat less sugar and more vegetables, fruits and lean meat.

People who are obese may get medical treatment to lose weight. In Britain there are long waiting lists for weight loss surgery. Weight loss drugs were developed in to 2020s. Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly showed that their drugs were safe and effective. They did have side effects. Goldman Sachs said the weight-loss drugs market could grow from $6 billion to $100 billion by 2030.


In many countries weight loss is caused by sociological pressure mostly on women to have a slim body.

Unintentional weight loss is when a person loses weight without trying. It can be a symptom of some types of cancer. Stress can cause unintentional weight loss. Stress can come from divorce, changing jobs or over the loss of a loved one. Once the stress is removed and the person feels happier again, the weight may return to normal. Depression may also cause weight loss. Eating disorders such as anorexia or bulimia can cause significant weight loss. These disorders usually require the help of health care professionals.

Getting enough sleep helps to avoid gaining excess weight. Over time, getting more sleep can help a person to lose weight. The main reason is not getting enough sleep leaves a person tired during the day and prone to eating more food. Getting enough sleep helps in maintaining healthy eating habits.

Without going to the bathroom, a person naturally loses over while they sleep at night. One reason is humans breathe in oxygen but breathes out carbon dioxide. That is breathing in one molecule of Oxygen for every two molecules of carbon each time they breathe out. A molecule of carbon does not weigh much by itself, but given that with each breath twenty billion-trillion molecules are expelled, over a 7-8 hour period that adds up to over a pound of carbon. Normal perspiration occurs while sleeping but usually only causes a small amount of water weight loss. 

The body also burns calories during sleep.

Lean mass (muscle and bone) burn more energy than fat. Even at rest, a body with more muscle tissue will burn more calories.

Exercise alone can be effective in weight loss. Several studies found similar results. The comparison between dieting and exercising found both resulted in weight loss. The conclusion was that using both diet and exercise together was the most effective method of weight loss.

Shere Bangla National Stadium

Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium or Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium (SBNS)' is a cricket stadium in Bangladesh. Some times it is called Mirpur Stadium. It is in Mirpur of Dhaka. It can hold 26.000 people at a time. It was built in 2006. It was named after Sher-e-Bangla A. K. Fazlul Huq "The tiger of Bangla".

The stadium has hosted Bangladesh's first class, test, ODI, twenty20 and women's cricket matches. It also hosted international matches like 2011 World Cup, Asia Cup etc.

The ground is a state of the art stadium. It is considered one of the best grounds in the subcontinent. Its most striking and interesting part is its modern drainage. The ground was originally built for football and athletics. For this reason it was built in rectangular shape. But when it was shifted for cricket it was fixed to oval for cricket. The ground was fitted with floodlights on 2009. it is able to host Day/night cricket matches.

he ground hosted its first Test match on 25 May 2007. It was a test match between Bangladesh and India. It hosted it's first ODI on December 8, 2006. The match was played by Bangladesh and Zimbabwe. 
The stadium hosted 4 group matches and 2 quarter finals during the 2011 Cricket World Cup.

Bangladesh hosted the 12th edition of the Asia Cup. Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium hosted those matches.


Sportsbook

In the United States of America a sportsbook is a place where a player can bet money on many different sports, for example basketball, golf, football, hockey, baseball, soccer, horse racing, boxing and many more.
A bet is when a person thinks that a particular team/contestant will win a competition and gives some money. If he wins the bet - he will receive his money back with some monetary prize. If his team/contestant loses, he will not get his money back.

The Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992 allows only Nevada, Oregon, Montana, and Delaware to legally bet on sports.
There are more Sportbooks that allow betting online or through mobile. With better availability and lower minimum bets, the whole industry is rapidly growing.

Before placing a bet a person should read the terms and conditions of the sportsbook to avoid any problems.

Paid survey

A paid or incentivized survey is a type of survey where person for filling out the details will get some reward.
Usual prizes will be small amount of money, simple reward like pen or cup, or entry in to competition to win something.

Web-based survey have come a long way, from 1980s where first email surveys were conducted to 1990s when initial web-based surveys were introduced. There were almost $500 million spent on web-based surveys in 2002, and According to Inside Research this number climbed up to about $960 million in 2004.

But despite the advances in survey research, there are still many short comings and problems, such as declining response rates, limited online data bases, mistrust about survey uses (true research versus selling), survey length, issues concerning privacy and security, internet surveys being looked at as spam by some etc.

Most of Online Surveys that are real will not pay cash, but instead give vouchers or prizes.
Online or Internet surveys are very useful for many companies. People get rewarded for answering questions about a product, a company or any questions that will help the company to work better.

Many companies pay people to take a survey, but some are for free.

In era of digital surveys there is many fraud cases where user will be not paid after completing one. Some ways of avoiding fraud sites is to check them on MyWot, review sites or by simply checking their reviews on forums.

It is getting more popular to fill surveys to get access to website or valuable content.

Another popular form of surveys that has recently emerged are daily surveys. Daily survey panels allow their members to participate in surveys everyday. The user is taken through a router where they can keep trying to qualify until a survey is found that matches their demographics. Daily surveys pay less than most paid surveys, but the opportunity to qualify is much greater and payouts are usually cash instead of prizes.

Businesses spend $18.7 billion worldwide on market research, as reported by CASRO.

Mirpur Thana

Mirpur () is a place, a "thana" of Dhaka city, Bangladesh.

Mirpur has a total area of . It is north-east of Dhaka city.

Lifeline (crisis support service)

Lifeline is a non-profit organisation that provides free, 24-hour telephone support to people in need. Lifeline Assistance do not make any profit.

A Lifeline Assistance called Volunteer Crisis Supporters provides suicide prevention services (trying to persuade people not to kill themselves) and mental health support (helping with depression and other issues). They help people not only by telephone but face-to-face too and online.

Most people that work at the Telephone Lifeline work for free. They are called volunteers. They are very well trained to help people with any problems. More than 400,000 calls are served by the Lifeline Assistance every year.Some Lifeline Centres also provide other support services that may have group support, assistance with food & bills and support for the old people.

Lifeline has more than 260 retail outlets around Australia that sell clothes and furniture to make enough money to pay for training and office space they use. Some Lifeline Centres have few stores which helps them with day-to-day spending. Some lifelines can provide people in need with free mobile phones thanks to government grants.

The 2010 report recorded 2,361 deaths by suicide in Australia, 480 more deaths than in 2007.

List of Bangladesh Test cricketers

This is a list of Bangladeshi Test cricketers. This list is arranged to show the test cricketers of Bangladesh. If more than one player won his first Test cap in the same Test match, then those players are listed alphabetically by surname.
Statistics are correct as of 11 July 2021.



List of Bangladesh ODI cricketers

This is a list of One Day International cricketers for Bangladesh. The list is arranged in an order, in which each player won his first ODI cap. If more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, then those players are listed alphabetically by first name.

Statistics are correct as at 31 July 2008.

Notes:


Mobile advertising

Mobile advertising is very similar to online or internet advertising. Mobile advertising is method of advertising via mobile phones or other mobile devices like tablets.

More and more people worldwide have mobile phones and spend on them a lot of time so mobile advertising is very successful these days and the whole market is growing fast.
Today there are more mobile phones than TVs and computers in the world.

In Spain 75% of mobile phone owners receive mobile advertising. In France 62% and in Japan 54% mobile phone owners receive mobile advertising. In Japan today, 44% of mobile phone owners click on ads they get on their phones. Mobile advertising was worth 900 million dollars only in Japan.

There are people and organizations that want to create guidelines for Mobile Advertising (set of rules to follow).

List of Australia Test cricketers

This article lists Australian Test cricketers as of 14 February 2013.


List of England Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers that play Test cricket for England.

A number of cricketers have played Test match cricket for England and another Test match team.

List of India Test cricketers

This is a list of Test cricketers who have played for India. A Test match is an international cricket match between two of the leading cricketing nations. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same Test match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 25 February 2021.

Statistics are correct as of 17 January 2022.


List of New Zealand Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Test cricket for New Zealand.

Statistics are correct as of New Zealand v England, 3rd Test, 2007-08 (26 March, 2008) 

Note: 
New Zealand is shown above.



List of Pakistan Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Test cricket for Pakistan.

Statistics are correct as of 24 August 2008.

Notes:


Lion Airlines

PT Lion Mentari Airlines, known as Lion Air or Lion Airlines is the largest private airline in Indonesia. Lion Air have their headquarter office in Jakarta, Indonesia. Lion Air goes to places like Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia and Saudi Arabia. The airplanes go to 56 different places in Indonesia and world with a fleet of 89 airplanes.

Lion Airlines cannot fly in European Union because they did not passed safety laws set by officials.
On 18 November 2011, the airline informed about order of Boeing planes setting the record for the world's bigge
st single order of 230 planes for a commercial airline worth $21.7 billion.

Nasir Hossain (Bangladeshi cricketer)

Nasir Hossain (born 30 November 1991) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is an all-rounder. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut in August 2011 against Zimbabwe. He also made his Test debut in 2011. The opposition team was West Indies.

Aryabhata (satellite)

Aryabhata was India's first satellite. It got its name from the Indian astronomer of the same name.

Jacquard loom

The Jacquard loom is a mechanical loom. It is used to make patterns in clothing material. It was invented by Joseph Marie Jacquard, and first used in 1801. It simplified the process of making textiles with complex patterns.

Okinawa (city)

In 1908, Okinawa Prefecture established the villages of Goeku and Misato. During the occupation of Japan, the U.S. military government established the city of in Goeku.

In 1974, the city of Okinawa was created by the merger of Misato and Koza.

the city of Okinawa is located in the central part of the island of Okinawa. It is about 20 km north of Naha.

In the prefecture, it is the second-largest city after Naha.

There is a United States military base which is partly in the city. It is Kadena Air Base.


Rude Awakening

Rude Awakening is a comedy movie released in August 1989. It stars Cindy Williams as June and Andrea Martin as April. The movie is set in the late 1960s in New York City. The movie received negative reviews by critics while in theaters.


Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio

Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (November 17 1958) is an American actress. She first became well-known after playing Gina Montana in the 1983 movie "Scarface". She also played Carmen in the 1986 movie "The Color of Money". Her other movies include "" (1991) and "The Abyss" (1989). Mastrantonio was born in Illinois.

Armardeh

Armardeh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,062, in 427 families.

Buin-e Sofla

Buin-e Sofla (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,524, in 977 families.

Kani Sur

Kani Sur (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,131, in 239 families

Yasukand

Yasukand (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province in Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,268, in 917 families.

Bolbanabad

Bolbanabad (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2016 census, its population was 3,207, in 943 families.

Zarrineh

Zarrineh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,272, in 266 families.

Babarashani

Babarashani (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. At the 2006 census, its population was 481, in 128 families.

Muchesh

Muchesh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,950, in 769 families.

Chenareh

Chenareh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 433, in 101 families.

Kani Dinar

Kani Dinar (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,127, in 1,232 families.

Delbaran

Delbaran (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,104, in 1,395 families.

Dezej

Dezej (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,292, in 559 families.

Serishabad

Serishabad (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,563, in 1,742 families.

Shuyesheh

Shuyesheh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,136, in 280 families.

Saheb, Iran

Saheb (, ) is a city in the west side of Iran. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,489, in 344 families.

Irtysh River

The Irtysh River (; ; / ; , ""Twirl""; ) is a river in Siberia and Kazakhstan. It is the main tributary of the Ob River. The main tributary of the Irtysh is the Tobol River. The Ob-Irtysh forms a major drainage basin in Asia, and covers most of Western Siberia and the Altay Mountains.

From its origins as the "Kara-Irtysh" (Vast Irtysh, kara means Vast in Turkic languages but also black. But in the context and geographic terms usually refers vast) in the Mongolian Altay mountains in Xinjiang, China, the Irtysh flows northwest through Lake Zaysan in Kazakhstan, meeting the Ishim and Tobol rivers before merging with the Ob near Khanty-Mansiysk in western Siberia, Russia after 4,248 kilometres (2,640 mi).

The name Black Irtysh ("Kara-Irtysh" in Kazakh, or "Cherny Irtysh" in Russian) is applied by some authors, especially in Russia and Kazakhstan, to the upper course of the river, from its source entering Lake Zaysan. The term White Irtysh, in opposition to the Black Irtysh, was occasionally used in the past to refer to the Irtysh below lake Zaysan; now this usage is largely obsolete.

The largest tributaries of the Irtysh are, from source to mouth:


Interpretations of quantum mechanics

In quantum mechanics, it's very hard to understand what the math actually means in real life. However, there are many ideas about how to understand quantum mechanics. There are no facts to prove any interpretation over the others, but there are some that are more accepted than others.

The main ideas of quantum mechanics are the assumptions of Schrödinger and Heisenberg. The Schrödinger equation is a partial differential equation that describes the wavefunction of an object. The equation is given by

formula_1

This equation means that a particle, such as an electron, is not "just" a point-like particle, but also a type of wave. Another fundamental of quantum mechanics is the Heisenberg uncertainty principle. This theory is the idea that it's impossible to know both where something is and its momentum at the same time. The mathematical formulation of this is given by

formula_2

This can further be generalized by stating that

formula_3

Where formula_4 is the operator of formula_5 and formula_6. This law also gives rise to an uncertainty between energy and time, which can be expressed in the same way as the relation between momentum and position.

Another important fact of quantum mechanics is that the electron behaves in a very unusual way. At first, no one really knew what the wave function meant physically. Max Born, a theoretical physicist, explained that the wave function is a "probability wave". In other words, wherever the wave is denser, that is where the particle is most likely found, but it won't necessarily be found there. The way to find the probability 
(formula_7) of the position of the particle in the region formula_8

For example, if formula_7 is equal to 0.5, then there is a 50% chance of finding the particle within that region. This means that the location of a particle is probabilistic; one can never say that the particle will "definitely" be found at a certain point in space, but rather, one can only give the probability of finding the particle within that region. 

The most well-accepted interpretation of quantum mechanics is the idea called Copenhagen interpretation. This interpretation builds upon the probability-wave notion, but brings in a radical new idea called the superposition principle. The best way to explain this principle is by showing it mathematically. If the functions formula_10 are solutions of the Schrödinger equation, then the superposition of those wave functions is also a solution, i.e.

formula_11 

Where formula_12 is the superposition of the various wave functions. This idea implies that a particle occupies every possible wave function it can. This implies that a particle occupies more than one position "at the same time". When an observer comes and actually measures the position of the particle, something called the wave function collapse occurs. So when someone observes the particle, the following happens:

formula_13→formula_14

This means that when there is no observation or observer, then a particle occupies many positions at the same time; when an observation takes place, the wave function collapses and the particle exists only in one position.

The many-worlds interpretation says that rather than the wave function collapsing, each possibility actually happens, but in different universes. This means that the universes branch off for each possibility. Also it says that you can live forever according to quantum suicide.

The interpretation, presented by Albert Einstein, states that the outcome of some random event is predetermined. So, rather than a particle existing as a probability wave, this interpretation says that the particle exists only in one position, but we just perceive it to be a probability. This idea is much less popular. 

So, of the three main interpretations of quantum mechanics, which one is correct? Physicists seem to think that the Copenhagen interpretation is the most likely, but no one is for sure.

Planck's law

Planck's law describes the spectral density of electromagnetic radiation emitted by a black body in thermal equilibrium at a given temperature "T". The law is named after Max Planck, who proposed it in 1900. It is a pioneering result of modern physics and quantum theory.


Kure, Hiroshima

In 1894, Prime Minister Itō Hirobumi transfered the Imperial Headquarters ("Daihon'ei") to Kure.

The modern city of Kure was founded in 1902.

The natural harbor was a naval base until the end of the Second World War. The Japanese battleship Yamato was built at Kure.




Etajima, Hiroshima

Etajima was the site of the from 1888 to 1945.

The present city was created in 2004. It was created by uniting 4 towns: Etajima, Nōmi, Ōgaki, and Okimi.


Hioki, Kagoshima

The city was created in 2005 from the merger of the towns of Fukiage, Higashiichiki, Hiyoshi and Ijūin.



Bagh, Azad Kashmir

Bagh () is a sub-district of Bagh District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.

Jason Spezza

Jason Rocco Anthony Spezza (born June 13, 1983 in Mississauga, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He played a total of 19 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Ottawa Senators, Dallas Stars and Toronto Maple Leafs.

He began his hockey career with the Brampton Battalion of the Ontario Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Mississauga Ice Dogs for 2 seasons, the Windsor Spitfires for 2 seasons and the Belleville Bulls for 1 season. He entered the draft in 2001 and he was drafted with the 2nd overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

He was assigned to the Grand Rapids Griffins, the farm team of the Senators. He was called up to the Senators and made his NHL debut in the 2002-03 NHL season. He played 33 games with the Senators and played most of the season with Ottawa's new affiliate, Binghamton Senators. He was called up and played two seasons with the Senators and was sent down to the Binghamton Senators to play a season. After that he joined the Ottawa's main roster full-time.

Spezza was on the cover of 2007 video game, NHL 2K8. He married his girlfriend Jennifer on July 25, 2009. They have two daughters Sophia Donna Spezza (born June 8, 2010) and Nicola Patricia Spezza (born April 1, 2012).

On July 1, 2014, after Spezza had requested a trade, the Senators traded him along with Ludwig Karlsson to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Alex Chiasson, Alex Guptill, Nicolas Paul and a 2015 second-round pick to Ottawa.

On May 29, 2022, Spezza announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey. After he retired, he became an assistant to Leafs general manager Kyle Dubas. On May 19, 2023, Spezza stepped down when Dubas was fired.

Cave Johnson

Cave Johnson (January 11, 1793 – November 23, 1866) was a United States Congressman from Tennessee. He was from the Democratic Party.

Michelle Monaghan

Michelle Monaghan (born March 23, 1976) is an American movie and television program actress. She was in the movies "Eagle Eye", "Made of Honor" and "Mission: Impossible III". She also acted in the television program "Boston Public". Before acting, she appeared on the covers of several magazines. Monaghan was born in Winthrop, Iowa.

Hyūga, Miyazaki

The preservation district has a 19th century character.

The modern city was established in 1951.


Qinghai

Qinghai Province is a large province in north-west China on the Tibetan Plateau. 



Nichinan, Miyazaki

Nichinan grew up around Obi Castle.

The modern city was established in 1950.


Julia Child

Julia Carolyn Child (born Julia Carolyn McWilliams; August 15, 1912 – August 13, 2004) was an American television personality, writer, and chef. She was known for having her own cooking show "The French Chef". She won a Peabody Award and an Emmy Award. 

Child was born on August 15, 1912 in Pasadena, California. She studied at Smith College and at Le Cordon Bleu. Child was married to Paul Cushing Child from 1946 until his death in 1994, but they didn't have children. Child died on August 13, 2004 in Montecito, California from kidney failure, two days before her 92nd birthday. 


Roy W. Hill

Roy William Hill (December 1, 1899 – February 14, 1986) was an American automobile dealer, philanthropist, and businessman. He helped start the Eisenhower Medical Center.

Hill was born on December 1, 1899 in Los Angeles, California. He was married to Madeleine M. Hill from 1924 until they divorced during the 1930s. Then he was married to Faye D Maxwell from 1942 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Anne T. Hill from 1971 until his death in 1986. Hill died on February 14, 1986 from heart failure in his Rancho Mirage, California, aged 86.

Meg Hillier

Meg Hillier (born 1969, Hampstead) is the Labour MP for Hackney South and Shoreditch. She was also the Mayor of Islington, where she lives. She read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at St Hilda's College, Oxford. She is currently Chair of the Public Accounts Committee in Parliament after taking over from Margaret Hodge.

St Hilda's College, Oxford

St. Hilda's College, Oxford is part of the University of Oxford. It was founded as a women's college in 1893 and remained single sex until 2008.


St. Hilda

Saint Hilda (614-690) of Whitby, Yorkshire was an abbess. Bede writes about her in his history of the church.


Whitby

Whitby is a fishing port near Scarborough, North Yorkshire, in northeast England. 13,213 people live there. Its name comes from the Old Norse Witebi, which means the "white settlement".

Whitby is on the edge of the North Yorkshire Moors. 

Its heritage coast is around 35 miles (56 km) long, stretching from Staithes to Flamborough. At Whitby, dinosaur footprints are visible on the beach. The black mineral jet is found in the cliffs and on the moors and has been used since the Bronze Age to make beads. In Victorian times jet was brought to Whitby by pack pony to be made into decorative items. It was most popular in the mid-19th century when it was chosen for mourning jewellery by Queen Victoria after the death of Prince Albert.

In the Middle Ages, Whitby was home to whaling and herring fishing fleets. Now, lobsters, brown and velvet crabs are important to the local fishery. Tourists first began to visit Whitby in the 1800s. Tourism is now the main source of income for Whitby.

Whitby's East cliff is the home of Whitby Abbey. On the West Cliff, a whalebone arch commemorates Whitby's fishing heritage.

Captain James Cook, a British explorer who mapped New Zealand, Hawaii and Newfoundland, learnt to sail in Whitby. 

Part of Bram Stoker's story of Dracula is set in Whitby.


Extremely Loud &amp; Incredibly Close (movie)

Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close is an American drama movie released at Christmas 2011. It is based on the novel of the same name. It stars Tom Hanks, Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, John Goodman, Jeffrey Wright and Max von Sydow with Zoe Caldwell. It is an autistic child whose father is killed in the September 11 attacks. The movie's reviews were negative. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor for von Sydow.

Eye colour

Eye color is a visible character caused by two factors: the pigmentation of the eye's iris, and way light is scattered as it hits the top layer of the iris.

The human eye is different from its nearest relative, the chimpanzee eye. The eyes of chimps and also gorillas are entirely brown. Humans have the white to their eyes. This difference is thought to be significant. In the apes, individuals do not usually look directly at other members of the family, but all the same they keep a close watch on what is going on with the family group. They tend to look out of the corners of their eyes, as if to keep the glance secret. Perhaps to them a direct look is aggressive. Jane Goodall used to be careful and avoid looking directly at the gorilla families in the bush. She would sit at a distance, appearing to nibble at grass and leaves, while making occasional glances at the gorilla family.

In humans, the pigment of the iris varies from light brown to black. This depends on the amount of melanin in the iris. The appearance of blue, green and hazel eyes result from the Rayleigh scattering of light in the iris. A similar process accounts for the blueness of the sky. Neither blue nor green pigments are ever present in the human iris or fluid. Eye color is an example of structural color which varies according to the lighting conditions, especially for lighter-colored eyes.

The brightly colored eyes of many birds, reptiles and insects is caused by other pigments, such as pteridines, purines, and carotenoids.

The view that blue eye color is a simple recessive trait is incorrect. Two main gene loci code for the eye pigment: "OCA2" and "HERC2". They sit next to each other on chromosome 15. Mutations (SNPs) to these genes account for much of the variation seen in eye color. "OCA2" mutations close to the 5′ regulatory region explain most human eye-color variation. An intron in "HERC2" contains the promoter region for "OCA2", affecting its expression. 

There are about 15 other genes which have some effect on eye color inheritance. This is an effect called epistasis, and is not unusual.

Iris (eye)

The iris (plural: irides or irises) is a thin, circular structure in the eye. It controls the diameter and size of the pupils.

Eye color is the color of the iris. In humans, the iris may look green, blue, brown, hazel (a combination of light brown, green and gold), grey, violet, or even pink. In response to the amount of light exiting the eye, muscles attached to the iris expand or contract the pupil. The larger the pupil, the more light can enter the eye and reach the retina.

Iris

Iris may refer to:


Fleet Street

Fleet Street is a road in central London. It used to be where newspapers were made, before they moved east to Wapping.

The street existed in the 14th century. It connected the City of London to Westminster. It takes its name from the River Fleet.

Lisa Blount

Lisa Blount (July 1, 1957 – October 27, 2010) was an American television series and movie actress and producer who was in notable movies. She starred "An Officer and a Gentleman" (1982) and in the 2005 movie "Chrystal". Blount was born in Fayetteville, Arkansas. She died in Little Rock, Arkansas.

Aérospatiale SA-330 Puma

The Aérospatiale SA-330 Puma is a transport helicopter designed and built in France. The design was first built by Sud Aviation, and later by Aérospatiale. It was also built by Westland Helicopter in the United Kingdom after an agreement between the two countries It first flew in April 1965. It is mainly used by Armée de l'Air, Royal Air Force, and some other air forces. It is also used by civilians.

The Aérospatiale SA-330 Puma is 59.6½ feet (18.15 meters) long, 49.2½ feet (15.00 meters) diameter, and 16.10½ feet (5.14 meters) tall. A minimum mass that weighs 7,795 pounds (3,536 kg) and at the maximum mass that weighs 15,532 pounds (7,000 kg). It is powered by two Turbomeca Turmo engines driving a helicopter rotor with four blades.

The passenger cabin allows the reception of sixteen to twenty armed soldiers in military version, and fourteen to sixteen passengers in civil version. The two-seater cockpit of the helicopter is type side by side. A mechanic, also serving the mechanical winch, takes place at the rear. He can used the removable machine gun.

At the beginning of 2013, these countries were still using or had used the military Puma:

If the majority of Puma was built by Aérospatiale in France and the UK by Westland but. A few others were produced under license in Indonesia, Romania, and South Africa.

"SA-330A", "SA-330B", "SA-330Ba", "SA-330C", "SA-330E", "SA-330F", "SA-330G", "SA-330H", "SA-330J", "SA-330L", "SA-330S", "SA-330Z".
SA-330A is the prototype and SA-330Z is an experimental version.

"Puma HC Mk-1", "Puma HC Mk-2".
British production is only for the military version.

"NAS-330J". Indonesian Puma are built by IPTN, indigenous aeronautical industry, for civilian and military.

"IAR-330", "IAR-330 SOCAT". Romanian Puma are built by IAR, indigenous aeronautical industriy, for civilian and military. IAR-330 SOCAT is an attack and transport helicopter, like soviet helicopter Mi-24 Hind.

"Oryx". South African Puma are built by Atlas Aircraft Corporation, indigenous aeronautical industriy, for civilian and military.

The SA-330 Puma gave birth to a derivative extensively modified, designated AS-332 Super Puma.

Ogasawara, Tokyo

In 1940, municipalities were created for groups and single isolated islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Tokyo Metropolitan Government was made responsible for local government on the islands, including


The local government structure of the post-war occupation of these islands is still used today.

The islands of the village include:

The Japanese government identifies Okinotori as Japan's southernmost island. It is 1,700 kilometers south of central Tokyo.


Pope Soter

Pope Soter (; d. 174) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church who became the 12th Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome, from 166 until his death in 174.

Records from that time mention his letters. One such letter is an admonishment of the moral laxity in the Church at Corinth. Another is regarding who can touch the sacred cloths used in the Mass.

The issue of when to celebrate Easter was discussed again and Catholics were instructed to celebrate the day on a Sunday rather than on Passover which some Churches, particularly in Asia Minor, were doing. He is considered a Saint of the Catholic Church and his feast day is celebrated on April 22.



Kristen Johnston

Kristen Angela Johnston (born September 20, 1967) is an American movie, stage and television program actress who won two Emmy Awards for acting. She acted as Sally Solomon in the sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun" and has been in several movies. She was born in Washington, D.C., though was raised close to Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Ilford

Ilford is a large town in Greater London, the headquarters of the London Borough of Redbridge. It is also identified as a major area in the London Plan, being located about 9.1 miles east of Charing Cross. 

Ilford was once a small settlement in Essex. It started to develop because of its strategic position near the River Roding and the road from London to Colchester. The arrival of the railway in 1839 also boosted this growth, causing trade and development to foster in the area. Ilford became a municipal borough in 1926 as well as expanding and increasing in population. In 1965, however, the municipal boroughs were scrapped and the area was removed from Essex and dissolved into Greater London. Many people still refer to Ilford and other East London areas as being part of Essex. 

Ilford is part of the IG postcode area although some parts are in the E postcode area instead.

Ricky Tomlinson

Ricky Tomlinson (born 26 September 1939) is a British actor and political activist. He was born Eric Tomlinson in Bispham, Blackpool, Lancashire. He is best known for his roles as Bobby Grant in "Brookside", DCI Charlie Wise in "Cracker" and Jim Royle in "The Royle Family". 

Tomlinson is a close friend of Arthur Scargill and often appears on party political broadcasts for Scargill's Socialist Labour Party, most recently for the 2009 European Parliament elections. He is a long-time member of the Socialist Labour Party, 

Atanasoff–Berry Computer

The Atanasoff-Berry Computer was one of the first computers. It was designed in 1937. It was not able to be programmed, and it was designed only to solve groups of linear equations. It was successfully tested in 1942. It was very amazing technology for the time. It was the first machine to use many important things used in modern computing.

Ann Sothern

Ann Sothern (January 22, 1909 - March 15, 2001) was an American movie, stage and television series actress. She starred in a lot of radio and television shows. She began her career in the late 1920s, and it lasted less than sixty years. She acted in the sitcoms "Private Secretary" (1953-58) and "The Ann Sothern Show" (1958-61). Sothern was born in North Dakota. She moved to Idaho after she retired from acting. She died in Idaho from heart failure.

Gustavo Santaolalla

Gustavo Alfredo Santaolalla (born 19 August 1951) is an Argentine musician, composer, and record producer. He is known for composing music for movies with Alejandro González Iñárritu. He composed the music for the first four psychological drama movies Iñárritu directed. He also wrote the music for the video games "The Last of Us" (2013) and "The Last of Us Part II" (2020) and the themes for television series such as "Jane the Virgin" (2014–2019), MBC4 satricial romantic dramedy series Miss Farah (2019-2022), Arabic adaptation of The CW American satirical romantic dramedy series "Jane the Virgin" (2014–2019). and "Making a Murderer" (2015–present)). He won Academy Awards for Best Original Score in two consecutive years. He won for "Brokeback Mountain" in 2005 and "Babel" in 2006. He has also won the BAFTA Award for "Babel" and "The Motorcycle Diaries".

Santaolalla stated composers like Thelonious Monk, Peter Bernstein, Dizzy Gillespie, Olivier Messiaen, Bernard Herrmann, Alec Wilder, Andrés Segovia, Ástor Piazzolla, Billy May, Bix Beiderbecke, Count Basie, Mercer Ellington, Gil Evans, Joel Goldsmith, Jean-Michel Jarre, Chris Mancini, Miles Davis and Xavier Cugat.

Coti

Roberto Fidel Ernesto Sorokin, known by his stage name Coti, is an Argentine musician. He is best known for his work with other Spanish-language artists like Andrés Calamaro, Julieta Venegas, Paulina Rubio and Luis Miguel. His 2005 release, "Esta Mañana y Otros Cuentos" went gold in both Argentina and Mexico. It went double platinum in Spain.



Bernardo O'Higgins

Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme (1778–1842) was a Chilean independence leader. Along with José de San Martín, he is credited with liberating Chile from Spanish rule. Although he was the second (1817–1823), he is considered one of Chile's founding fathers. He was also the first leader of a fully independent Chilean state.

Scott Mills

Scott Mills (born 28 March 1974) is a British radio DJ. He has his own daily show on BBC Radio 1. He is also a television presenter and an actor. He was born in Southampton.

Scott Mills began working at 16 in a local radio in Hampshire. He joined BBC Radio 1 in 1998. In May 2004 was given a slot on weekday early-evenings to cover for Sara Cox who was about to have a baby. He now has a slot everyday in the afternoon.

Mills is openly gay.

Mitochondrial Eve

Mitochondrial Eve is a term from genetics and human evolution. It refers to a woman, whose mitochondrial DNA is a parent of all living humans. To put this more exactly, she is the female most recent common ancestor of all humans alive at present. 

Rather than use full DNA comparisons, two simpler methods are used:
This gives haplogroups (a haplogroup is a combination of genes on different chromosomal regions that are closely linked and tend to be inherited together).

According to current research, Mitochondrial Eve lived about 200.000 years ago. Most likely she lived in East Africa, when "Homo sapiens sapiens" (anatomically modern humans) were developing as a population distinct from other human sub-species.

Mitochondrial Eve lived later than "Homo heidelbergensis" and the emergence of "Homo neanderthalensis", but earlier than the out of Africa migration.
The dating for 'Eve' was a blow to the multiregional hypothesis, and a boost to the hypothesis that modern humans originated relatively recently in Africa and spread from there, replacing more "archaic" human populations such as Neanderthals. As a result, the latter hypothesis became dominant.

King Ghidorah

King Ghidorah is a fictional monster who appears in movies from Japan. He first appeared in "Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster". Since then, he has appeared in several "Godzilla" movies. He is a golden three-headed dragon with no arms, large wings, and two tails. He is the strongest monster in the "Godzilla" movies.



Piano Sonata No. 11 (Mozart)

The Piano Sonata No. 11 in A major, K. 331 is a piece of music for the piano. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. It was published in Vienna, Austria by Artaria in 1784. It is the second of a group of three piano sonatas. Mozart probably wrote the group in Salzburg in the summer of 1783. It was then that he brought his wife Constance (Weber) to his hometown to introduce her to his father Leopold. The first sonata in the group is No. 10 in C major, K. 330. The third is No. 12 in F major, K. 332. Mozart numbered this group of sonatas 1 through 3. He spent much time teaching during his early years in Vienna. It is likely that these sonatas were written for his pupils.

The A major sonata is unique among Mozart's piano sonatas. It does not include a movement in sonata form. The first movement is a lilting theme in 6/8 followed by six variations in A major and A minor. The last variation is in 4/4 time. The second movement is a Menuetto in A major with a contrasting section (called a Trio) in D major. It is written in 3/4 time. The third and final movement is the famous "Alla Turca" (Turkish March or Turkish Rondo) in 2/4 time. It is considered one of the finest examples of Viennese Turkish music that was produced in the late 18th century. The rondo's rolled block bass chords suggest the drum rolls of a Turkish Janissary band. In true classical style, the rondo alternates between major and minor keys, and loud and soft dynamics. The piece is a favorite for amateur recitals.

Sandy Dennis

Sandra Dale "Sandy" Dennis (April 27, 1937-March 2, 1992) was an American actress. She received two Tony Awards for acting. She performed mostly in theater and movies. Her most notable movies included "Sweet November" (1968), "The Out-of-Towners" (1970) and "The Indian Runner". Dennis was born in Nebraska. She died of ovarian cancer in Westport, Connecticut.

Sakai, Osaka

And the largest kofun, "Daisen-kofun", the imperial tomb of Emperor Nintoku is located.

Nebraska City

Nebraska City is a city in eastern Nebraska. It is southeast of Omaha. The city is near the border of southwestern Iowa and northwestern Missouri. It was incorporated in late 1855.

Necropolis

A necropolis (meaning “city of the dead”) is a large cemetery complex. One of the most famous necropolises is Giza Necropolis and that in Thebes, Egypt. Ancient Egypt is noted for multiple necropolises.

Necropolises are still there today. The Giza pyramid complex is still in this world. You can go to this necropolis by flying from any country via an airplane. It is located in the desert, which is a barren area of land where little precipitation occurs. This complex is one of the wonders of the ancient world.

Air (visual novel)

Air is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key released on September 8, 2000 playable on Windows PCs. Key later released versions of "Air" without the erotic content, and the game was ported to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. Comic anthologies and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several albums of music. Kyoto Animation produced a 13-episode anime television series and a two-episode anime mini-series in 2005, and Toei Animation produced an anime film in 2005.

The story follows the life of Yukito Kunisaki, a traveling showman searching for the "girl in the sky". He arrives in a quiet, seaside town where he meets three girls, one of whom is the key to the end of his journey.

Hebrew name

Hebrew names are names that have come from the Hebrew language. Traditionally they come from the Hebrew Bible.

They are mostly used by people living in Jewish or Christian parts of the world, but some are also adapted to the Islamic world, particularly if a Hebrew name is mentioned in the Qur'an.

When Hebrew-speaking Muslims give names, they do not necessarily use Jewish or Christian names. A typical Hebrew name can have many different forms – an important principle of the Jewish religion worldwide is to give a Hebrew name to a child that is used throughout his or her lifetime.

Not all Hebrew names are strictly Hebrew in origin: some may have been "taken" from other languages since ancient times. These include Egyptian, Aramaic, Phoenician, Greek, Latin, Arabic, Spanish, German, and English.



John Gavin

John Gavin (Juan Vincent Apablasa; April 8, 1931 – February 9, 2018) was an American actor. He was the Ambassador to Mexico from 1981 through 1986 under President Ronald Reagan. Gavin was in many movies. He was president of the Screen Actors Guild from 1971 through 1973. He was originally to play James Bond in two movies, but was rejected because he was not British.

Gavin was born on April 8, 1931 in Los Angeles, California to an Irish and Mexican family. He studied at St. John's Military Academy and at Stanford University. Gavin was married to Cecily Evans from 1957 until they divorced in the same year. They had seven children together. He married Constance Towers in 1974. He had two step-children.

Gavin died of pneumonia at his home in Los Angeles on February 9, 2018 at the age of 86.


Dale Robertson

Dayle Lymoine "Dale" Robertson (July 14, 1923 – February 27, 2013) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Jim Hardie in "Tales of Wells Fargo". He won the Golden Boot Award in 1985.

Robertson was born on July 24, 1923 in Hurrah, Oklahoma. He was raised in Claremore, Oklahoma. Robertson studied at Oklahoma Military Academy. He was married to Susan Robertson until his death in 2013. Robertson died on February 27, 2013 from pneumonia caused by lung cancer in his home in San Diego, California, aged 89.


Who is a Jew?

Who is a Jew? () is the basic question about the identity of Jews, or in other words: which people are considered to be Jewish. 

The definition of who is a Jew may depend on a few things. Because Judaism has no specific race, it can include characteristics of an ethnicity, religion, and citizenship, and so the definition of who is a Jew is not specific.

This question has been a subject to legal arguments, especially in Israel but also outside of it. There have been court cases in Israel since 1962 which had to address the question. In addition, the United Kingdom and other countries has had to consider whether the question was a racial issue or not.

It was an important question to the Nazi party in Germany. The Nazis decided who a Jew was with the Nuremberg Laws.

The question is based on the person's genealogy. Simple definition: a person is a Jew either by birth (in any case if one's mother is Jewish) or by religious conversion. 

However, some disagree. Therefore, the following need to be taken into account:




Logo of Wikipedia

The logo of Wikipedia, which is a free, open-source online encyclopedia, that's accessible in many languages, is a picture that shows the following description:

A cut globe made from Jigsaw puzzle pieces with some missing at the top, and has glyphs from many different writing systems. The reason for missing pieces is because there is a never ending amount of information, making Wikipedia never done.

As shown on the top and left corner web pages of the English-language version of Wikipedia, it says "Wikipedia" under it, and there's a text that says "The Free Encyclopedia", in a serif and free open-source font.

Registered user

A registered user is a person who uses a program or a website and signs up to them by providing his or her identity information.

Registered users may be different depending on the platform they are using, and could have some advantage over guest users in many aspects - however, criticism on the matter has been a big deal. 

Proteome

Proteome is a word made from the words protein and genome. It means all the proteins produced by an organism. It was suggested in 1994 by Marc Wilkins, Professor of Biotechnology at the University of New South Wales. 

University of New South Wales

The University of New South Wales (UNSW) is a university in Sydney, New South Wales. It is one of the most highly regarded schools in Australia. It was founded in 1949.


The Alphabet Killer

The Alphabet Killer is a 2008 American mystery crime thriller movie. It was given limited release on November 7, 2008. The movie is about the murders of three girls in Rochester, New York between 1971 and 1973. Eliza Dushku plays Megan Paige, an investigator for Rochester Police Department who is investigating the murders. Timothy Hutton plays killer Richard Ledge. This thriller got negative reviews from the critics.

Crop (anatomy)

A crop (sometimes called a croup or craw) is a thin-walled expanded portion of the alimentary canal used for storing food before digestion. It is found in many animals. It occurs in birds, some dinosaurs, and invertebrate animals such as gastropods (snails and slugs), earthworms, leeches, and insects.

In a bird's digestive system, the crop is an expanded, muscular pouch near the gullet or throat. It is a part of the digestive tract, essentially an enlarged part of the oesophagus. As with most other organisms that have a crop, the crop is used to temporarily store food. Not all birds have a crop. In adult doves and pigeons, the crop can produce crop milk to feed newly hatched birds.

Scavenging birds, such as vultures, gorge themselves when prey is abundant, causing their crop to bulge. They then sit, sleepy or half torpid, to digest their food.

Most raptors, including hawks, eagles and vultures (as stated above), have a crop; however, owls do not. 

Cropping is used by bees to temporarily store nectar of flowers. When bees "suck" nectar, it is stored in their crops. Pollen is stuffed into their knee bags.

In a gizzard, the food is ground down before digestion, usually by stones. Gizzards have a tougher lining, and muscles. The gizzard is lower down the digestive tract, and more like a part of the stomach.

The crop is just a storage device. Often, it pays a bird to feed while the going is good, and do the digestion later. In many birds and in bees, the food is eventually brought back to the nest and given to family members. 

In other species, food brought back to the nest is pre-digested. That would mean it is regurgitated (brought up) from the stomach.


Dassault Rafale

The Dassault Rafale is a fighter aircraft made by French airplane company Dassault Aviation. The prototype first flew in 1986 but was introduced in 2001 by the Marine Nationale. Rafale was introduced in Armée de l'Air in 2006.

Using the traditional delta wing of Dassault aircraft, the Rafale is a twin-engine fighter built in composite material and metal. Near the nose it has small "canard" wings used to stabilize the aircraft during certain phases of flight, especially at low altitude. The cockpit can be single or tandem seat, depending on aircraft type. It has an internal 30 mm calibre autocannon. Rafale has 13 or 14 hardpoints for external weapons : 

Maximum offensive load of the Rafale is 21 000 pounds (9 500 kg).

The Rafale avionics consists of an "RBE2" electronic scanning radar, the "OSF" passive visual system and "SPECTRA" electronic warfare. Under wings Rafale may take one or two pods of aerial reconnaissance. It uses the communication "Link 16" like as the majority of NATO combat aircraft.


In 2013 operational users of Rafale were: 

Early 2013 in France negotiating the sale of aircraft with Brazil, India, and UAE.

In the afghan war Armée de l'Air and Marine Nationale used there Rafale like bombers and reconnaissance planes. The main weapon of these aircraft was then laser guided bomb. French navy Rafale flown from French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle", named like famous general and political man. Last French Rafale mission in Afghanistan was in december 2011.

In the war of 2011 French Rafale and Mirage 2000 bombed the armed forces of Colonel Gaddafi. Some comes from aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle" but French air forces aircraft were from Solenzara air force base in Corsica. In this kind aerial refuelling were an obligation. Like in Afghanistan French pilots fired laser guided bombs, but also laser guided missiles.

In january 2013 France launch in Mali the "opération Serval" whose objective is to fight the Islamist terrorists who occupy the north. Air and land French forces are on alert, and immediately the first French fighter jets launched night bombing. Some are Rafale, but also Mirage 2000D. Once French troops involved, including the Légion Étrangère and Special forces, Rafale and Mirage 2000 were used for close air support. French fighter jets operating from internation airport of N'Djamena in Chad.

Independence Gate

The Independence Gate (, ) is a Korean political memorial gate, in Seoul, South Korea. The gate was designed by Seo Jae-pil.


Türkmenabat

Türkmenabat (or Turkmenabad; ) is a city in Turkmenistan. It used to be called Chardzhou (, ); Persian for "four canals"). It is the capital of Lebap Province. There were about 254,000 people living there in 2009.

French Air Force

The French Air Force (, literally Army of the Air) is the air force of France. It was formed in 1909 as the "Service Aéronautique de l'Armée", part of the French Army, and finally independent in 1934 in its current form. In 2013 it has an important fleet of aircraft.

In France the air force bases are called "Bases Aériennes" or "BA" and have a number, like Base Aérienne 117 in Paris.

Show and tell

Show and tell is a common expression. It is about showing an audience something and telling them about it. 

This group exercise is used to teach young children the skills of public speaking. For example, children will bring an item from home and will explain to the class why they chose that certain item, where they got it, and other relevant information.

The modern usage of this term began in the 1940s, but the general concept is older. For example, in one of William Shakespeare's plays, a character uses the same words to link something with words explaining it'

Spaghetti squash

The spaghetti squash ("Cucurbita pepo") is an oblong seed-bearing variety of winter squash. The fruit can range either from ivory to yellow or orange in color. The orange varieties have a higher carotene content. Its center contains many large seeds. Its flesh is bright yellow or orange. When raw, the flesh is solid and similar to other raw squash; when cooked, the flesh falls away from the fruit in ribbons or strands like spaghetti.

It is a superfood that contains lots of nutrients, including folic acid, potassium, vitamin A, and vitamin C, It is low in calories, averaging at least 42 calories per 1-cup (155 grams) serving.

Burning bush

The Burning Bush is an object described in the Book of Exodus. It was said to be on Mount Horeb. According to the narrative, the bush was on fire, but was not consumed (all burned up) by the flames. This is the reason for the name given to the bush. In the narrative, the "burning bush" is where Moses was chosen by God to lead the Israelites out of Egypt and into Canaan. 

Liana

Lianas are vines which live in rainforests. They are climbing plants which are rooted in the ground. Then they wrap around trees as they grow. Rain forests have them everywhere there are trees. 

The term "liana" refers to the vine, not the tree. It is not a taxonomic group: many plants have adopted this growth-mode.

Doctors of the Church

Doctor of the Church (from Latin "", to teach) is a title used in some Christian churches. It is given to people who are recognized as having been of particular importance, especially in their contribution to theology or doctrine. In the Catholic Church, this title is given to a saint who has written important works. The honour is given rarely, and only after canonisation. Saint Ambrose (330-397), Saint Augustine of Hippo (53-430), Saint Jerome, and Pope Gregory I are known as the Four Great Doctors (of the Western Church). In the Eastern Church, these are John Chrysostom, Saint Basil of Caesarea (or Basil the Great), Gregory of Nazianzus and Athanasius of Alexandria. Other Doctors of the Church include Thomas Aquinas, Anselm of Canterbury, Teresa of Ávila, Thérèse of Lisieux and Hildegard von Bingen.


Factoring (finance)

Factoring is a financial arrangement whereby a supplier of goods sells its trade receivables to the factor (bank) at discounted price for immediate cash payment. Factoring is selling rights to the future payments. People and companies that are receiving money from contracts every some time may be in need of extra money - so they sell rights to receive those payments for cash hence Factoring. This is done especially in construction business where companies are paid for parts of work completed instead of upfront payment. Such a company will sell future payments for small percentage fee and will receive all money they need to continue the work without delays.

The structured settlement factoring transaction can be really helpful for business in financial needs.
It provides business with better financing and more funds on hands in exchange for small percentage of total sum.

Some banks are entering field of Factoring trying to provide same service advertised by well known names.

Senigallia

Senigallia is a "comune" and seaport in Italy. It is on the Adriatic coastline, in the province of Ancona, in the Marche region. It is the second city of the province, after the capital, by the number of people living there.

It is an important seaside resort in the Marche region, and is visited every year by many person. Its beach is known as "Spiaggia di Velluto" (Velvet Beach).

Senigallia is on the Adriatic Sea, at the mouth of the Misa river. It has an area of and its altitude is .

The "comune" borders with the following "comuni"ː Belvedere Ostrense, Mondolfo (Province of Pesaro and Urbino), Monte San Vito, Montemarciano, Morro d'Alba, Ostra, Trecastelli.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Senigalliaː Bettolelle, Borgo Bicchia, Borgo Catena, Borgo Passera, Brugnetto, Cannella, Castellaro, Cesanella, Cesano, Ciarnin, Filetto, Gabriella, Grottino, Mandriola, Marzocca, Montignano, Roncitelli, Sant'Angelo, San Silvestro, Scapezzano and Vallone.

There are 44,706 persons living in the "comune" (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "senigalliesi".

Despite its ancient origin the city presents a modern appearance, with wide streets. Attractions include:


Senigallia is twinned with:

Free Studio

Free Studio is a free set of multimedia programs created by DVDVideoSoft. The software is combination of multiple programs of different use combined in one. You can download them as one in a package or separately.
Free Studio consists of 48 programs, grouped into eight sections: YouTube to MP3 converter, Audio, CD-DVD-BD, DVD & Video, Photo & Images, Mobiles, Apple Devices, 3D.
Free YouTube to MP3 Converter is one of the five most popular software applications according to Chip Magazine.

AT&amp;T U-verse

U-verse or at&t U-verse is a brand that provides internet connection, premium television channels and VoIP. Launched in June 26, 2006 it is available in 22 US states.
By 2011 U-verse was available to 30 million people. U-verse High Speed Internet had 6.5 million subscribers.

Fulfillment house

A fulfillment house or fulfillment centre are modern terms for a packing warehouse.

Standard types of these services are as follows: storage and warehousing (company stores an item until and order for that item is received), inventory control (maintaining and publishing inventory counts), pick and pack services (preparing ordered items for shipping) and shipping (outsourcing to courier or delivery companies).

Advantages of outsourcing to such companies are: facilities (in early stages of business development you may have no place and money needed to store your items), shipping costs (because of special shipping rates when you ship thousands of items, which is not available for small companies), shipping materials costs (same reason as before), fulfillment costs (beneficial pricing when all fulfillment activities are bundled in one order), e-Commerce (fulfillment houses use advanced e-Commerce systems to help in management).

On the other hand disadvantages of outsourcing are: indirect control (if there are any problems with services provided by the fulfillment company the blame and bad reputation will be on your company's shoulders) and product damage or shrinkage (fulfillment companies won't take full responsibility for any product damage or shrinkage until they're proven directly responsible).

Paulina Rubio

Paulina Susana Rubio Rue (born June 17, 1971), is a Mexican singer, actress, hostess, model and businesswoman. She has sold over 20 million records world wide.

Paulina's father, Enrique Rubio is of Spanish origin and her mother Susana Dosamantes is a Mexican. Her breakthrough came with the group Timbiriche in Mexico.
She was married to Nicolas Vallejo Najera and they have a son, Andrea Nicolás Vallejo Rubio. She currently lives in Miami, Florida.



Skin whitening

Skin whitening, skin lightening, or skin bleaching, is a technique of making a person's skin lighter. This is done by reducing the melanin responsible for dark skin. Some chemicals in form of pills and injections are available. Some of those chemicals (such as compounds of mercury) may be toxic. 

Most skin lightening treatments are done to moles and birthmarks, but lightening unaffected skin parts is also possible. More people use such treatments because prices have dropped and there is better availability.

The new methods using both lasers and LED systems are showing good results and are possible alternative to chemicals.

Susana Dosamantes

Susana Dosamantes Rul Riestra (9 January 1948 – 2 July 2022), was a Mexican actress.

She is the mother of Mexican pop diva Paulina Rubio, She has appeared in around 50 movies and TV series, including telenovelas.
On 11 January 2011, her ex-husband died from kidney cancer.

In her final years Dosamantes worked in the United States so that she could live near her daughter, Paulina. Both Susana and Paulina lived in Miami, Florida.

Dosamantes died on 2 July 2022 at the age of 74, in Miami from pancreatic cancer.



Potter Palmer

Potter Palmer (May 20, 1826 – May 4, 1902) was an American businessman and architect. Palmer is known for helping creating new streets in the city of Chicago after the Great Chicago Fire during the 1880s.

Palmer was born on May 20, 1826. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Potter was married to Bertha Honoré from 1871 until his death in 1902. They had two children. On May 4, 1902, Palmer died from heart failure in his home in Chicago, Illinois. He was 75 when he died. He is buried at Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.

Human chorionic gonadotropin

Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced during pregnancy. Some tumors might produce this hormone. From December 6, 2011, the [FDA] (Food and Drug Administration) made illegal selling hCG diet products in pharmacies.

Controversy about injected hCG for weight loss started marketing campaign for injections of "homeopathic hCG" for weight control. The ingredients in these products if prepared from true hCG via homeopathic dilution, will contain either no hCG at all or only small amount of it.

We can measure hCG level with Blood or urine tests. These can be done by pregnancy tests.

Below is a list of hCG levels during pregnancy. ("LMP" is the last menstrual period dated from the first day of your last period.) The level of hCG grows over the time during pregnancy.

Giovanni Bellini

Giovanni Bellini (; c. 1430 – 26 November 1516) was an Italian Renaissance painter based in Venice. His father Jacopo and his brother Gentile were also painters, as was his brother-in-law Mantegna. 

Bellini used a coloristic style exemplified by his use of clear oil paints, deep colors, and detailed shadings. His atmospheric landscapes influenced Venetian painting, particularly the work done by his pupils, Giorgione and Titian. 



International marketing

International marketing (IM) or global marketing is a marketing done on international level. The International Marketing is based on strategy created in home country of company and distributed to its other offices/affiliations. In most cases it is international company level (company have offices in different countries) market identification and targeting. International Marketing is very similar to Global marketing.
The main difference will be the fact that Global Marketing is focusing on intercontinental point of view.
The example of International Marketing would be where an English company would like to enter Chinese market. It will be done by either developing marketing strategy in their home country that will be then introduced in new market or they will hire a company to create such a plan.

International marketing is developed by many multinational companies on a global level. It is then send to local markets which make changes for their country and starts following new strategy. Such a way of creating marketing strategies ensures that the global brand will be following same strategy and targeting same buyers group.

Metroid: Other M

Metroid: Other M is an action-adventure video game published by Team Ninja and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Wii console. It is the latest game in the "Metroid" series. It was first announced at E3 2009. It was released on August 30, 2010 in North America, on September 2, 2010 in Japan and Australia, and on September 3, 2010 in Europe.

"Metroid: Other M" plays in both first person and third-person. It takes place between "Super Metroid" and "Metroid Fusion".

Harold Pinter

Harold Pinter CH CBE (10 October 1930 – 24 December 2008) was a British playwright, screenwriter, director and actor. Pinter was Jewish. He was born and raised in Hackney, east London.

His plays include: "The Birthday Party", "The Homecoming" and "Betrayal", all of which he adapted into movies. His adaptations of others' works include: "The Servant", "The Go-Between", "The French Lieutenant's Woman", "The Trial" and "Sleuth".

The critic Irving Wardle called Pinter's early plays ""comedies of menace"". He meant that the plays begin with an apparently innocent situation. The situation becomes both threatening and "absurd" as Pinter's characters behave in strange ways. Pinter acknowledged that Samuel Beckett influenced his early work. They became friends, sending each other drafts of their works in progress for comments.

Pinter was married to Vivien Merchant from 1956 until they divorced in 1980. He was married to Antonia Fraser from 1980 until his death. He was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer in 2001 and died from the disease in London seven years later when it metastasised to his liver.

Metroid Prime: Trilogy

Metroid Prime: Trilogy is a compilation video game for the Nintendo Wii console. It was released on August 24, 2009 in North America, on September 4, 2009 in Europe, and on October 15, 2009 in Australia. It includes the games "Metroid Prime", "", and "". In this game, "Metroid Prime" and "Metroid Prime 2: Echoes" have the same control system used in "Metroid Prime 3: Corruption". They also have shorter load times and better graphics.

Structured settlement

A Structured settlement is an insurance or financial arrangement that is negotiated to end a lawsuit. It is a legal agreement through which an insurance company agrees to make regular payments to a specific individual over a period of time.

Structured settlements created as a way for insurance companies to payout settlements in installments as opposed to large lump sums. Structured settlements may benefit injured people whose settlements might result in their owing taxes, by allowing them to reduce or delay tax payments. They may also benefit younger people or disabled people by providing periodic payments of money over an extended period of time.

Structured settlements require the paper holder (a name for the person who receives payments from the settlement) to wait before they will get money, by spreading payments over a number of years. However there are companies offering to buy such a structured settlement for upfront money. For example, a company might offer to buy a settlement that would be paid in 20 yearly payments for a one-time payment of lower value. Such financing may need to be approved by judge and the insurance company.

In the United States, the sale of a structured settlement may result in tax liability under the Internal Revenue Code.

Die Fledermaus

Die Fledermaus () is an opera by Johann Strauss II. Its first performance took place on April 5, 1874 at the Theater an der Wien in Vienna, Austria. The opera has been presented on New Year's Eve in Vienna since the early 1930s. "Die Fledermaus" is based on the French play "Le Réveillon" (1872) by Meilhac and Halévy.

Term life insurance

Term Life Insurance is life insurance that provides coverage for a specific period, or "term." Common terms might be 10, 20, or 30 years. Unlike other forms of life insurance, such as whole life or universal life, term insurance has no savings or investment component. It’s designed to pay out a death benefit if the insured person dies during the term.

"Affordability"


Because term life insurance is only death insurance, it is used to cover mortgages (guarantee that the bank will receive their money), payment to the families (upon death of insured person his family will usually receive repayment for funeral costs and in some cases will get some money), and repayment of debts.

Term Insurance as Mortgage Protection:

It's essential to regularly review the policy, especially if there are significant changes to the mortgage amount or structure. Refinancing, for instance, might extend the mortgage term, which could necessitate adjustments to the term life policy.

Eisteddfod

The Eisteddfod is a Welsh festival of literature and music. The idea of the festival goes back at least to the 12th century.


Denbighshire

Denbighshire is a shire in northeast Wales, in the United Kingdom. It has over 90,000 people. The largest town is Rhyl.


Rhyl

Rhyl (), pronounced "Rill", is a seaside resort and community in Denbighshire in North Wales. It is in the historic county of Flintshire and the preserved county of Clwyd. In 2011, the town's population was 25,149. This makes it one of the largest settlements in North Wales.

The town was once an elegant Victorian resort. Influences from Liverpool and Manchester, both cities in England, after World War II changed the town. By 1990, the town had declined. However, since then the town has had major regeneration.

It has a number of Grade II listed buildings. An example is the Parish Church of St Thomas in Bath Street. It is listed as Grade II*.

Very old documents refer to a small dwelling in the area called "Ty'n Rhyl". There is a manor house with that name that still exists in the town.

Mesh networking

Mesh networking is a kind of network topology, a way computer networks and other networks are laid out. In mesh networking, each node is connected to one or more other nodes. Information is passed from one node to the next, until it reaches its target destination. Such networks can be very reliable because there is usually more than one path from one node to another. When a node fails, the data will simply take another route. 

The disadvantage of such networks is that building them can be very expensive. A network in which each node is directly connected to every other node is called a fully connected network. Another type of a mesh network is a mobile ad hoc network. In such a network the nodes are mobile, and the network may reorganize itself while it is running. 

According to Reed's Law, the value of fully meshed networks is proportional to the exponent of the number of subscribers. Metcalf's Law, in contrast asserts that the value is proportional to the square of the number of subscibers.


The Emperor's New Clothes

"The Emperor's New Clothes" is a story by Hans Christian Andersen. The tale was first published on 7 April 1837 with "The Little Mermaid" in the third and final installment of Andersen's "Fairy Tales Told for Children". It was published in Copenhagen, Denmark by C. A. Reitzel. The story is based on one from the "Libro de los ejemplos del conde Lucanor y de Patronio|Libro de los ejemplos" (or "El Conde Lucanor", 1335) by Juan Manuel, Prince of Villena (1282–1348). This book was a medieval Spanish collection of fifty-one cautionary tales with various sources such as Aesop and other classical writers and Persian folktales. Andersen did not know the Spanish original, but read the tale in a German translation titled "So ist der Lauf der Welt". In the source tale, a king is hoodwinked by weavers who claim to make a suit of clothes invisible to any man not the son of his presumed father. Andersen altered the source tale to direct the focus on courtly pride and intellectual vanity rather than adulterous paternity.

Andersen's manuscript was at the printer’s when he suddenly changed the original climax of the tale from the emperor’s subjects admiring his invisible clothes to that of the child's cry. Andersen’s decision to change the ending may have occurred after he read the manuscript tale to a child, or had its source in a childhood incident similar to that in the tale. In 1872, he recalled standing in a crowd with his mother waiting to see King Frederick VI. When the king made his appearance, Andersen cried out, "Oh, he’s nothing but a human being!" His mother tried to silence him by crying, "Have you gone mad, child?". Whatever the reason, Andersen thought the change would prove more satirical.

The story tells of an Emperor who cares for nothing but new clothes. He hires two swindlers who promise him the finest suit of clothes. It will be made from a fabric invisible to anyone who is unfit for his position or "hopelessly stupid". The Emperor's ministers cannot see the clothing, but pretend that they can for fear of appearing unfit for their positions. The Emperor does the same. Finally the swindlers report that the suit is finished. They pretend to dress Emperor. He marches in procession before his subjects. The townsfolk play along with the pretense. Then a child in the crowd cries out that the Emperor is wearing nothing at all. The cry is taken up by others. The Emperor cringes, but holds his head high and continues the procession.



Shabbat

Shabbat is the name of the day of rest in Judaism. Shabbat happens on the seventh day (Saturday) of every week. In Judaism, the day is defined with the cycle of the sun: The day begins and ends at sunset, not midnight. So the seventh day of the week, Shabbat, begins Friday when the sun goes down, and ends Saturday night after it gets dark. The idea of Shabbat comes from the Bible's story of Creation. In that story, God creates the Universe and everything on Earth for six days. On the seventh day, he stops work. In the same way, Jews work on the first six days of the week and rest on the seventh day, Shabbat.

The word "Shabbat" began as a Hebrew word (). The English word "Sabbath" comes from the word "Shabbat". The English word can also be used to refer to Shabbat. The Christian idea of Sabbath came from the Jewish idea of Shabbat. Now, there are many differences between them.

The first part of the Jewish Bible, the Torah, says that work is not allowed on Shabbat. It is a day to rest and study the Torah.

In Jewish law, Shabbat is the most important Jewish holiday. It is even more important than Passover, Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. Jewish mystics say that the Shabbat day is meant to be like a perfect world. In this world, everyone knows about God and loves him. They believe that kind of world has not been seen since the Garden of Eden, and will not be seen again until the Messiah comes.

There are two versions of the Ten Commandments in the Bible. These versions use different words. The version in Exodus says "Remember Shabbat to keep it holy." The version in Deuteronomy says "Guard Shabbat to keep it holy." Jewish custom says that "remember" means to "celebrate" Shabbat. "Guard" means "resting"—not working or doing business.

Shabbat is a happy day. There are many ceremonies of Shabbat that help people celebrate the happiness of the day.


Enjoying Shabbat is very important, but Shabbat is a holy day. There are laws and rules in the Torah, the Mishnah and the Talmud about what Jews may and may not do on Shabbat. These laws help Jews keep Shabbat as a holy day.


Conservative Judaism also teaches Jews not to do activities in the 39 prohibited categories of work "(melacha)." Conservative rabbis are often less strict about what is "melacha" than Orthodox rabbis are. Conservative rabbis are almost always less strict about what is a prevention "(shevut)" than Orthodox rabbis. For example, Conservative rabbis allow Jews to use electricity on Shabbat for many purposes. They do not allow Jews to use electricity to do any of the 39 prohibited categories of work.

Many, if not most, "lay members" (not rabbis or prayer leaders) of Conservative synagogues in North America do not follow these laws. Progressive Judaism, including Reform Judaism, does not accept Jewish law as binding. These Jews may rest on Shabbat, but are not usually strict about not doing "melacha" or "shevut." They may even add practices not allowed under Orthodox Jewish law that they think improves their celebration of Shabbat. For example, they may drive to synagogue on Shabbat, or may use musical instruments on Shabbat. Orthodox Judaism does not allow either of those actions on Shabbat.

Shabbat ends after dark on Saturday night. The end of Shabbat is marked by a ceremony called "Havdalah" (). This is a Hebrew word meaning "division" or "separation". The ceremony "divides" or "separates" the holy day of Shabbat from the new week. The "Havdalah" blessings are spoken over a cup of wine. The "Havdalah" ceremony also uses spices with a nice smell and a candle with many "wicks" (cloth strings for lighting). After "Havdalah", people start doing regular weekday things again.

"Note 1." Sources here may not be in Simple English.<br>
"Note 2." Some Bible sources below include a Simple English version of the Jewish Publication Society's 1917 English translation. All Bible sources below include a link to the 1917 translation and the original Hebrew text.

Plural ignorance

Plural ignorance or pluralistic ignorance is a term which gives a name to a situation where a majority of group members privately reject a norm, but at the same time, they assume incorrectly that most others accept it. The term describes a context in which "no one believes, but everyone thinks that everyone believes." 

A context of plural ignorance can be caused by the structure of the underlying social network.

A situation of plural ignorance develops when each individual decision-maker in a group of decision-makers does not have the necessary information to solve a problem.

The term "pluralistic ignorance" was coined by Daniel Katz and Floyd H. Allport in 1931. 

Plural ignorance may partially explain why people are more likely to intervene in an emergency situation when alone than when other persons are present. If people monitor the reactions of others in such a situation, they may conclude from the inaction of others that other people think that it is not necessary to act. 


Millionaire Hot Seat

Millionaire Hot Seat is an Australian television game show. It is a spin-off of the game show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". It first aired on 20 April 2009. It is hosted by Eddie McGuire.

Six players compete for a prize of $1,000,000. Players are asked multiple choice questions with four possible answers. Each question has a time limit. The time limit is 15 seconds for the first five questions, 30 seconds for the next five questions, and 45 seconds for the last five. Players have one "pass" that they can use. If a player uses a pass, the question goes to the next player in line. That player can not use their pass on the question. If a player answers a question incorrectly, they are removed from the game, go home with nothing, and the top prize is lowered. If a player does not give an answer in the time limit, it is considered a pass. If they can not pass, they are removed from the game.

If the first player answers the first five questions correctly, they win a $1,000 bonus.

The game ends when all of the players are removed from the game or the last question is answered. If the question is answered correctly, the player wins the amount of money the question is worth. If it is answered incorrectly, the player goes home with nothing. If the 5th question was answered correctly, they leave with $1,000.


Bathroom cabinet

A bathroom cabinet (or medicine cabinet) is a cabinet in a bathroom. Most of the time it is located above bathroom sink. The main role of bathroom cabinet is to be place to keep drugs, hygienic equipment and toiletries like toothbrush and perfumes. Having a bathroom cabinet saves a space (it is located above sink which usually is unused space), helps to organize belongings in case of broken pipe or other kind of flooding in the bathroom.

Michel Aflaq

Michel Aflaq (‎, , 9 January 1910 – 23 June 1989) was a Syrian philosopher, sociologist and Arab nationalist. He is considered to be the principal founder of Ba'athism.

Ba'ath Party (Iraqi-dominated faction)

The Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party (also spelled Ba'th or Baath, "resurrection" or "renaissance"; "Hizb Al-Ba'ath Al-'Arabi Al-Ishtiraki"), also called the pro-Iraqi Ba'ath movement, is a Ba'athist political party headquartered in Baghdad, Iraq. It is one of two parties which formed in 1966 after split of the original Ba'ath Party. They ruled Iraq between 1968 and the 2003 invasion of Iraq.

Ba'athism

Ba’athism is an ideology which emerged in the Middle East in the twentieth century. It is a revolutionary ideology which stands for Arab nationalism, Pan-Arabism, anti-imperialism and socialism, though the ideology has taken different forms in different countries and periods. Ba’ath (Arabic: بعث) is an Arabic word which translates to ‘’resurrection’’ or ‘’revival’’. This term reflects what the groups and movements behind the ideology strive to accomplish, namely a rebirth of Arab culture, nationalism, values and society. The main thinker and founder of Ba’athism is Michel Aflaq. Due to Aflaq’s efforts Ba’athism has been established in the past in Syria and Iraq.

The emergence of Arab nationalism in the early twentieth century falls in line with the historical developments of the time as well as earlier ideological developments. Among the historical developments, is the Ottoman Empire’s neglect of the Arab region as well as their overusage of the region's agricultural resources during the period of World War I. After the Ottomans, there was the imperialist presence of the French and the British in former Ottoman regions like Syria and Iraq. The combination of being ruled by others as well as the rise of nationalist ideologies across the globe had given rise to Arab nationalism and eventually Ba’athism.

Since the first establishment of a Ba’athist party in Syria in the 1940s, there have been a number of different Ba'athist parties and figureheads. The most prominent examples are Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Hafez al-Assad and his son Bashar al-Assad in Syria. There are different forms of Ba'athism. However, the core principles can be reduced to the writings and ideas of Michel Aflaq. These principles are Arab nationalism, revolution, pan-Arabism, anti-imperialism and socialism.

When Aflaq speaks of (Arab) nationalism in an essay, he describes it as unconditional and even unquestionable love for the Arab nationality. Part of the love for the Arab nationality is to be of “useful service” to the Arab nation. This idea of the Arab citizens’ individual responsibilities and services ties in with the socialist aspects of Ba'athism.

In an address to a branch of the Arab Ba’ath Party, Aflaq speaks of "‘the Arab mission’". This ‘Arab mission’ is to return the Arabs to the greatness they were in the past and to unite the Arab regions to form one nation, also known as pan-Arabism. He says: "“The experience in which our struggle takes place is that of the Arab nation dismembered into different countries and statelets, artificial and counterfeit; we struggle until we can reunite these scattered members[…]”""." According to Aflaq, this mission can only be accomplished through revolution: "“Our past was a revolution and we will never reach its level or meet with it except through revolution.”"

In the year 1943, the Ba’ath Arab Socialist Party was founded in Syria by Michel Aflaq and Salah al-Din al-Bitar. The two met when they were studying in Paris from 1928 to 1934. The two were already nationalists before they went to study in France. However, it is during their stay in France that they learned about and adopted the ideas of socialism. They returned to Syria to work as teachers and in 1943 started the Ba’ath Arab Socialist Party. Syria became independent from France in 1946 and continued as a democracy. However, Syria still had problems within but also problematic relationships with the surrounding countries. The country was still in chaos and figuring itself out when the army decided to take matters into its own hands in 1949 by overthrowing the government. After this, a series of coups followed in quick succession. In 1958, Egypt and Syria formed a union to become the United Arab Republic. However, Syria decided to separate after 3 years in 1961, because Egypt was too dominant in the union. Throughout the years, Ba'athist ideas had been spreading in Syria and also within parts of the Syrian army. This resulted in a Ba'athist coup in 1963 by army officers. Among these officers was Hafez al-Assad who later in 1970 seized power in Syria.

Hafez al-Assad and his son Basher al-Assad have ruled Syria under the Ba’ath party and their version of the Ba’ath ideology. Hafez al-Assad ruled over Syria from 1970 until his death in 2000. During his reign, many atrocities as well as assassinations took place against those who opposed him. After his death, his son Basher al-Assad succeeded him and to-date rules over Syria. Under his reign, the Syrian Civil War started.

After the Ba’ath party was established in 1943 in Syria, Ba’athism reached Iraq in the late 1940s and became well known among young university students. In 1951, Fu ‘ad al-Rikabi became the founder and first leader of the Iraqi Regional Branch. The Iraqi Regional Branch was an Iraqi version of the Arab Socialist Ba’ath Party. With time, more students became a member of the Iraqi Ba’ath party. By 1955, its members numbered 300. In 1956, Saddam Hussein became a member as well. On July 17, 1968, the party succeeded in overthrowing the government after a failed coup d'état in 1963, and began its thirty-five-year domination of Iraq.

After the overthrow in 1968, Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr was appointed as the new president of Iraq. During his reign, he nationalised the Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC), which stimulated the economic growth of the country. In July 1979, Saddam Hussein took over the presidentship of al-Bakr and started his twenty-four-year rulership. In 1980, the Iran-Iraq war emerged, which has seen eight years of severe violence and is notable for the use of chemical and biological warfare. In 1990, Iraq led the invasion of Kuwait, which led to its second major war, namely the Gulf war in 1991. In 2003, the reign of Saddam Hussein and the Ba'ath party came to an end when the United States led the invasion of Iraq, also known as the start of the Iraq war.

In May 2003, the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) recognized, through Resolution 1483, the military occupation of Iraq by the United States and the United Kingdom. They ended the economic sanctions, which had been in place for thirteen years, and permitted humanitarian aid, reconstruction and the establishment of a new government. Despite the optimistic plans for the future, Iraq was close to collapse at the end of 2006, which was also caused by the execution of Saddam Hussein on December 30th. The loss of the then Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and his party, who was at power since 2006, during the 2010 elections for a new assembly and government, and the departure of the US forces in 2011 contributed to a tense situation. In addition to the political tension, Iraq has also suffered a lot from Islamic extremist organizations such as Al-Qaeda and ISIS until today.

Denton Cooley

Denton Arthur Cooley (August 22, 1920 – November 18, 2016) was an American heart surgeon. He was known for doing the first implantation of a complete artificial heart. Cooley was also the founder and surgeon in-chief of The Texas Heart Institute, chief of Cardiovascular Surgery at St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital, consultant in Cardiovascular Surgery at Texas Children's Hospital, and a clinical professor of Surgery at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston.

He studied zoology in the University of Texas and graduated in 1941. He began his medical education at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston. He completed his medical degree and his surgical training at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland, where he also completed his internship. At Johns Hopkins, he worked with Dr. Alfred Blalock and helped with the first Blue Baby procedure to treat a child's congenital heart defect.

In 1946, Cooley served as chief of surgical services at the station hospital in Linz, Austria for the Army Medical Corps. He was discharged (released) in 1948 with the rank of captain. Then, he returned to Johns Hopkins to remain as an instructor in surgery. In 1950, he went to London to work with Lord Russell Brock.

Cooley died at his home in Houston on November 18, 2016, aged 96.

Pizzicato Polka

The Pizzicato Polka is a piece of orchestral music by Johann Strauss II. Strauss composed it with his brother Josef in 1869 for a trip to Imperial Russia. It was published in 1870. The polka was written for string orchestra and glockenspiel. It was hugely popular, especially in Italy, where it was included on every program Strauss played there. The piece consists of four melodies and the work is arranged in ternary form (A-B-A). The piece is scored for plucked strings.

Emeritus

Emeritus is a title given to a professor, bishop or other person with an important office. The title says that these people, while still holding their title, no longer practice their function. Usually, this is done because of old age. Usually the "emeritus" is put after the official title of the person, as in "Professor emeritus".

In the time of the Roman Empire, it was used for soldiers, to say that they no longer needed to serve in the army. That way, a Bishop emeritus no longer needs to take part in the celebration of the mass, but he is still able to perform confirmations or to ordain priests. 

Mumford &amp; Sons

Mumford & Sons are an English folk rock band from London. 

The band was formed in 2007 by band members Marcus Mumford, Ben Lovett, Winston Marshall and Ted Dwane. Lead vocalist Marcus Mumford organised the band and their performances and was one of the most visible members of the band because of this the band decided to use the name Mumford & Sons.

They released their debut studio album "Sigh No More" on 2 October 2009. They later released their second studio album "Babel" on 21 September 2012. "Babel" won a Grammy Award for "Album of the Year" at the 2013 Grammy Awards. They were also a part of the documentary "Big Easy Express" which won a Grammy Award for "Best Long Form Music Video".




Kings Island

Kings Island is a amusement park located northeast of Cincinnati in Mason, Ohio, United States. The park is owned and operated by the Cedar Fair company. It operates from April to December. The park features 48 rides total and has 14 roller coasters including Banshee, The Bat, Mystic Timbers, , Diamondback, and other attractions. The park opened to the public on April 29, 1972. Great Wolf Lodge nearby, is next to the amusement park.

The newest ride at Kings Island is Orion.

Symphony No. 94 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 94 in G major is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. It was first performed in London on 23 March 1792 under Haydn's direction. It is nicknamed the Surprise Symphony. The symphony's nickname is derived from the sudden loud chord played by the entire orchestra in the second movement. This movement is a set of variations on a sweet, gentle theme. The chord was Haydn's afterthought; it does not appear in the manuscript. One theory suggests Haydn inserted this loud chord saying, "That will make the ladies jump!". Another theory suggests he inserted it to wake up the music lovers who had dozed off after their dinners and drinks. Another theory suggests he inserted it to make the symphony memorable in light of the competition he faced from a series of London concerts directed by Ignaz Pleyel.


MedlinePlus

MedlinePlus is a free website that gives free consumer health information for patients, families, and health care providers. The site has information from the United States National Library of Medicine, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), other U.S. government agencies, and health-related organizations. The U.S. National Library of Medicine produces and maintains the site. MedlinePlus includes a companion site in Spanish, which offers similar content for the Spanish-speaking community. It also offers a mobile site in both English and Spanish optimized for display on mobile devices. Over 150 million people from around the world use MedlinePlus each year. 

MedlinePlus contains:

Medical Subject Headings

Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) is a way to keep track of for the purpose of journal articles and books in the life sciences; it can also serve as a thesaurus that makes searching easier. Created and updated by the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM), it is used by the MEDLINE/PubMed article database and by NLM's catalog of book holdings.

MeSH was introduced in 1963. The yearly printed version was discontinued in 2007 and MeSH is now available online only. It can be browsed and downloaded free of charge through PubMed. Originally in English, MeSH has been translated into numerous other languages and allows retrieval of documents from different languages.

Diseases Database

The Diseases Database is a database on a free website that gives information about the relationships between medical conditions, symptoms, and medications. The database is run by Medical Object Oriented Software Enterprises Ltd, a small company based in London, UK.

The site's stated aim is "education, background reading and general interest" with an intended audience "physicians, other clinical healthcare workers and students of these professions". The editor of the site is stated as Malcolm H Duncan, a UK qualified medical doctor.

The Diseases Database is based around a collection of concepts related to human medicine. These concepts include diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results. These are referred to as 'items'.
There are around 8,000 items within the database.

EMedicine

eMedicine is an online research tool for clinical studies. It was founded in 1996 by two medical doctors, Scott Plantz and Richard Lavely. The website is searchable by keyword. It has about 6,800 articles, each of which is associated with one of 62 clinical subspecialty textbooks. Pediatrics, for example, consists of 14 subspecialty textbooks (endocrinology, genetics, cardiology, pulmonology, etc.). For example, 750 articles are the textbook on emergency medicine. Each article is authored by board-certified specialists in the subspecialty to which the article belongs. The article's authors are identified with their current jobs. Each article is updated yearly and the date is published on the article.

It was sold to WebMD in January 2006.

The site is free to use, requiring only registration. More than 10,000 contributors from several countries participated in the creation of the articles. It is operated as an e-book, the articles can be downloaded into a palm top device.

It was originally conceived in 1996 as an emergency medicine textbook but its content has expanded a lot since then to include allergy and immunology, cardiology, clinical procedures, critical care, dermatology, emergency medicine, endocrinology, gastroenterology. genomic medicine, hematology, infectious diseases, nephrology, neurology, obstetrics/gynecology, oncology, pathology, perioperative care, physical medicine and rehabilitation, psychiatry, pulmonology, radiology, rheumatology, and sports medicine. Surgical subspecialties include neurosurgery, ophthalmology, orthopedic surgery, (ENT) and facial plastic surgery, plastic surgery, thoracic surgery, transplantation, Trauma, urology, and vascular surgery.


ICD-10 Chapter X: Diseases of the respiratory system

The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 10th Revision (ICD-10) is a list of diseases and signs, symptoms, abnormal findings, complaints, social circumstances and external causes of injury or diseases. Each item is given a code by the World Health Organization (WHO).

Nanna (Norse deity)

In Norse mythology, Nanna is the goddess of joy and peace. She is a wife of Baldur.

Nanna is also the Norse goddess of the Moon. She dies of a broken heart after Baldur is killed because of Loki convincing Höðr to kill him. 

Bristle

A bristle is a stiff hair or feather. Also used are synthetic materials such as nylon in items such as brooms and sweepers. Bristles are often used to make brushes for cleaning uses: common examples are the toothbrush and toilet brush. The bristle brush is a common household cleaning tool, often used to remove dirt or grease from pots and pans.

Le Roy le veult

""Le Roy le veult"" ("The King wills it") or ""La Reyne le veult"" ("The Queen wills it") is a Norman French line used in the Parliament of the United Kingdom to show that a public or private bill has received Royal Assent from the Monarch.

The practice of giving Royal Assent came from William the Conqueror to show that the King intended for something to be made law. Norman French came to be used as the normal language of the educated classes and of the law, though Latin continued to be used with it. The work of the Parliament of England was conducted entirely in French until the latter part of Edward III's reign (1327–1377) and English was only rarely used before the reign of Henry VI (1422–61, 1470–71). Royal Assent was sometimes given in English, though more often in French. The practice of recording Parliamentary statutes in French or Latin stopped by 1488 and statutes have been published in English ever since.

During the period of the Protectorate, when the Lord Protector (Oliver Cromwell and later his son Richard) governed the country, assent was given in English. The old practice of giving assent in Norman French was resumed following the Restoration in 1660 and has continued ever since. There has only been one attempt to remove it, when the House of Lords passed a bill in 1706 "for abolishing the use of the French tongue in all proceedings in Parliament and courts of justice." The bill failed to pass the House of Commons. Although the use of French in courts was later abolished in 1731, Parliament's practice was not affected.

The line is used to show that the Monarch has granted their Royal Assent to a bill in order to make it become law. It is used by the Clerk of the Parliaments in the House of Lords. It is only used after the Lord Chancellor with the Lords Commissioners, has read out the Letters patent for the bill. The Clerk of the Crown then reads out the short title of the bill and the Clerk of the Parliament responds by saying the line 19 times towards the House of Commons at the bar of the House. The line is also written on the paper of the bill to show that the Monarch granted Royal Assent to the bill.

The line has been used wrongly on other bills, same as the wrong line has also been used for government bills. There are a few occasions where this has happened, most notably on the Act of Supremacy 1558 where ""Soit fait comme il est désiré"", the line used for personal bills, was used instead of ""La Reyne le veult"".

If the Royal Assent is refused, the line ""Le Roy / La Reyne s'avisera"" would be used, though in practice no British monarch since Queen Anne has not given royal assent since a dispute over militia in Scotland in 1707.

George Herriman

George Joseph Herriman (August 22, 1880 – April 25, 1944) was an American cartoonist. He is best known for his comic strip "Krazy Kat" (1913–1944).


Sam Champion

Samuel James "Sam" Champion (born August 13, 1961) is the weather anchor of ABC's "Good Morning America" and weather editor of ABC News. Champion was born in Paducah, Kentucky. He has a B.A. in broadcast journalism from Eastern Kentucky University. He worked on "Good Morning America" as a weatherman, making reportedly $1.5 million per year. On April 7, 2012, he debuted as host of "Sea Rescue", an educational and informational television program that focuses on the rescue, rehabilitation, and release of animals back into the wild. 

Champion is active in many charitable organizations in the New York City area including the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, March of Dimes, and "Stopping AIDS Together". He co-hosted the New York City Project's 2002 "Courage Awards". On 20 February 2013 "The Wall Street Journal" reported that a former Mets teammate of baseball player Mike Piazza's said in 2000 that Piazza and Champion were involved in a homosexual relationship. Piazza denied this in 2002. Champion and his longtime partner Rubem Robierb were married on December 21, 2012. 

Champion left "Good Morning America" in December 2013, and later moved to The Weather Channel hosting "AMHQ" from March 2014 until October 2015.

Opera House, Royal Tunbridge Wells

The Opera House is a former opera house and current pub in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England. It is also a Grade II listed building.

River Medway

The River Medway is a river which flows for from the High Weald in Sussex, through Kent to the point where it enters the Thames Estuary. The river becoms tidal after Allington Lock.

The major tributaries of the medway are:


Until 1746 the river was impassable above Maidstone. The Environment Agency is the navigation authority.

The Incredible Hulk Coaster

The Incredible Hulk is a steel launched roller coaster. It is at Islands of Adventure in Orlando, Florida. It is themed and named after Hulk, a popular comic book superhero character. It has a launched tube known as the Gamma Tube that the roller coaster launches from. The ride was manfactured by Bolliger & Mabillard and has 7 inversions. It was the only Bolliger & Mabillard launched roller coaster in the world until Thunderbird opened.

The Incredible Hulk has the following inversions:

Church of King Charles the Martyr, Royal Tunbridge Wells

The Church of King Charles the Martyr is a Church of England parish church in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England. It is a Grade I listed building. 

EADS Harfang

The EADS Harfang is an unmanned aerial vehicle developed for service in the French Air Force. 

The project was inspired by the IAI Heron, an Israeli drone aircraft shown at the 1999 Paris Air Show. It was built by EADS, the European Aeronautics and Space company now part of Airbus.

Its name comes from "Harfang des neiges", the French name for the snowy owl, a raptor (bird of prey).

The Harfang is a twin-boom aircraft, propelled by a rear-mounted engine. Avionics include GPS. It has no weapon on board.


In May 2011, it was used for observation of the G8 meeting in Deauville. 
In January 2013, France used this plane for reconnaissance against Islamist terrorists who occupy the north of Mali.

Jimmy Roberts (singer)

Jimmy Roberts (April 6, 1923 - February 6, 1999) was an American singer. He performed on "The Lawrence Welk Show" from 1955 to 1982. He sang several songs during his years on "The Lawrence Welk Show".

Roberts was originally from Kentucky. He was married from 1985 until he died. He had four children. He died in 1999 in Clearwater, Florida.

John Ruskin

John Ruskin (8 February 1819 – 20 January 1900) was the leading English art critic of the Victorian era. He was also an art patron, draughtsman, watercolourist, a prominent social thinker and philanthropist. He was hugely influential in the last half of the 19th century, up to the First World War. 

Ruskin wrote on a wide range of subjects. These included geology, architecture, myths, ornithology, literature, education, botany, and political economy. In all his writing, he emphasised the connections between nature, art and society. He also made detailed sketches and paintings of rocks, plants, birds, landscapes, and architectural structures and ornamentation.

Ruskin first came to widespread attention with the first volume of "Modern Painters" (1843), an extended essay in defence of the work of J. M. W. Turner. He argued that the principal role of the artist is "truth to nature". From the 1850s he championed the Pre-Raphaelites who were influenced by his ideas. 

In 1869, Ruskin became the first Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Oxford, where he established the Ruskin School of Drawing. He founded the Guild of St George, an organisation that still exists.


Apatite

Apatite is a group of phosphate minerals with high concentrations of OH, F, Cl or ions, respectively, in the crystal.

Apatite is characteristic of biological systems. It is one of a few minerals produced and used by biological micro-environmental systems. It hardness defines 5 on the Mohs scale. Hydroxyapatite is the main component of tooth enamel and bone mineral.

Much bone material is in a relatively rare form of apatite. In this form most of the OH groups are absent, and there are many carbonate and acid phosphate substitutions.

Fluorapatite (or fluoroapatite) is more resistant to acid attack than is hydroxyapatite. In the mid-20th century it was discovered that communities whose water supply naturally contained fluorine had lower rates of dental caries. Fluoridated water allows exchange in the teeth of fluoride ions for hydroxyl groups in apatite. Similarly, toothpaste often includes a source of fluoride anions (e.g. sodium fluoride, sodium monofluorophosphate).

Diana Serra Cary

Diana Serra Cary (born Peggy-Jean Montgomery; October 29, 1918 – February 24, 2020), known as Baby Peggy, was an American silent movie actress, author, and historian. Cary was one of the last surviving actors from the silent movie era. She retired in 1938. She then wrote books about her career.

Cary was born on October 26, 1918 in Merced, California. She studied at Lawlor Professional School and at Fairfax High School. She was raised in San Diego, California. 

Cary was married to Gordon Ayres from 1938 until they divorced in 1948. Then she was married to Bob Cary from 1954 until his death in 2001. She has one son, Mark Cary. 

Cary died on February 24, 2020 in Gustine, California at the age of 101. 


Marie Osborne

Marie Osborne Yeats (born Helen Alice Myres; November 5, 1911 – November 11, 2010), was an American actress, credited as Baby Marie between 1914 and 1919.

Osborne was born on November 5, 1911 in Denver, Colorado. She was raised in Long Beach, California. Osborne was married to Frank J. Dempsey from 1931 until they divorced in 1936. They had one daughter, Joan. Then she was married to Murray F. Yates from 1945 until his death in 1975. Osborne died on November 11, 2010 in her home in San Clemente, California from natural causes, aged 99.


Jean Darling

Jean Darling (born Dorothy Jean LeVake; August 23, 1922 – September 4, 2015) was an American silent movie actress, singer, and writer. She was been in many movies when she was a child. She was one of the last surviving actors from the silent movie area. 

Darling was born on August 23, 1922 in Santa Monica, California. She was married to Reuben Bowen from 1954 until his death in 1980. They have a son, Roy Bowen. Darling lived in Dublin, Ireland where she writes many books about her career. She died on September 4, 2015 at her son's house in Rodgau, Germany at the age of 93.


Lupita Tovar

Lupita Tovar (July 27, 1910 – November 12, 2016) was a Mexican-American silent movie actress. She was known for her role in the 1931 Spanish version of "Dracula". 

Tovar was born on July 27, 1910 in Matías Romero, Oaxaca, Mexico. She began acting and was raised in Mexico City, Mexico. Tovar was married to Paul Kohner from 1932 until his death in 1988. They had a daughter, Susan Kohner.

Tovar died on November 12, 2016 at her home in Los Angeles, California of heart disease, aged 106.

Carla Laemmle

Rebecca Isabelle "Carla" Laemmle (October 20, 1909 – June 12, 2014) was an American silent movie actress. She was one of the last surviving and oldest actors from the silent movie era. Her best known roles was in "Dracula" (1931). She retired in 2012 at the age of 103. She was the niece of Carl Laemmle.

Laemmle was born on October 20, 1909 in Chicago, Illinois. She was of German Jewish ancestry.

Laemmle died from natural causes on June 12, 2014 in Los Angeles, California, aged 104.

Dear John (movie)

Dear John is a 2010 American war drama movie set in Charleston, South Carolina. It stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. The movie is about a soldier who falls in love with a college student called Savannah Lynn Curtis.

It is based on the novel of the same name.

Theodore Taylor

Theodore Taylor (June 23, 1921 – October 26, 2006) was an American author and singer. He wrote more than 50 books, but is mostly known for his Edgar Award-winning book "The Weirdo" and "The Cay".

Taylor was born on June 23, 1921 in Statesville, North Carolina. He was never married and had no children. Taylor died on October 26, 2006 in his home in Laguna Beach, California from a heart attack, aged 85.


Kunani

Kunani () is a city in Kohdasht County, Lorestan, Iran. There were 3,746 people living here in 2006.

Dazed and Confused

Dazed and Confused is a 1993 American comedy movie. It is about the lives of teenagers during their last days of high school in May 1976 in Austin, Texas. Milla Jovovich plays Michelle. Parker Posey plays Darla Marks. This movie was released on September 24, 1993 in the United States. It made only $7.9 million, though reviews were extremely positive thanks to its cult status.

Scrabble (game show)

Scrabble was a television game show that aired from 1984 to 1993. It was based on the "Scrabble" board game. It was hosted by Chuck Woolery. on July 2 1984-June 11 1993 After NBC on USA Network 1994 During Press Your Luck or Other 2 Slot Number or 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Letter A-Z Like Wheel of Fortune Hangman (1975) on March 1984-June 1993 Both in 1984 One March or July or Other Calendar Year Month Hosted Chuck Woolrey in 1973 Born Until December 25 1981 Finale

Two players competed. At the start, a computer image of the "Scrabble" board was shown. A letter would be given in the center space. The host told the players the number of letters in the word, and then read a clue to the word. The player would take two numbered tiles. These tiles were placed in a slot, giving the player two letters. The player would then choose a letter to place in the word. If the letter was in the word, it was placed into the word. The player then made a guess to the word or placed the other tile. If the player could not guess the word after placing the tile, they took two more tiles. Play continued until the player guessed the word (done by the player hitting their buzzer) or there was only one letter left in the word. If a correct guess was made, the player won the word. If an incorrect guess was made, play passed to the other player. Three words won the game. Two games were played with two different players.

Three of the letters were "Stoppers," a letter that was not in the word. If one of those letters were chosen, the player lost their turn.

Some of the letters were placed into blue and pink squares. If the player guessed the word after placing a letter into one of these squares, they won a bonus. A blue square was worth $500, while a pink square was worth $1,000 to Count Money

If all three stoppers were chosen, there was a 2-2 tie, or time was running short, Speedword was played. In Speedword, each letter in the word was revealed one at a time. The first player to buzz in with a correct guess won the word. 3 Stoopers 1 or 2

The two winning players of the main game played in the Scrabble Sprint. Here, the winners of the two games competed to guess four words in the fastest time. The four words were six, seven, eight, and nine letters long. The winner of the first game played first. For each word, the player was told the number of letters in the word, and then was given a clue. When the host said to start, the clock started counting up. The player was given two letters, and selected one to place in the word. When the player wanted to guess the word, they hit a buzzer and made their guess. If correct, they moved on to the next word. If incorrect, ten seconds was added to their time, and they had to play another word of the same length. Once the player guessed all four words, the clock stopped. This set the time for the second player to beat.

The second player played with the same four words. This time around, the clock counted down. If the second player got all four words within this time, the player won. If not, the first player won.

The winner of the Scrabble Sprint moved on to the Bonus Sprint. Here, the player had to get two words within ten seconds. The rules were the same as the Scrabble Sprint. If the player got both words, they won a jackpot that started at $5,000 and increased by $1,000 each day that it was not won.

"Scrabble" aired from 1984 to 1990 on NBC. It was later revived in 1993 on the same network.

Inverted roller coaster

Inverted Coaster ("sometimes known as Inverts by Coaster enthusiasts") is a roller coaster designed by Bolliger and Mabillard and was first conceived in 1992. Unlike the other coaster which above the track, This coaster sits you by the bottom of the track, making a flying sensation.

The inverted coaster was coined by the Swiss roller coaster designers Bolliger & Mabillard (B&M) In 1991/92. The first installation of the Inverts came at Six Flags Great America in 1992. Batman: The Ride opened to much fanfare and was "cloned" many times at other parks. The inverted coaster quickly became an favorite with custom designs installed nearly every year. The tallest and fastest inverted coaster is Wicked Twister at Cedar Point at 215 feet (66 m) tall and reaching speeds up to 72 miles per hour. Although, it was not built by B&M. The longest inverted coaster is Banshee at Kings Island which travels along 4,124 feet of track. 

Other roller coaster manufacturers followed in the footsteps of Bolliger & Mabillard and began working on their own inverted coaster designs, including Vekoma, Intamin (Which was the builders of Wicker Twister in 2002) and other smaller companies. Intamin has few designs classified as inverted coasters, although they do install inverted coaster trains on some of their launched designs. Vekoma

In recent years, Vekoma has become the first manufacturer to install a family-friendly inverted roller coaster.

The inversions usually include vertical loops, zero gravity rolls, Immelmann loops, cobra rolls, and corkscrews.

189 inverted roller coasters have been installed at various theme parks, some of which have been relocated. The following list is not exhaustive and only shows the most notable installations.

Will.i.am

William James Adams Jr. (born March 15, 1975), known professionally as will.i.am (pronounced "Will-I-am"), is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, actor, and record producer. He is best known as a founding and lead member of the musical group Black Eyed Peas.

As a solo artist, will.i.am has released four solo albums. His first album "Lost Change", was released in 2001 through Atlantic Records. His second album, "Must B 21", was released on September 23, 2003. The track "Go!" was regularly used as the theme for "NBA Live 2005" and "Madden NFL 2005". The third album, "Songs About Girls", was released on September 25, 2007. He released his fourth studio album, "#willpower", in 2013.

As a record producer, will.i.am has produced music with other artists. In collaborations and with the Black Eyed Peas, he has a total of 41 top-40 entries on the UK Singles Chart since 1998, and has sold 9.4 million singles in the UK.


Rachel Portman

Rachel Mary Berkeley Portman, OBE (born 11 December 1960) is a English composer, best known for composing music for movies. She was the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Original Score



Salmon P. Chase

Salmon Portland Chase (January 13, 1808 – May 7, 1873) was an American politician and jurist who was U.S. Senator from Ohio and the 23rd Governor of Ohio; as U.S. Treasury Secretary under President Abraham Lincoln; and as the sixth Chief Justice of the United States. He was one of the most famous Republicans of his time.

Chase was born on January 13, 1808 in Cornish, New Hampshire. He was raised in Windsor, Vermont and Worthington, Ohio. He studied at Cincinnati College and in Dartmouth College. Chase was married to Katherine Garmiss from 1834 until they divorced. Then he was married to Eliza Ann Smith from 1839 until they divorced. Then he was married to Sarah Dunlop from 1846 until his death in 1873. He had six daughters. Chase died on May 7, 1873 in New York City, New York from an illness, aged 65.


America's Next Top Model (season 20)

America's Next Top Model", Cycle 20 (also known as America's Next Top Model: Guys & Girls") is the twentieth season of "America's Next Top Model". It is the fourteenth season to be shown on The CW. The season started in summer 2013. Tyra Banks, Kelly Cutrone, Bryanboy, and Rob Evans returned as judges on the show. Like in the previous cycle, the public votes on contestants.

It is the first season of "America's Next Top Model" to include more than fourteen contestants. It is also the first to have male contestants in the competition. Male contestants has happened previously in Spain's "Supermodelo 2008" and Bosnia and Herzegovina's "OBN Star Model".

The prizes for this cycle are:


"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

"casting episode"








"recap episode"






Conserved sequence

Conserved sequences are similar or identical sequences which occur in DNA, and cause sequences in RNA, proteins and carbohydrates.

These sequences occur across species. This shows that the sequences has been maintained in evolution despite speciation. The further back up the phylogenetic tree a particular conserved sequence occurs, the more highly conserved it is. Since sequence information is normally transmitted from parents to progeny by genes, a conserved sequence implies that there is a conserved gene.

Conservation of a sequence happens when mutations in a highly conserved region lead to non-viable life forms, that is, a form which is eliminated through natural selection. In other words, the product of the gene is vital to life, and its function is destroyed by almost all changes (mutations) to the sequence.

The basic theory, widely agreed, is that highly conserved DNA sequences must have functional value, though the role for many of these highly conserved non-coding DNA sequences is not known. One recent study that eliminated four highly conserved non-coding DNA sequences in mice yielded viable mice with no significant phenotypic differences; the authors described their findings as "unexpected". So there is clearly something here which is not understood.

Many regions of the DNA, including highly conserved DNA sequences, consist of repeated sequence elements. If only one of a set of a repeated sequences was removed, and the repetitions were not needed, then no difference would be seen in the mice. The paper did not report whether the eliminated sequences were repeated sequences.

Highly conserved proteins are often required for cells to work or divide. Conservation of protein sequences is shown by the presence of identical amino acid residues at analogous parts of proteins. Conservation of protein structures is indicated by the presence of functionally equivalent, though not necessarily identical, amino acid residues and structures between analogous parts of proteins.

Shown below is an amino acid sequence alignment between two human zinc finger proteins. Conserved amino acid sequences are marked by strings of formula_1 on the third line of the sequence alignment. As can be seen from this alignment, these two proteins contain a number of conserved amino acid sequences (represented by identical letters aligned between the two sequences).
The research field which studies the evolution and function of multigene families is called comparative genomics.

FAMAS

The FAMAS (Fusil d'Assaut de la Manufacture d'Armes de Saint-Étienne, in English "Assault Rifle from the Saint-Étienne Weapon Factory") is a bullpup-styled assault rifle designed and manufactured in France. It's the main assault rifle of the French Army, French Air Force, and French Navy since 1980. It was also sold for export.

Designed in 1973 FAMAS uses a 5.56mm NATO (.223) caliber cartridge. Muzzle velocity is between 925m/s and 960m/s following variants.



Militaries and polices of that countries uses FAMAS.

Sabbath (disambiguation)

Sabbath is a weekly day of rest or worship in Islam, Judaism, and Christianity:

It might also mean:

Substitution reaction

In chemistry, a substitution reaction happens when an atom or a group of atoms is replaced by a different one. Substitution reactions can be of many different types.

In organic chemistry, the main ones are nucleophilic substitution and electrophilic substitution. These take their names from electrophiles and nucleophiles. However, substitution reactions can also happen under other conditions. For example, photochemical reactions (reactions that use light instead of heat) are used to put halogens in a molecule. Another example is using free radicals. Choosing the correct solvent and temperature conditions is very important to make sure that the reaction happens. Sometimes an elimination reaction can happen instead.

The product of a substitution reaction is often called a substituted molecule. For example, phenol can be called a substituted benzene.

Joey Lauren Adams

Joey Lauren Adams (born January 9, 1968) is an American actress. She acts mostly in movies. She has a strong raspy voice. She acted in the comedies "Chasing Amy" (1997) and "Mallrats" (1995).

Adams was born in North Little Rock, Arkansas.

The American President

The American President is a 1995 romance-comedy movie. It was released in November 1995. The story is about political subjects and romance. Annette Bening and Michael Douglas play the main characters. Martin Sheen and Michael J. Fox also star. This romance-comedy grossed near $108 million in the box office, which was only a modest success, though it remained a favorite for cable and home video. The reviews on this were very positive. Rob Reiner directed the movie.

Daniel Geale

Daniel Geale (born 26 February 1981) is an Australian professional boxer. He won the Ocean Mastership and the Commonwealth Games.

He started to box as a pro in 2004. He won the International Boxing Organization title in 2007 against Gary Comer. He defended the title five times after he lost it against Anthony Mundine. After he won against the opponent middelweight champion Roman Karmazin, he fought against Sebastian Sylvester, who defended the International Boxing Federation title. Geale won the fight and combined the International Boxing Federation title and the World Boxing Association title after a fight against Felix Sturm. After that, he defended his title against Anthony Mundine, who had beaten him in 2009. He is the reigning Champion of the World Boxing Association (WBA) and the International Boxing Federation (IBF).


Empress of Japan

Japanese empresses or Empress of Japan means a . The term also mean the wife of the Emperor, or .

The wife of Naruhito is Empress Masako. She became the current Empress of Japan when her husband accepted his role as emperor.

There were eight female monarchs. In other words, there were six female emperors including two who reigned twice. 


The wife of an Japanese emperor is called empress in English, but her title in Japanese is a little different.

"Kōgō" is the title of a non-reigning empress consort. The title, still in use, is generally conferred on an emperor's wife who had given birth to the heir to the throne. The title was first awarded posthumously in 806 to the late mother of Emperor Heizei.

"Chūgū" was a term which evolved during the Heian period; and it came to be understood as the title of the empress. For a time, "chūgū" replaced "kōgō"; and then the titles became interchangeable.

The numbers of "kōgō" varied, but there was only one "Chūgū" at a time.

The title "kōtaigō" was given to the wife of an ex-emperor; and the title "tai-kōtaigō" came to be used by a dowager empress.

The Last of Us

The Last of Us is a third person survival horror action-adventure video game made by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It released for the PlayStation 3 on June 14, 2013 and a version of the game with updated graphics called "The Last of Us: Remastered" was released for the PlayStation 4 on July 29, 2014. This version also has a downloadable content called Left Behind. The story is about two people named Joel and Ellie trying to survive different dangers.

In 2013, there is an outbreak of a mutated Cordyceps fungus, which ruins the United States and the rest of the world. The fungus transforms its human hosts into aggressive, zombie-like creatures called the Infected. In the suburbs of Austin, Texas, a man named Joel escapes the city with his brother Tommy and daughter Sarah. However, just as they escape, Sarah is shot by a soldier and dies in Joel's arms.

Twenty years later, society has fallen apart because of the infection. Survivors live in quarantine zones, independent settlements, and nomadic groups, leaving buildings and homes deserted. Joel now works as a smuggler with his partner Tess in the quarantine zone in Boston, Massachusetts. They hunt down Robert, a black-market dealer, to recover a stolen weapons cache. Upon finding Robert, he tells Joel and Tess that he sold the weapons to a militia called the Fireflies, who are opposing the authorities. Tess then kills him. 

The leader of the Fireflies, Marlene, arrives. She then promises to double Joel and Tess's weapons in return for smuggling a teenage girl named Ellie to Fireflies hiding in the Massachusetts State House, which is located outside of the quarantine zone. As the night comes, Joel, Tess, and Ellie sneak out of the quarantine zone but are caught by a government patrol, which they defeat. It is here they learn that Ellie is infected, but she says she is immune because she became infected three weeks ago, while signs a person is infected take two days to appear. The three continue to head to their destination, fighting many infected along the way. When they arrive to the State House, they find that the Fireflies there have been killed. Tess reveals she has been bitten by an Infected, but sacrifices herself so Joel and Ellie could escape from soldiers. Joel decides to find Tommy, a former Firefly, in the hope that he can find the remaining Fireflies.

Joel and Ellie seek the help of Bill, a smuggler and survivalist who owes Joel a favor. Through Bill, they are able to get a car. Joel and Ellie then head to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where they are then attacked by bandits who destroy their car. Getting through the city, they meet two brothers named Henry and Sam, and the four escape the city. During the escape, Sam is bitten by an Infected, but keeps it hidden. Sam then transforms into an Infected, tries to attack Ellie, and is then shot by his brother Henry, only for him to take his own life afterwards. 

Later, in the fall, Joel and Ellie finally find Tommy in Jackson, Wyoming. Here, Tommy had built a settlement near a hydroelectric dam with his wife Maria. Joel decides to give Ellie with Tommy, but she finds out about this and talks to him about Sarah, which makes Joel change his mind and lets her stay with him. Tommy tells the two that the Fireflies are at the University of Eastern Colorado. When they arrive, there is nobody at the university, for the Fireflies have moved to Salt Lake City, Utah. However, when they try to leave, bandits attack the two, and Joel is badly hurt in the escape. 

During the winter, Ellie and Joel take shelter in the mountains. Joel is still wounded and is close to death, while Ellie take care of him. While looking for food, she meets David and James, two scavengers who offer medicine for food. David reveals the men that Joel and Ellie had killed at the university were part of his group, making her hostile against him. Later, she keeps David's men away from Joel, but is captured by them, where she is imprisoned. David offers to let her join his group, but she refuses and escapes, killing James. Joel, in the meanwhile, recovers from his injuries and looks for Ellie. However, she is trapped by David in a burning restaurant. David is then killed by Ellie with a machete just as Joel finds her, calming her before they escape.

Joel and Ellie finally arrive in Salt Lake City in the spring. While heading to the hospital where the Fireflies are, Ellie nearly drowns, and the two are captured by a Firefly soldier. Now in the hospital, Marlene tells Joel that Ellie is being prepared for surgery in the hope of getting a vaccine for the infection. However, since the infected part of Ellie's brain will needed to be removed, Ellie will die in the operation. Not wanting Ellie to die, Joel makes his way to the operating room, kills the head surgeon and escapes with Ellie. Just as he reaches the parking garage, Marlene stops him, but Joel kills her in order to prevent the Fireflies from following them. They drive back to Tommy's place, where Ellie awakens in the car. Joel tells Ellie the Fireflies had found people like her, in that they were immune, but did not create a cure and gave up. Just before they enter the settlement, Ellie reveals to Joel her survivor's guilt and asks Joel if what he told her was true, which he tells her it is.

The game got great reception, getting over 120 awards and receiving the title of 2013's game of the year. IGN rated the game 10 out of 10, along with many other national game raters, that all rated the game highest any game has ever received. During the first week, the game sold over 3.4 million copies, second only to Grand Theft Auto in sales records.
The Last of Us is the most awarded game of all time, winning over 200 game of the year awards. This game has applauded by the critics and took over than 50 complete numbers and the average of the numbers is 95 from 100.

The Last of Us is a third-person perspective game. The first characters of the game are Joel and Ellie. For most of the game, players control Joel, and Ellie is controlled by the game's Artificial Intelligence. Players also control Ellie and Sarah in a few parts of the game. In this game you can use different guns and other things which you find in the environment like knives to kill your enemies.

The game includes a multiplayer side, where the player can choose to be a Hunter or a Firefly, with the objective of completing twelve weeks (84 days/games) on each side. It comes with multiple different modes and maps.




Centre Pompidou

Centre Georges Pompidou is an art museum in Paris. It opened in 1977, and is named after Georges Pompidou, a former President of France. It houses the largest museum for modern art in Europe.


Swedish House Mafia

Swedish House Mafia is a Swedish electronic dance music trio. It was made up of three people: Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso. They are all DJs and producers. The band was formed in 2008.

Over the years, Swedish House Mafia published two albums and six singles. All of these have been very successful worldwide. Five of their singles reached the top ten in the UK music charts. They have worked with many other artists, like Tinie Tempah.

In 2012 the band said on their website that they would split up at the end of their 2012-2013 tour. The tour, named "One Last Tour," ended at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami, Florida. Their opening and closing sets were on March 15 and March 24, 2013.

Rude Boy

"Rude Boy" is a hit single sung by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released in February 2010. The song is from her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009). It combines dancehall and reggae. The song received mixed reviews. It spent five weeks at number one on "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. It also topped charts in Australia and Israel. It reached number two in the UK and number seven on the Canadian Hot 100. It peaked within the top ten of most international charts. Rihanna has most recently performed the song on her Anti World Tour.

On June 30, 2015, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the song quintuple-platinum for shipments and streams of over five million copies of the song across the US.

The music video for the song has received over 449 million views as of March 2018.

Applebee's

Applebee's is an American food company that develops, franchises and operates Applebee's Neighborhood Bar & Grill. There are over two thousand restaurants all across the United States, Puerto Rico and several outside countries. The concept of this company represents casual dining. Their food includes salads, shrimp, chicken, pasta, barbecue ribs and fish. The company is centered in Kansas City, Missouri. It was put into operation on November 19, 1980.

Empress Michiko

, formerly , is the wife of Japan's Emperor Emeritus Akihito. 
Michiko Shōda was born at University of Tokyo Hospital in Tokyo. She is the eldest daughter of Hidesaburo Shōda and Fumiko Soejima, president and later honorary chairman of Nisshin Flour Milling Company.

In 1957, she earned a BA degree at the University of the Sacred Heart, Tokyo.

Shōda married Crown Prince Akihito in 1959.
When she married, she became Crown Princess Michiko. She became Empress Michiko in 1989 when her husband became Emperor.

Empress Michiko is the mother of two sons and a daughter.

Titles and Styles 

20 October 1934-10 April 1959: Miss Michiko Shoda 

10 April 1959-7 January 1989: Her Imperial Highness The Crown Princess or Her Imperial Highness The Crown Princess Michiko 

7 January 1989-30 April 2019: Her Majesty The Empress of Japan 

1 May 2019-present Her Majesty The Empress Emerita 
In August 2019, it was revealed that she was diagnosed with early-stage breast cancer in July 2019. Empress Michiko had cancer surgery in September of the year.



Grappling

Grappling is making a move on an opponent in a martial art, combat or combat sport which does not involve striking or the use of a weapon. Some sports like sumo, wrestling or judo are solely about grappling.

Saint Joseph's University

Saint Joseph's University is a Jesuit university in Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1851.


Ignatius of Loyola

Saint Ignatius of Loyola (1491-1556) was a Spanish man. He started the Jesuit order in Catholicism. He is also known for his Spiritual Exercises.



Aud Tuten

Audley Kendrick Tuten (January 14, 1915 – May 7, 1994) was an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 39 games in the NHL for the Chicago Black Hawks.

Tuten also played with the Hershey B'ars/Bears of the EHL for 4 seasons as well as the Baltimore Orioles from the EHL for 1 season. He went on to play for both the Kansas City Greyhounds and Kansas City Americans of the AHA for 1 season each. He entered the NHL and played with the Black Hawks for 5 games before rejoining the Americans. He joined the Black Hawks again and played 34 games with them. He left the Black Hawks and went on to join the Minneapolis Millers of the USHL for 4 games, the Fort Worth Rangers of the USHL for 2 games and the Kansas City Pla-Mors of the USHL for 10 games before ending his playing career with Los Angeles-S.D. of the PCHL. He died on May 7, 1994.


Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers

Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers is a 1995 American horror movie. This was the first movie of Paul Rudd and the last movie of Donald Pleasence The movie was dedicated in his memory. The movie was directed by Joe Chappelle and produced by Moustapha Akkad. The movie was released on September 29, 1995.

The movie is about Michael Myers trying to kill the baby of his niece, who he just killed in the beginning. Dr. Samuel Loomis comes out of retirement to save Tommy Doyle and Kara Strode. The main villain of the movie was Dr. Terence Wynn who was the leader of an evil group. At the end of the movie Michael Myers escapes when he switched clothes with Dr. Wynn. Dr. Loomis was touched by Dr. Wynn and became the new leader of the group. This ending was in the producer's cut of the movie.


Münchausen syndrome

Münchausen syndrome (pronounced "MUNCH-house-in") is a mental illness in which a person repeatedly fakes disease, illness, or psychological trauma to get attention or sympathy from others. It is sometimes called factitious disorder imposed on self, hospital addiction syndrome, thick chart syndrome, or hospital hopper syndrome.

A related mental illness is Münchausen syndrome by proxy. People with this condition abuse another person, usually a child, in order to get sympathy or attention for themselves. For example, a parent might make their own child sick in order to get attention and sympathy from friends and medical professionals.

People with Münchausen syndrome exaggerate or create symptoms of mental or physical illness. Some people with Münchausen make up detailed stories about medical problems they have had, or they may fake symptoms. However, others may harm themselves in many different ways in order to make it seem like they are sick. For example, they might take laxatives to make it seem like they have diarrhea, or take blood-thinning medications to cause bleeding. They might inject themselves with bacteria so that they get an infection. They might cut or burn themselves in order to create wounds. Sometimes, after getting medical treatment, people with Münchausen also do things to slow down or prevent their recovery - for example, by ripping out stitches.

The goal of this behavior is to get treatment, attention, sympathy, and comfort from medical professionals. For a person with Münchausen, being a patient feels familiar and comfortable. This meets a deep psychological need that the person has.

There are several risk factors for Münchausen (things which make it more likely for a person to develop the condition). Münchausen is more common in people who:

A few different types of Münchausen syndrome have been identified. They include:

The Weeping Woman

The Weeping Woman is an iconic painting. It was painted by Pablo Picasso. It is an oil painting done on canvas. Picasso painted this after his break-up with his mistress, Dora Maar. After the breakup he always said she was weeping there for creating the term of "Weeping Woman". Pablo Picasso used his skill for geometric shapes and design in the painting. You can see multiple dimensions in this picture. Made in 1937 it shows how old Pablo Picasso would be now, though also how experienced he was then, being born in 1881. The level of experience it would take to be capable of such a level of geometric art work is surprisingly high considering there have been so many artists over the eras who have mastered it.

Larry Zeidel

Lazarus "Larry, Rock" Zeidel (June 1, 1928 – June 17, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 5 seasons in the NHL as well as 12 seasons in the AHL.

Zeidel started his hockey career with the Barrie Flyers of the OHA for 28 games and then moved on to play with the Quebec Aces of the QSHL for 3 seasons. After that he played with the Saskatoon Quakers of the WCSHL and then the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL for 19 games before being sent to their AHL affiliate, Indianapolis Capitals for a season. He was called up to the Red Wings and played 9 games with them before he joined the Edmonton Flyers of the WHL and played 1 season with them. He played joined the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL for 1 season and rejoined the Edmonton Flyers for 1 season. He would then play in the AHL with the Hershey Bears for 8 seasons and the Cleveland Barons for 1 season. He returned to the WHL to play with the Seattle Totems for 2 seasons and joined the Barons again for 2 seasons. He ended his playing career after playing with the Philadelphia Flyers for 2 seasons.

He won the Stanley Cup in 1952 during his time with the Detroit Red Wings.

Zeidel was Jewish and because of this antisemitic remarks were said to him during his playing career. His grandparents were killed in concentration camps by Nazis.

Zeidel suffered from dementia during his last years. He died in Pennsylvania from heart failure and renal failure, aged 86.


Charlie Brooker

Charlton "Charlie" Brooker (born 3 March 1971) is a British humourist, journalist, television presenter, screenwriter and producer. He is widely known for creating the Channel 4/Netflix science fiction series "Black Mirror" (2011–present). He has appeared in panel shows such as "Have I Got News For You". He has also hosted his own programmes such as "Screenwipe" and "You Have Been Watching". In 2017, he won two Primetime Emmy Awards for the "Black Mirror" episode "San Junipero". 

Brooker was born in Reading, Berkshire and grew up in Oxfordshire. He is married to television presenter Konnie Huq. They have two children.

Guru Dutt

Vasanth Kumar Shivashankar Padukone (9 July 1925 – 10 October 1964), known by many as Guru Dutt, was an Indian movie director, producer and actor.

Symbolism

Symbolism is the practice of representing things by symbols, or of investing things with a symbolic meaning or character. A symbol is an object, action, or idea that stands for something other than itself, often of a more abstract nature. Symbolism creates quality aspects that make literature like poetry and novels more meaningful.


John Hermansader

John Hermansader (1915–2005) was an American painter, graphic designer, and jazz fan. He is remembered for his iconic designs of Blue Note record covers.

John Bancroft Hermansader was born on November 1, 1915 near Reading, Pennsylvania. In the 1930s, he studied at the Memphis Academy of Art in Tennessee and the New Bauhaus in Chicago, Illinois. In New York City he studied with Robert Motherwell at the New School of Social Research.

In 1939, he and his wife Rosemary were founders of the Hot Club of Newark, New Jersey, a significant group of jazz enthusiasts. John became the first president.

In 1951, when Blue Note Records began issuing 10 inch records, Hermansader was one of their first designers, along with Paul Bacon and Gil Melle. Looking back at this era, Michael Cuscuna of Mosaic Records said, “ What John Hermansader and Paul Bacon really did was evoke the feeling of the music. They used everything from Bauhaus designs to things that were really otherworldly.” Angelynn Grant adds, “When people think of Blue Note covers they think of Frank Wolff”s photography and Reid Miles design. But John Hermansader laid the groundwork that got them going along that path.” Richard Cook, who wrote Blue Note Records: The Biography states, “Hermansader in particular balanced the twin issues of photography and type in a way that would mirror the concerns of the Blue Note of the years ahead.”

“John Hermansader was passionate about oil painting, “beautiful lyrical abstractions, full of color and movement.”5 He was an abstract expressionist painter who drew inspiration for his work from listening to jazz.”
His exhibitions included and the Gallery of Contemporary Art at Sunken Meadow, Long Island, 1951–58, Panoras Gallery 1956, Art USA 1958. His work is in the collection of Wake Forest (IL) College, and the Schwenkfelder Art Museum, PA, as well as private collections.



Citizen Ruth

Citizen Ruth is a 1996 comedy movie about pregnancy and abortion controversy. It was directed by Alexander Payne, and starring Laura Dern and Swoosie Kurtz.

Play Dead

"Play Dead" is a song by Björk. It was released in 1993. The song is a single in the soundtrack of the crime drama film "The Young Americans". The song was added as a bonus track to "Debut" when the album was released again in November 1993 four months after being first released. The single reached No.7 in the Swedish Singles Chart. Bjork wrote the song with Jah Wobble and David Arnold.

Udaijin

The position was established in the Taihō Code of 702. The official acted in the context of a Council of State ("daijō-kan") which was made up of the three men. 

The Taihō Code system was replaced in the Meiji period.


Sadaijin

The position was established in the Taihō Code of 702. The official acted in the context of a Council of State ("daijō-kan") which was made up of the three men. 

The Taihō Code system was replaced in the Meiji period.


Wodan Timbur Coaster

Wodan Timbur Coaster is a wooden roller coaster in Germany. It is in the Europa-Park in Rust, Baden-Württemberg. The coaster opened on March 31, 2012.

Wodan Timbur Coaster is in the "Iceland" section of the park that opened in 2009. It is the park's first wooden coaster. The coaster was built by Great Coasters International. They have built many coasters around the world. These include "Troy" at Toverland and "El Toro" at Freizeitpark Plohn. Wodan Timbur Coaster has three GCII Millennium Flyer trains. Each has polyurethane wheels instead of the normal steel wheels.

The coaster was named after the Germanic name of the Nordic god Odin. "Timbur" is the Islandic word for "wood". "Timbur Coaster" means "wooden coaster".

The theme of Wodan Timbur Coaster is Norse mythology. The waiting line for the ride uses a large amount of detailed parts. These include fire, mist and water effects. The goddess of death, Hel, is also used. She has a turning sand timer. In the ride station, statues watch the train leave. They also turn to watch the train return to the station. The ride has several dives into tunnels.

Dariusz Michalczewski

Dariusz Tomasz Michalczewski (May 5, 1968) better known as Tiger is a Polish boxer. He was World Boxing Organization, World Boxing Association, International Boxing Federation and Lineal champion in light heavyweight for nine years. He was undefeated for twelve years.

Michalczewski started his career in 1991. He won the World Boxing Association title against Leeonzer Barber, who was undefeated for 3 years. After that he combined the World Boxing Organization title and the Lineal title. He also won the Wold Boxing Organization title against Nestor Hipolito Giovannini in Cruiserweight. In 1996 he fought against Graciano Rochigani, who was one of the best Light Heavyweight boxer at this time. Michalchewski won at round 7. He combined the World Boxing Organization, World Boxing Association, International Boxing Federation and Lineal after a win against Virgil Hill, who was one of the world's best boxers at that time. In 2000 he fought the second time against Graciano Rocchigani. He won the fight in the tenth round by knockout. After the fight against Derrick Harmon, he needed one win to stop the record of Rocky Marciano, who was undefeated for 49 fights in a row. In his fortyninth fight, he fought in the Color Line Arena, Hamburg against Julio Cesar Gonzalez. Michalchewski wasn't trained and lost by split decision. In 2005 he made a comeback against the World Boxing Association Champion Fabrice Tiozzo. He lost the fight by knockout in round five. After that, he said that he never will fight again. In his best time, he counted with Roy Jones Junior as the best light heavyweight fighter of all time.

Suicidal ideation

Suicidal ideation is the medical terminology for thoughts of or preoccupation with killing yourself. It varies between fleeting thoughts and self-harm or making suicidal attempts. Most people who undergo suicidal ideation never really kill themselves, though some do. This condition is often triggered through being hopeless, depressed, anxiety, having panic attacks or strong remorse. It can also happen because of being abused, as a result of certain medications, due to bullying or feeling rejected.

PlayStation Move

PlayStation Move is a motion-sensing game controller platform by Sony Computer Entertainment which supports the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation 4. The device uses a PlayStation Eye camera to record movements. It was released on September 15, 2010 in Europe and on September 17, 2010 in North America. Sony announced that the "PlayStation Move" had sold 15 million units.
in 2016 playstation made a return to the move with the release of the playstation vr and the move can be used to interact with the objects in the virtual world.

Daijō-daijin

The was a government position in Japan in the late Nara and Heian periods. 

The position was established in the Taihō Code of 702. The official acted in the context of a Council of State ("daijō-kan") which was made up of the three men. 

The Taihō Code system was replaced in the Meiji period. For a short time, this office continued to be part of early Meiji government.


Skra Bełchatów

KPS Skra Bełchatów SA is a volleyball club in Poland. The club started in 1930 as a football club. It began playing volleyball instead in 1957. The club plays in the Polish Volleyball League and they play in Bełchatów. Skra Bełchatów's owner is Polish company the Bełchatów Power Station. They won Polish championship in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2014 and Polish Cup in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2016.

Belling the Cat

Belling the Cat, also known as The Bell and the Cat or The Mice in Council is a story which has become a traditional part of European and Western culture.

The story may have come from Aesop. The earliest recorded versions are from the Middle Ages.

The story is about a group of mice who talk about what to do about a cat which threatens them. One wants to place a bell around the cat's neck. All agree. Then one mouse asks who will volunteer to put the bell on the cat? Not one stepped forward.

The story is about the difference between a good idea and what may be needed to convert an idea into action.

The story gives us the idiom "to bell the cat", which means to try an impossible or near-impossible task. In other words, it is easier said than done.

Crab louse

The crab louse or pubic louse is an insect, which is a parasite on humans. It is found most often in pubic hair, but also lives in other areas on the body with dense hair. It can be spread from one human to another by sexual intercourse, but also through garments, towels and besheets, for example in a hotel. Crab lice are still visible with the human eye, they are about 1.5-2mm in size. 

Note that head lice and Body lice are different species.

Vera Fischer

Vera Lúcia Fischer (born November 27, 1951 in Blumenau) is a Brazilian actress.


Giovanna Antonelli

Giovanna Antonelli (born March 18, 1976 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress.

Antonelli is the daughter of Hilton Prado and Suely Antonelli. She has a brother named Leonardo Pietro Antonelli. She has a nephew named Gabriel. She married businessman Ricardo Medina on March 8, 2000. They separated in February 2002.

In late 2001, Antonelli started dating the actor Murilo Benício. He was her co-star in "O Clone". They married in 2002. Their son Pietro was born on May 24, 2005. Antonelli and Benício separated in 2005. Earlier, in 2004, during their first separation, she dated businessman Alexandre Accioly.

In 2005, Antonelli met the American entrepreneur Robert Locascio. On May 5, 2007, they married in Italy. The marriage lasted only four months.

In 2009, Antonelli broke up with businessman Arthur Fernandes after two years.

She began dating director Leonardo Nogueira. On October 8, 2010, gave birth to the twins Antônia and Sophia. She wants to have another child before reaching the age of 40.

Pauley Perrette

Pauley Perrette (born March 27, 1969) is an American actress and homosexual rights advocate. She acts mostly in television programs. She played Abigail Sciuto on the series "NCIS".

Perrette was born in Louisiana. She was raised in different regions of the United States.

Mehmed Orhan

Mehmed Orhan (11 July 1909 5/12 March 1994) was the 42nd head of the Ottoman dynasty. He succeeded as head of the dynasty on 9 December 1983, after the death of Ali Vâsib. If reigning, he would be Sultan Orhan VII.
He was born at Serencebey Palace or at Kisil Toprak, Turkey. He was the son of HIH Prince Şehzade Mehmed Abdul Kadir Efendi, Captain of the Ottoman Army, by second wife HH Mihriban Hanımefendi. The marriage was not recognised by the Imperial House. On his 13 birthday he was ceremoniously circumcised in the Dolmabahce Palace.
He died in Nice and was buried there.

In January 1933, Prince Mehmed Orhan married the Egyptian Princess HH Nafiye Yeghen Hanım Efendi. This marriage was annulled in 1947. In Paris in 1944, he got a Morganatic marriage with the French American Marguerite Irma Fournier. He had a daughter with his first wife and a stepson with his second wife. 


"Eligibility note: A male person born to parents who are not married to each other at the time of birth is not included in the line of succession and passes no rights to their descendants."

Mehmed Selim Orhan de Turquie was born before his parents married in 1944. At the time of his birth, his stepfather was not divorced by his first wife.

Marcos Alberto Alcalai- born in Brazil in 1962 Mehemed Orhan's only biological child born of a relationship with a divorced woman, legitimized in Turkey in 1992 was not deprived of the title of HIH Şehzade


College of the Holy Cross

College of the Holy Cross is a Jesuit university in Worcester, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1843.


Centaurus

Centaurus is a constellation in the southern hemisphere of the night sky. It is named after a centaur, which is a creature that is half man and half horse. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Centaurus when he made a list of 48 constellations. Centaurus is also one of the 88 constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

In the direction of Centaurus is the Shapley Supercluster or Shapl (SCl 124). This is the largest concentration of galaxies in our nearby universe.

Car chase

A car chase or vehicle pursuit is a type of chase. It is when police follow a car to stop it and catch the person driving it. It is a popular theme in movies and on reality television.


Elizabeth Gracen

Elizabeth Ward Gracen (3 April 1961) is a former Miss America Pageant winner and American actress who acted in movies and television programs before 2000. She was crowned Miss America 1982, and Miss Arkansas before that. Her acts included acting as Amanda in the TV show "Highlander: The Series". She was born near Ozark, Arkansas and graduated from Russellville High School in 1979. 

Gracen played roles in other films such as 
She also appeared in TV series such as
Recently in 2012, Gracen formed Flapper Films; a company that produces inspirational content.

Fremont, California

Fremont is a city in Alameda County, California, near San Francisco in the East Bay area. It is on the edge of Silicon Valley. As of 2020, 230,504 people lived in Fremont. Over three-fifths (60%) of the people are Asian-American.

Fremont has a large factory which opened in 1962. General Motors made cars and trucks there until 1982. In 1984, General Motors and Toyota opened the factory again together, as a company called NUMMI. Tesla, Inc. bought it in 2010.

Chevron Corporation

Chevron Corporation () is a large international energy company, based in San Ramon, California. It employs over 60,000 people. It is one of the six largest oil companies in the world.

In September 1879, the Pacific Coast Oil Company was created. They kept the name until 1906, when it merged with a Standard Oil subsidiary and became Standard Oil Company (California). Standard Oil of California and Gulf Oil merged in 1984, which became the largest merger in history at that time. The company would change its name to Chevron Corporation the same year. Chevron later merged with Texaco in 2001.


Symphony No. 41 (Mozart)

The Symphony No. 41 in C major, K. 551 is a work for orchestra. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1788. It is also called the Jupiter symphony. It is his last symphony. Michael Rodman writes in the "All Music Guide to Classical Music" that the first movement is "characterized in part by the dramatic and effective employment of unexpected pauses in the rhythmic flow through the use of rests, [and that] irregular and changing phrase length contribute ... to the dramatic impetus." He writes that the serene F major second movement is disrupted by "minor key episodes ... [and that] this light/dark conflict continues throughout". He points out that the gracefulness of the Minuet can be attributed to the flowing, even accompaniment and the "falling chromatic theme". The trio has an "earthier, more overtly dancelike mood", he writes, but is "interrupted by a suddenly more serious" outburst from the full orchestra. The contrapuntal fourth movement is filled with "great tension and dramatic impulse" that is resolved only in the final bars.


Clarinet Concerto (Mozart)

The Clarinet Concerto in A major, K. 622 is a work for clarinet and orchestra. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1791 for the clarinet expert Anton Stadler. Stadler first performed the concerto in Prague on 16 October 1791 on a basset clarinet. Mozart probably never heard this performance.


Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra

The Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra in C major, K. 299 is a piece of music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. It was written in 1778. It is one of only two true double concertos that Mozart wrote. It is the only piece of music that Mozart wrote for the harp.

Mozart was living in Paris at the time he wrote this concerto. He wrote it for the flute-playing Duke of and his harp-playing daughter Marie. Mozart never liked either instrument. The combination is a difficult one for duo. The work is pleasing and popular however. It is a favorite with harpists because there are so few concertos for harp. The Duke failed to pay Mozart for the concerto.

The orchestra is a group of strings, two oboes, and two horns. This small group makes the work suitable for an assembly room. The concerto is made of three movements. The opening movement is song-like. According to the "All Music Guide to Classical Music", this movement is distinguished by dialogue-like passages for the soloists. The second movement is "florid" with the soloists accompanied only by strings. The third movement "is a lively rondo with a veritable parade of attractive tunes."


Forward Kahuta

Forward Kahuta () is a small city in the Haveli District of Azad Kashmir. Until recently it was part of Bagh District; it is now the administrative headquarters of Haveli District.

Chevron

Chevron may mean:


Julia Duffy

Julia Margaret Duffy (née Hinds; born June 27, 1951 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an American actress. She was born near Minneapolis, Minnesota.

She has acted in a number of television situation comedies. She played Penny Davis in the 1970s television soap opera "The Doctors". She played Stephanie in the 1980s sitcom "Newhart". She played Allison Sugarbaker in season 6 of "Designing Women". 

Patrouille de France

The (, "French Acrobatic Patrol"), also called the Patrouille de France or PAF, is the aerobatics demonstration team of the French Air Force. They fly Franco-German Alpha Jet training airplanes. The PAF's aircraft are painted in three colours: blue, white, and red. These are the same colors as on the flag of France.

The "Patrouille de France" was created in 1947. The name first appeared in print for a 1953 aerial show in French Algeria. At this time, the PAF flew American fighter jets, specifically F-84Gs. Later, the team flew Mystère IVs. In 1964, the Air Force did not have enough money in its budget to continue the Patrouille de France, and disbanded it. But the Minister of Defence decided to bring the team back in 1965 because he liked it. They then flew French training aircraft, Fouga CM-170 Magister. They kept flying Fouga CM-170 Magisters until 1980. Since then, the PAF have flown on an Alpha Jets.

"Patrouille de France" uses eight aircraft that all fly at the same time. A ninth reserve plane always stays on the ground, ready to take off. The call sign of pilots is "Athos" like the character from the famous book "The Three Musketeers". If all pilots have an important role, both the essential leader and his second, called "Charognard" (which is the French word for "scavenger") who present all the display.

A transport plane is always with the PAF for support. It is a twin-engine plane: Transall C.160 or Casa CN-235M.

Because they are seen as ambassadors of France, the PAF go on display all over the world. "Patrouille de France" often performs in military parade performed to celebrate Bastille Day. They fly over the Champs-Élysées on the morning of July 14. The aircraft unleash a plume of smoke lights. PAF often fly at the Paris Air Show, which is held at Le Bourget airport.


A* search algorithm

A* is a set of steps (an algorithm) that computers can use to figure out how to get somewhere fast between two places. If you have a list of locations, and how hard it is to get from one straight to the other, using A* can quickly tell you the fastest way. It's related to Dijkstra's algorithm, but makes smart guesses so that it doesn't spend as long trying slow ways. It's a good series of steps if you only want the path between two places. If you're going to ask for many paths from the same map, then there are faster ways, that find all the answers at once, like the Floyd–Warshall algorithm. A* will not work if you want to visit several places on one trip (the Travelling salesman problem).

For an example, we'll say A is connected to places B and C, and B and C are both connected to D and E. D and E are both connected to Z. There are 4 possible ways to go from A to Z. You can go A-B-D-Z, A-C-D-Z, A-B-E-Z, or A-C-E-Z. A computer using A* first looks at how hard it is to get from A to B, and from A to C. This is the "cost" for those places. The cost of a place means how hard it is to get from A to that place. After writing down both costs, the computer looks at how hard it is to get from B to D, and adds this to B's cost. It writes this down as D's cost. Then the computer looks at how hard it is to get from C to D, and adds this to C's cost. This is a different cost for D, and if it's less than the one it already has, it will replace the old one. The computer only wants to know the best path, so it ignores the path with the higher cost. It will only remember one of A-B-D and A-C-D, whichever is faster.

The computer goes on and finds the fastest way to get to E. Finally, it goes from D to Z, and finds a cost, and from E to Z and finds a cost. It gets a final cost for Z, and this is the smallest cost it can get. Now the computer knows which way is the fastest, and it has the answer. The computer can do a similar series of steps, but with many many more places. Each time, it will look at the place that's nearest to A, and will add up the costs to that place's neighbors.

People call the above series of steps Dijkstra's algorithm. Dijkstra's algorithm can be slow, because it will look at many places that might be going the wrong way from Z. If you asked the computer how to get from one city to a near one, Dijkstra's algorithm might end up looking in another state.

A* fixes this problem. A* lets you tell the computer a guess for how far it will be from each place to the end. The computer can use the guess to tell roughly how far it will take to get from a certain place to Z. Instead of just picking the place nearest to A to look at, it will look at the one which is probably going to have the lowest total. It finds this total by adding the cost to the expected distance left. This way, it can look only in the direction where things will probably get better. It's okay if the guess is not perfect, but even a simple bad guess can make the program go a lot faster. If you're trying to find a path between two places in the real world, a good guess is just the distance between them in a straight line. The real path over roads will be longer, but this lets the program guess it, and it won't go in the wrong direction.

In math or computer science literature, this guess is often a function of the place, and it is called a heuristic. Each place is a vertex, and each path between two places is an edge. These are words from graph theory.

A* is one algorithm in a big group of similar algorithms. These algorithms are all different ways of finding a path between two places, over certain paths between them. They are called path-finding algorithms. "Places" and "paths" aren't always real places, though. They can be abstract, and they can be a metaphor for something else. One example where it is a real place is trying to find a road trip on Google Maps or Mapquest. In this example, the paths are roads, and the places are houses or cities. A second example is sending information over the Internet. The information needs to go through many computers to get to the end. Many routers use A* to find the best way to send information across the Internet. Here, the paths are cables, and the places are computers. For a third example, where it's not literal, you want to make a certain chemical from the ingredients you have. Mixing some of these ingredients will produce new chemicals, and those can be mixed with each other. A path-finding algorithm could tell you which order to mix them in. Here, the paths are chemical reactions, the cost is how long the reaction takes to finish, and the places are the different chemicals you can make.

Dammam

Dammam ( "") is the capital of the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia. Dammam is the largest city in the Eastern Province. It is the fifth largest city in Saudi Arabia. It is part of the Dammam Metropolitan Area. It is an important commercial hub and port.

King Fahd International Airport (KFIA) is in the northwest of the city. Dammam's King Abdul Aziz Sea Port is the largest on the Persian Gulf. Its import-export traffic in the country is second to the Jeddah Seaport.

King Fahd International Airport

King Fahd International Airport , also known by the acronym KFIA, is a Saudi international airport near Dammam. It is the largest airport in the world in terms of area.

The airport is an airline hub for the national carrier, Saudia. 

Design started in 1976. The site master plan was created by architecture company Yamasaki & Associates and Boeing Aerosystems International. This plan was completed in 1977. Construction began in 1983. The airport opened for business in November 1999.

The airport's basic infrastructure was complete by the end of 1990. The General Authority of Civil Aviation of Saudi Arabia finally opened the new Dammam King Fahd International Airport on November 28, 1999 to commercial traffic. All airlines transferred their operations from Dhahran International Airport, which had been in use until then.

KFIA is northwest of Dammam. It serves the entire Eastern Region of Saudi Arabia and the growing urban complex made up of Dammam, Dhahran, Al Khobar, Qatif, Ras Tanura and Jubail with a total population of about 2 million.

The airport, in the Eastern Province of the country, is located between Qatif and Dammam, about away from Dammam. It is linked to population areas by two major roads. The northern exit links the airport with Qatif as a 4-lane highway. The southern exit links the Airport with Dammam as a 6-lane highway to King Fahd Road which is now considered as the main road to the airport. Abu Hadriyah Highway serves as the airport's eastern border while Dammam-Riyadh Highway serves as a southern border.

On the airport's southern border, Saudi Aramco occupies an area of 250 km² (97 mi²) which is used for oil drilling and transportation facilities.

The terminal has six stories, three of which are for passenger processing. The third level is for arrivals, the sixth level is for departures, and the fourth level is for boarding. There are two partial levels: the mezzanine service level and the mezzanine level (which is the uppermost level).

The passenger terminal’s total area is 327,000 m² (3,519,798 ft²). Approximately 247,500 m² (2,664,067 ft²) were built in the first phase, in addition to 11 fixed passenger boarding bridges serving 15 gates out of an original design capacity of 31 fixed boarding bridges.

The terminal has several customer counters of which 66 were allocated to Saudia (now shared with Nas Air), 44 to foreign airlines and the rest for Customs and Immigration.

The airport has several duty-free stores. There is also a separate area for shops specializing in the sale of gifts and all passenger related goods. This includes restaurants, cafeterias, and banks, and is on the arrivals level. Several ATMs and currency exchange shops are available in the departure and arrival areas. There is a multi-storey car park.

Smoking is not allowed in the airport. A fine of SR200 is collected breaking the rule. The airport has a smoking room in the Departure area.

The airport Mosque is built on the roof of the car park, in the middle of a landscaped area of 46,200 m² (497,292 ft²). The Mosque accommodates two thousand worshipers, access to it can be easily gained from the passenger terminal through two enclosed, air-conditioned bridges with moving belts, in addition to a third open bridge.

The Royal Terminal is reserved for the Saudi Royal Family, government , and official guests. The terminal was built on an area of 16,400 m² (176,528 ft²) and has four bridges connecting the terminal and aircraft. It is luxuriously furnished and decorated, and includes extensively landscaped exteriors and grounds. Despite its specialized purpose, the terminal is rarely used by the Royal Family, who generally prefer to utilize a similar special terminal at King Abdulaziz Air Base.

The airport has two parallel runways with a length of each, with taxiways parallel to the runways and a cross taxiway to connect the two runways. A distance of separates the two runways to facilitate simultaneous takeoff and landing operations. For more convenience and shorter taxiing durations, the east runway is usually used by Saudi Aramco while commercial airlines use the west one. Space has been set aside for the construction of a third parallel runway.

The airport is classified as Code E by ICAO. It is designed to accommodate large aircraft like Boeing 747-400 and A340-600. Although it may practically be possible for A380 to use the airport it is not recommended. For Airbus A380 or Boeing 747-8 it requires the airport to be Code F. Only the runways at Dammam Airport meet Code F requirements; the taxiways and gates do not. In May 2009, an Antonov 225 the world's largest aircraft landed at Dammam Airport from Ukraine whilst transporting equipment used for oil drilling and exploration to Tanzania for Schlumberger.

A road for ground support equipment runs along the western side of the central terminal. It is designed to allow access to aircraft and also to facilitate the movement of baggage vehicles from aircraft to baggage areas.

There are ten main Operations Services areas providing facilities for the operation of the airport.

The two-story air cargo building is constructed on an area of 39,500 m² (425,174 ft²) and has a capacity of 94,000 metric tons (103,617 tons) of incoming and outgoing cargo. The terminal’s design allows for transforming the operation system to a fully automatic system with multi-level racks and a container stacking system. When the air cargo facility becomes fully automatic, its capacity will be increased to 176,000 metric tons (194,007 tons) per year.

The control tower is 85.5 meters (281 feet) high. The height allows visibility of all parts of the airport operations area. Its total floor area is 7,960 m² (85,681 ft²), and it contains the following three main sections:

The total area of the car park is 176,752 m² (1,902,543 ft²), distributed among three covered floors. The parking area accommodates 4,930 cars. Cars enter the car park through a roadway that leads to the second floor. There is direct access to the passenger terminal from the parking on the first floor which lies under the access road with exits leading to the main roads. Parking charges are 1 Saudi Riyal per hour, which is a flat rate regardless how long you stay. There are no special long term parking rates.

Two open parking areas are available beside the rental car parking area to accommodate additional cars.

Saudi Aramco is responsible for supplying fuel and maintaining fuel installations. These include six large tanks with a capacity of 40,000 barrels each, in addition to pumping equipment, filters, loading stations, and the distribution valve network. Saudi Aramco operates regular flights for its personnel, which originate from Dammam to cover Haradh, Tanajib, Shaybah, Hawtah, Al Ahsa, Khurais, Riyadh, Jeddah and Yanbu, using Boeing 737 and Dash-8 equipment. The General Aviation terminal on the east side of Dammam airport is being used exclusively by Saudi Aramco. In addition, an advanced fleet of fuel tankers provides fuel services to all types of commercial aircraft.

This building is a 17,287 m² (186,075 ft²), single-story in-flight catering facility, capable of producing 8,000 aircraft meals a day plus 1,000 meals for staff and 300 for the Royal Pavilion kitchen.

King Fahd International Airport has its own plant nursery with a total area of which encompasses three greenhouses and of green fields. The nursery supplies the airport gardens and planted areas with trees and plants.

King Fahd International Airport consistently has over 2.5 million passengers per year and at present over 5 million passengers use the airport annually.

San Pedro Sula

San Pedro Sula is a city in Honduras. With 873,824 people in the main municipality, and 1,245,598 in its metro area (2010), it is the second largest city, after the capital Tegucigalpa. It is considered the industrial center of Honduras. It is the capital of the Cortés Department.

Before the arrival of the Spanish, the Sula Valley was home to approximately 50,000 native inhabitants. The area that is home to the modern city served as a local trade hub for the Mayan and Aztec civilizations. The Spanish conquest brought about a demographic collapse from which the native population would never recover.

On 27 June 1536, Don Pedro de Alvarado founded a Spanish town beside the Indian settlement of Choloma, with the name of Villa de Señor San Pedro de Puerto Caballos (modern San Pedro Sula). The new town had 35 Spanish citizens, and Alvarado allocated 200 of his slaves to help build the new town and work the surrounding fields. He sent out expeditions into outlying regions to secure the new town, extend the area of Spanish domination, and commandeer supplies. Alvarado annulled all encomienda rights established in the area under Andres de Cerezeda, and reassigned the villages to the citizens of San Pedro.

The new settlement barely survived the colonial period. In 1601, the Spanish government declared Santo Tomás as the official port for the Central American colonies; this move diverted exports from Puerto Cortés and resulted in an economic decline that would last through the 17th century. Additionally, San Pedro Sula was left exposed to raids by pirates and French, Dutch, and English mercenaries. By the mid-18th century, the Spanish government decided to build a number of coastal fortresses to curb English attacks. One of these fortresses, the Fortaleza de San Fernando, was built in Omoa, less than 50 miles from San Pedro Sula. The subsequent increase in trade supported an increase in population from 70 inhabitants in 1714 to 357 in 1789.

Post-independence San Pedro Sula remained an impoverished village, dependent on trade between Omoa and the country's interior. In 1875, Frank Frye, the American consul in the Bay Islands, reported a population of 1200. The city benefitted from the growth of the banana trade in the 1870s and 1880s and formed a close relationship with US-based shipper and railroad entrepreneur Samuel Zemurray's Cuyamel Fruit Company, and the construction of the Interoceanic Railroad between 1869 and 1874 which connected the city to the coast at Puerto Cortés. Zemurray worked closely with local elites who invested in subsidiary enterprises and thus shaped the way politically for Cuyamel to establish itself and pay very few taxes.

San Pedro Sula features has a tropical savanna climate ("Aw") under the Koppen Climate Classification, tending a tropical monsoon climate ("Am") slight influences ;with a dry season spanning from April through May and a wet season covering the remaining ten months. The city experiences relatively high temperatures year-round and some rainfall. San Pedro Sula has experienced hurricanes and tropical storms and is prone to them during the hurricane season usually when the storms form in the southern part of the Caribbean or Western Africa.

San Pedro Sula, as most cities built under the Spanish colonial period, is divided in quadrants.
Avenues in the city run from north to south and streets run from east to west. First Street and First Avenue mark the "center of the city" and effectively divide it into four major quadrants NW, NE, SW and SE.
Barrio El Benque, the business district, is just to the west and south of the center, and other neighborhoods in the suroeste include Barrio Paz Barahona, Barrio La Guardia, Colonia Altamira, Colonia Mesetas, Barrio Río de Piedras, Barrio Suyapa (from 12 Avenida S out to Avenida Circunvalación, from 7 Calle S to 10 Calles S), Colonia Hernandez, Barrio Prado Alto, and Colonia El Chamelecón. The latter includes area from 23 Avenida S west to 27 Avenida S, from 1 Calle (named Bulevar Los Próceres there) south to 5 Calle S0. To the south of Colonia El Chamelecón are Colonia Dubón, Colonia Figueroa, Colonia Trejo (from 10 Calle S to 12 Calle S, from about Avenida Circunvalación to 25 Avenida S, including the Consulate of Nicaragua), Colonia Altamira, and Colonia Altiplano. Colonia Las Mesetas runs from 12 Calle S to 14 Calle S, from 21 Avenida A (S) to past 24 Avenida S.

Barrio Guamilito is just to the west and north of the center. Noroeste neighborhoods include Colonia Moderna (from 1 Calle to 5 Calle NO, from Avendia Circunvalación to the river beyond 24 Avenida), Colonia La Mora (from 5 Calle NO to 7 Calle NO, from Avendia Circunvalación to the río beyond 24 Avenida), Colonia Zeron, the Colonia Columbia by the Universidad de San Pedro Sula, Barrio La Cervecería and Barrio Guadalupe. Across the river along which 24 Avenida runs is Colonia Juan Lindo and Colonia Jardines Del Valle.

From the river past 24 Avenida, north to 25 Calle and west to 12 Avenida, is Colonia Universidad. Universidad de San Pedro Sula is to its south, across the river. West of Colonia Universidad is Colonia Country, a small neighborhood including the Academia Americana, and Colonia Villas del Sol, which runs from Boulevard Mackey west to include Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Honduras en el Valle de Sula, and goes north to Río Bermejo but does not cross it.

Just past the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Honduras en el Valle de Sula, and spanning the Río Bermejo, is Colonia El Pedregal, which has residential high-rises.

Further out, north across the Río Bermejo, running to the edge of the city, and with calles (streets) renumbering from 1 up, are Colonia Los Alpes and Rancho El Coco and Residencial Los Cedros and Colonia La Tara.

Far to the north is Colonia Fesitranh.
Barrio Las Acacias is just to the north of center. Nor-Este neighborhoods include Barrio San Cristobal, Villa Florencia, Colonia Ideal, Barrio Morazán, Colonia Modelo, and further out Colonia Bográn, Colonia El Carmen, and Colonia Los Laureles.
Includes the road to the airport, Aeropuerto Internacional Ramon Villeda Morales and to the city of La Lima. Southeast neighborhoods include Barrio Medina (11 Calle SE to Avenida Juan Pablo II, 4 Avenida SO to 10 Avenida SE), Colonia La Aurora (defined by 7 Calle SE to 10 Calle SE, and 14 Avenida SE to Segundo Anilo, approximately where 18 Avenida would be), Barrio Cabañas, Barrio La Navidad, San Pedro, Barrio Las Palmas, Barrio San Luís, Colonia La Unión, Barrio La Paz. Farther out: Colonia Rivera Hernández, San Cristobal.

Microfinance

Microfinance is the idea to provide services banks and insurance companies provide to those people who usually are not served by such businesses. It is an important form of development aid. Serving these people is usually very expensive for banks and insurance companies; that is why they usually do not do it. Speciaized NGOs like Oikocredit provide these services:


As an example, microfinance allows people in underdeveloped countries to start their own businesses for their family.

Spokane County, Washington

Spokane county is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. Its county seat is Spokane, Washington. As of 2020, 539,339 people live in the county. The county has 1,764 square miles, or 4,569 square kilometers, of land, and it was organized in 1858.

Grimm (TV series)

Grimm is an American television series that started on the NBC television network on October 28, 2011.

Symphony No. 3 (Beethoven)

The Symphony No. 3 in E flat major ("Eroica"), Op. 55 is a work for orchestra. It was written in 1803 by Ludwig van Beethoven. It was completed in 1804, and premiered on 7 April 1805 at the Theater an der Wien. Beethoven did not want the symphony to be about Napoleon, but he did want to dedicate it to him. When Beethoven learned Napoleon had declared himself Emperor, he tore the dedication page in pieces. The symphony was published in 1806 with the subtitle "Eroica" (Heroic). The symphony has four movements (parts).
The first movement has a tempo of Allegro, which is moderately fast. It is in time, and it uses sonata form. It starts with two loud E-flat major chords. Then, the first main melody of the movement is played by the cellos. After a few minutes, the second main melody is played in B-flat major.


Symphony No. 4 (Mendelssohn)

The Symphony No. 4 in A major, Op. 90 is an orchestral work by Felix Mendelssohn. He gave the nickname Italian to the symphony. It premiered in London on 13 March 1833.


Songs Without Words

Songs Without Words is a collection of short piano pieces by Felix Mendelssohn. The collection was published in eight books of six "songs" each between 1829 and 1845. These pieces are suitable for amateur pianists of varying abilities. A few were given titles by Mendelssohn and his publishers: "Venetian Boat Song", "Duetto", "Folk Song", "Spring Song", "Hunting Song", etc.


Claire Dodd

Dorothy Arlene "Claire" Dodd (December 29, 1911 – November 23, 1973) was an American actress. She acted in several movies. She played secretary Della Street in "The Case of the Curious Bride" and "The Case of the Velvet Claws".

Dodd was born in central Iowa. She died from cancer in Beverly Hills, California.

DK Bongos

The DK Bongos are a special bongo-like controller that can be used in some "Donkey Kong" games for Nintendo GameCube. The bongos are shaped like the ones seen in the "Donkey Kong" games. The controller has a built-in microphone to detect clapping. It was introduced in the music video game "Donkey Konga".

The DK Bongos are seen in various games from the "Super Smash Bros." series. They are a part of Donkey Kong's "Final Smash" attack (a powerful attack that can be used to kill opponents easily).


Donkey Konga

Donkey Konga is a rhythm video game for the Nintendo GameCube. It was created by Namco and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on December 12, 2003, in North America on September 27, 2004, and in Europe on October 15, 2004. It is played with the DK Bongos, a controller that looks like two bongo drums. Two sequels, "Donkey Konga 2" and "Donkey Konga 3", were made. "Donkey Konga 3" was only released in Japan.

The Japanese, European, and American versions all have different song lists. There are 32 songs in the Japanese version, 31 songs in the European version, and 33 songs in the American version. Music from Nintendo game series such as "Super Mario Bros." and "The Legend of Zelda" are included.

Eat Bulaga!

Eat Bulaga! formerly Eat... Bulaga!, is a Philippine television variety show broadcast by GMA Network. It is the longest running variety show in the Philippines, with over 13,000 episodes. Originally hosted by Tito Sotto, Vic Sotto, Joey de Leon, Chiqui Hollman and Richie D'Horsie, it premiered on Radio Philippines Network on July 30, 1979. The show was originally produced by Production Specialists, Inc., until TAPE Inc. took over its production on July 7, 1981.

On March 9, 2020, APT Studios we're suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 


Tito Sotto

Vicente "Tito" Castelo Sotto III (born August 24, 1948) is an actor, TV host and a politician in the Philippines.

Sotto was vice mayor of Quezon City, Philippines from 1988 to 1992. He was also in the Philippines' Senate for two terms from 1992 to 2004. In 2010, he was reelected in the Senate.

He was a host of "Eat Bulaga!".

On May 21, 2018, he became the 29th President of the Senate of the Philippines, replacing Koko Pimentel.

Sotto was a candidate for Vice President of the Philippines in the 2022 election.

Sotto was born on 24 August 1948. His parents were Marcelino Ojeda Sotto and Dr. Herminia Castelo Sotto. He studied at the Colegio de San Juan de Letran in Intramuros, Manila. He earned there a Bachelor of Arts degree majoring in English. 

Senate of the Philippines

The Senate of the Philippines (Filipino: "Senado ng Pilipinas", also "Mataas na Kapulungan ng Pilipinas" or "upper chamber") is the upper house of the bicameral legislature of the Philippines, the Congress; the House of Representatives is the lower house. 

The Senate is made of 24 senators who are elected at-large with the country as one district under plurality-at-large voting.

The Senate shall elect its President and the House of Representatives its Speaker by a vote of all its respective members.


Wheel 2000

Wheel 2000 (full title Wheel of Fortune 2000) was a children's' television game show. It aired on Saturday mornings on NBC from September 13, 1997 to February 7, 1998. It was a spin-off of the television game show "Wheel of Fortune". It was hosted by David Sidoni.

Gameplay was the same as the adult version of "Wheel of Fortune", with some differences. Instead of money, players played for points. Winning a round earned the player a prize. Players picked from three categories at the start of a round. A new category replaced the one picked in the next round. Other things included:

After a puzzle, a video clip about the puzzle was shown.

The winning player chose one of two prize packages, labeled "A" and "B." A puzzle was given, and all instances of the letters R, S, T, L, N, and E were shown. The player then picked three more consonants and a vowel. Solving the puzzle correctly in 10 seconds won the player the prize package.

Claire Windsor

Claire Windsor (14 April 1892 – 24 October 1972) was an American actress who acted primarily in movies in the silent era. Her career lasted close to 27 years, although she made many very notable movies in her career. Windsor was born in Kansas. She died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California at age 80.

1948 United States presidential election

The 1948 United States presidential election happened on November 2, 1948. This election was between Harry S. Truman (president at that time) and Thomas E. Dewey (the Governor of New York). Truman won by 303 electoral votes. Dewey got 189 electoral votes. Thurmond got 39 electoral votes including a faithless elector in Tennessee.

This election is best known as an upset because of the election results. Predictions showed that Dewey would beat Truman at the polls. For example, a newspaper in Chicago printed an issue in advance which said that Dewey had won the election. However, Truman won the election instead.

Republican candidates:
Democratic candidates:

Lamar, Missouri

Lamar is a city and county seat of Barton County, Missouri, United States. It is well known as the birthplace of President Harry S. Truman. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 4,266.

Violin Concerto (Mendelssohn)

The Violin Concerto in E minor, Op. 64 is a work for orchestra and solo violin by Felix Mendelssohn. He completed the concerto in 1844. It was written for Leipzig concertmaster Ferdinand David. The sonata rondo finale is written in E major. The concerto is a pillar of the classical repertoire.


Piano Concerto No. 5 (Beethoven)

The Piano Concerto No. 5 in E flat major ("Emperor"), Op. 73 is a piece of music for piano and orchestra by Ludwig van Beethoven. It was written in 1809, and was first performed in Leipzig in November 1811. It is the last of Beethoven's concertos.

Beethoven's growing deafness made it impossible for him to play the first performance. It was played by Friedrich Schneider. The work is written on a grand scale with themes that are martial at times, and at other times intimate and personal.


Piano Sonata No. 14 (Beethoven)

The Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-sharp minor ""Quasi una fantasia", Op. 27, No. 2, popularly known as the Moonlight Sonata", is a piano sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven. Completed in 1801 and dedicated in 1802 to his student, Countess Giulietta Guicciardi, it is one of Beethoven's most popular musical compositions for the piano.

The first edition of the score has "Sonata quasi una fantasia" written as the heading, a title this work shares with its companion piece, Op. 27, No. 1. Grove Music Online translates the Italian title as "sonata in the manner of a fantasy".

The name "Moonlight Sonata" started to become in use after the comments made by German music critic and poet Ludwig Rellstab about what the music reminded him of. In 1832, five years after Beethoven's death, Rellstab imagined the effect of the first movement like a moonlight shining above Lake Lucerne. Many agreed to this idea, and within ten years, the name "Moonlight Sonata" (""Mondscheinsonate"" in German) was being used in German and English publications. Later in the 19th century, it could be said that the sonata was "universally known" by that name.

Many critics have disagreed to the subjective, Romantic nature of the title "Moonlight", which has often been called "a misleading approach to a movement with almost the character of a funeral march" and "absurd". Other critics have approved of the nickname, finding it memorable or similar to their own connections with the work. "Gramophone" founder Compton Mackenzie found the title "harmless", saying that "it is silly for austure critics to work themselves up into a state of almost hysterical rage with poor Rellstab", and adding, "what these austere critics fail to grasp is that unless the general public had responded to the suggestion of moonlight in this music Rellstab's remark would long ago have been forgotten."

Although there is no direct reason as to why Beethoven decided to title both the Op. 27 works as "Sonata quasi una fantasia", it may be important that the layout of the present work does not follow the traditional movement arrangement in the Classical period of fast-slow-[fast]-fast. Instead, the sonata has an end-weighted path, with the faster more technically complex music saved until the third movement. In his analysis, German critic Paul Bekker says that "The opening sonata-allegro movement gave the work a definite character from the beginning... which succeeding movements could supplement but not change. Beethoven rebelled against this determinative quality in the first movement. He wanted a prelude, an introduction, not a proposition.”

The sonata consists of three movements:





Denis Napthine

Denis Vincent Napthine (born 6 March 1952) is an Australian politician for the Liberal Party in the state of Victoria. He is a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, representing the electoral district of South-West Coast. Following the resignation of Ted Baillieu, he was elected leader of the Parliamentary Liberal Party on 6 March 2013 and was sworn in as the 47th Premier of Victoria later the same day. On 29 November 2014, at the Victorian state election, the Coalition was defeated by Labor and Napthine conceded defeat and his term as Premier ended on 4 December 2014 when the new Labor government was sworn in and he resigned as Liberal leader and was succeeded in the Liberal leadership by Matthew Guy.

One of Napthine's ancestors is the renowned convict, Joseph Potaski. Before entering political life he was a veterinarian, undertaking a Bachelor's and then a Master's Degree in Veterinary Science, both from the University of Melbourne, and later gaining a Master's Degree in Business Administration, from Deakin University.

Napthine was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1988 as Member for the country seat of Portland, as the electorate was then known. He was re-elected in 1992, 1996 and 1999. The electorate of Portland was abolished in the 2002 redivision. Napthine was then elected MLA for South-West Coast in the November 2002 election. He was re-elected in November 2006 with an increased margin.

He was appointed as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Health in 1992 and then promoted to Minister for Youth and Community Services in 1996 in Jeff Kennett's Liberal government, a position he held from 1996 to 1999.

Following the defeat of the Liberal Party at the 1999 election, Kennett resigned as Liberal leader, and Napthine was a surprise choice to take his place. Napthine had briefly served as Deputy Liberal Leader having been elected to the position just shortly before Kennett stood down as Liberal Leader. During his term as Opposition Leader the Liberal-National coalition split, fracturing the opposition parties.

Under Napthine's leadership, the Liberal Party did poorly in the polls and did not make any significant electoral inroads on the ruling Labor Government. Shortly before the 2002 state election, Doyle challenged Napthine for the leadership of the Liberal Party. Doyle won the leadership by a narrow margin, but went on to lead the party to its worst electoral defeat ever, in which Napthine nearly lost his seat.

After the Liberals won the 2010 Victorian election, Napthine was made a member of Ted Baillieu's cabinet. He served as the Minister for Ports, Racing, Regional Cities and Major Projects.


Constraint

Constraint may refer to:





Amrapur

Amrapur is a small village in Jamnagar, Gujarat, India.
The road to it is from Kalavad to Ranuja, Dhutarpur, Summary, Kharavedha, Amrapur.

Amrapur is surrounded on three sides by a dam.

Most people there are farmers. Some of them are connected with animal husbandry.

Mr Vijaybhai Borsadiya is currently surpanch of the village‍.



Ta'if

Taif or Ta'if (, ) is a city in the Mecca Province of Saudi Arabia at a height of on the slopes of the Sarawat Mountains (Al-Sarawat Mountains). It has a population of 521,273 (2004 census). Each summer the Saudi Government moves from the heat of Riyadh to Ta'if. The city is the centre of an agricultural area known for its grapes, roses and honey.

The inhabitants of Ta'if, are largely made up of the Saudis. There are also significant foreigners from Asia, Turkey, and other Arab countries.

In the 6th century the city of Tā'if was ruled by the Banu Thaqif tribe.

The town is about southeast of Mecca. The walled city was a pagan religious centre. It housed the idol of the goddess al-lāt, who was then known as "the lady of Tā'if." Its climate was different from its dry and barren areas closer to the Red Sea. Wheat, vines, and fruit were grown around Tā'if. The city earned its title "the Garden of the Hejaz."

Both Ta'if and Mecca were resorts of pilgrimage. The people of Ta'if had close trade relations with the people of Mecca. The people of Ta'if carried on agriculture and fruit‑growing in addition to their trade activities.

During the Year of the Elephant, the city was involved in several events.

In 630, the Battle of Hunayn took place at Hunayn, close to this city. Shortly after that, the failed Siege of Ta'if took place. The city was attacked by Banu Daws, but it survived and repelled the attacks. The Battle of Tabouk in 631 left Tā'if completely saperated from the other ares so members of Thaqīf arrived in Mecca to negotiate the conversion of the city to Islam. The idol of al-lāt and other signs of the city's previously pagan past were destroyed.

On 17 July 1517 the Sharif of Mecca gave away Ta'if to the Ottoman Sultan Selim I. As a sign of this, he surrendered to him the keys of the Islamic cities of Mecca and Medina. As part of the Hejaz, Ta'if was also given over to Ottoman control.
The city remained Ottoman for a further three centuries, until in 1802 it was retaken by Saudi revolt, who were in alliance with the House of Saud. These forces then continued to take Mecca and Medina. The loss was keenly felt by the Ottoman Empire, which viewed itself as the protector of the Holy Cities. The Ottoman Sultan, Mahmud II, called upon his nominal Viceroy in Egypt Muhammad Ali, who launched an attack on the Hejaz and reconquered Ta'if in 1813.

In 1813, the Swiss traveller and orientalist Johann Ludwig Burckhardt visited Ta'if. He has left an eyewitness account on the city just after it was taken back by the Muhammad Ali, with whom he obtained several interviews while he was there. According to Burckhardt, the wall and ditch around the city had been built by Othman el Medhayfe. There were three gates and several towers on the city walls, which, however, were weak, being in some places only thick. The castle had been built by Sharif Ghalib. He also noted the destruction of the city caused by the conquest of 1802. Most of the buildings were still in ruin while he was there and the tomb of Abdullah ibn Abbas – cousin of Muhammad and ancestor of the Abbasid Caliphate – had been severely damaged. He also recorded that the population of the city was still mostly Thaqīf. In terms of trade, the city was an trading post for coffee.

The castle and military barracks in Ta'if were repaired by the Ottomans in 1843, a "Hükümet Konağı" – mansion for government business – was built in 1869, and a post office was established sometime later.

Prior to the Arab Revolt, Ahmed Bey had been made the commander of Ottoman forces in Tā'if. He had under him a force of 3,000 soldiers and 10 guns of the mountain artillery. Ghalib Pasha, the governor of the Hejaz was also present in the city. In 1916, the Hashemites launched their revolt against the Ottoman Empire in Mecca in June. The city had fallen and then in July, Abdullah, the eldest son of the Hashemite leader and Sharif of Mecca Husayn ibn Ali, was sent with seventy men to Tā'if. While his activities in the area aroused the suspicion of Ahmed Bey, Ghalib Pasha was unconcerned by a so small force. Abdullah secretly built up his army to 5,000 men. He then cut the telegraph wires to the city and then went on the attack. All Hashemite attacks on the city were repelled by the mountain guns, and both sides settled down to an uneasy siege. However, Hashemite guns were slowly brought up to Tā'if, and then the city held out a little longer; it finally surrendered on 22 September. The city thus later became a part of the self-proclaimed Hashemite Kingdom of Hejaz.

Ta'if did not remain in Hashemite hands for very long time. Tensions between the King of the Hejaz, Husayn ibn Ali, and Abdulaziz al-Saud, Sultan of Nejd, soon broke out into violence. Although hostilities were temporarily patched up in 1919, by September 1924 the then Saudi-sponsored Ikhwan under the leadership of Sultan bin Bajad and Khaled bin Luwai was ready to attack Ta'if. The city was supposed to have been defended by the king's son, Ali, but he fled in panic with his troops. 300 of them were slain by the Ikhwan. In 1926 Abdulaziz al-Saud was officially recognized as the new king of Hejaz. Ta'if remained a part of the Kingdom of Hejaz until Abdulaziz al-Saud unified his two kingdoms into one under the title of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1932. The king himself was later to die in the city on 9 November 1953.

Ta'if was still little more than a medieval city when the Saudis took control of it. However, they later stared to modernize the city. Saudi Arabia's first public power generator was set up in Ta'if in the late 1940s. In terms of building roads to the city, in 1965 the then King Faisal inaugurated the mountain highway between Mecca and Ta'if, and in 1974 the 400 mile Ta'if-Abha-Jizan highway was started.


Taif has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification "BWh"), with hot summers and mild winters. Temperatures are not as hot in summer as for lower-lying regions of Saudi Arabia. Rain is low, but all months see some rain, with more rain in spring and late autumn than in other months.

Bani Hareth is one of the Adnani Arabs tribes living around Taif in Saudi Arabia. The tribe is one of the biggest tribes in the area and occupies the full area between Taif and Al Qunfuthah in Saudi.
Bani Adwan is one of the Adnani Arabs tribes living originally in the northern part of Taif, and in the southern part of Jordan. (in Arabic) is a figure of the tribe In the pre-Islamic era, in which he's known as a poet and a man of wisdom.Furthermore, Banu Thabet are people descended from Thabit. The tribe is originally part of Otaibah clan.




Loch Morar

Loch Morar is a lake in Scotland. It is 310 metres deep, which makes it the deepest fresh water lake in Britain, and the third deepest in Europe.

Clark County, Wisconsin

Clark County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 34,659 people lived there. Its county seat is Neillsville.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . It has of land. Water covers (0.28%) of the county.

As of the census of 2000, the county had 33,557 people living there. There were 12,047 households and 8,673 families living in the county. The population density was 28 people per square mile (11/km²). Clark County had 13,531 housing units. There were, on average, about 11 housing units per square mile (4/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 98.05% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.48% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.56% from other races, and 0.47% from two or more races. 1.20% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 54.0% were of German, 9.0% Polish, 6.2% Norwegian and 6.1% United States or American ancestry according to Census 2000. 6.62% said that they spoke German, Pennsylvania German, or Dutch at home. 1.34% said that they spoke Spanish.




Violin Concerto (Brahms)

The Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 77 is a work for orchestra and solo violin by Johannes Brahms. He completed the concerto in the summer of 1878. It was written for Joseph Joachim. The concerto premiered in Leipzig on 1 January 1879.


Fairview Alpha, Louisiana

Fairview Alpha is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches and Red River Parishes in the state of Louisiana. At one time, it was known as Messick and Alpha. Fairview Alpha was founded in 1912.

According to the USGS, Fairview Alpha was "originally named Messick for a family that owned a store here, however, when the Alpha School (Natchitoches Parish) and Fairview School (Red River Parish) were combined in 1912, the new name came into use".





Neillsville, Wisconsin

Neillsville is a city in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, 2,463 people lived there. Meillsville is the county seat of Clark County.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

The Ojibwa were the earliest known people to live in the Neillsville area.

The first European settlers in the area were James O'Neill and his party. They moved to the area around 1845. The group was looking for a place to build a sawmill on the Black River. The city was named O’Neill’s Mill after James O'Neill. O'Neill Creek, which runs through the center of the city, was also named for him.

In 1854, O’Neill’s Mill was made the county seat of Clark County.

Neillsville was platted on April 14, 1855 and incorporated in April 1882.

Neillsville is where well known architect William L. Steele died. Poor health made Steele retire from architecture in late 1946. He left his oldest son William L. Steele, Jr. and partner Josiah D. Sandham in charge of the business. Steele moved to Neillsville to live with one of his daughters. He died at her house on March 4, 1949.

Neillsville is featured in 1995 comedy movie "Tommy Boy". The movie starred Chris Farley and David Spade. When Paul (Rob Lowe), Tommy's Stepbrother, changes the orders in the shipping computer, he changes the order for Nelson Automotive in Neillsville, Wisconsin.


Natchitoches, Louisiana

Natchitoches ( ; ), officially the City of Natchitoches, is the parish seat of Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish. It was established in 1714 by Louis Juchereau de St. Denis as part of French Louisiana. Established in 1714 by Louis Juchereau de St. Denis as part of French Louisiana, the community was named after the indigenous Natchitoches people.

The City of Natchitoches was not incorporated until after Louisiana had become a state (1812), on February 5, 1819. It is the oldest permanent settlement in the region. Natchitoches' sister city is Nacogdoches, Texas. It is also the location of Northwestern State University.

Natchitoches surrounding communities include:




The only AM radio station based in Natchitoches is KNOC 1450, a classic country music station

FM broadcasting



Campti, Louisiana

Campti is a small town in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 887 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area. Campti is a flat area of mostly farmland. It sets on the eastern bank of the Red River. Considerable cattle are also raised in the general area.

Lakeview Junior and Senior High School, a modern consolidated school structure housing pre-kindergarten and grades nine through twelve, is located east of Campti on Louisiana Highway 9. The school is 55 percent African American in enrollment, but Campti itself is some 75 percent African American in population. Students from as far north as Ashland attend Lakeview.

During the American Civil War, Union General A.J. Smith, with two brigades, reached Campti to assist Admiral David Dixon Porter's trapped gunboats on the Red River there. Smith and his men burned Campti, which then contained only a few buildings and houses. The gunboats were returned safely upriver to Grand Ecore in Natchitoches Parish.


Ashland, Louisiana

Ashland, Louisiana may refer to:


Phytophthora iranica

Phytophthora iranica is a plant pathogen that infects the roots of the Myrtle plants. It was discovered in a commercial nursery in Sardinia, Italy.

The fungus causes a blight on the plant, effectively destroying it..

Grotella binda

Grotella binda is a species of moth in the genus Grotella, of the family Noctuidae. This moth species is found in North America. It was first found in Arizona.

Many, Louisiana

Many is the parish seat of Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States. As of the 2020 Census, 2,571 people lived in Many. This is a decrease of 135 from the 2010 Census. The town was named for James B. Many, a commander of nearby Fort Jesup.

Schizoaffective disorder

Schizoaffective disorder is a mental illness that combines elements of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. People suffering from it usually have symptoms of psychosis like hallucinations, paranoia and delusions. People suffering from it also have mood problems like depression or mania. 

Wii MotionPlus

The Wii MotionPlus is an expansion device for the Nintendo Wii. It allows the Wii Remote to better capture motion. It was first announced on July 14, 2008 in a press release by Nintendo. The next day, it was shown at that year's E3. It was released in 2008

On September 29, 2010, Nintendo announced the Wii Remote Plus controller. It is a Wii Remote with MotionPlus built in. This allows players to use special controllers such as the Wii Zapper without removing the MotionPlus device. It was released in Europe on November 5, 2010, in North America on November 7, 2010, and in Japan on November 11, 2010.

Kraft, Louisiana

Kraft is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Wood, Louisiana

Wood is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is east of Kraft and west of Campti on the Jackson Avenue.

Nord N.2501 Noratlas

The SNCAN N.2501 Noratlas or simply Noratlas is a post-war military French transport aircraft designed and built by Société Nationale de Construction Aéronautique du Nord. It was use by several air forces like Armée de l'Air, Luftwaffe, and Israeli Air Force. It was built under licence in Germany. It's first flew in septembre 1949 and was introduced in 1953. France retired its last one in 1984.

The Noratlas is a twin-boom, twin-engine aircraft. Built in metal it has a high wing, and twin-tail. It can carry 35 paratroopers, or 17 injured peoples on stretcher. On freighter configuration it can carry 7 900 kg for cargo missions. Cockpit is for 2 or 3 peoples : pilot, co-pilot, and sometimes navigator.

Some Noratlas were used like electronics warfare aircraft by French Air Force. In this kind, the "Gabriel" or "Grise" (grey in French) had got a crew of 8 or 9 peoples.

Militaries users includes :

Armée de l'Air used SNCAN N.2501 Noratlas for the Algerian war for paratroopers operations, cargo transport, and sometimes search and rescue. In 1956 France and Israel used their Noratlas for Suez Canal crisis.


Bipolar disorder in children

Bipolar disorder in children, more well known as pediatric bipolar disorder, is a very serious condition that affects children and adolescents. Identifying bipolar disorder for children and teenagers can be difficult as some symptoms are very different from adults. Children and teens often have depressed moods mixed with mania taking place almost every day and sometimes at exactly the same time. Diagnosis of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents is controversial, however. This condition often leads to impairments of daily function, and people with bipolar disorder which is prior to 18 years of age are far more likely to commit suicide. Pediatric bipolar disorder is far more acute in children and youth than in the adult population, with diagnoses at very early age. In children or teens, mania often has serious psychotic troubles with mixed mania and depression episodes which are worse and for more erratic times than in adults. Several medications for this condition may have strong side effects for those under 18. Most bipolar children have attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

Andrea Bowen

Andrea Bowen (born March 4, 1990 near Columbus, Ohio) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television programs. She acted as the character Julie in the TV show "Desperate Housewives". She has gotten a few SAG awards for her television work.

Violin Concerto (Beethoven)

The Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 61 is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1806 for Franz Clement, first violinist and conductor of the Theatre an der Wien orchestra. It met with lukewarm approval. It did not receive its rightful due until 1844 when it was conducted in London by Mendelssohn.

The concerto opens with a few strokes on the timpani that led some music lovers to call the work the "Kettledrum Concerto". The first movement lasts about 25 minutes. The second movement is serene and free from the dramatic turbulence of the first. The third movement displays a happy liveliness and makes great demands upon the soloist's skills.


Girls' Day (Germany)

Girls' Day ("Mädchen-Zukunftstag") is a German special day for teenage girls.

Girls' day has been organized annually since 2001.
The annual event is supported by 

The specific date is changed from year to year:



Loch Ness Monster (roller coaster)

The Loch Ness Monster is a steel roller coaster at Busch Gardens Williamsburg in the U.S. state of Virginia. It was the world's first roller coaster to have interlocking loops. The ride is in the Scottish-themed area of the park. It also has a helix tunnel, two lift hills and a 114-foot (35 m) drop. This roller coaster is classified as an American Coaster Enthusiasts Coaster Landmark.

Hans Holbein the Younger

Hans Holbein the Younger (c. 1497 – between 7 October and 29 November 1543) was a German-Swiss artist, painter and printmaker. He is best known for the portraits he painted. He is called "the Younger" to distinguish him from his father, Hans Holbein the Elder. Hans Holbein the Younger was the better painter.

He was an artist born in Augsburg, he later moved to Basel with his family and eventually he traveled to England in 1526 in find work there. He was a great portrait painter. 
He also painted some religious paintings. 

He was a very talented painter who had his own style of painting. He was made to the King's Painter in England. He worked for King Henry VIII.

He also worked in England for several famous people, Thomas More, Anne Boleyn and Thomas Cromwell, and painted many portraits of the English royal family and nobles. These paintings show us today the English court life in the time of Henry VIII of England.

He was loved and appreciated by his time. Holbein is considered one of the greatest artists in the art history. 

His portrait of Erasmus and Thomas More are now very famous. 

Newburgh, Indiana

Newburgh is a city in Indiana. It is in southwestern Indiana.

Pulse

A pulse (or heartbeat) is a throbbing of blood vessels as blood goes through them. You can feel someone's pulse in their wrist, thumb or neck, where vessels are closer to the skin. A normal pulse is below 100 beats per minute. Our pulse quickens when we exercise because the muscles being used need more oxygen. Unusually fast or slow or irregular pulse might mean sickness.

There are normally four heart sounds. Two of them, S1 and S2, can be heard with a stethoscope. Two other sounds, S3 and S4, can not be heard, but they can be seen using a machine called a phonocardiograph. 

Pulses is a term for peas, beans and lentils.

Caramel apple

Caramel apples are apples covered in caramel. They are sometimes given to children on Halloween. They are somewhat like candy. They are also sometimes called taffy apples. Some caramel apples have nuts and other treats stuck to them, to improve the flavor. Taffy apples usually refers to this type of caramel apple.

Coriaria

Coriaria is a genus of plants. It is the only genus currently known in the Coriariaceae family. About 15-20 species are currently known.

Most of the species are shrubs but some are subshrubs (small shrubs) or small trees. Leaves are simple, opposite or whorled, with 3 to 9 major veins coming from the base.

The fruits look like berries but they are small nuts (achenes) protected by enlarged and colored petals. Fruits cannot be eaten because their seeds are poisonous; in some species, mainly those from New Zealand, the petals that protect the true fruits can be eaten. Several species of this genus can fix nitrogen from the air because they have bacteria of genus "Frankia" in their roots.

The name of the genus "Coriaria" was given by Linnaeus in 1753 in "Species Plantarum" (Vol. 2, page 1037). The type species is "Coriaria myrtifolia" L.

"Coriaria" comes from the Latin word "corium", meaning "leather" because these plants have a substance named tannin which is used to make leather from skins.

The several New Zealand species are known by the Māori name of "tutu".

The genus has a very interesting geographic distribution. It is found in 5 regions:

Some species of "Coriaria" are used to produce leather from skins of different animals (cattle, horses).

In New Zealand, the Maori people make a juice with the "fruits" (actually the petals) of "tutu". In Chile, the nuts are used to make poison for rats and mice.

Because they produce many bright, colored fruits, some species of "Coriaria" are used as ornamental plants.

In the genus "Coriaria" (y en la familia "Coriariaceae") there are about 17 species.


Violin Concerto (Tchaikovsky)

The Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 35 is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in 1878. It was first performed in Vienna, Austria, on 4 December 1881. John Warrack writes, "Both the principal themes of [the] first movement are tender and eloquent ... With the Canzonetta that replaced the original Andante [Tchaikovsky] turns towards pure song ... the Finale [is] a cheerful little folk-like theme."


Rock &amp; Roll Jeopardy!

Rock & Roll Jeopardy! was a music-themed television game show. It ran from August 8, 1998 to May 12, 2001 on VH1. It was hosted by Jeff Probst. It was a spin-off of the game show "Jeopardy!".

"Rock & Roll Jeopardy!" played the same as "Jeopardy!". All of the questions were music-themed. Dollar amounts were $100-$500 in the Jeopardy! round and $200-$1000 in the Double Jeopardy! round. The winner kept their winnings, with a minimum of $5,000. The other players won parting gifts. For the first two seasons, players played for points, and the winner won $5,000. Unlike "Jeopardy!", there were no returning champions.

The "Jeopardy!" main theme and think music that plays during Final Jeopardy! were remixed to fit the show's premise. The main theme of this show is currently heard on "Jeopardy!" during special tournaments.

TV Asahi

TV Asahi (Rising Sun television) is a television network in Japan. It started in 1957. In 1996, Masayoshi Son collaborated with Rupert Murdoch and became the largest shareholder, but the Asahi Shinbun purchased it in 1997. TV Asahi was invaded also by the right-wing yakuza and a president of publisher. For those reasons, former the executive of police organization became a company director.


Aydın Aybay

Aydın Aybay (1929 – 6 March 2013) was a Turkish professor of civil law, writer and lawyer. He was one of the founders of the Istanbul University Faculty of Political Sciences, the Maltepe University Faculty of Law and the Cumhuriyet Foundation.

Aydın Aybay was born in Istanbul. He graduated from Istanbul University Faculty of Law in 1953. In the same year, he started his academic career as a research assistant at department of civil law. He earned Doctor of Law degree in 1958 at the same faculty. He became associate professor ("doçent") in 1963 and full professor in 1973.

In 1979, he founded Istanbul University Faculty of Political Sciences with his friends. After 1980 coup d'état, military administration sacked Aydın Aybay from university with many other academics. They are against coup d'état. In 1990s, he returned Istanbul University. In 1996, he retired from public university and started to lecture at the Maltepe University.

In January 2010, Aydın Aybay suffered lung cancer. He died of respiratory failure on 6 March 2013 in Istanbul.

Asahi Shinbun

Asahi Shinbun ("Morning Sun Newspaper") is a major newspaper in Japan. It is based in Osaka. It started in 1879. It is left-wing. It publishes a daily English-language edition online.


David Blaine

David Blaine (born David Blaine White on April 4, 1973) is an American magician. He has set and broken several world records.

Blaine was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York City. His father, William Perez, was a Vietnam veteran. His mother was Patrice Maureen White, a school teacher.

At the age of four, he saw a magician performing at a magic show in the subway, and became interested in the subject. Growing up, he was raised by his single mother. He attended many schools. When he was ten years old, his mother married another man, and the family moved to Little Falls, New Jersey. 

Blaine has a half-brother named Michael James Bukalo. When he was 17 years old, he moved to Manhattan.

Blaine married Alizee Guinochet. They have one daughter, Dessa, who was born in January 2011. Blaine and Guinochet separated in 2014.

Since 1997 and throughout his life, Blaine has been doing all kinds of stunts. Some of them include (in time order):


Every year, David Blaine has traveled all across the country and the world to perform magic for children. 

On January 15, 2010, David Blaine started performing "Magic For Haiti" in Times Square. He performed for 72 hours. He raised nearly one hundred thousand dollars.

David Blaine has traveled internationally. He has performed for President Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, President George W. Bush, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld (at the Pentagon), Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, Henry Kissinger, Bill Gates and Mayor Michael Bloomberg. He has also performed magic for the President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili, the President of Ukraine Victor Yanukovych, and the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev. David Blaine has also performed for Lakshmi Mittal.

Blaine has performed for many other people, including Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Woody Allen, Jack Nicholson, Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, and Muhammad Ali. Blaine has also performed magic alongside Michael Jackson. 

Spaceport

A spaceport is a place for spacecraft to launch or land. It may have launch pads for rocket, and many buildings for preparing and launching space flights. In real life, there are very few spaceports across the world. They are mostly owned by government agencies, for example NASA. They are used to launch scientific research missions, launch man-made satellites and animals.

However, science fiction stories set in the future often have spaceports that are more like modern airports. In these stories, many spacecraft may come and go each day, and they may transport passengers like a real-life airline.


Felicity and Perpetua

Felicity and Perpetua were 3rd century Christian Martyrs in Carthage. They are believed to have died 7 March 203. Their feast day is March 7.


Theoretical linguistics

Theoretical linguistics tries to understand how language works. Syntax, phonology, morphology and semantics are studied, also the things or universals that all languages have in common. 


Li River

The Li River, also called Li Jiang in Chinese, is a river in Guilin Guangxi, China. It is famous for its Karst landscape of mountains and rivers by water cruise.

Li River starts from Mount Mao'er and ranges 83 kilometers southeast from Guilin to Yangshuo, and continues south as the Gui River, which flows into the Xi Jiang River in Wuzhou , the western tributary of the Pearl River in Guangdong.

The 437-kilometer course goes through the Li River, Gui River, Xijiang River and Pearl River from Guangxi to Guangdong, and finally falls into China South Sea.

<br>


Stompin' Tom Connors

Charles Thomas Connors, OC (February 9, 1936 – March 6, 2013) was a Canadian singer-songwriter. He was one of Canada's most well-known country and folk singers.

He received the nickname "Stompin' Tom" when Boyd MacDonald, a waiter at the King George Tavern introduced him as "Stompin' Tom Connors" and because he used to stomp the heel of his left boot to keep rhythm during his songs.

He spent a small time living with his mother in a low-security women's prison before he was taken by Children's Aid Society and he was later adopted by Cora and Russell Aylward of Skinners Pond, Prince Edward Island.

Some of Connors best known songs are "The Hockey Song" (also known as "The Good Old Hockey Game"), "Big Joe Mufferaw", "The Martin Hartwell Story", "Sudbury Saturday Night", "Bud the Spud", "The Black Donnellys", and "Reesor Crossing Tragedy". Connors also had a mini-series on CBC called "Stompin Tom's Canada" where he met people from all around Canada.

Connors was guest on Late Night with Conan O'Brien in 2004 when the show had taped a week's-worth of episodes. He performed a rendition of "The Hockey Song" along with the Toronto audience. This was one of the few times that Connors had performed on American television.

Connors died on March 6, 2013 at his home in Halton Hills, Ontario from kidney failure.



Independence Club

The Independence Club (, ) was a Korean association that supported the independence movement during the Joseon dynasty. It was active from 1896 to 1899. The club was an early supporter of human rights and people's democracy in Korea. It was founded by Seo Jae-pil and Yun Chi-ho.

The group helped build the Independence Gate. and set up the People's Joint Association.




Pearl S. Buck

Pearl S. Buck (June 26, 1892March 6, 1973) was an American writer. She lived in China for over 20 of 40 years and wrote about the country. Her book "The Good Earth" was a bestseller in 1931 and 1932. The book won a Pulitzer Prize in 1932.

She won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Literature for a trilogy of novels about a Chinese farm family and biographies about her missionary parents. When she returned to the United States, she became active in charitable and political causes.

Buck was born in Hillsboro, West Virginia. The letter "S" in her name, "Pearl S. Buck", stands for "Sydenstricker" because her father was named Absalom Sydenstricker. He was a Christian Presbyterian missionary to China, so Buck went to China a little while after she was born. She lived in China until 1934.

Buck learned both Chinese and English. Her mother taught her English, and a tutor taught her Chinese language. When she lived in China, the Boxer Rebellion, in 1900-1901, changed her life and her family's life. Chinese friends stopped being their friends, and people from Europe and America came less to China to visit.

In the early 1900s, Buck went to America to attend college. She went to Randolph-Macon Woman's College in Lynchburg, Virginia. She finished college in 1914. She then became a Presbyterian missionary like her father and returned to China. She left the missionary life in 1933, after the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy, where Fundamentalists (people who thought the Christian Bible should be taught as it was and that ideas such as Darwinism were wrong) and Modernists (people who thought Darwinism was okay) in the Presbyterian church did not like each other.

Buck went back to China in 1914. She married a missionary named John Lossing Buck in 1917. In 1920, they had a daughter. She was named Carol. Carol had Phenylketonuria, a disorder that can cause mental retardation.

Buck was not just a missionary in China. She did other work too. Buck and her family lived in Nanjing from 1920 to 1933. There is a college called Nanjing University in the city. That was where Buck's family lived. Pearl taught English Literature in two different colleges which would later become part of Nanjing University. Those colleges were the University of Nanjing and the National Central University. Buck's mother died in 1921 of a disease called sprue. Pearl went back to America in 1924 and got a Masters Degree from Cornell University in 1924. Pearl's family went back to China in 1925.

Something called the Nanjing Incident, where soldiers of two armies fighting for the control of China attacked Nanjing, happened in 1927. Pearl had to hide from the soldiers. Pearl nearly died. American Navy ships rescued her. Pearl's family moved back to China a year after the Nanjing Incident happened. Then she started to write. She wrote because she needed money to support her family. In 1929, Pearl and her family went back to America to get Carol medical care. In America, her first book was published. It was called "". It was accepted for publication by a man named Richard Walsh, with whom Buck would later live after she left her husband. She went back to Nanjing later in 1929, and then she started to write "The Good Earth". She finished the book in less than one year.

After the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy, Pearl quit her job as missionary and moved back to America for good. She left her husband and he stayed in China.

Buck divorced her husband in 1935. Richard Walsh helped her with the divorce, and she lived with him in Pennsylvania until he died in 1960. Buck died on March 6, 1973 of lung cancer in Danby, Vermont. She designed her tombstone. It had her birth name on it in Chinese.

Pearl wrote many books and short stories about her political views and what she saw in her life. She wrote about women's rights, immigration, adoption, war, missionary work, and Asian life.

Pearl did not like how adoption worked in America. The adoption companies in 1949 thought Asian children and children with mixed races were not able to be adopted. Pearl did not like that. Pearl created Welcome House, which was the first adoption company that had adoption internationally (between two different countries) and interracially (between races). However, some Asian kids were not able to be adopted. This led Pearl to create the Pearl S. Buck Foundation in 1964 to help those kids. It was later re-named Pearl S. Buck International. A year later she opened the Opportunity House (first called the Opportunity Center and Orphanage) in South Korea. Offices of the Opportunity House were later opened in Thailand, Vietnam, and the Philippines. She made Opportunity house to help Asian kids who were not able to live like other children.

Her books were reviewed a lot. She got many positive reviews. One person said she had "beautiful prose" (prose is how a person writes something) but also said her style makes reading her books hard sometime. Some people like how Pearl's books made Americans understand more how Chinese people lived. The books Pearl wrote made Americans like China more and also made Americans like Japan less.

In 1983 (ten years after Pearl died), the United States Postal Service made a postage stamp with Pearl on it. It was part of the 5 cent Great Americans Series. In 1999, the National Women's History Project made Pearl Buck an Honoree of the Women's History Month.

"The Good Earth" was Buck's most popular book. It was a bestseller in 1931 and 1932. In 1932, Buck won the Pulitzer Prize for "The Good Earth". She wrote many other books and short stories. She wrote biographies (a biography is a story about the life of someone) about her parents. In 1938, she won the Nobel Prize in Literature for her biographies and her trilogy.

Cyanosis

Cyanosis is a medical problem. When a person has cyanosis, their skin and mucous membranes turn blue or purple. Cyanosis is a sign that the cyanotic (blue) parts of the body are not getting enough blood and oxygen. This can happen because there is not enough oxygen in the blood. It can also happen when small blood vessels in the body get smaller because of a medical problem (this is called vasoconstriction).

Usually cyanosis is first seen in the extremities (the parts of the body that are farthest away from the heart). Usually the first parts of the body to become cyanotic are the fingertips (especially under the fingernails), the toes, the lips, the tip of the nose, and the earlobes. 
As the body goes longer without oxygen, more of the body becomes cyanotic.

Mallinson Girls School

Mallinson Girls School is a school for girls in Kashmir. It is located in Srinagar. The school was founded by Ms Fitze in 1912 at Fateh Kadal and later moved to Lal Chowk in Srinagar. The school was started by Christian missionaries and named after Mallinson. It still has affiliations with the Church Mission Society. Its motto is 'Faithful in the Least'.

The school's principal is currently Alistair R A Freese.

The Mallinson Girls Srinagar was established at Fateh Kadal in 1912. At this time, there was no education for the people of the valley. The school placed emphasis on physical activities such as cross cross run, camps, kho-kho, basketball, volleyball as well as mental activities such as quiz, seminars and debates. Mallinson Girls School holds the distinction of being one of the best schools in the Valley and in North India.

The school is divided into four houses, named after various flowers in the Kashmir valley:

Competitions between the houses are held.

There are picnics, camping, mountain treks, swimming, C.C. Run, and outdoor games like kho-kho, volleyball and basketball.

There are five departments:

Buzen, Fukuoka

The city of Buzen is on Suo Bay, on the Southeastern corner of the Suo Sea near Kitakyūshū, Fukuoka.



Chikugo, Fukuoka

The city of Chikugo is near Kurume, Fukuoka.



Salif Keita

Salif Keita (born 25 August 1949) is a musician from the country of Mali. He writes songs and sings in the style of afro-pop.

Bell 206

The Bell 206 is a light helicopter. It was designed and built in the United States by Bell Helicopters. It was originally designed for civilian purposes. It was changed to be used by the military, including the US Army. It first flew in December 1962. Its manufacturing stopped in 2010. Licence-built were occurred to Italian company Agusta.

Bell 206 is 39.8½ feet (12.11 meters) long, 33.4 feet (10.16 meters) diameter, and 9.4½ feet (2.88 meters) tall. A minimum mass that weighs 1,713 pounds (777 kg) and at the maximum mass that weighs 3,200 pounds (1 451 kg). It's powered by an Allison 250 engine driving a helicopter rotor with two blades.



The Bell 206 is a very popular helicopter and was sold in many countries in the world, particularly in USA, Canada, and in Europe.

In 2013, current and former users of Bell 206 included: 



List of airports in Saudi Arabia

The list of airports in Saudi Arabia includes many locations.

The airline hub airports in Saudi Arabia are King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh and King Fahd International Airport in Dammam

Jeddah is Saudi Arabia's busiest airport, used heavily during the Hajj season.


Columbia County, Wisconsin

Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 58,490 people lived in Columbia county. Portage is the county seat and largest city in the county.

Columbia County is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (2.75%) is water. The county's highest point is Gibraltar Rock. It is above sea level. The high butte-shaped bluff is located north of Lodi. It looks out over the Lake Wisconsin River valley.




Nintendo Power

Nintendo Power was a monthly Nintendo news and video game strategy magazine. It ran from 1988 to 2012. The first issue, released in July/August 1988, spotlighted the NES game "Super Mario Bros. 2". From 1988 to 2007, the magazine was published by Nintendo of America. Starting in 2007, it was published by Future US, the United States branch of British publisher Future. The last issue was in December 2012, spotlighting the Wii U game "New Super Mario Bros. U".

"Nintendo Power" focused on news, previews, and articles on upcoming Nintendo video games. Other sections included "Pulse" (letters submitted by readers) and "Player Profiles" (information and an interview with a person in the video game industry).

Portage, Wisconsin

Portage is a city in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States. It is the county seat Columbia County. As of the 2010 census, 10,662 people lived in Portage.. It is the largest city in Columbia County. The city is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Portage was named for the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway. It is a portage between the Fox River and the Wisconsin River. It was found by Jacques Marquette and Louis Joliet during their discovery of a route to the Mississippi River in 1673. The slogan of the city is "Where the North Begins."

Portage is the largest city outside of Dane County in the Madison Metropolitan Area.

Portage is in the Wisconsin River valley. The city is surrounded by prairies and grasslands.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

The Native American tribes that once lived here, and the European settlers that moved here later, used the lowlands between the Fox and Wisconsin Rivers as a natural "portage". The French fur traders called the place "le portage". This later became the name of the community. As a portage, this community grew as a center of commerce and trade. Later, a canal was built to support this trade.

By the end of the 17th century, the Fox-Wisconsin waterway was the major fur trade path between Green Bay and Prairie du Chien. In the 1780s and 1790s, traders built their warehouses at each end of The Portage. In the early 19th century, Portage was mostly populated by Metis. In 1828, the federal government saw the economic importance of The Portage. They built Fort Winnebago at the Fox River end. Portage became the county seat in 1851. The community incorporated as Portage City in 1854.



Dodge County, Wisconsin

Dodge County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 89,396 lived there. Juneau is the county seat of Dodge County.
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (2.72%) is water.


King Khalid International Airport

King Khalid International Airport (), also known by the acronym KKIA) is a Saudi international airport which is close to Riyadh.

The airport was designed by the architectural firm Hellmuth, Obata and Kassabaum (HOK).


Paris Fire Brigade

The Brigade des Sapeurs-Pompiers de Paris or BSPP is the Paris fire service. The brigade is part of the French army, and its firefighters are also soldiers. They do not usually take part in military action, but are well-known for taking part in military parades. The brigade covers Paris and the nearby departments of Hauts-de-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis, and Val-de-Marne. It is also one of the main ambulance services of the area. It also has a lot of special vehicles, such as light boats.


Juneau, Wisconsin

Juneau is a city in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 2,814 people lived there. It is the county seat of Dodge County.

Juneau is named after its founder, the Metis Paul Juneau, He was the son of Solomon Juneau, founder of Milwaukee.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.



Paris–Le Bourget Airport

Paris–Le Bourget Airport is an airport near Paris, France. It was the international airport for Paris before the building of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport and Orly Airport. It is now an airport for all business class aircraft. The Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace (the French aviation and space museum) is there. The famous Paris Air Show happens here.
On 14 April 2016, the Groupe ADP rolled out the Connect 2020 corporate strategy and the commercial brand Paris Aéroport was applied to all Parisian airports, including Le Bourget airport.

Le Bourget has been called "The Teterboro of Europe" because of role it plays in accepting all the business aviation flying into Paris, and the support base.

Eau Claire County, Wisconsin

Eau Claire County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. Its county seat is Eau Claire. "" is French for "clear water". As of 2020, 105,710 people lived there.

Eau Claire county began as the Town of Clearwater in Chippewa County in 1855. The name was changed to the Town of Eau Claire on March 31, 1856. The town was made into Eau Claire County by the Wisconsin State Legislature on October 6, 1856.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (1.18%) is water.

The legislative body of Eau Claire County is the 29-member Eau Claire County Board of Supervisors. Members of the board of supervisors are elected by district. The chairperson and vice-chair positions are elected from members of the board.

Eau Claire County contains parts of the Wisconsin State Senate districts 23 and 31. It also contains parts of Wisconsin State Assembly districts 68, 92, and 93. At the federal level, the entire county is in Wisconsin's third congressional district.

 Historical community


Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin

Fond du Lac County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 104,154 people lived there. Its county seat is Fond du Lac.

The county name is French for "bottom (or foot) of the lake."
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (5.60%) is water.


Fond du Lac, Wisconsin

Fond du Lac is a city in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States. The name is French for "bottom (or foot) of the lake". It was named this because of its location at the bottom (south end) of Lake Winnebago. As of the 2010 census, 43,021 people lived there.

Native American tribes lived or gathered in the area long before Europeans got there. These tribes included the Winnebagos , Potawatomi, Kickapoo, and Mascoutin. It is not known who was the first white man to explore the southern end of Lake Winnebago. It is thought to be Claude-Jean Allouez.

The first school in Fond du Lac was built in 1843. The first railroad came to Fond du Lac in 1852. Logging and milling were main industries in the late 1880s.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Physical system

In physics, a physical system is any object or part of an object that can be analysed with the laws of physics. An atom or the water in a lake can both be considered as physical systems. Everything outside the system is called the environment, which in the analysis is ignored except for its effects on the system.

All matter and energy in the universe could be treated as one big physical system, but often it is much much easier to look at the universe a few particles at a time, and treat these particles as their own quantum systems. There are many many different physical systems that physicists like to study. Some examples are:
Physical systems are different to conceptual systems, which study theoretical objects, ideas or concepts (such as the Turing machine).


Grant County, Wisconsin

Grant County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 51,938 people lived there. Its county seat is Lancaster. Grant County also is in the tri-state area with Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (3.1%) is water.






Parcae

In Roman mythology, the Parcae (singular: Parca) were the female personifications of destiny. They are often called the Fates in English. Their Greek equivalents were the Moirai. They controlled the "thread of life" of every mortal and immortal. Even the gods feared the Parcae.

The names of the three Parcae were:

The earliest known documents about these deities are three small stelae "(cippi)". They were found near ancient Lavinium shortly after World War II. They have the inscription:
"Neuna fata, Neuna dono, Parca Maurtia dono"
The names of two of the three Roman Parcae are recorded ("Neuna" = Nona, "Maurtia" = Morta) and connected to the concept of "fata".

One of the sources for the Parcae is "Metamorphoses" by Ovid, II 654, V 532, VIII 452, XV 781.


Lancaster, Wisconsin

Lancaster is a city in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States.. As of the 2010 census, 3.868 people lived there. Lancaster is the county seat of Grant County.

Major G.M. Price laid out the town in 1837. He was asked to name it Lancaster by a relative who came from Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Lancaster was the home of the first governor of Wisconsin, Nelson Dewey.

Lancaster is located in the unglaciated "Driftless Area" of southwest Wisconsin. Its topography is very different from that of the rest of the state.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.



Kewaunee County, Wisconsin

Kewaunee County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 20,563 people lived there. Its county seat is Kewaunee. Kewaunee County is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (68.41%) is water.


Kewaunee, Wisconsin

Kewaunee is a city in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 2,952 people lived there. The city is on the northwestern shore of Lake Michigan. It is the county seat of Kewaunee County.

Kewaunee is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Green Lake County, Wisconsin

Green Lake County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 19,018 people lived there. Its county seat is Green Lake.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (6.87%) is water.




Green Lake, Wisconsin

Green Lake is a city in Green Lake County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 960 people lived there. The city is on the north side of Big Green Lake. The city of Green Lake is the county seat for the county of Green Lake.

Green Lake is located at (43.842675, -88.957813). It is about 30 minutes west of Fond du Lac.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water. Green Lake is the second deepest inland lake in Wisconsin. It is 239 feet deep at its deepest point. It is the deepest natural inland lake in the state.

Green Lake is known for its fishing and recreational tourism during the summer months.

Green Lake is also home to several parks.

The small town has many shops and restaurants.


Iowa County, Wisconsin

Iowa County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 23,709 people lived there. Its county seat is Dodgeville. It is also the largest city in the county.

Iowa County is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.70%) is water.




Dodgeville, Wisconsin

Dodgeville is a city in Iowa County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 Census, 4,698 people lived there. It is the largest city in Iowa county and the 9th largest city within the Madison metropolitan area. It is also the county seat of Iowa County. Dodgeville is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area. New London, Minnesota

Dodgeville is one of Wisconsin's oldest cities. It is the sixth oldest European settlement in the state. At one time, it was the largest city in Wisconsin.

The city is twinned with Oakham, Rutland, United Kingdom.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.

In 1827, Henry Dodge began what would become the city of Dodgeville. Dodge made a pact with the local Winnebago Indian leaders. The pact let him build a cabin and smelter. The first community was made up of three settlements: "Dodgeville", "Dirty Hollow" and "Minersville".

Dodgeville was named after Henry Dodge. It grew slowly during its early years. It became a village in the 1840s. Later a small "war" was fought with Mineral Point over which community should be the county seat of Iowa County. Mineral Point was the seat, but the people of Dodgeville felt they should be the county seat. It is said that people from Mineral Point fired a cannon at Dodgeville over this. Dodgeville eventually became the county seat. It is the site of the Iowa County seat in what is Wisconsin's oldest courthouse. Dodgeville then had its population grow very quickly. Many miners moved to the city from England. British and Cornish architecture can still be seen in the city today. Dodgeville became the largest city in Wisconsin. This did not last long. The amount of mining grew smaller. Because of this, quickly growing cities such as Milwaukee became larger than Dodgeville.

The foundations for the Iowa County Courthouse were laid in 1859. This makes it the oldest continuously active courthouse in the state.



Steam (service)

Steam is an internet-based digital distribution, digital rights management, multiplayer and social networking program developed and distributed by Valve Corporation. Steam has its own store where the user can purchase video games and other software. It is available for Microsoft Windows, OS X and Linux. Steam also has an application with fewer functions for smartphones which is available for Android and iOS. Steam can also be used as a communication software, meaning that you can talk with people if they are your friends on Steam.

The Steam platform is considered to be one of the largest digital distribution platform for PC gaming, and was estimated by Screen Digest to have 75% of the market space in October 2013. In 2015, users purchasing titles through Steam or through Steam keys from third-party vendors totaling around $3.5 billion representing 15% of the global PC game sales for the year, based on estimations made by the tracking website Steam Spy. By the end of 2015, the service had over 125 million registered accounts, with 12.5 million concurrent users. The success of the Steam platform has led to the development of a line of Steam Machine micro-console, as well as SteamOS, an in-house fork of the Debian operating system. As of February 2015, Steam has over 125 million users.

Violin Concerto No. 1 (Bach)

The Violin Concerto No. 1 in A minor (BWV 1042) is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Johann Sebastian Bach about 1730. It consists of three movements (quick-slow-quick) in imitation of the pattern set by Antonio Vivaldi. The first movement is in quick 2/4 time and written in ritornello structure. The central movement is an aria "without wordslyrical, expressively warm, ever gentle, yet inescapably melancholic..." The last movement is a jig in 3/8 time marked Allegro. Like Bach's two other violin concertos, the solo instrument appears to both compete and cooperate with the orchestra.


Violin Concerto No. 5 (Mozart)

The Violin Concerto No. 5 in A major ("Turkish"), K. 219 is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1775. He wrote five concertos for violin between April and December 1775. These were probably written for his own use as concertmaster of the Archbishop of Salzburg's orchestra. The five concertos are the only violin concertos he wrote.

The concerto begins with a quick Allegro aperto movement which is followed by a slow Adagio second movement. The third and final movement is a rondo in minuet tempo. "Turkish" music was popular at the time this concerto was written. The rondo's wild, frenzied contrasting section gives the concerto its nickname. 

Wen Jiabao

Wen Jiabao (born September 15, 1942 in Tianjin) was Premier of the People's Republic of China from 2003 through 2013. His second term as Premier is due to end in 2013. He has a postgraduate degree in geology.

In his final address as China’s prime minister, Wen warned of the nations growing divisions between rich and poor, the hazards of unchecked environmental degradation and the risks posed by unbalanced economic growth.


King Abdulaziz International Airport

King Abdulaziz International Airport () , also known by the acronym KAIA), is a Saudi international airport which is close to Jeddah.

Construction work on KAIA airport began in 1974, The airport officially opened in April 1981.



Family Fortunes

Family Fortunes is a British television game show. It is based on the American game show "Family Feud". It has aired in various forms since 1980. The current version running since 2020 is presented by Gino D’Acampo. This version airs on Sunday nights on ITV. The original presenter Bob Monkhouse didn’t like the title of the American version of the show as he thought it sounded "too aggressive" and so, it was changed for the UK version. 

Two teams of five family members compete to guess the answers to survey questions asked to 100 people. The answers are seen on a huge survey board, named Mr. Babbage after Charles Babbage, who came up with the idea of a computer that could be programmed. Each answer is worth £1 per point. If a given answer does not make the survey, the family gets a strike. This is indicated by an "Eh-uh" sound effect, which has become a popular element of the show. If a family gets three strikes, the other family can steal the points by giving an answer that makes the survey. After three rounds, Double Money is played. Here, answers are worth £2 a point, and there are usually fewer answers. The first team to reach 300 points goes on to play Big Money. During gameplay, a special sound effect is heard with some answers which means a contestant has won a small prize such as home appliances or short breaks. Some questions result in hilarious responses from contestants of which there were many over the show’s run. One such example from a Les Dennis episode was Name A Bird With A Long Neck? in which one contestant replied with Naomi Campbell, a well-known supermodel at the time when it aired. 

Two members of the winning family are asked five survey questions, one at a time. One family member is on-stage, while the other is off-stage. After the five questions are answered or the time limit (either 15 or 20 seconds) is up, the answers and their point values are revealed. After that, the other family member is asked the same five questions. They must give different answers. Afterwards, the answers and their point values are revealed. If the family gets 200 points or more, they win the top prize. If the family gives the number one answers for all five questions, they also win a bonus prize, from 1994 to 2002, a family car was offered as the star prize and from 1998, either that or an exotic holiday. If they do not reach 200 points, they win £2 per point (£10 per point in the current version). In a 1983 episode when Max Bygraves was hosting, one contestant gave the answer of Turkey to three of the questions asked in the round, causing much amusement. 

"Family Fortunes" originally aired from 1980 to 2002 on ITV. It was hosted by Bob Monkhouse from 1980 to 1983. Later in 1983, Max Bygraves replaced him and hosted until 1985. When the show came back in 1987, it was hosted by Les Dennis who became the best known host until 2002. Later in that year, he was replaced by Andy Collins when it became a daytime show which wasn’t very popular and hosted it until the show's end that same year. The All Star version, which started in 2006, featured celebrity families was hosted by Vernon Kay and ran until 2015. In 2020, the show returned with normal families playing again, this time hosted by Italian chef Gino D’Acampo. 


Brown College (Minnesota)

Brown College (Minnesota) is a college in Mendota Heights, a southern suburb of Minneapolis-Saint Paul in Dakota county, Minnesota.


Grid computing

Grid computing is a form of distributed computing whereby a "virtual supercomputer" is made up of a group of networked, loosely coupled computers, working together to perform very large tasks. It is different from cluster computing, where the computers are similar and work together on a large task. The computers involved in grid computing can be quite different from one another. They work on separate pieces of the larger problem.

Lee Jung-hee

Lee Jung-hee (; , "Yi Jeong-hee", born December 22, 1969 Seoul) is a South Korean human rights activist, politician, lawyer and feminist. She was a member of the 18th National Assembly of South Korea.

Lee was a graduate of Seomun Women's Middle School and Seomun Women's High School. Later, she studied at Seoul National University, Department of Law.

In 1996, Lee passed the 38th lawyers exam. She became more active in advocating freedom, human rights, women rights. In 2006, Lee joined the Democratic Labor Party. In 2008, she was elected to the 18th session of the Korean National Assembly.

In 2007 she joined the Democratic Labor Party.

In 2008, she was elected vice leader of the Democratic Labor Party and in 2009, leader of the Democratic Labor Party. In 2012, her participation was found to Integrate progressives Partys. That year, she was a candidate for South Korea's 18th presidential election. But she was defeated by Park Geun-hye.


Spun

Spun is a 2002 melodramatic crime comedy movie. It is about meth abuse and drug addiction. Brittany Murphy plays Nikki, John Leguizamo plays Spider Mike and Mena Suvari plays Cookie. This melodramatic comedy was rated NC-17 by the MPAA, although the rating was later surrendered. This movie got negative review from critics when it was released.

Stall (flight)

A stall is what happens when an aerofoil can not make enough lift to keep the aircraft in flight. Stalling can be risky and dangerous when caused unintentionally or with lack of enough vertical distance for recovery.
A stall is caused when the critical angle of attack, or AoA, is exceeded. The angle of attack, which is the angle between the chord line and relative wind of the aircraft's wing, is typically around 15 degrees. 

The signs of the developing stall are:


The signs of a full stall are:


There is the chance of entering a spin if the aircraft controls are not coordinated

To recover from a stall, the pilot must push the nose down. Then the pilot must increase the engine power using the throttle. When air speed increases again, the pilot can level the wings and pull up to return the aircraft to normal flight.

An aircraft with a T tail is at risk from deep stall, because the turbulent air coming back off the stalled wings covers the elevators and makes it very difficult to push the nose down and recover.

In the United States the FAA requires private pilots to understand the theory and execute stalls at altitude. This, ideally, enables them to recognize the indicators of a stall and prevent an accidental stall at low altitude.

Used to simulate a stall while executing a take off, go around or climbing. 

The steps to execute a power on stall are:


Used to simulate a stall while in a low speed "dirty" configuration(flaps out, gear down, etc.) such as while on downwind, base or final while prepping to land.

The steps to execute a power off stall are:


An accelerated stall is very similar to the power off stall, however it is performed while executing a turn. The term accelerated comes from the fact that while in a turn there is an extra "load" due to the G-force being exerted on the plane. This extra force makes it easier for a stall condition to occur.

A stall turn is an aerobatic manoeuvre also known as a hammerhead. The pilot lowers the aircraft's nose to increase speed, then pulls up sharply to the vertical. The aircraft slows to a low airspeed, then the pilot applies rudder to yaw to the left or right through 180 degrees. The pilot then recovers from the subsequent dive once the aircraft has sufficient airspeed. If executed correctly the wing is not stalled at any point, hence the preferred name of "hammerhead" for this manoeuvre.

Pronounce: stall stall stall. Three repeat
Opel Cascada

The Opel Cascada was a convertible car produced by the German carmaker Opel from 2013 to 2018. It is the convertible version of the Opel Astra. The model is sold as the Vauxhall Cascada in the UK, and as the Buick Cascada in the US.

Opel Adam

The Opel Adam is a car produced by the German carmaker Opel. It was made between 2012 and 2019. It was named after its founder Adam Opel and is sold in the UK as a Vauxhall. It's known for having many personalisation options. Production ended in 2019 after a single generation. 

Opel Mokka

The Opel Mokka is a car from the German carmaker Opel since 2012. The Mokka is a subcompact crossover SUV, and rides on GM's Gamma platform, which is the same platform the Chevrolet Aveo/Sonic and Spark are built on. The Mokka is sold as the Buick Encore and Chevrolet Trax in North America and is sold as a Vauxhall in the UK. The Opel/Vauxhall versions were facelifted in 2016 and were renamed Mokka X. It entered its second generation in 2020 and is now called the Mokka again, it offers petrol, diesel and electric versions.

Opel Antara

The Opel Antara was a compact CUV from the General Motors' German automaker Opel from 2006 to 2017. The Antara replaced the Opel Frontera a badge engineered version of the compact Isuzu Rodeo SUV. It was sold as the second generation Saturn Vue, as a fleet-only Chevrolet Captiva Sport in America, and as a Vauxhall model in the UK. The Vue was discontinued after Saturn went out of business. The Captiva Sport was discontinued upon the introduction of the Trax. The Antara was expected to be replaced with a rebadged Buick Envision and was to be sold as the Opel Antara B. However it was canceled due to the sale of Opel to PSA Peugeot Citroën. It was replaced by an SUV named the Grandland X in 2017.

Dassault Mirage IV

The Dassault Mirage IV was a twin-engine French supersonic bomber. It first flew in June 1959. It could carry a nuclear bomb "AN-22" or a nuclear missile "ASMP". It was in active service from 1964 to 2009. From 1990, it was used like a reconnaissance aircraft, after the bought Mirage 2000N. Dassault Mirage IV was not sold at export.

An example is from 2000 on exhibit at the Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace, the French aviation and space museum, in Paris–Le Bourget Airport.


Opel Insignia

The Opel Insignia was a car produced by the German carmaker Opel from 2008 to 2022. It is available as a hatchback, saloon or an estate. Like many Opel models, it is sold as a Vauxhall in the United Kingdom. In the North American and Chinese markets it is sold as the Buick Regal since the 2011 model year as a sedan only. The Insignia was originally intended to be the second generation Saturn Aura, but because GM discontinued the Saturn brand it was instead offered to Buick and was marketed as the fifth generation Buick Regal. The model was facelifted in 2013 and as a 2014 model for the Buick. The second generation went go on sale in mid-2017 and a new version of the Buick Regal was revealed as well, it was sold in Australia as the Holden Commodore from early 2018 to 2020 as Australian production of it stopped in October 2017. 

Opel Vivaro

The Opel Vivaro is a van made by the French automaker Renault with partnership from the German automaker Opel since 2001. It is also sold as a Vauxhall in the UK where it is made in its factory in Luton. In 2020, it was made to be a rebadged Citroën Jumpy.

Opel Astra

The Opel Astra is a car produced by the German carmaker Opel since 1991. The name was first used by Vauxhall in 1980. It has been sold in the US under the Saturn (2007-2009) and Buick (2009-2015) brand. Under Saturn it kept its original name, while under Buick it was sold as the Verano.

Opel Meriva

Opel Meriva was a car produced by the German carmaker Opel from 2002 to 2017. It is sold as the Vauxhall Meriva in the United Kingdom. It entered its second generation in 2010. It has rear hinged back doors refered by Opel to as "FlexDoors". In 2017, the Meriva was replaced by a crossover SUV model called the Crossland X. 

Lafayette County, Wisconsin

Lafayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 16,611 people lived there. Its county seat is Darlington.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.16%) is water.



Darlington, Wisconsin

Darlington is a city in Lafayette County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It is the seat of the county. As of the 2010 census, 2,451 people lived there. The city is surrounded by the Town of Darlington.

The first white man’s home in the city of Darlington was a log house. It was owned by Jamison Hamilton in 1836. He laid out the village of Avon, or Centre, in 1847. Darlington was first organized in 1849, For a long time it was known as the town of Centre.

In 1857, the county seat was moved from Shullsburg to Darlington. The courthouse was moved to Darlington in 1861. In 1869, the town of Centre became known as Darlington. The name was changed because Joshua Darling bought the land in 1850.

The streets of the town were named after the wives of the planners and important men of the town. These names include Minerva, Mary, Harriet, Lucy, Louisa, and Cornelia. Minerva was the wife of the first president of the village. Mary was the wife of one of the first businessmen of Darlington. Cornelia was the wife of James M. Keep, one of the original founders of the community. He also helped Joshua Darling in buying the land.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.


Monroe County, Wisconsin

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 46,274 people lived there. Its county seat is Sparta.

The county has a total area of . Of this is land and (0.83%) is water.




Phosphorescence

Phosphorescence is a process in which energy absorbed by a substance is released relatively slowly in the form of light. This is in some cases the mechanism used for "glow-in-the-dark" materials which are "charged" by exposure to light. Unlike the relatively fast reactions in a common fluorescent tube, phosphorescent materials used for these materials absorb the energy and "store" it for a longer time as the processes required to re-emit the light occur less often.

Phosphorescence is a process where the photon is emitted, not from a singlet-excited state, but from a forbidden triplet state. The time scale of emission is generally in the picoseconds to nanosecond range, while phosphorescence typically lasts for fluorescence microseconds, milliseconds, or even longer minutes or hours. Researchers typically use a pulsed source such as a flash lamp or LED to measure phosphorescence spectra and decays on these longer time scales. Phosphorescence measurements use a longer-lived pulsed source, such as a xenon flash lamp. The timing of the flashing lamp can be used to measure spectra at different phosphorescence lifetimes.

PRINCIPLE :-
When a molecule in the ground state (singlet) absorbs UV or visible radiations of the proper frequency, one electron passes into the vacant orbital present at a higher energy level.
If the spin of the promoted electron does not undergo any change and the net spin is still zero. This is called the excited singlet state, while if the promoted electron has a spin parallel to its original partner, then it is called the excited triplet state. When incident light strikes a phosphorescent substance, the molecules absorb energy hv and are excited from the singlet ground state (So) to the singlet excited state (S1). Through intersystem crossing, a singlet excited electron transits to the triplet state by vibrational relaxation. Direct transition from the ground singlet electronic state to the triplet electronic state is impossible because this leads to a change in multiplicity and thus has a low probability of occurring which is a forbidden transition. 
Because the transition from triplet (T1) to singlet (ground state) is also forbidden as the electron spin in the ground state is parallel to the spin in the triplet excited state, the excited molecules stay in the triplet state (T1) for a longer time. This time could be about a few seconds, minutes, or even hours. The electron, then eventually come back down, accompanied by the emission of a photon. This phenomenon is called “phosphorescence“, and can be illustrated in the Jablonski diagram

Sparta, Wisconsin

Sparta is a city in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. It is on the La Crosse River. Sparta is the seat of Monroe County. As of July 2011, 9,602 people lived there.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

Sparta's location gives the area a temperate, continental climate. The warmest month of the year is July. In July, the average high temperature is 85°F (29°C). The average low temperature is 63°F (18°C). January is the coldest month. In January, the high temperatures averages 26°F (-4°C) and the low temperatures is about 6°F (-14°C)



Silverware

Silverware may refer to:

Pepin County, Wisconsin

Pepin County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 7,318 people lived there. Its county seat is Durand.

Laura Ingalls Wilder was born in Pepin County.

Pepin County was formed in 1858 from parts of Dunn County. It was named after the French conquistadors Pierre and Jean Pepin du Chardonnets.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (6.59%) is water. Pepin County is the smallest county in Wisconsin. 




Chikuzen, Fukuoka

The town was established in 2005 by the merger of the towns of Miwa and Yasu in Asakura District.


Durand, Wisconsin

Durand is a city in Pepin County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 1,931 people lived there. Durand is the seat of Pepin County. The city is in the Town of Durand.

Durand was first named Bear Creek. It is on the banks of the Chippewa River about from its confluence with the Mississippi River.

The Durand area was first settled in 1856 by Miles Durand Prindle. Prindle came up the river in a keel boat named the "Dutch Lady." He took government land on the site of the present city. Durand became a city on April 12, 1887.

The "Little House" books by Laura Ingalls Wilder begin here in Pepin County.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Richland County, Wisconsin

Richland County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 17,304 people lived there. Its county seat is Richland Center. 

The county has a total area of . Of this is land and (0.54%) is water.





Richland Center, Wisconsin

Richland Center is a city in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States. It is the county seat of Richland County. As of the 2010 census, 5,184 people lived there.

Richland Center was founded in 1851 by Ira Sherwin Hazeltine. Haseltine offered to give land to the county if Richland Center was voted the county seat. In 1852, the Wisconsin Legislature named Richland Center as the seat for Richland County. The Richland County courthouse was built in 1889.

In 1876, a railroad branch opened to connect Richland Center with the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railroad at Lone Rock, Wisconsin. This gave an outlet for the town's commerce. On October 8, 1882, the town's railway depot was destroyed when a fire lit two kegs of gunpowder inside it. This caused an explosion that tore the roof from the building. Another depot was built in 1909. Today, it is a visitor center for the community.

Frank Lloyd Wright was born at Richland Center in 1867.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Sawyer County, Wisconsin

Sawyer County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 18,074 people lived there. Its county seat is Hayward. 

The county is named for Philetus Sawyer. He was a Representative and Senator for Wisconsin in the 19th century.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (6.95%) is water.





Hayward, Wisconsin

Hayward is a city in Sawyer County, Wisconsin, United States, It is on the Namekagon River. As of the 2010 census, 2,318 people lived there. Hayward is the county seat of Sawyer County. The city is surrounded by the Town of Hayward.

Hayward was named for Anthony Judson Hayward, who built a sawmill there.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

Hayward officially has one sister city:



Sheboygan County, Wisconsin

Sheboygan County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, 118,034 people lived there. Its county seat is Sheboygan. The whole county forms the Sheboygan, Wisconsin, Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (59.59%) is water. A large part of the land in the county is used for farming.




Sheboygan, Wisconsin

Sheboygan is a city in Wisconsin, United States. It is the county seat of Sheboygan County. As of the 2010 census, 49,288 people lived there. It is the main city of the Sheboygan, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city is located on Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Sheboygan River. It is about north of Milwaukee and south of Green Bay.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

Sheboygan was founded in 1846. By 1849, it was known for its German population.

Sheboygan County is well known for its bratwurst. The Sheboygan Jaycees have an annual fund-raising festival called Bratwurst Days. Events include the Johnsonville World Bratwurst Eating Championship.

Sheboygan's sister cities are:




Taylor County, Wisconsin

Taylor County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 19,913 people lived there. Its county seat is Medford.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.98%) is water.



Medford, Wisconsin

Medford is a city in Taylor County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 4,326 people lived there. Memford is the county seat of Taylor County. The city is mostly in the boundaries of the Town of Medford.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water. There are over 4,000 people in the city of Medford.



Washington County, Wisconsin

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 136,761 people lived there. Its county seat is West Bend.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (1.16%) is water.



East China Normal University

East China Normal University or ECNU, is a public research university in Shanghai. It is regarded as one of the most prestigious universities in China and is sponsored by the national programs "" and "".


All Growed Up

All Growed Up was a telefilm and VHS episode of the Nickelodeon animated series "Rugrats". It was made to celebrate the series' 10th anniversary. It was made in July 21, 1999 and aired on July 21, 2001. It is about the Rugrats being 6 years older and going to school in September 1998. The episode led to a spin-off show called "All Grown Up!" which also aired on Nickelodeon. 

Tommy is 9 years old, Dil is 8 years old, Angelica, Susie (Angelica's best friend) and Chuckie (former boyfriend of 18 year old Nicole) a 11 years old, Harold, Phil and Lil and Kimi are 10 years old, and Samantha (who was in Tommy's gang and Chuckie's love interest and Angelica's best friend) is 14 years old in this episode. Singing Emica was voiced by Bets Malone, Singing Tommy was voiced by Stacy Ferguson and Singing Angelica was voiced by Olivia Hack.

The Rugrats Movie

The Rugrats Movie is the first Nickelodeon "Rugrats" movie. It is about Tommy, the main character, getting a new baby brother named Dil. Tommy is jealous because Dil gets the most attention. Tommy and friends try to return Dil to the hospital in their toy Reptar wagon and manage to get lost in the forest.

2013 horse meat scandal

On January 15, 2013, it was announced that horse meat was found in several meat products in England and Ireland. The horse meat was discovered through DNA testing. In most cases, horse meat was used only as a filler, but in the United Kingdom, items labeled as beef were found to have as much as 100% horse meat. Later it was discovered that horse meat was being sold as beef all over Europe, and nearly every meat seller in Europe was affected. So far, no horse meat labeled as beef has been found outside Europe.

Waseda University

Waseda University is a well known university in Japan. The main campus is in Shinjuku, Tokyo. It was founded in 1882. Waseda thirty-six departments: thirteen undergraduate schools and twenty-three graduate schools. As of May 2016, there were 42,860 undergraduate students and 8,269 graduate students. It is called in Japanese.

Ōkuma Shigenobu started this school in 1882. It started with departments of political science and economics, law, and physical science. There was also an English language course where all students could learn English.

Much of the campus was destroyed in the fire bombings of Tokyo during World War II, but the university was rebuilt and reopened by 1949.

Waseda University's main campus is in Nishi-Waseda, Shinjuku. The nearest station is Waseda Station, but nearby Takadanobaba Station on the Yamanote Line is the main access to the university.

Waseda also has other campuses around the country:

This group of five universities in Tokyo started in 2001. Students from these universities may take courses at the other universities in the group. The members are:
Waseda is a member of:

Many famous and influential people have graduated from Waseda including:




Ramsgate

Ramsgate is a seaside town in the district of Thanet in Kent. It has a population of around 40,000. The town relies mainly on tourism and fishing for growth. The town has one of the largest marinas on the English south coast.


Frederick B. Karl

Frederick Brennan Karl (May 14, 1924 – March 7, 2013) was an American politician, writer, and lawyer. He served in the Florida House of Representatives, Florida State Senate, and Florida Supreme Court.

Karl was born on May 14, 1924 in Daytona Beach, Florida. He studied at Seabreeze High School, at the University of Florida, and at Stetson University College of Law.

Karl was married to Faye Brooker Karl from 1948 until their divorce in June of 1971. They had four children. He married Mercedes Jensen Proctor in August of 1971. Karl had suffered heart disease, Parkinson's disease, and diabetes. Karl died on March 7, 2013 from heart disease in his home in Tampa, Florida, aged 88.

Jaime Bayly

Jaime Bayly Letts (born February 19, 1965) is a Peruvian writer and journalist. He is known for hosting his own Spanish host show called "Bayly". He is known for criticizing many politicians throughout the world. He won three Emmy Awards. 

Bayly was born on February 19, 1965 in Lima, Peru. He was raised in Lima and in Florida. He studied at Markham College, at Colegio San Agustín of Lima, and at Pontificia Universidad Católica del Peru. Bayly was married to Sandra Masías from 1993 until they divorced in 1997. He married Silvia Nuñez del Arco in 2011. He now lives in Miami, Florida.


John O. Brennan

John Owen Brennan (born September 22, 1955) is an American politician. He was the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center from August 2004 through August 2005. Then he was United States Homeland Security Advisor from January 2009 through March 2013. He became the director of the Central Intelligence Agency on March 8, 2013.

Brennan was born on September 22, 1955 in North Bergen, New Jersey to an Irish-American family. He studied at Fordham University and at the University of Texas at Austin. Brennan is currently married to Kathy Pokluda. He now lives in Washington, D.C..

 

Vic Sotto

Marvic Castelo Sotto, commonly known as Vic Sotto and Bossing, is a Filipino actor, TV host, comedian, and film producer. He is known for working for "Eat Bulaga!".

He was born on April 28, 1954, to Marcelino Ojeda Sotto and Dr. Herminia Castelo. He went to at Colegio de San Juan de Letran. He is the brother of Marcelino Antonio "Maru" Sotto, Jr., Vicente "Tito" Sotto, and Valmar "Val" Sotto.

In 1982, Sotto, together with co-hosts in "Eat Bulaga!", Richie D Horsie and Joey De Leon, were accused of rape by Pepsi Paloma, a 16-year old actress. The case was not filed in court after the three apologized publicly on national TV.

Sotto has done sitcoms and television shows on the three major networks in the Philippines, ABS-CBN, GMA Network and TV5. He has mostly done shows for GMA Network.

ABS-CBN

ABS-CBN is a television network in the Philippines owned and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation. It is the country's largest and leading television network with an advertising revenues amounted to PHP17.5 billion for 2011. It was launched on 23 October 1953 and is among the first commercial television networks in Asia. Its headquarters is in Quezon City.



James Lindenberg

James Lindenberg (December 20, 1921 – April 28, 2009) is an American entrepreneur. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He is called "The Father of Philippine Television" for founding the Bolinao Electronics Corporation (BEC).

Chikujō, Fukuoka

, also spelled Chikugo, is a Japanese town in Fukuoka Prefecture on the island of Kyushu.
The Kyushu National Agricultural Experiment Station is at Chikujo.


The Price is Right (Australian game show)

The Price is Right was an Australian television game show. It aired in various forms from 1981 to 2012. It was based on the American game show of the same name.

Like the American version, people used their shopping skills to correctly guess the price of products. Some products were household items such as toothpaste. Others were expensive prizes such as trips and cars. Unique to the Australian version were two elements:

Starting in 2004, the Showcase was sometimes known as the "Mega Showcase." The showcase would be worth between $500,000 and $600,000. Before the price of the last prize was shown, the player would be offered a cash value of $1,000-$50,000 to quit if they wanted to. On 3 March 2005, a $664,667 showcase was won. At the time, this was the biggest win in the history of the "The Price is Right" franchise.

The show began as "The New Price is Right" in 1981, where it was hosted by Ian Turpie. He hosted from 1981 to 1986, and again when the show was revived in 1989. From 1981 to 1986, the show aired on Seven Network. When it came back in 1989, it aired on Network Ten. When the show came back in 1993, Larry Edmur became the host. He hosted three versions from 1993 to 2012. The first two versions, one from 1993 to 1998 and the second from 2003 to 2005, aired on Nine Network. The most recent version aired in 2012 on Seven Network.

Centro Escolar University

Centro Escolar University is a private university in the Philippines.

Valenzuela, Philippines

Valenzuela is a city in the Philippines. It is made up of 33 barangays.

Stephen Hillenburg

Stephen Hillenburg (August 21, 1961 – November 26, 2018) was an American marine biologist, animator, writer, producer, actor, voice actor, and director. He was best known for creating the Nickelodeon animated series "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Hillenburg was born in Lawton, Oklahoma at a United States Army base. He was raised in Anaheim, California. He studied at Humboldt State University where he majored in marine biology and minored in arts. Hillenburg was inspired by Jacques Cousteau and Max Fleischer. Hillenburg had a wife named Karen Umland (now named Karen Hillenburg), which he married till his death.

In March 2017, he was diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) which is a terminal illness that affects the nervous system. Hillenburg died from heart failure as a complication of the disease on November 26, 2018 in San Marino, California at the age of 57. He is still credited as an executive producer after his death.

Animation director

An animation director is the director of an animated film responsible particularly in the aspects of the animation process during the production.

Late Show with David Letterman

Late Show with David Letterman was an American late-night talk show. It was hosted by David Letterman. It was on CBS. The show was on the air from August 30, 1993 until May 20, 2015. The show has won many Emmy Awards and TCA Awards.

The band of the show, known as the "CBS Orchestra," was led by Paul Shaffer, who before joining the "Late Show" was on the TV show "Saturday Night Live". The announcer was Bill Wendell from 1993 until he retired in 1995. Alan Kalter started announcing in 1995 and did so until the show ended. The show has had many guests including political figures, athletes, writers, actors, directors/producers, and singers.

There were many well-known episodes such when President Barack Obama was interviewed. Madonna cursed many times during an interview on the show. That episode was one of the most censored episodes in American television history. During David Letterman's birthday, actress Drew Barrymore jumped on Letterman's desk and showed him her breasts.

On April 3, 2014, Letterman announced that he would leave the show in 2015. The last episode of the show aired on May 20, 2015. "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" came after this, with Stephen Colbert as host. That show's first episode was on September 8, 2015.


Dan Povenmire

Daniel Kingsley “Dan” Povenmire (born September 18, 1963) is an American TV director, writer, TV producer, storyboard artist and actor. He is best known as the co-creator of the Disney animated series "Phineas and Ferb". Povenmire also co-created the spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law and created its spin-off Hamster and Gretel.

In 2022, Povenmire and his wife Clarisse had a divorce.


Paul Shaffer

Paul Allen Wood Shaffer (born November 28, 1949) is a Canadian-American musician, actor, author, composer, entertainer, and comedian. He is known being the composer for the CBS Orchestra and being the sidekick of David Letterman on the "Late Show with David Letterman".

Shaffer was born on November 28, 1949 in Toronto, and raised in Fort William (now part of Thunder Bay), Ontario, Canada, to a Jewish family. He studied at the University of Toronto. Shaffer married Cathy Vasapoli in 1990. They have two children. He now lives in New York City, New York.


Daylily

Daylily is the common name of a Hemerocallis. Daylily flowers can have different colors and shapes. The flowers are popular around gardener groups because they are easy to grow and can be easily mutated.
The name Hemerocallis comes from the Greek words ἡμέρα (hēmera) "day" and καλός (kalos) "beautiful". The name suggest that this flower will bloom only for one day, as in "H. fulva", also called ditch lily.
The flowers of some daylilies can be eaten and are used in the Chinese kitchen. They are sold in Asian markets as gum jum or golden needles (金针 in Chinese; pinyin: jīnzhēn) or yellow flower vegetables (黃花菜 in Chinese; pinyin: huánghuācài).

General contractor

A general contractor is usually a person working on construction sites, management of venues, and communication and information.
The general contractor is employed by the company who pays him for completed work.
In UK and countries of commonwealth term Contractor is used to call any person that work for company on fixed term contract rather than regular employment. Advantages of such form of employment is better pay and flexibility for contractor and no employment protection which allows company to terminate contract immediately.

Personal injury lawyer

A personal injury lawyer is a lawyer who provides services to people that claim to have been injured, badly treated or exposed to unnecessary danger by another person, company or organization, and want to get compensation for the injuries that they suffered as a result. Injury may be to a person's body, mental health, property, or reputation. The lawyer may have special knowledge of health, work and safety laws that relate to the injured person's claim.

This type of claim is a civil legal matter, a type of tort involving a dispute between two or more people. The lawyerwill represent the client by trying to negotiate a settlement of the injury claim, through which an agreed amount of compensation is given to the injured party to resolve their claim.

The lawyer may file a lawsuit on behalf of the injured person. If the case does not settle after a lawsuit is filed, the injury claim will be decided by a court. If the court finds that the injured person suffered a wrongful injury, the court may order the person who caused the injury to pay compensation.

Each country has its own rules and exams that you need to pass to be allowed to work as a lawyer.

Maryland Heights, Missouri

Maryland Heights is a city in the eastern part of the state of Missouri. It is west of St. Louis. The city was officially incorporated in 1985.

Chinua Achebe

Chinua Achebe (born Albert Chinụalụmọgụ Achebe, 16 November 1930 – 22 March 2013) was a Nigerian novelist, poet, professor, and critic. He was best known for writing the novel "Things Fall Apart" which was first printed in 1958. It is the most widely read book in modern African literature. Achebe went to Nigeria's first university, University College. Achebe wrote his first short story, "In a Village Church," at university.

Achebe was an Igbo man. The Igbo are one of the biggest tribes in Nigeria. His parents were Christians. They gave him the English name Albert. His full Igbo name is "Chinualumogu," which means "may God fight on my behalf."

Achebe went to University College in Ibadan to study medicine on a scholarship, but then decided to study English, history, and theology after reading a book written by a white man that made Nigerians and Africans look bad. He wanted to tell the world stories that did not make Africans look bad. Because he switched his field of study, he lost his scholarship.

Achebe's writing style is based on how the Igbo tell stories orally (by word of mouth). The Igbo did not write down their stories before Europeans came to Africa. His stories use a lot of folk tales, songs, and proverbs. The characters in his book also make long speeches.

Many other African writers criticized Achebe for writing in English instead of in an African language. They said that by using the colonizer's language, he was spreading neo-colonial ideas that were preventing progress in Africa.

Achebe said that writing in English let everyone in Nigeria read in one language. Before colonization, the different tribes spoke different languages. He also said that writing in English allowed for people in other countries read his stories. However, he says that there are many African concepts and words that cannot be fully expressed in English.

Achebe wrote in English but used it in ways that reflected an African style.

His themes were about the African culture and how harmonious they are

In his writing, Achebe talks about African culture and the effects of European colonization on African societies. 

Achebe's stories also talk about gender roles.

Achebe has influenced many other modern African writers. He got a lot of awards for his stories. Even to this day, people still talk about him and the stories he wrote.

Birthday cake

The birthday cake is part of birthday celebrations in European countries since 19th century. 

The tradition of adding candles to the top of a birthday cake spread widely among rich people in Germany during the 15th century. Ηowever, the actual concept of a round cake and 'making a wish' that we now associate to birthdays goes back to Ancient Greece. These ancient predecessors of the modern birthday cakes served as offerings to Artemis, Greek goddess of the moon and of hunting, Artemis. They were meant to carry the wishes of the people into the temple. The roundness of the cakes symbolized the shape of the moon itself. It is suggested that the cakes were decorated with lit candles in order to make them glow like the moon. 

This was later adapted and took different forms and formed as the basis for our birthday cakes tradition today. There have also been reports of some forms of birthday cakes and such celebrating linked to the ancient Rome.

Often good wishes are written on the cake using sugar or chocolate. Since long times birthday cakes were a sign of wealth, but in the 20th century they became easily accessible to most people. Around the world many types of the birthday cake are used often looking more like candies and combined sweets. Before the cake is eaten, the person whose birthday it is should make a wish, blow out the candles in one try - this would guarantee that the wish will come true.

Miscegenation

Miscegenation () is the mixing of different racial groups with marriage, relationship, sexual relations, and procreation.
The word "miscegenation" has been used since the 19th century. It is often the name given to describe interracial marriage, interracial dating and interracial sex. In the past, it has been used to describe the study of human race mixtures. 

Today, the use of the phrase is considered outdated and offensive.

Tagalog Wikipedia

The Tagalog Wikipedia is the Tagalog version of the online encyclopedia, Wikipedia. It was started on December 1, 2003. In 2011, it had reached over 50,000 articles.

It is 68th largest edition by article count.

It has over 51,000 articles and is the as of May 31, 2011.


WikiPilipinas

WikiPilipinas was an online, free content website. It is a combination "non-academic encyclopedia", web portal, directory and almanac for Philippine-based knowledge. It mostly contains various articles on Philippine-related topics. It was known before as Wikipiniana.


Almanac

An almanac is a type of reference that is published yearly. It includes information about weather forecasts, farmers' planting dates and tide tables. Information about astronomy are also found in almanacs, such as the times of the rising and setting of the sun and moon, eclipses, hours of full tide, stated festivals of churches, terms of courts, lists of all types, timelines, sports, and more. It can also be used to tell time, and is pocket sized. The first almanac was invented in 1457.

Isurus

Isurus, commonly known as the mako sharks, is a genus of fast-swimming sharks in the family Lamnidae. They are in fact the fastest-swimming shark. This is in the same family as the great white shark. "Isurus" ranges in length from , and can grow to about . The genus has a long fossil history.

There are two living species in this genus: the common shortfin mako shark and the rare longfin mako shark. 

The shortfin mako shark, as the name suggests, has smaller pectoral fins to the Longfin mako shark. The shortfin mako shark also has smaller eyes. It is smaller than the Longfin mako shark, reaching a maximum length of 3.8 metres, but weighs more, with the heaviest shortfin mako shark found weighing 506 kg (1116 pounds). 

The shortfin mako has a wide distribution, being found in tropical and temperate waters throughout the world's oceans. It is a true pelagic species, but it inhabits the cooler, deeper water of tropical regions. The shortfin mako shark has been recorded at depths of up to 740 metres. 

The shortfin mako is the fastest species of shark known, reaching speeds of up to 32 km/h (20 mph), and with bursts of up to . Its great speed helps it to capture other fast swimming animals on which it preys. The shortfin mako shark feeds on pelagic fish such as swordfish, tunas, and other sharks, as well as squid. The shortfin mako holds the record for the longest distance travel: about in 37 days. This is an average of about per day. 

Shortfin mako often leap in sets of three. The third leap is usually the highest. It can reach as high as above the surface. This high-leaping fish is a highly sought-after game fish worldwide. There are cases when an angry shortfin jumped into a boat after it was hooked.

The longfin mako shark has longer pectoral fins and larger eyes than the shortfin shark. It is longer than the shortfin, reaching a maximum length of 4.2 metres. However, it weighs less than the shortfin, weighing up to only 70 kg (154 pounds).

The longfin mako is a pelagic species, and is found in the Indian, Pacific, and Atlantic Ocean. It is common in the western Atlantic and central Pacific, but elsewhere it is rare. It is thought to be a bottom-dwelling shark, living in tropical and warm temperate waters, but this is uncertain.

Not a lot is known about the Longfin mako shark's feeding habits, but it is thought to feed on schooling fish and pelagic cephalopods. 

Ryan Gosling

Ryan Thomas Gosling (born November 12, 1980) is a Canadian actor, director, musician 
, singer and writer. He is known for his roles in "The Notebook", in "Half Nelson", "The Big Short", "La La Land", "Blade Runner 2049" and "Barbie". For his role in "La La Land", he won a Golden Globe Award.

Gosling was born on November 12, 1980 in London, Ontario, Canada. He studied at Cornwall Collegiate, at the Vocational School, and at the Lester B. Pearson High School. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.

Pilbara

The Pilbara is a large, thinly populated region in the north of Western Australia. In 2010, the region had a population of about 48,600.

Pilbara is known for Aboriginal peoples, its stunning landscapes, its red earth and its vast mineral deposits, in particular iron ore. It is a dry region, but it has cyclones every year or two. The cyclones bring a great deal of rain when they do occur.

The area is known for its petroleum, natural gas and iron ore deposits, which make up much of the economy of Western Australia. Other than mining, pastoral activities as well as fishing and tourism are the main industries.

The Pilbara covers an area of . It includes some of Earth's oldest rock formations in the Pilbara craton. This is one of the world's oldest undisturbed rock formations, dating back to the Archaean eon. It includes landscapes of coastal plains and mountain ranges with cliffs and gorges. The major settlements of the region are Port Hedland, Karratha and Newman.

The Pilbara includes the two of the largest national parks in Australia:

2000 UEFA Cup semi-final violence

The 2000 UEFA Cup semi-final violence was a number of fights in Istanbul, Turkey between fans of English football team Leeds United and Turkish team, Galatasaray before their UEFA Cup semi-final first leg. It is noted for the deaths of two Leeds fans. 

The events happened at 21:00 in Istanbul's Taksim Square during a fight between Leeds fans and Galatasaray fans the day before their UEFA Cup semi-final first leg at Galatasaray's Ali Sami Yen Stadium in Istanbul on 6 April 2000.

Leeds fans had been reportedly taunting people from local bars, to which the Turkish police were called in to stop fights breaking out. There were reports that a Galatasaray fan had run to a nearby phone box to call for help when he saw Leeds fans coming into the area. A large number of Galatasaray fans, reportedly part of a gang called "The Night Watchmen", entered the area soon after which led to a fight between the two sets of fans which led to the two Leeds fans being stabbed. Police arrested Ali Umit Demir and three other men for the stabbings. 

It was not clear how the fight started with reports of the fight either being started by Leeds fans throwing beer glasses at Galatasaray fans and being rude about the Turkish flag or being started by Galatasaray fans throwing chairs or attacking Leeds fans with knives.

Louis Theroux

Louis Sebastian Theroux (born 20 May 1970) is an English-American broadcaster. He is best known for his investigative series such as When Louis Met, Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends, Louis Theroux's BBC Two Specials.

Theroux was born in Singapore and is a dual citizen. He moved to London when he was a year old. He was educated at Westminster School and Magdalen College, Oxford where he gained a degree in history. In 2013, he moved to Los Angeles. Theroux's mother is British; his father is American writer Paul Theroux.

He is an atheist.

Barangay

A barangay is a local term for an administrative division in the Philippines. It is the smallest administrative division in the Philippines. As of 2011, it is recorded that there are a total of 42,026 barangays throughout the Philippines. 

Malagasy ariary

The ariary (Ar; ISO 4217 code MGA) is the currency of Madagascar. It is equal to 5 "iraimbilanja". The ariary is one of only two non-decimal currencies currently being used. The other is the Mauritanian ouguiya.

The names ariary and iraimbilanja come from earlier currency. Ariary was the name for a silver dollar. Iraimbilanja means "one iron weight". It was the name of an old coin worth ⅕ of an ariary.

The ariary was first used in 1961. It was equal to 5 Malagasy francs. Coins and banknotes were printed in both francs and ariary. The sub-unit of the ariary, the "iraimbilanja", was worth ⅕ of an ariary. Because of this, it was equal to one franc. The ariary replaced the franc as the official currency of Madagascar on January 1, 2005.

Manila Bulletin

The Manila Bulletin is a broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. It is the largest newspaper by circulation in the Philippines. It was founded in 1900 as a shipping journal and it is also the second-oldest Philippine newspaper, following "The Manila Times". It was previously known as "Manila Daily Bulletin" and as the "Bulletin Today". 


Broadsheet

A broadsheet is a format of a newspaper. It is characterized by long vertical pages measuring 22 inches / 560 millimetres or more. The term "broadsheet" was derived from types of popular prints usually just of a single sheet, sold on the streets and containing various types of material, from ballads to political satire.

The Manila Times

The Manila Times is a broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. It is the oldest Philippine newspaper company that was founded on 1898.


Sigma Team

Sigma Team is a Russian video game company. It was founded in the year 2003. The headquarters of the company is in Novosibirsk and its office will be in . Their first game, "Alien Shooter" was an arcade game with RPG elements.



Henri Bergson

Henri-Louis Bergson (18 October 1859 - 4 January 1941), was a French philosopher.

Bergson convinced many thinkers that the processes of immediate experience and intuition are more significant than abstract rationalism and science for understanding reality.
He was born on the Rue Lamartine in Paris, France. His mother, Katherine Levison, was of English and Irish Jewish descent. His father, the pianist Michał Bergson, was of Polish Jewish descent. 

His early childhood was spent mostly in London after his birth. He learned the English language from his mother. He returned to Paris when he was nine years old, and became a naturalized French citizen.
He attended the "Lycée Fontanes" in Paris from 1868 to 1878. There he was given the 1877 prize for school mathematics, for the solution of a mathematical problem. When he was nineteen, he studied at École Normale Supérieure (ENS). He read many philosophy books, especially Herbert Spencer.

He was given the 1927 Nobel Prize in Literature.

In 4 January 1941, Bergson died in occupied Paris from bronchitis.



Lee Radziwill

Caroline Lee Radziwiłł (née Bouvier'; March 3, 1933 – February 15, 2019) was an American socialite. She was the younger sister of former US First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.

Radziwill was born Caroline Lee Bouvier at Doctors Hospital in New York, New She was the second daughter of wealthy stockbroker John Vernou Bouvier III and Janet Norton Lee. Her older sister was Jacqueline Lee Bouvier (1929-1994), future First Lady of the United States. She also had a step-sister and a step-brother, Janet (1945-1985) and James Auchincloss (b. 1947). They were the children of her mother by her second husband Hugh D. Auchincloss.

She has been known as "Lee" since childhood. Like her older sister, she was educated at selective schools for high society girls. She graduated from Miss Porter's in 1951.

Radziwill married three times. Her first husband was Michael Canfield, a publishing executive. They married on April 18, 1953, and moved to London, England. They divorced in 1958. She married Prince Stanislas Radziwill on March 19, 1959. They had two children; Anthony (1959-1999) and Christina (b. 1960). They divorced in 1974. She then moved back to the United States, where she married film director Herbert Ross, on September 23, 1988. They divorced in 2001 shortly before Ross's death.

In March 1962, Radziwill went with her sister Jacqueline Kennedy, then First Lady, on a goodwill tour of India and Pakistan.

In the 1960s, Radziwill tried a career as an actress. She was unsuccessful. She later tried interior decoration with some success.

Her son Anthony died of cancer in August 1999, one month after the death in a plane crash of her nephew John F. Kennedy Jr..

She lived in Paris, France. Radziwill died on February 15, 2019 in New York City, aged 85.

NH Industries NH90

The NH90 is a European military helicopter. It is built by NH Industries, a company of four countries (France, Germany, Italy, and Netherlands). It is a stealth technology helicopter. It can do transport. It can also attack submarines with torpedoes.

In France it is called "Caïman" (in English Caiman) by the French Army and French Navy. The Italian Navy call it "SH-90". It first flew in December 1995.


The Chase (British game show)

The Chase is a British television game show that airs on ITV. It started on 29 June 2009. It is presented by Bradley Walsh. So far, it has run for thirteen series.

Four players work together as a team. At the start, each player takes a turn in answering as many questions as they can in 60 seconds. Each correct answer is worth £1,000. This money goes into the player's bank. After all four players have their turn, they then take turns going against the "Chaser."

At the start, the player's money goes on a sloped board. The board has seven spaces. The player starts three spaces ahead of the Chaser. The Chaser then offers two amounts: one higher than their bank, and one lower than their bank. For example, if the player won £6,000, the Chaser might offer £12,000 as the high amount and £3,000 as the low amount. If the player takes the high amount, their head start is lowered to two spaces. If they take the low amount, their head start is increased to four spaces.

After the player decides on what to do, the player and the Chaser are both asked the same multiple-choice question. They both lock in their answers at the same time. If one answers and the other does not do so at the same time, a five-second time limit is given for the one that did not answer. If the player answers correctly, they move one space closer to the bottom of the board. If the Chaser answers correctly, they move one space closer to "catching" the player. If an incorrect answer is given by either, they stay where they are on the board.

If the player reaches the end of the board, their amount is added to the team bank. However, if the Chaser catches the player, the player is out of the game, and their bank is lost. This is done three more times with the other three players. The players still in the game move on to the Final Chase. If all four players are caught, their bank is set to £4,000, and they must choose one player to play the Final Chase.

The player(s) still in the game face the Chaser to win their prize money. They start with a one-step head start for each player in the Final Chase. They then have two minutes to answer as many questions as they can. Each correct answer gives them another step. After their time ends, the Chaser is given two minutes to catch the player(s). If the Chaser does not catch them, the player(s) win their prize money. If the Chaser does catch them, the player(s) leave with nothing.

In the celebrity version, the format is exactly the same but the celebrities are competing for charity money. Even if the Chaser wins, they are each given £1000 for their charity.

In the celebrity version, the format is exactly the same but the celebrities are competing for charity money. Even if the Chaser wins, they are each given £1000 for their charity.

This version gives a player an opportunity to face all of the Chasers at once in a cash-builder round.

Each Chaser is given their own nickname for dramatic purposes:


Albert Sabin

Albert Bruce Sabin (August 26, 1906 – March 3, 1993) was a Polish-born American medical researcher best known for having developed an oral polio vaccine. He received many awards and honors including the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Sabin was born Albert Saperstein on August 26, 1906 in Białystok, Russian Empire (now Poland). He was of Jewish descent. He was raised in New York City, New York and in Paterson, New Jersey. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1930 and changed his last name to Sabin. Sabin studied at Paterson High School and at New York University. 

He was married to Sylvia Tregillus from 1935 until her death in 1966. Then he was married to Jane Warner from 1967 until they divorced in 1971. Then he was married to Heloisa Dunshee de Abranches from 1972 until his death in 1993. He had two daughters with Tregillus.

Sabin died on March 3, 1993 in his home in Washington, D.C. from heart failure, aged 86. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia.



Dragons' Den

Dragons' Den is a reality television series that has aired in over 20 countries. The show originated in Japan as "Manē no Tora" ("Tiger of Money"), first airing in 2001. It has aired in countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. Small companies and investors pitch their ideas to a group of investors known as the "dragons" in exchange for a percentage of their company and the rights to their product. They also have an amount of money they want to get from the dragons. If they do not get at least the amount they are looking for, they get nothing. In the United States, the show is known as "Shark Tank", and the investors are known as the "sharks." The format is owned by Sony Pictures Television International.

In the British version the dragons are Touker Suleyman, Deborah Meaden, Sara Davies and Peter Jones. The programme has been produced by BBC Manchester since its inception and was first broadcast on BBC Two on 4 January 2005, and since 2021, it has been broadcast on BBC One.

Division of West Sydney

The Division of West Sydney was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. The division was one of the original 75 divisions created in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1968. It covered the inner western suburbs of Sydney, and at various times included the suburbs of Pyrmont, Darling Harbour, Surry Hills, Balmain and Glebe.

It was the first of four seats to be held by Billy Hughes, the 11th Prime Minister of Australia and the longest-serving member of the Australian Parliament. It was also held by T. J. Ryan, a former Premier of Queensland.

Patmos

Patmos is a Greek island in the Aegean Sea. There are about 3000 people living there. It is famous for being the place where Saint John wrote the Book of Revelation.

Philippine Daily Inquirer

The Philippine Daily Inquirer, commonly known as the Inquirer, is a broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. Its headquarters is in Makati City. It was founded in December 9, 1985. 


Makati

Makati, officially known as the City of Makati ( ; ), in the Philippines, is one of the sixteen cities that make up Metro Manila. Makati is the financial center of the Philippines. As the host of various embassies, it is also an important center for international affairs.

With 529,039 people, Makati is the 16th-largest city in the country and ranked as the 41st most densely populated city in the world with 19,336 inhabitants per square kilometer.

Makati became the financial center of the Philippines during the 1960s. It is home to the Philippine Stock Exchange and the Makati Business Club.

Makati is notable for its exceptionally multicultural lifestyle, as a significant center for intercontinental matters and for its reputation as a major entertainment center in the metropolis.
The city is also known for its cosmopolitan culture because of its major shopping centers, condominiums, financial hubs, hotels, and entertainment hubs, which are located around the city.

Makati first became as the financial center of the Philippines during the 1960s. The Philippine Stock Exchange and the Makati Business Club are there.

Makati has divided into 33 barangays.

John C. Frémont

John Charles Frémont or Fremont (January 21, 1813 – July 13, 1890) was an American military officer, and explorer. He was the first candidate of the anti-slavery Republican Party for the office of President of the United States in 1856.

Frémont was born on January 21, 1813 in Savannah, Georgia. He studied at the College of Charleston. Frémont was married to Jessie Benton from 1841 until his death in 1890. They had no children. Frémont died on July 13, 1890 in his home in New York City from peritonitis, aged 77.


The Philippine Star

The Philippine Star is a daily broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. It was established on July 28, 1986 and is owned and published by PhilSTAR Daily, Inc. by veteran journalists Max Soliven, Betty Go-Belmonte and Art Borjal in the wake of the EDSA People Power Revolution.

Cartoon series

A cartoon series is a set of animated television programs (cartoons). Episodes are played regularly, and each series will have its own title.

Charles Sumner

Charles Sumner (January 6, 1811 – March 11, 1874) was an American politician, and lawyer. He was senator from Massachusetts from April 24, 1851 until his death.

Sumner was the leader of the antislavery forces in Massachusetts. He was a leader of the Radical Republicans in the United States Senate during the American Civil War. He worked to destroy the Confederacy, free all the slaves and keep on good terms with Europe. During Reconstruction, he fought to minimize the power of the ex-Confederates and guarantee equal rights to the Freedmen.

In 1856 Sumner made a speech against slavery and the Kansas–Nebraska Act. Sumner attacked many senators about bleeding Kansas and slavery including Senator Stephen A. Douglas and South Carolina's Andrew Butler. The Representative from South Carolina, Preston Brooks (Andrew Butler's nephew), became angry because he attacked his uncle. Brooks grabbed his cane and knocked Sumner onto the Senate floor. Sumner had to stop his political career until he recovered two years later.

Sumner was born on January 6, 1811 in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at Boston Latin School and at Harvard College. Sumner was married to Alice Hopper from 1866 until they divorced in 1873. They had no children. Sumner died on March 11, 1874 in Washington, D.C. from a heart attack, aged 63.


Epifanio de los Santos Avenue

The Epifanio de los Santos Avenue, commonly abbreviated as EDSA, is a freeway in the Philippines. The avenue serves the National Capital Region, or the Metropolitan Manila, passing through 6 of the 17 settlements in the region, namely, the cities of Caloocan, Quezon City, Mandaluyong, San Juan City, Makati and Pasay. It is the longest highway in the area that measures about 23.8 kilometres (14.8 mi). 

BusinessWorld

BusinessWorld is a newspaper in the Philippines that is about business. It was established on February 27, 1967 as "BusinessDay". Its headquarters is in Quezon City

Cebuano Wikipedia

The Cebuano Wikipedia () is the Cebuano-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started on June 22, 2005. Cebuano is the second most spoken language in the Philippines. As of 2024 it has about articles, most of which are created by Lsjbot. This makes it the second-largest language edition of Wikipedia, and the largest Philippine-based language on Wikipedia.


The Call

The Call is a 2013 mystery drama thriller movie focusing on a 911 operator who gets called into rescuing a kidnapped child. Halle Berry plays the operator and Abigail Breslin plays the abducted teenager.

Coefficient of friction

A coefficient of friction is a value that shows the relationship between two objects and the normal reaction between the objects that are involved. It is a value that is sometimes used in physics to find an object's normal force or frictional force when other methods are unavailable.

The coefficient of friction is shown by formula_1 . In that equation, formula_2 is the frictional force, formula_3 is the coefficient of friction, and formula_4 is the normal force.

The coefficient formula_5 can be two different things. It is either the coefficient of static friction formula_6, or the coefficient of Dynamic friction formula_7.The coefficient of static friction is the friction force between two objects when neither of the objects is moving. The coefficient of dynamic friction is the force between two objects when one object is moving, or if two objects are moving against one another.

The coefficient of friction is dimensionless and it does not have any unit. It is a scalar, meaning the direction of the force does not affect the physical quantity.

The coefficient of friction depends on the objects that are causing friction. The value is usually between 0 and 1 but can be greater than 1. A value of 0 means there is no friction at all between the objects; such is possible with Superfluidity. All objects, otherwise, will have some friction when they touch each other. A value of 1 means the frictional force is equal to the normal force. It is a misconception that the coefficient of friction is limited to values between zero and one. A coefficient of friction that is more than one just means that the frictional force is stronger than the normal force. An object such as , for example, can have a coefficient of friction much greater than one.

The friction force is the force exerted by a surface when an object moves across it - or makes an effort to move across it.

The frictional force or force of friction (static or kinetic) can be expressed as

formula_8 (1)

where

formula_2 is the frictional force (in Newtons),

formula_5 is the static (formula_6) or kinetic (formula_7) frictional coefficient (dimensionless) and

formula_13 is the normal force (in Newtons). 

It could also be known as a friction. It is represented as (f).


Admission (movie)

Admission is an American romantic comedy-drama movie about life in college. It was released in 2013. Tina Fey acts as Portia and Lily Tomlin acts as Susannah in this movie.


New General Catalogue

The New General Catalogue of Nebulae and Clusters of Stars<ref name="The NGC/IC Project"></ref> is a list of stars, nebulae and galaxies. It is abbreviated NGC, and is sometimes called just New General Catalogue. It has 7,840 objects on it. These objects are called "NGC objects". It was created by John Louis Emil Dreyer in 1888. Like the older, smaller Messier catalog, it is a famous deep-sky catalogue for amateur astronomy.
Most of observations were rewarded by William Herschel and his son, and expanded by the known catalogue Index Catalogues I and II, adding about 5000 new objects.
South Hemisphere objects are less studied than North Hemisphere objects, observed by John Herschel. The "New General Catalogue" had some mistakes, that were corrected in a special revised edition: RNGC

It's a copy of NGC objects using J2000.0 coordenates created in 1988

Pahari

Pahari may refer to:


Junkers Ju 87

The Junkers Ju 87 or Ju 87 was a German light bomber of World War II. It was used as a dive bomber. Its crew was a pilot with a navigator/radio operator behind him. He also handled the rear machine gun. The Ju 87 could drop 500 kg of bombs. Some Ju-87 were modified as attack aircraft against tanks. More than 6500 were made.

It's universally known as "Stuka", an abbreviation of "", German for dive bomber.

The plane was designed by Hermann Pohlmann. It has first flight 17 September 1935. The first time it was used in battle was 1936 during the Spanish Civil War. Junkers Ju 87 attacked Guernica.

In World War II, Ju-87 were used for bombing against Poland, and later against Belgium, Netherlands, France, and Greece. Early in the Battle of Britain Junkers Ju87 were used to attack Dover, Folkestone and other harbours of the Channel.

Many Ju-87 were used in the Soviet Union against Soviet troops. In the Battle of Stalingrad, they were used to bomb the town.

The Ju-87 B-2 variation had several improvements. Early in the war this aircraft became famous for its "Jericho's Trumpets," or more simply "Stuka Siren," a device with propellers fixed to the front landing struts that spun causing a loud and strange sound, used to panic people. It was removed when enemy forces became accustomed to it. 



Reye's syndrome

Reye syndrome (also called Reye's syndrome) is an extremely rare though incredibly serious condition that is sometimes fatal. This condition affects primarily the brain and the liver in the body. Aspirin may cause Reye syndrome in teenagers and young adults. The symptoms include but are not limited to vomiting and other problems.

Main Page/Sandbox

<templatestyles src="Wikipedia:Main Page/styles.css" />

__NOEDITSECTION__
Amresh Chandra Satapathy is an Indian -American scientist cum Author working for World science. He is also the first IAS physics author in India from the field of science.
Huarache

Huarache shoes are Mexican sandals that are made with leather. They date back to the late 1920s. Huaraches come in many shapes and sizes. They are usually worn during late spring or the summer in many countries.

Pope Gregory VIII

Pope Gregory VIII (; c.1100 – 17 December 1187), born Alberto di Morra, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 174th Pope from 25 October 1073 until he died in 1085.

Alberto di Morra was born in Benvenuo, Italy.

Pope Adrian IV made him a Cardinal in 1155. 

He was one of two men sent to England by Pope Alexander III after the murder of St. Thomas a Becket. 
Cardinal Morra was elected pope on 11 October 1187. and he chose to be called Gregory VIII. 



University of Birmingham

The University of Birmingham (or Birmingham University) is a British red brick university in the city of Birmingham, England. It is based in the suburb of Edgbaston. It got its royal charter in 1900, and included the Birmingham Medical School (founded 1825) and Mason Science College (1875). 

Birmingham was the first redbrick university to get university status. It is a member of the Russell Group of research universities and a founding member of Universitas 21. Birmingham is one of the 12 institutions in England with highest entry requirements.

The student population includes around 19,000 undergraduate and 9,000 postgraduate students, making the 11th largest in the UK. As of 2011 it is the seventh most popular English university by number of applications. 

In 2010 Birmingham was ranked as the 10th most popular British university by graduate employers. The annual income of the institution for 2010-11 was £470.7 million, with an expenditure of £443.7 million. Birmingham has the ninth largest financial endowment of any British university at approximately £85 million in 2009.

Birmingham is ranked nationally between 10th and 23rd. Internationally it is 99th in the 2010 rankings, and 67th in the 2011 rankings. The "Sunday Times" composite ranking put the university 19th from 1998 to 2007. Birmingham was ranked 12th in the 2008 research assessment.

Donkey Kong Land 2

Donkey Kong Land 2 is a Game Boy video game that is a part of the "Donkey Kong" video game series. This game was released in 1996 by Nintendo and was developed by Rare, Ltd.. There is a predecessor to this game named "Donkey Kong Land" and a sequel called "Donkey Kong Land III".

The plot is similar to "<nowiki>'</nowiki>"s plot. It has King K. Rool once again kidnapping Donkey Kong, who can only be freed if Diddy Kong gives the bananas from the Banana Hoard to K. Rool.

This game has seven total worlds in the game, as opposed to eight in "Donkey Kong Country 2". The second and third worlds (Crocodile Cauldron and Krem Quay) of "Donkey Kong Country 2" have been merged into Krem Cauldron, possibly to save memory on the game's cartridge. Like "Donkey Kong Country 2", there is a Lost World which can be unlocked if Diddy and Dixie pay Klubba fifteen Kremkoins to a level per world. The worlds include:


Wild Things

Wild Things is a 1998 American erotic crime drama mystery movie. It is set in Miami, Florida. It stars Kevin Bacon, Matt Dillon, Denise Richards, Neve Campbell and Bill Murray.

Invader Zim

Invader Zim, branded as Invader ZIM, is an American animated television series. The series was a science fiction black comedy. It was broadcast by Nickelodeon. The series premiered on March 30, 2001. It ended on August 19, 2006. The series has high cost to make and it was made for children. Nickelodeon cancelled the series on January 17, 2002. This was before the second season was finished. The rest of the completed episodes were made available on DVD on October 12, 2004.

The series is about the eponymous alien from the planet Irk. The aliens that live on that planet participate in an event called "Operation Impending Doom 2". After failing the event, Zim is determined to prove himself to his leader. He plans to do this by conquering Earth. However, they only sent him to the planet as a "secret mission" to get rid of him.

The Keg

The Keg () is a Canadian steakhouse chain of restaurants. It has restaurants in both Canada and the United States.

It was started by George Tidball in North Vancouver, British Columbia in 1971. The chain is currently owned by David Aisenstat and is operating in every province in Canada except Prince Edward Island. It is also operating in Phoenix, Tucson, Dallas/Fort Worth, Denver, and Seattle.


Nintendo VS. System

The Nintendo Vs. System is a series of arcade ports of Nintendo Entertainment System home video games made by Nintendo. It was released in the late 1980s. The games are designed for two-player multiplayer. Some of the games were different from their NES versions. For example, "Vs. Super Mario Bros." was more difficult, having levels from the Japanese "" along with the "Super Mario Bros." levels. Others, such as "Vs. Duck Hunt", had better graphics.


Nicolai Stepanowitsch Turczaninow

Nicolai Stepanowitsch Turczaninow (1796 - 1863) was a Russian botanist. He was born in Nikitovka, in the south of European Russia near the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv. He first identified several genera and many species of plants. Several species have been named after him.

He is also known as Nikolai Stepanovich Turchaninov and Nikolaus von Turczaninow.

Turczaninow was born in 1796 (probably in May) in the town of Nikitovka, Voronezh Oblast (now in the Krasnogvardeysky District, Belgorod Oblast), Russian Empire.

In 1810 he was in high school in the city of Voronezh and later studied in the University of Kharkiv. In 1814 he graduated from Kharkiv and went to Saint Petersburg (St. Petersburg) to work with the government.

While he was in St. Petersburg, Turczaninow studied the plants of the area of that city and, in 1825, he published a "List of plants of the area of Saint Petersburg" with 646 species of plants that he found.

In 1828, Turczaninow was sent to Irkutsk, eastern Siberia, to work with the government of the region. In his free time he could travel around the Lake Baikal area, collecting many plants that later he sent some to St. Petersburg and keeping the rest for his own herbarium.

He became a "Fellow" of the Imperial Botanical Garden of St. Petersburg in 1830 so he could explore the Siberian region between the "Altai Mountains and the eastern ocean" (Pacific Ocean).

He collected plants in the Lake Baikal region and other regions, including northern China and Mongolia. He sent the collected plants and seeds to the St. Petersburg Botanical Garden, keeping some copies in his herbarium. In 1831, 1832 and 1834 Turczaninov wrote some articles in the "Bulletin de la Société impériale des naturalistes de Moscou" ("Bulletin of the Imperial Society of Naturalists of Moscow") on the botany of Siberia and Mongolia.

In 1837 he was sent more to west to the town of Krasnoyarsk, and later he became Governor of the region. In Krasnioarsk, Turczaninov began to publish "Flora Baikalensi-Dahurica" in separate parts from 1842 to 1857 in the Bulletin de la Société impériale des naturalists de Moscow. He wrote those articles in Latin. Later all these articles were published in 2 volumes with the first part (introduction) written in French.
When he was 49 years old, in 1845, and after 17 years in Siberia, Turczaninov went to live in Taganrog on the Sea of Azov near the Black Sea. In Taganrog, Turczaninov fell from a ladder and broke one leg; this affected his life and he could not travel to South America as he wanted. In 1847, Turczaninov move to the city of Kharkiv to work in the herbarium of the University of Kharkiv.

Turczaninov died in Kharkiv on 26 December 1863.

In 1857, The Academy of Sciences of St. Petersburg gave him the Demidov Prize because of his contribution to Russian botany. And the University of Kharkiv named him a member of honour.

Several species of plantas are named after Turczaninov, and the Altai State University publishes the bulletin "Turczaninowia" ( for the printed version and for the electronic version).


Jean Kennedy Smith

Jean Ann Kennedy Smith (February 20, 1928 – June 17, 2020) was an American diplomat. She was the Ambassador to Ireland from 1993 to 1998. She is the eighth of nine children born to Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.. and Rose Kennedy. She was their last surviving child. Her siblings include President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, longtime Senator Ted Kennedy, and Special Olympics founder Eunice Kennedy Shriver.

In 2011, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama for her work with Very Special Arts and the disabled.

Jean Ann Kennedy was born on February 20, 1928 in Brookline, Massachusetts, on her elder sister Kathleen's eighth birthday. She was raised in Boston, Massachusetts. She studied at Manhattanville College.

Kennedy was married to Stephen Edward Smith from 1956 until his death in 1990. They had four children.

Smith died on June 17, 2020 in Manhattan, aged 92.


George H. Pendleton

George Hunt Pendleton (July 19, 1825 – November 24, 1889) or Gentleman George was an American politician and lawyer.

Pendleton was representative from Ohio from March 4, 1879 through March 4, 1885. Later he was the Senator from Ohio from March 4, 1879 through March 4, 1885. He was nominated as Vice President with George McClellan, but they lost to Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson.

He was one of the major Democratic politicians who supported slavery. He helped create many laws. Of those laws was the Pendleton Act, which put an end to the system of patronage during the 1880s. He was later the Envoy of Germany from March 4, 1885 until his death on November 24, 1889.

Pendleton was born on July 19, 1825 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He studied at Cincinnati College and at University of Heidelberg in Germany. He was never married and had no children. Pendleton died on November 24, 1889 while on a trip in Brussels, Belgium from an illness, aged 64.

Greenwood, British Columbia

Greenwood is a small city in the Canadian province of British Columbia.

The population of Coquitlam is 708 which makes it the Canada's Smallest City as well as the smallest city in British Columbia. The population was larger at one point but the population decreased when the city shut down the area's industries. The mayor of Greenwood is Colleen Lang.

1200 Japanese Canadians were sent to Greenwood because of the Japanese Canadian internment in 1942. The movie "Snow Falling on Cedars" was filmed in Greenwood.


Halloween III: Season of the Witch

Halloween III: Season of the Witch is a 1982 American science fiction horror movie. It is the third movie in the "Halloween" movie series. The movie was released on October 22, 1982. This movie was not about Michael Myers nor Dr. Loomis. 


Katharine Houghton

Katharine Houghton (born March 10, 1945) is an American actress. She has acted in a few movies. She played Joanna in the 1967 movie "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner". Houghton was born in Hartford, Connecticut.

Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers

Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers is an 1988 horror movie. It is the fourth movie in the "Halloween" movie series. The movie was about Michael Myers returning home to kill his niece Jamie Lloyd (Danielle Harris), the daughter of Laurie Strode. Dr. Loomis (Donald Pleasence) tries to stop him. The movie was released on October 21, 1988.

Halloween H20: 20 Years Later

Halloween H20: 20 Years Later is a 1998 American horror thriller movie. It is the seventh movie in the "Halloween" movie series. The movie was released on August 5, 1998. The movie was released to positive reviews. 

The movie is set twenty years after the events of the first two movies. It is about a post-traumatic Laurie Strode. She is afraid of her brother, Michael Myers, who tried to kill her in the past. When Michael appears, Laurie must face him one last time. The life of her teenage son is in danger. At the end, Laurie cuts off her brother's head. She is sent into an asylum. The movie was dedicated to Donald Pleasence.


Halloween: Resurrection

Halloween: Resurrection is a 2002 American horror movie. It is the eighth movie in the "Halloween" movie series. In the movie, the masked serial killer Michael Myers continues killing in his hometown of Haddonfield. This time it is in his old childhood home, which is being used for a live internet horror show. In this movie, Michael Myers finally kills his sister Laurie Strode while she was in an asylum. The movie was released in July 12, 2002.


Hermóðr

Hermodr (Old Norse: "Hermóðr" - “Spirit of War”) is the messenger of the gods in Norse mythology, and is the fastest among the Æsir. When Baldr died, Hermóðr volunteered to go to Niflheimr to ask Hel to release Odin's beloved son. Hermóðr was said to have galloped on the horse Sleipnir for nine days and nine nights.

Upon reaching the dreaded world of ice and mist, Hermóðr encountered the female jötunn Móðguðr (Old Norse: “Furious Battler”), guardian of Gjallarbrú, the bridge which spans the river Gjöll (Old Norse: Gjǫll - “Noisy”), which separates the realm of the living and the dead. When Hermóðr stated his business as to why he wished to enter Hel, Móðguðr let him pass. He finally met with Hel, and begged her to release Baldr. Hel eventually agreed to his request, on the condition that all of creation weep for Baldr. 

Hlín

Hlin is the goddess of protection. She is one of Frigg's guardians. It is possible that Hlin may be another aspect of Frigg.

Hœnir

Hœnir is a warrior god in Norse mythology. He is sometimes confused with Vili. Hœnir is part of the Aesir. Hœnir and Mimir were hostages in a war between the Aesir and Vanir gods. He was also an original Aesir god himself. Hœnir usually relied on Mimir. Hœnir is the god of silence, spirituality, poetry and of passion.
Hoenir is the travel companion of Odin and Loki and was also part of the creation of Ask and Embla.

Hœnir goes with Mímir to the Vanir as hostage, in order to seal a truce to the Æsir-Vanir war. During the negotiations, Hœnir heavily relies on Mímir to address any query, as the latter was better informed and knowledgeable. The Vanir perceived this indecision and thus noticing a character flaw within Hœnir, which resulted in beheading Mímir as retaliation, thinking the Æsir cheated them in their hostage exchange. Hœnir is one of the few gods to survive Ragnarök.

Kvasir

Kvasir is a wise god in Norse mythology. He was made when the spit of the Vanir gods and Aesir gods was mixed after their battle. He became the new god of knowledge and diplomacy. Kvasir walked the world spreading his great wisdom to any who asked for it.

He was killed by two dwarves, Fjalar and Galar, who mixed his blood with honey to make a powerful mead that inspired any who drank it to speak with wisdom and poetry. Odin drank all the mead to gain its knowledge. He spilled a few drops which fell into Midgard and was said to be the source of all the bad poets and artists. Odin is said to give the mead to those he feels worthy and this is the source for all the great poets.

He is also considered to be the god of inspiration.

Corpus Christi

Corpus Christi is Latin for the Body of Christ. It is a Catholic Festival that occurs every year after Trinity Sunday. In 2013 it was on May 30 or June 2. It celebrates the Real Presence of Christ in the Eucharist.

<br>


Máni

Mani is a god in Norse mythology. He was made when the sparks of the realm of fire were collected. The other gods were not pleased with Mani and his sister Sol. So the gods made them ride in carts. The purpose of the siblings being in the carts was to guide the moon and sun. The reason for the waxing and waning moons is because Mani took two kids so they would cover parts of the moon. The reason for lunar eclipses is Hati (the offspring of Fenrir who is to chase Mani) getting close to Mani. At Ragnarok, Hati will finally consume Mani.

Mímir

Mimir was one of the Norse gods. After his head was chopped off in a battle between the Aesir and the Vanir, Odin carried it around. The head told him secrets and offered him advice. Mimir is the god of wisdom. He was the thinking part of Hoenir, the silent god.

Iridescent shark

The iridescent shark ("Pangasianodon hypophthalmus") is a catfish that is a native to the rivers across Southeast Asia. They are not sharks, but they do look like small sharks. 

They are found over Mekong Basin and the Chao Phraya River areas and used for food there. The fish are marketed as swai in the United States. They are very similar to the US catfish. It has also been introduced into other river basins as a food source.

Adults reach up to 130 cm (4.3 ft) in length and can weigh up to a maximum of 44 kg (97 lb). They have a shiny, iridescent color that gives these fish their name. Large adults are gray. The fins are dark gray or black. Juveniles have a black stripe along the lateral line and a second black stripe below the lateral line.

Iridescent sharks come from the large rivers Chao Phraya and Mekong in Asia. They have been introduced into other rivers for aquaculture.

The iridescent shark is an omnivorous species, and does not require much animal protein in its diet. Typical grading sizes are 3–5 oz (85–140 g), 5–7 oz (140–200 g), and 7–9 oz (200–260 g). Its diet consists of other fish, plant matter, and crustaceans.

These fish are fast enough to catch and eat even active fish like tetra fish and guppies.

Juvenile iridescent sharks are sold as pets for home aquariums, but they are not easy fish to keep. Iridescent sharks are schooling fish that prefer groups. They live in rivers, and are active fish that need space. Iridescent sharks require a tank size of at least 12 m (39 ft) to develop naturally. Schools require even larger tanks.





Bullets Over Broadway

Bullets Over Broadway is a 1994 American crime comedy movie. It is about Broadway theatre and the Mafia. This was released in October 1994 for the United States. Dianne Wiest plays Helen Sinclair, Jennifer Tilly plays Olive Neal and Mary-Louise Parker plays Ellen. This comedy is set in 1928. The director and co-writer of "Bullets Over Broadway" is Woody Allen. The reviews for this crime comedy were very positive.

Rheology

Rheology is the study of the flow of liquids and soft solids like mud or blood. Rheo means flow in Greek.



Arkansas State University

The Arkansas State University is a public university in Jonesboro, Arkansas. It was established in 1909. The university is a division of the Arkansas State University System. The school has over twelve thousand students.

Science (journal)

Science is one of the world's top science journals. It is also referred to as "Science magazine". It is published weekly, and a peer-reviewed journal. The publisher is the American Association for the Advancement of Science. "Science" was founded by John Michaels in 1880 with financial support from Thomas Edison and later from Alexander Graham Bell.



Anne Hathaway (Shakespeare)

Anne Hathaway (1555/56 – 6 August 1623) was the wife of English playwright and poet, William Shakespeare. Little is known about her early life. Hathaway married Shakespeare in 1582 at the village of Temple Grafton, near Stratford-upon-Avon. She lived in Stratford all her life, even while Shakespeare was working and living in London. She died in Stratford on 6 August 1623 and is buried next to her husband in the Holy Trinity Church, Stratford.

Piano Sonata No. 8 (Beethoven)

The Piano Sonata No. 8 in C minor, Op. 13 is a work for solo piano written by Ludwig van Beethoven. It is also called the Pathétique Sonata. It was written between 1797 and 1798. It was published in Vienna, Austria in 1799. The work is written in three movements. The first opens with a slow and serious introduction. It is followed by an quick section in sonata form. This section is driven forward by tremolando octaves in the left hand. The movement expresses a questing, uncertain mood. The second movement is a slow piece in rondo form. The third movement is a quick, melancholic rondo. Its main theme is accompanied by arpeggios in the left hand. This movement concludes with a brilliant coda.


Caloocan

Caloocan is one of the cities of Metro Manila in the Philippines. Caloocan is north of Manila. It is the third most populous city in the Philippines with 1,489,040 people as of 2010. 

Bhimber

Bhimber () is the main town of the Bhimber District in Azad Kashmir. The town is on the border between Azad Kashmir and Pakistan. It is about 50 km from Mirpur.

Backdraft (movie)

Backdraft is a 1991 American crime drama action movie. It was directed by Ron Howard. The movie is about firefighters in the Chicago metropolitan area. Kurt Russell and William Baldwin star as firefighters of the Chicago Fire Department. Donald Sutherland and Robert De Niro also act in the movie. "Backdraft" was released in May 1991. It was well liked by the critics. It did well in the box office, earning over $152 million worldwide.

La Goulue

La Goulue was Louise Weber (13 July 1866, Clichy, Paris 30 January 1929), a French can-can dancer. She was always known by her nickname. "La Goulue" is French slang for 'greedy guts'. It came from her habit of picking up a customer's glass and drinking it while dancing past the table. 

Growing up, Weber was a poor Jewish girl who loved to dance. She would dressed up and pretended to be a glamorous star on a great stage. At 16, she was working with her mother in the laundry. Without her mother knowing, she began sneaking off to a dance hall wearing a dress she would "borrow" from one of their customers.

Weber quickly became popular because of her dancing at small clubs in Paris. She was liked for her dancing skills and her behaviour. In her routine, she teased the male audience by swirling her raised dress to reveal the heart embroidered on her panties. Another trick of hers was to kick off a man's hat with her toe. 

Later, she met the Montmartre painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir. He introduced her to a group of models who earned money posing for artists and photographers.

146 BC

The year 146 BCE was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Achaicus (or, less often, year 608 Ab urbe condita).


Pope Leo I

Leo I (; c. 400 – 10 November 461), also known as Leo the Great, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 45th Pope from 29 September 440 to his death on 10 November 461.

Nothing is known about his early life. Little is known about his early work in the church. The first unmistakable reference to Pope Leo is in 429 when he was only a deacon.

Leo was made Bishop of Rome on 29 September 440. In other words, he became pope.

Leo is one of only two popes who are called "the Great". The other "great" is the first pope named Gregory.

In 452, Leo I peacefully convinced Attila the Hun "not" to destroy and plunder Rome. This made him a legendary figure in Italy.

Leo also wrote many scholarly books. One of them, a "Tome" on the Nature of Christ, was read out to both the Roman Emperor and to the Patriarch of Constantinople. Afterwards, they followed Leo's recommendations, and officially accepted certain religious matters, and rejected others. These decisions had many political implications, in many areas of the Eastern Roman Empire, for centuries to come.



Arthur Darvill

Arthur Darvill (born Thomas Arthur Darvill on 17 June 1982) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Rory Williams in the television series "Doctor Who". He has also acted in "Terre Haute" and "Swimming with Sharks". 


 

Donkey Kong 3

Donkey Kong 3 is an arcade video game made by Nintendo in 1984. It is the third game in the "Donkey Kong" arcade series. A port was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1986. It was later re-released for the Wii Virtual Console in North America and Europe in 2008 and 2009.

Donkey Kong has taken cover in Stanley's greenhouse. Stanley is a bugman, and must stop insects from destroying his flowers. He does this by killing them with bug spray. The main goal is to shoot Donkey Kong with the bug spray and force him to the top of the vine he is on while killing the insects. When Donkey Kong gets to the top, the player moves on to the next stage. The player can also complete a stage by killing all of the insects, which forces Donkey Kong to the top. At the start of a stage, Stanley can get a special bug spray which allows him to shoot Donkey Kong up at a faster rate. It is on one of Donkey Kong's vines. It is dropped when Donkey Kong reaches the point on the vine where the bug spray is. It only lasts for a certain amount of shots.

Costa Rican colón

The colón is the official currency of Costa Rica. It is named after Christopher Columbus, known as Cristóbal Colón in Spanish. The plural is "colones" in Spanish. The ISO 4217 code is CRC.

The symbol for the colón is a "c" with two slashes (₡). The symbol for the colón in many English language Windows keyboards can be made by pressing +.

The colón sign is not the same as the US cent sign, but the US cent sign is much more commonly available (¢). As such, it is frequently used instead of the colón's own sign in price markings and advertisements.

The colón is divided into 100 "centimos"

The colón was introduced in 1896 and replaced the Costa Rican peso. Between 1917 and 1919 coins were issued using the name centavo for the 1/100 subunit.

In 1897 gold 2, 5, 10 and 20 colones were issued. Later, silver 50 centimos and cupro-nickel 2 centimos were issued in 1903. In 1905 silver 5 and 10 centimos were issued. The 5 and 10 centimos had the initials G.C.R. ("Gobierno de Costa Rica") because they were issued by the government.

The government resumed in 1920 making 5 and 10 centimos coins with the G.C.R initials. Silver 25 centimos coins were made in 1925. The last government issued coins were brass 10 centimos coins in 1941.

In 1935, the International Bank of Costa Rica "(Banco Internacional de Costa Rica)" issued cupro-nickel coins of 25 and 50 centimos and 1 colón. These had the initials B.I.C.R.

The National Bank made 25 and 50 centimos coins in 1937. This bank also issued 1 colón coins. These coins had the initials B.N.C.R. 5 and 10 centimos coins were made in 1942. 2 colones coins were made in 1948.

The Central Bank of Costa Rica took over coin production in 1951. These coins had the initials B.C.C.R. "(Banco Central de Costa Rica)".

The first Banco Central coins were 5 and 10 centimos. Then 1 and 2 colones coins in 1954. In 1965, 50 centimos coins were made. 25 centimos coins were made in 1967.

By 1983, 5 and 10 centimos coins were discontinued. 25 centimos to 2 colon coins were made smaller in size. By this time 5, 10 and 20 colon coins were made.

By 1998, small brass 1, 5 and 10 colon coins were made. In this same year 25, 50 & 100 colones coins were added. In 2003, 500 colones coins were made. In 2006 aluminium 5 and 10 colones coins were made.

1 colón coins are no longer used. In 2009 the large silver-colored ¢5, ¢10 & ¢20 were withdrawn. There are only the smaller silver-colored ¢5 and ¢10 coins and gold-colored ¢5, ¢10, ¢25, ¢50, ¢100 & ¢500 coins.

Four private banks, the "Banco Anglo–Costarricense", the "Banco Comercial de Costa Rica", the "Banco de Costa Rica" and the "Banco Mercantil de Costa Rica", issued notes between 1864 and 1917.

The Banco Anglo–Costarricense was established in 1864 and issued notes from 1864 to 1917. It later became a state-owned bank and in 1994 went bankrupt and closed. Notes were issued in denominations of 1, 25, 50, and 100 pesos as well as 5, 10, 20, 50, and 100 colones. Some 1, 5, 10 and 20 colon notes (unsigned and undated) were released in 1963 when the bank celebrated its 100th anniversary. Some had "Muestra sin Valor" ("sample without value") printed on them in order to nullify the legal tender status and to prevent people from selling them. Most, however, didn't have that printed on them, which makes it harder nowadays to find notes with the seal.

The Banco de Costa Rica was established in 1890 and issued notes from 1890 to 1914. It is currently a state-owned bank. Notes were issued in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, and 100 pesos as well as 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones.

The Banco Comercial de Costa Rica issued notes between 1906 and 1914 in denominations of 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones. The Banco Mercantil de Costa Rica issued notes between 1910 and 1916, also in denominations of 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones.

The government issued gold certificates in 1897 for 5, 10, 25, 50 and 100 colones. Between 1902 and 1917, it issued silver certificates for 50 centimos, 1, 2, 50 and 100 colones.

In 1914, the "Banco Internacional de Costa Rica" introduced notes in denominations of 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones, to which 25 and 50 centimos, 1 and 2 colones were added in 1918. Although 25 centimos were not issued after 1919, the other denominations continued to be issued until 1936. After 1917, the Banco Internacional's notes were the only issued for circulation.

In 1937, the "Banco Nacional de Costa Rica" took over paper money issuing and issued notes for 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones until 1949. Many of the early notes were provisional issues overprinted on notes of the Banco Internacional, including the 1 colón notes which were briefly issued.

The "Banco Central de Costa Rica" began issuing paper money in 1950, with notes for 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones. The first notes were provisional issues produced from Banco Nacional notes (unsigned and undated). The Central Bank printed on them the corresponding signatures and dates, and the legend "BANCO CENTRAL DE COSTA RICA" over "BANCO NACIONAL DE COSTA RICA". Regular issues of notes began in 1951, but a second provisional issue of 2 colon notes was made in 1967. 1000 colon notes were added in 1958, followed by 500 colones in 1973, 5000 colones in 1992, and 2000 and 10,000 colones in 1997.
Whenever a banknote of a specific denomination is changed (design, security features, colour, etc.), a new series is released. Every banknote issued by this bank measures approximately 6.6 cm x 15.5 cm. Every note also has the serial and series numbers printed in red ink. Exceptions occurred with:

Every issue also features the signatures, date, and the agreement number printed in black.

The 1983 "Z" series of the 20 colón note was an experimental issue of the American Banknote Company which made the notes out of a polymer. To date, this has been the only Costa Rican note made of that material.

Since 2012, Costa Rican banknotes are undergoing a reform and are being replaced by a new model. Two new denominations were introduced as part of the reform; 20,000 and 50,000 colones. The old notes will all be withdrawn from circulation and be replaced by new ones. The new banknotes will have different colors, shapes and images than their predecessors. All the denominations have a different length so that people with visual impairments can recognize the banknotes easily.

On February 6, 2011, the United States dollar was worth 508.11 colones. The colón has had an unusual relationship with the U.S. dollar that may best be described as a "crawling peg"; instead of being defined by a constant value to the dollar, the colón instead would grow progressively weaker at a fixed rate of about 3.294 colones per dollar per month. On October 16, 2006, however, this crawling peg was modified due to weakness in the U.S. dollar and the perception that the colón is now undervalued. The exchange rate is now free to float within a currency band referenced to the United States dollar. The floor of the band has been set at a fixed value, while the ceiling changes at a fixed rate. In practice the exchange rate has remained fixed at the lower value of the currency band.

Since October 17, 2006 the colón is no longer bound to controlled devaluations (known in Costa Rica as "minidevaluaciones") by the Central Bank of Costa Rica. With the new system, "sistema cambiario de bandas", the exchange rates posted by the Central Bank are a "reference" and each authorized financial institution can determine their value independently in hopes that the free market will provide a mechanism to keep them reasonable.

The colón is sometimes referred to as the "peso", which was the name of the Costa Rican currency before the colón, until 1896. This is very common across Latin American countries, where most have (or had at some point) currencies called pesos. Another nickname is "caña" (Spanish for sugar cane, plural cañas) but this nickname is more often used in plural for amounts under 100 colones. For example: 5 cañas, 10 cañas, 20 cañas. This term has become less popular.

"Teja" (roof tile in Spanish) is used as another nickname. It means one hundred colones. For example: five hundred colones are called ""cinco tejas"". "Teja" can also be used for 100,000 colones. ""Media Teja"" (half a roof tile in Spanish) is used for 50 colones or 50,000 colones.

The one thousand colones note is called "un rojo" (one red) because of its red color.


Sainte-Mélanie, Quebec

Sainte-Mélanie is a municipality in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada. It is part of the Joliette Regional County Municipality. It is located along the western shores of the L'Assomption River.

Sainte-Mélanie used to be part of the territory of the Ailleboust Seignory, which was given to Jean d'Ailleboust d'Argenteuil (1694-1785) in 1736. By 1800, Pierre-Louis Panet (1761-1812) was Lord of Ailleboust. His daughter Charlotte-Mélanie Panet (1794-1872) may have been the source of the name Sainte-Mélanie, also a reference to Melania the Younger (383-439). Charlotte-Mélanie's husband, Marc-Antoine-Louis Lévesque (1782-1833), donated the land in 1814 for a chapel that was built in 1830. The Parish of Sainte-Mélanie was founded in 1832. Four years later, in 1836, the post office opened under the name Daillebout.

L'Assomption River

The Assomption River (in French "", named after the Assumption of Mary) is the most important waterway in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada. It is over long. It has a drainage basin of . It flows from the Mont Tremblant massif. Seven significant rivers flow into the Assomption (de la Boule, Versailles, Noire, la Chaloupe, Ouareau, Saint-Esprit, and Achigan) before it flows into the Rivière des Prairies at Repentigny, Quebec.

About 150000 people live in the drainage area of this river.

Long-tailed river stingray

The long-tailed river stingray ("Plesiotrygon iwamae"), also known as the antenna ray, is a species of freshwater stingray in the family Potamotrygonidae.

These animals have a long tail, small eyes, and few pectoral-fin radials.

They eat worms, crustaceans, mollusks, and small bottom fish (such as small catfish). They can detect electrical and chemical signals from prey in mud and sand.

The species was mentioned in 1987 by Hugo P. Castello from Museu de Zoologia, University of São Paulo. Examples were then found in other museums that had been given wrong names or identified incorrectly.

This fish does not appear often in the aquarium trade.



Lofn

Lofn is a goddess in Norse mythology. Lofn is described in the Prose Edda, written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. She is described as a gentle woman who arranges marriages. She survived the Ragnarök, the battle at the end of the world to determine the fate of the gods.

Hawthorne effect

The Hawthorne effect is a form of reactivity. When the group which is under study knows about the study and their behavior changes after knowing that they are being studied, this change of behavior is the Hawthorne effect. For example: a group of 10 people are being studied for their health after exercising. Without knowing that they are being studied, they do or not do exercise, but after knowing that they are being studied they regularly do exercise. 

Donkey Kong Country (TV series)

Donkey Kong Country Is a computer-animated musical television series that is based on the video game Donkey Kong Country from Nintendo and Rare The series is co-produced for Nickelodeon by Nelvana Medialab Studio LA, (seasons 1-2), and Hong Guang Animation, (season 3 present) in association with WIC Entertainment, (seasons 1-2). with the Participation of Teletoon - for Season 1 it is produced in Co-production with France 2, Canal+, in association with Valar 4, 

Season 1
Season 2

Nickelodeon Nick Jr. and Noggin (United States), Teletoon and Nickelodeon (Canada), Disney Channel (United Kingdom), 

Pac-Man (TV series)

Pac-Man was an animated television series that aired on ABC. It was created by Hanna-Barbera. It was based on the video game series of the same name. It aired from 1982 to 1983. Two seasons of 21 episodes were aired.

The show followed Pac-Man, his wife Pepper, their child Pac-Baby, their dog Chomp-Chomp, and their cat Sour Puss. They live in Pac-Land, a place built mostly of spheres and sphere-like shapes. Episodes were mainly about the Pac family and their battles with their enemies, the Ghost Monsters. The Ghost Monsters were Blinky, Inky, Pinky, Clyde, and Sue. They worked for Mezamaron, whose goal was to locate and control the Power Pellets. The Power Pellets were the food and power source for Pac-Land.

Two special episodes aired. The first one was the "Pac-Man Halloween Special", which was two Halloween episodes of the show. It aired in primetime on October 30, 1982. The second was "Christmas Comes to Pac-Land", which was a Christmas special where Pac-Man and his family had to help Santa Claus after he crash-landed in Pac-Land.


Cerro Chirripó

Cerro Chirripó is the highest mountain peak of Costa Rica. This mountain is in Chirripó National Park. It is known for its biodiversity. From the mountain, it is possible to see both the Carribean Sea and the Pacific Ocean at the same time on a clear day.

Serampore

Serampore () (also called Serampur, Srirampur, Srirampore, Shreerampur, Shreerampore, Shrirampur, Shrirampore) is a city and a municipality in Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a part of the area covered by Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority. It is a town on the right bank of the Hoogly River.

Serampore was a colony of Denmark (what is known as Danish India) under the name Frederiksnagore from 1755 to 1845, when it became a British colony.

In the 2011 census,the population of Serampore was of 183,339 personas, of which 94,514 (52%) were male and 88,825 (%) were female; 12,817 (7%) were under 6 years of age. Those that could read and write were 153,460 (8%): 81,592 men (86% of men) and 71,868 women (81% of women).



San Isidro de El General

San Isidro de El General is a city in Costa Rica. It is the capital of Pérez Zeledón canton in the province of San José. It is located 130 km from San José and 212 km from Paso Canoas, a border town with Panama. 

Eau de toilette

Eau de toilette is a kind of perfume used to make skin smell nice. It is also called "aromatic waters". It is based on alcohol, its main ingredient. It is usually used on the skin after bathing or shaving. It is considered a "weak" and cheap version of perfume. Toilet water is defined as a dilute perfume (perfume is only ingredient mixed with alcohol and few other lowering the production cost). It was originally composed of alcohol and various volatile oils.

Newmarket, Ontario

Newmarket is a town in Ontario, Canada. It is north of Toronto. The town was founded in 1801. Actors John Candy and Jim Carrey were born here.

Trecento

Trecento was the Italian word for the Italian culture during the 14th century.

The Trecento is considered the beginning of the Italian Renaissance cultural movement. It is sometimes called "Proto-Renaissance".

One of the most important centres of art and architecture in this period is Florence, a political, economical and cultural pole of Italy.

The most important artists who represent this period are Giotto, in painting, and Donatello, in sculpture. Indeed the Trecento begins with the works of the painter Giotto and includes Taddeo Gaddi, Orcagna, Altichiero and the sculptor Nicola Pisano.

In 1334 Giotto was appointed chief architect to Florence Cathedral, of which the "Campanile" (founded by him on 18 July 1334 AD) bears his name, but was not completed to his design. Most of the famous Florence Cathedral, an architecture masterpiece, was built during the Trecento.

Important sculptors included two pupils of Giovanni Pisano: Arnolfo di Cambio and Tino di Camaino, and Bonino da Campione.

The Trecento was also famous as a time of heightened literary activity, with writers working in the vernacular instead of Latin. Dante, Petrarch and Boccaccio were the leading writers of the age. Dante produced his famous "La Divina commedia" (The Divine Comedy), a summation of the medieval worldview, and Petrarch wrote verse in a lyrical style influenced by the Provençal poetry of the troubadours.

In music, the Trecento was a time of vigorous activity in Italy. Musicians and composers of the Trecento included the renowned Francesco Landini, as well as Maestro Piero, Gherardello da Firenze, Jacopo da Bologna, Giovanni da Cascia, Paolo "Tenorista" da Firenze, Niccolò da Perugia, Bartolino da Padova, Antonio Zachara da Teramo and Matteo da Perugia.



Socotra

Socotra (Somali: Suqadara, "") is an island east of the Horn of Africa. It lies between the Guardafui Channel and the Indian Ocean. Although Socotra belongs to Yemen, in 2018 it was taken over by the United Arab Emirates.

To its west it is joined by an archipelago of much smaller islands. It is also named the Islands of San Gustav after the navigator who discovered them, Gustav Peter Galle Daniels. It is located east of the Horn of Africa and south of the Arabian Peninsula. 

Socotra has a borderline tropical, desert climate and semi-desert climate (Köppen climate classification: "BWh" and "BSh"), with an average yearly temperature over . With a total of only , the yearly rainfall is light but is fairly spread throughout the year. The total rainfall in the mountains can average as much as per year and can average over per month from October to December, during the northeast monsoon. The southwest monsoon season from June to September brings strong winds and high seas.

The island is very isolated and some 30% of its plant species are found only on Socotra. It has been described as the most alien-looking place on Earth. The island is in length and in width.

Socotra belongs to the Republic of Yemen. From late 2017 to mid-2018, Socotra was occupied by the United Arab Emirates. In 2018, the island was also occupied by Saudi Arabia. The Emiratis and later the Saudis came to Socotra because of the Yemeni Civil War (2015–present). Since 2017, Socotra is no longer under the control of the internationally recognized Yemeni government. The island is under the control of the UAE and under the authority of the sessecionist Southern Transitional Council which is supported by UAE troops.


The Ice Sports Forum

The Ice Sports Forum is the official practicing ice area of the National Hockey League's Tampa Bay Lightning. The forum has two NHL approved rinks and a laser tag arena. It is located in Brandon, Florida.

The Ice Sports Forum is the home of the USF Ice Bulls, an ACHA Division III hockey club.



The Paper

The Paper is a 1994 comedy movie. It was directed by Ron Howard. The movie is about people who work for a newspaper in New York City. It involves personal affairs between members of staff. The movie stars Michael Keaton as Henry, Glenn Close as Alicia Clark and Marisa Tomei as Henry's wife Martha. "The Paper" was well liked by critics but earned less than $50 million at the box office.

Yasujirō Ozu

Yasujirō Ozu (12 December 1903 – 12 December 1963) was a Japanese movie director. He made many movies. These include "Tokyo Story" in 1953. His movies show Japanese families and their lives. 

Even Cowgirls Get the Blues

Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is a 1993 drama-comedy-romance movie. It is about homosexuality, use of drugs and political rebellion. It stars Lorraine Bracco as Delores Del Ruby, Uma Thurman as Sissy and Roseanne Barr as Madame Zoe. The movie was not liked by critics.

Beit HaNassi

Beit HaNassi ("President's House" in Hebrew), also known as Mishkan HaNassi ( "Presidential Residence") is the main residence of the President of Israel. It is in Jerusalem. The building was opened in 1971, after the Israeli government approved a state home for the president. In 2011, renovations were started after defects were found in the building.


Addicted to Love (movie)

Addicted to Love is a 1997 American romantic comedy movie set in New York City. It is about manipulation and revenge. The movie stars Meg Ryan as Maggie and Matthew Broderick as Sam. "Addicted to Love" was released in May 1997. It got both good and bad reviews by critics.

Pyramid (geometry)

A pyramid is a three-dimensional shape. It has triangular sides that come together in a point at the top, call the "apex". The other side is a base, which is shaped as a polygon of any number of sides.

A pyramid with a square base (bottom), and four triangle faces, is called a square pyramid. A pyramid with a triangular base is called a triangular pyramid or tetrahedron. A tetrahedron with four equilateral triangles is one of the Platonic solids.

The formula for the volume of a square pyramid is formula_1. This means that one must find the volume by multiplying the base (B) by the height (h), then dividing the product by three.
The base is also known as the product of the length and the width, thus this formula could alternatively be written as formula_2. Either way works, but the technical formula for the volume of a pyramid is the former, due to its use of the capital B, which is shorthand for length and width as stated before.

Pyramid (disambiguation)

A pyramid is a building is the shape of a pyramid.
Pyramid might also mean:

People Power Revolution

The People Power Revolution was a historic event that happened in the Philippines from 22 to 25 February 1986. It is also known as the EDSA Revolution, the Philippine Revolution of 1986, and the Yellow Revolution. This case of nonviolent revolution led to the departure of President Ferdinand Marcos from presidency and the restoration of the country's democracy. It is also referred to as the Yellow Revolution because of the presence of yellow ribbons during the demonstrations following the assassination of Benigno Aquino, Jr.. It was widely seen as a victory of the people against the 20-year running authoritarian, repressive regime of then president Ferdinand Marcos and made news headlines as "the revolution that surprised the world".

Land of Israel

The Land of Israel ( , ; ) is a name for the region also known as Canaan, Palestine or the Holy Land. The name comes from the Torah and the Bible. The area is in the Middle East, and covers the southern part of the Levant.

Before the rise of the Kingdom of Israel, the region was called the Land of Canaan (the home of the Canaanites). In the Bible, the land was referred to as the ’Promised Land’ or the ‘Holy Land’.

Eparchy

Eparchy is the name of a diocese in the Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches. An eparchy is headed by a bishop, who is called "eparch". Churches with the Byzantine Rite (or the Rite of Constantinople) also have eparchies.

Eparchy (disambiguation)

In Ancient Rome the term "eparchia" was used to refer to a province in the eastern parts of the Roman Empire. Today, the term is used for different concepts:

Gibbsite

Gibbsite, Al(OH), is one of the mineral forms of aluminium hydroxide. It is often designated as γ-Al(OH) (but sometimes as α-Al(OH)). It is also sometimes called hydrargillite (or hydrargyllite). It is an important ore of aluminium, and one of the main parts of the rock Bauxite.

Tel Aviv University

Tel Aviv University (TAU) ( ) is a university in Israel. It is in Tel Aviv, in the Ramat Aviv neighborhood, next to the Land of Israel Museum. It is the second-largest university in Israel, after the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The Museum of the Jewish People is on the university campus.



Haifa University

Haifa University is a public university in Haifa, Israel. It was opened in 1963, several years after the opening of the Tel Aviv University. The university's faculties are located in a big tower on the Mount Carmel viewing the Carmel Forest.


Ben-Gurion University of the Negev

Ben-Gurion University is a public university in Israel. The university was opened in 1970 in Beer Sheba next to the Soroka Medical Center.


Mendeleev's predicted elements

In 1869, Professor Dmitri Mendeleev created the first periodic table of chemical elements. He arranged the elements from the lightest one to the heaviest one. When he proposed his periodic table, he placed empty spaces between some elements. He said that the empty spaces were for undiscovered elements. Mendeleev had also predicted the properties of these undiscovered elements.

Mendeleev gave temporary names for the undiscovered elements. He used the prefixes eka-, dvi- and tri- and combined it with any known elements in the same group with the undiscovered element. Eka-, dvi- and tri- are numbers 1, 2 and 3 in the Sanskrit language. The use of the prefix depends on how far the known element is from the unknown element. For example, germanium was called eka-silicon because silicon is placed one row above germanium, and rhenium was called dvi-manganese because manganese is placed two rows above rhenium. The names of these elements were changed after they were discovered.

Other scientists use the eka- prefix, too. Eka- is also used in the names of elements that Mendeleev did not predict. Before francium was discovered, it was called "eka-caesium", and before astatine was discovered, it was called "eka-iodine". The eka- prefix is also used to name transuranic elements (elements after uranium). For example, Oganesson is also called "eka-radon", and untriennium (element number 139) is also called "eka-actinium". Today, the IUPAC uses the systematic element name to give new elements a temporary name. This new way of naming elements depends on the atomic number of the element. It does not depend on the position of the element in the periodic table.

Christopher Jones

Christopher Jones (about 1570 – about 5 March 1622) was Master of the "Mayflower" when the ship carried the Pilgrims to North America in 1620.

Jones was born about 1570 to Christopher and Sybil Jones of Harwich, co. Essex, England. The Harwich records for the year of his birth are missing. Christopher was his father's eldest son. He lived in a house on High Street. Jones was eight years old when his father died. Christopher was left his father's share in the ship "Marie Fortune" when he turned eighteen. His brother Roger was left an eighth part and stock in another ship, the "Centurion", when he turned eighteen. Christopher's mother married Robert Russell on 20 September 1579.

On 23 December 1593, Jones married Sarah Twitt, the daughter of a fairly wealthy Harwich merchant. She lived across the street from Jones in Harwich. Within a year of their marriage in St. Nicholas's Church, Harwich, they had a son, Thomas. The boy was baptized on 1 December 1595. He died a few months later on 17 April 1596. Sarah's father died in 1599, leaving Christopher and Sarah Jones a twelfth share in the ship "Apollo". Sarah died in 1603. She was buried on 23 May 1603 in Harwich.

Six months after his wife's death, Jones married Josian Gray in St. Nicholas' church. She was the widow of Richard Gray, and the daughter of Thomas Thompson. Both men were ship owners and Harwich merchants. The Joneses had eight children, four born in Harwich and four born in Rotherhithe where the family moved in 1609.

By the time of his first wedding, Jones' father had died. He left Jones his share in the ship "Mary Fortune". Sarah Twitt received £20 and a twelfth share in the ship "Apollo" at her father's death. In 1601, Jones was elected freeman of the Borough of Harwich. He served as tax assessor and jury member in Harwich.

His name is listed as one of the 24 capital burgesses on the Great Charter granted to the Borough by James I in 1604. In 1605, he was accused of keeping hunting dogs (greyhounds), an interest open only to gentlemen whose land was valued at more than 40 shillings per year.

With what wealth he had acquired through inheritance and marriage, Jones was able to pursue a seafaring career. He built the ship, "Josian", named after his wife. He traded between England and Europe with voyages to Norway, Bordeaux, and Rochelle. He carried woolen cloth on outward bound voyages and wine on return trips.

Jones was part owner in the "Mayflower". He had been the master of the ship for about 11 years when it was hired to carry the Pilgrims to North America. Jones and his 102 passengers and 30-40 crew members left Plymouth, England in September 1620. They arrived in North America in November. Jones remained in the New World through a harsh winter and returned to England in the spring of 1621.

Jones' wintering in the New World very likely undermined his health. He died about 5 March 1622. His burial is recorded in the Parish Register of St Mary's church, Rotherhithe, as 5 March 1622. His house still stands in Harwich on King's Head St.


Attorney General of California

The attorney general of California is the state attorney general of the government of California. The attorney general carries out the responsibilities of the office through the California Department of Justice.


Secretary of State of California

The secretary of state of California is the chief clerk of the U.S. state of California, overseeing a department of 500 people. The secretary of state is elected to a four year term. 

Shirley Weber is the current secretary of State of California, in office since January 2021.

The secretary of state is California's chief elections officer, overseeing all federal and state elections in the state and maintaining a database of registered voters. The officeholder is also responsible for disclosure of campaign and lobbyist financial information, under the California Political Reform Act of 1974.

The Office of the Secretary of State has a number of responsibilities related to corporations; the largest portion office is the Business Programs Division, which handles corporate filings. The Business Entities Section processes, files and maintains records related to corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships and other business entities conducting or planning to conduct business in California.

The office also maintains a number of registries, including the Safe at Home confidential address program and the Domestic Partners and Advance Health Care Directive. Other roles of the secretary of state include safeguarding the California State Archives and sitting on the board of trustees of the California Museum, though the officeholder has not been responsible for the California State Library since 1862.

The Secretary of State's Office is divided into six main divisions:


The Secretary of State's Office also works in conjunction with the state Voting Modernization Board.

Debra Bowen

Debra Lynn Bowen (born October 27, 1955), is an American politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was the Secretary of State of California from 2007 to 2015. Before that, she was a member of the California State Legislature from 1992 to 2006. In March 2008, she was given the Profile in Courage Award by the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum. Bowen was unable to run for a third term in 2014 because of term limits.

Quesada, San Carlos

Ciudad Quesada (Quesada City) is a city in Costa Rica. It is the capital of the district of Quesada in the San Carlos canton of Alajuela. Ciudad Quesada is the official name (formerly La Unión) but is commonly called San Carlos (like the canton). Ciudad Quesada is the most populated city of the canton of San Carlos.

The city is the region's economic and political center. Ciudad Quesada and the neighboring area produces 65% of all the milk that the nation of Costa Rica uses.

Steak tartare

Steak tartare is a dish which is produced using finely chopped or ground meat of beef or horse. In Belgium and Luxembourg the dish is called "filet américain". The meat used for producing steak tartare is usually of a very high quality. The name refers to the Tatars, who are said to have had meat under their saddle when riding. Because the dish is usually eaten raw, there are health concerns: The meat may have been contaminated with bacteria or parasites. These risks can be reduced when folling basic rules of hygiene and by using fresh meat.

Alajuela

Alajuela is the second largest city in Costa Rica. It is the capital of Alajuela Province. It is the birthplace of Juan Santamaría (the national hero of Costa Rica). It is also the birthplace of Carlos Luis Fallas. Juan Santamaría International Airport of Costa Rica is south of Alajuela's downtown.

Cruel Intentions

Cruel Intentions is a 1998 American romantic teen drama movie set in New York City. It is about seduction, manipulation and lies. 

Sarah Michelle Gellar plays Kathryn Merteuil, Ryan Phillippe plays her stepbrother Sebastian Valmont, Reese Witherspoon plays Annette Hargrove, Selma Blair plays Cecile Caldwell and Swoosie Kurtz plays Regina. "Cruel Intentions" got mixed reviews while playing in theaters, though it made close to $76 million. The movie became a cult favorite in the years after its release.

Nâzım Hikmet Ran

Nâzım Hikmet Ran (15 January 1902 – 3 June 1963), commonly known as Nâzım Hikmet, was a Turkish poet, playwright and novelist. He was well liked for the "lyrical flow of his statements". Hikmet was often arrested for his political beliefs. He spent much of his adult life in prison or in exile. His poetry has been translated into more than fifty languages.

Santa Rosa National Park

Santa Rosa National Park is a national park in Costa Rica. It is in the northwestern part of Costa Rica, in the Guanacaste Province. It was originally made to protect the place where the Battle of Santa Rosa happened. It is north of Liberia city.

Ariel University

Ariel University is a public university in Ariel, a Jewish settlement in the West Bank. It used to be called the "Ariel University Center of Samaria". The university was founded in 1982.


John Alden

John Alden (c. 1599 – 1687) was a passenger on the ship "Mayflower". He was hired in England to be the cooper (barrel-maker) aboard the ship during her 1620 voyage. It is not known when or where he was born.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

Alden was one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact in November 1620. In Plymouth Colony, he became an assistant to the Governor.

Alden married Priscilla Mullins on 12 May 1622. They had ten children. He died on 12 September 1687. John and Priscilla were buried in the Myles Standish Burial Ground in Duxbury, Massachusetts.

San José Province

San José is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the central part of the country. The provincial capital, and the national capital since 1823, is the city of San José.

The San José province borders with the Alajuela and Heredia provinces to the north, with the Cartago and Limón provinces to the east; and the Puntarenas to the south and the west.

San José is in the central part of the country. The province has an area of .

The main mountains in the province are Turrubares, Camora, Cangreja, Nara, Cerro de la Muerte, San Jerónimo and Las Vueltas.

Some of the rivers that flow through the province are Grande de Candelaria, Pirrís, Virilla, Naranjo, División, Chirripó, General y Pejibaye.

People from the province are known as "josefinos" (women:"josefinas").

The San José province had a population, in 2011, of 1,404,242 for a population density of inhabitants/km. The canton of San José, with 288,054 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in San José province

The San José province is divided in 20 cantons, which are divided into 124 Districts.

Frankie Stein (Monster High)

Frankie Stein is a fictional character on the television series "Monster High". They are the child of Frankenstein. The character is voiced by Kate Higgins. 

Frankie is 15 days old. They are clumsy, polite, and athletic, but a good friend. Frankie has black and white hair. Their body is made of stitches and bolts. They are the new ghoul at Monster High. Their best ghoul friends are Draculaura and Clawdeen wolf. When they are nervous their bolts begin to spark and give people a bit of a shock. 

Devourment

Devourment is an American death metal band from Dallas, Texas. 





Relapse Records

Relapse Records is an independent record label based in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania.

Supreme Director of Chile

The Supreme Director of Chile was the person in charge of Chile's government after its independence from Spain. Several juntas also ruled the country during this period. The title came before the President of Chile.


Limón y Sal

Limón y Sal ("Lemon and Salt") is the fourth studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas.


!scope="row"|Chile (IFPI Chile)
!scope="row"|Colombia (ASINCOL)

!scope="row"|Venezuela (APFV)

Sí (album)

Sí ("Yes") is the third album by the Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas. She co-produced the album with Cachorro López and Coti Sorokin.




Growth factor

A growth factor is something in the body that allows or deny cells to grow. These factors are normally made up of cell hormones or other proteins within the body. All growth factors occur naturally within cells and are necessary for the cell life progression and death. 

The first growth factor discovered and publicly recognized was in 1986. It was recognized in the form of a Nobel Prize. The award was given to Rita Levi-Montalcini and Stanley Cohen. 

Pope Gregory III

Pope Gregory III (; died 28 November 741) was an Syrian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 90th Pope from 11 February 731 to 28 November 741.

Gregory was born in Syria, but the date of his birth is not known. 

Gregory was elected pope in 731. During his reign, the issue of iconoclasm or image worship was an important controvery.

After the reign of Gregory III, there were no other non-European popes until Pope Francis in 2013.



King Kong vs. Godzilla

King Kong vs. Godzilla is a 1962 Japanese comedy-horror action adventure fantasy monster movie. It was produced by Toho Studios. It is the third "Godzilla" movie and first Japanese "King Kong" as well as a third movie of the series. It is the first time Godzilla and King Kong appear together in a movie, and the first time they appear in color. The movie involves Godzilla and King Kong fighting on Mount Fuji after King Kong fights a giant octopus and Godzilla attacks Japan.

The movie has the highest box office figures of any "Godzilla" movie. It sold 11.2 million tickets and made ¥350,000,000. The movie was produced as a part of Toho's 30th anniversary celebration. It was later released in the United States in the summer of 1963.

Cyclothymia

Cyclothymia is a mental illness characterized by mood swings - a mood disorder. The disease is a milder version of bipolar disorder. The mood swings are usually less extreme. Mood swings can be spontaneous, or triggered by an event. 

Cyclothymia is also an old name for bipolar disorder.

The Evening Star

The Evening Star is a 1996 romance comedy-drama movie. It is about a dysfunctional family in Houston, Texas. Shirley MacLaine plays Aurora Greenway, Juliette Lewis plays Melanie Horton and Miranda Richardson plays Patsy Carpenter. This movie was released on Christmas 1996 in the United States. It is a sequel to "Terms of Endearment" "The Evening Star" got negative reviews from critics. It performed poorly at the box office. The movie is set in the years between 1988 and 1993.

Being Julia

Being Julia is a 2004 romance drama movie. Annette Bening stars as Julia. This movie is set in 1938 in London, England. Its subjects are sarcasm, seduction and finding true love. The movie got positive reviews from the critics.

Rhode Island Sound

Rhode Island Sound is an area of sea off the coast of Rhode Island, New England. 


State Administration of Foreign Exchange

The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China is agency that controls foreign exchange market activities, and manages Chinese foreign exchange reserves valued at $3.2 trillion. The current director is Yi Gang.

SAFE's was kept in secret from world and its actions were often anonymous. In last decade the agency became so big it it had to come out from hiding and open up for media. SAFE is making a lot of investing on forex and commodity market. The head office is located in Bejing and it is closely connected to ruling party.

South Road

South Road (route A13, B23) is a major north–south road in Adelaide, South Australia. Also known as Main South Road, it is Adelaide's most important road. The road attracts multiple factories, industrial centers and businesses like Castle Plaza Shopping Centre (supermarket) and Toyota Dealership.
South Road is experienced serious traffic most of the day because of its importance as Adelaide's main road. Traffic has also increased recently because of the growth and development of Adelaide. There are plans for upgrades and improvements that will finish by 2020.

South Road is used mostly by people living in south parts of Adelaide. The road goes near city center where it ends.

Hemorrhoidolysis

Hemorrhoidolysis/Galvanic Electrotherapy is a treatment for hemorrhoids that is based on putting pressure with electrode on each hemorrhoid. This causes micro-shock that helps hemorrhoid to get back to norm. More than one hemorrhoid may be treated with each visit - the treatment lasts only a few minutes. The average hemorrhoid case will require only one treatment per hemorrhoid.

Cousins (movie)

Cousins is a 1989 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Joel Schumacher. It is about step-cousins who have an affair. It is a remake of French movie Cousin Cousine. The movie stars Ted Danson as Larry, Sean Young as Tish and Isabella Rossellini as Maria Hardy. This movie was released in February 1989. It got mixed to high reviews from critics.

Antonov An-24

Antonov An-24 is soviet built twin-engine transport aircraft. It is used by both airlines and air forces. It is a short takeoff and landing aircraft.

It is built under licence in China like Y-7. An-26 is a modernized variant.


Symphony No. 6 (Tchaikovsky)

The Symphony No. 6 in B minor, Op. 74 is a symphony for orchestra. It was written by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in 1893, and published the same year. The publisher choose the subtitle Pathétique. Tchaikovsky conducted the first performance on 28 October 1893. The work is celebrated for its march-like Scherzo, and its "limping" waltz finale with a 5/4 time signature.


Academic Festival Overture

The Academic Festival Overture, Op. 80 (1879) is an orchestral work by Johannes Brahms. On 11 March 1879, the University of Breslau in Poland awarded Brahms an honorary doctorate. He thanked them with this Overture. Brahms conducted the first performance in Breslau in 1881. The piece is written in modified sonata form for the largest orchestra among Brahms's 14 orchestral works. The music is based on four student drinking songs. 

Goldberg Variations

The Goldberg Variations (BWV 988) is a work for keyboard by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was written about 1741. The work consists of an aria and thirty variations. The aria was not original with Bach, but was probably based on a now lost French dance tune. The work is believed to have been commissioned by a pupil of Bach's named J. G. Goldberg. Goldberg was a celebrated virtuoso, and used the work to lull his insomniac employer Count Keyserkingk to sleep.

The basic harmonies and structure of the aria remain consistent from variation to variation. The work ends with a quodlibet, a humorous combination of two popular tunes. John Keillor writes, "The work is sublime and compassionate, graceful, warm, and relentlessly intricate, a demonstration of unmatched craft in music history and genuine, poetic imagination." In modern times, the work is played on both the harpsichord and the piano.

Later composers made adaptations of Bach's work. Among them, Josef Gabriel Rheinberger arranged a version for two pianos in the years 1880-1885. His idea was to change the work so that it could be played for a small audience in the host's home. This required major changes. In 1913, Max Reger revised this edition. He added indications on how it shood be played, and at what speed. In 1914, Ferruccio Busoni also revised the work, but he intended for it to be played in concert. He stated that it should be shortened, and that several repetitions were unnecessary. 


Witches' Sabbath

The term Witches' Sabbath was used to describe the belief that there were people, called witches, who regularly met for secret gatherings. The name is used for the gathering. One part of the name refers to the Sabbath, the day of rest in Judaism and other Abrahamic religions. The term was in common use in the Middle Ages. At that time, the Jews were shown as evil in many European countries. It was believed that the witches killed people in secret rituals or poisoned wells during the Witches Sabbath. From about the 14th century, the Holy Inquisition used this belief to organise pogroms against people it called heretics. The Catholic Church developed a whole set of ideas about witches. According to this theory, the Witches Sabbath is one of the five elements that characterize a witch. The other elements are witches' flight, a pact with the devil, the idea that they entered into a sexual relationship with the devil, and that they used black magic to harm people. The idea of a conspiracy theory was thematised more and more in the fifteenth century. People feared a secret society or sect of witches and warlocks (male witches) that would do harm. 

University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore

The University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore is the oldest engineering university in Pakistan. It is commonly known as UET Lahore.

A Midsummer Night's Dream Overture

A Midsummer Night's Dream Overture, Op. 21 is an orchestral work by Felix Mendelssohn. He wrote the work when he was 17 in 1827. Many years later, he wrote more music for Shakespeare's play. These additions include the famous "Wedding March". The fairies of the play are represented with light, skipping music, the lovers by romantic themes, and the workmen by clownish music. Bottom is represented by a drone bass that sounds like the bray (call) of a donkey.


Punched tape

Punched tape is a medium for data storage. It is made of a long strip with holes in it. The holes are used to represent information. The principle is the same as that of a punched card, except that the length is variable. Punched tape was widely used in the 1950s and 1960s, but was later replaced by other media. Punched tape was first used to program looms, in the 18th century. Similar looms are still used for weaving Tartans, but the punched tape is made of metal platelets today. Another use of punched tape is in barrel organs. 

20th century teleprinters also use punched tape. Herman Hollerith used punched tape for a census, in 1890. Gilbert Vernam, a telecommunication engineer developed the Vernam cipher in 1917. This cipher could be used with punched tape. Vernam combined a character of the punched tape, with one of a key, to give the encoded character. Combining the ecoded character with the key again gives the plain text. This is in fact an exclusive disjunction, even though Vernam used a different name. It was an automated one-time pad. The NSA has called this patent "perhaps one of the most important in the history of cryptography."

There are different formats for punching tapes. Today, two formats are left, which are mechanically compatible. One is used in Telex and early computing applications. The strip is wide, and has five positions, plus a row that serves for feeding, and is always punched. The feeding row is between positions three and four. Data positions use a quadratic raster of a width of . The other format is mainly used in computing. The strip is wide, and has eight positions. Like the other format, the feeding row is between holes three and four. Both formats save ten rows of data (or characters) on a length of . If the 5 position strip is put on top of the 8 position one, the first five holes (and the feeding row) have the same position. Thi means that a reader which is capable of reading 8-position tape can also read 5-position tape. There are devices which can output both formats.

It is possible to encode 256 different characters on an 8 hole tape, the five hole tape can hold 32 different characters. The Baudot code which is used for encoding has two special characters that allow to switch between two halves of a code. This means that the five position punchtape can encode 59 different characters.

Punched tape has some advantages:

Punched tape had gone out of use by the end of the 20th century, replaced by new technology for these reasons:

Missouri State University

The Missouri State University is a public university which is in Springfield, Missouri. The school started on March 17, 1905. In Autumn 2012, almost twenty-two thousand students were enrolled in this university.

Pope Francis

Pope Francis (Jorge Mario Bergoglio) (, , ; born on 17 December 1936) is the 266th and current pope of the Roman Catholic Church. He was elected on 13 March 2013. He chose the name Francis to honor St. Francis of Assisi.

Francis is the first Jesuit pope. He is also the first pope in more than a millennium who is not European. He is the first pope ever to come from the Americas, and the first from the Southern Hemisphere.

From 1998 until he was elected as the pope, Francis was the Archbishop of Buenos Aires. Throughout his life, both as an individual and a religious leader, he has been known for his humility, his concern for the poor, and his commitment to dialogue as a way to build bridges between people of all backgrounds, beliefs, and faiths. He has expressed concern about the effects of global warming (climate change). In his 2015 encyclical "Laudato si'" , he wrote about these issues, and others.

Since his election to the papacy, he has shown a simpler and less formal approach to the office, choosing to live in the Vatican guesthouse and not the papal residence.

Pope Francis was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was one of the children of Mario Bergoglio, an Italian railway accountant, and Regina Maria Bergoglio (née Sívori), a housewife.

He received a master's degree in philosophy and theology from the University of Buenos Aires. After that, he studied at the seminary in Villa Devoto. He entered the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits) on 11 March 1958.

Bergoglio became a member of the Society of Jesus in 1958. He was made a priest in 1969. In 1973, he was named "provincial" or head of the Jesuits in Argentina. In the mid-1980s, he began working on a doctoral degree at Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology in Frankfurt, Germany.

Pope John Paul II appointed Bergoglio the Archbishop of Buenos Aires in 1998. During the 2001 Consistory, Pope named Bergoglio as a Cardinal.
Pope Francis and Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani met on 6 March 2021 for at most 40 minutes, part of the time alone except for interpreters, in the Shiite cleric’s modest home in the city of Najaf. Every detail was scrutinized ahead of time in painstaking, behind-the-scenes preparations that touched on everything from shoes to seating arrangements. Pope Francis said in a statement that there should be "unity" between followers of different religions.

Cardinal Bergoglio was elected on 13 March 2013. He chose the name "Francis" to honor St. Francis of Assisi. Just after he was elected, Francis told a newspaper how he chose the new name:

""Let me tell you a story," he said. He then [explained] how during the conclave he had sat next to Cardinal Cláudio Hummes of Brazil, whom he called "a great friend." After the voting, Cardinal Hummes "hugged me, he kissed me and he said, 'Don't forget the poor!' And that word entered here," the pope said, pointing to his heart. "I thought of wars, while the voting continued, though all the votes," he said ... "And Francis is the man of peace. And that way the name came about, came into my heart: Francis of Assisi."" 

Despite both his parents being Italians, Francis is the first non-European pope since Pope Gregory III in the 8th century.

Pope Francis is the first pope to speak to a session of the United States Congress. He spoke there during his visit to the United States on 24 September 2015.

Personally, Pope Francis likes to read books by authors such as Friedrich Hölderlin, Jorge Luis Borges or Fyodor Dostoevsky. He likes to watch movies of Italian neorealism, and likes to go to the opera.

He is also interested in football. He is an active member of San Lorenzo de Almagro, which is one of the teams in the "Primera División" league.

In 2015, Pope Francis released a progressive rock album titled "Wake Up!".

When Bergoglio was a Cardinal, his views about the celibacy of priests were recorded in the book "On Heaven and Earth." The book is a record of conversations he had with a Buenos Aires rabbi. In this book, he said that celibacy "is a matter of discipline, not of faith. It can change." However, he added: "For the moment, I am in favor of maintaining celibacy, with all its [positive and negative parts], because we have ten centuries of good experiences rather than failures [...] Tradition has weight and validity."

He also said that "in the Byzantine, Ukrainian, Russian, and Greek Catholic Churches [...] the priests can be married, but the bishops have to be celibate". He said that many of those in Western Catholicism who are pushing for more discussion about the issue do so from a position of "pragmatism", based on a loss of manpower. He states that "If, hypothetically, Western Catholicism were to review the issue of celibacy, I think it would do so for cultural reasons (as in the East), not so much as a universal option." He emphasized that, in the meantime, the rule must be strictly followed, and any priest who cannot obey it "has to leave the ministry."

National Catholic Reporter Vatican analyst Thomas Reese, also a Jesuit, called Bergoglio's use of "conditional language" regarding the rule of celibacy "remarkable." He said that phrases like "for the moment" and "for now" are "not the kind of qualifications one normally hears when bishops and cardinals discuss celibacy."

Pope Francis supports the Catholic teaching that homosexual acts are immoral. However, he has said that gay people should be treated with respect. Bergoglio is against same-sex marriage. In 2011, he called it "the Devil's work".

Argentina considered legalizing same-sex marriage in 2010. At that time, Bergoglio was against this legislation. He called it a "real and dire anthropological throwback." In July 2010, while the law was under consideration, he wrote a letter to Argentina's cloistered nuns in which he said:
After "L'Osservatore Romano" reported this, several priests expressed their support for the law. Gay people believe that the church's opposition and Bergoglio's language actually helped the law get passed. They also think that Catholic officials reacted by taking a less harsh tone in later debates on social issues such as parental surrogacy.

On 29 July 2013, Pope Francis gave an interview to some journalists who were traveling with him. When asked if there should be gay priests, Pope Francis replied: Afterwards, when asked if women should become priests, Francis replied: 

Three days after being elected Pope, Pope Francis told thousands of news reporters:
"[Since] many of you do not belong to the Catholic Church, and others are not believers, I give this blessing from my heart, in silence, to each one of you, respecting the conscience of each one of you, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you."

It is very rare for a Pope to bless people who are not Catholics. By doing this, the Pope was showing that he accepted people who belonged to different religions.
In a speech on 20 March, Pope Francis said that some people do not follow any religion, but still search "for truth, goodness and beauty." He said these people are important allies in protecting human dignity; making peace; and caring for the Earth. This meant the Pope was saying atheists could be allies of the Catholic Church, instead of enemies.

In the same speech, the Pope said that Catholic and Jewish people are connected "by a most special spiritual bond." To Muslim leaders at the speech he said: "[To] Muslims, who worship God as one, living and merciful, and [call on] him in prayer... I greatly appreciate your presence ... [In] it, I see a ... sign of a will to grow in mutual esteem and in cooperation for the common good of humanity."

In September 2013, Francis wrote a letter that was published in "La Repubblica" newspaper. The letter said that atheists would be forgiven by God if they followed their consciences and did what they thought was right. The newspaper's editor, who is not a Catholic, wrote back with a list of questions. Francis wrote back:
"You ask me if the God of the Christians forgives those who don't believe and who don't seek the faith. I start by saying—and this is the [most important] thing—that God's mercy has no limits if you go to him with a sincere and [truly sorry] heart. The issue for those who do not believe in God is to obey their conscience. Sin, even for those who have no faith, exists when people disobey their conscience."

Francis was named 2013 Time Person of the Year in December 2013.



Woodforest National Bank

Woodforest National Bank is a privately held bank. It's headquarters are in The Woodlands, Texas. It has over 750 branches in 17 different states. Woodforest National bank is Walmart's largest retail partner. Woodforest has a few branches that are open 24 hours a day and 364 days of the year. Woodforest National Bank also partners with Sam's Club and Kroger in a few states.

Woodforest National Bank offers regular accounts. They also offer "second chance" checking accounts for customers who have not remained in good standing with ChexSystems. The "second chance" accounts have higher fees and a much longer probation period than PNC Bank as of March 2012. Woodforest National Bank also offers second chance accounts for both consumers and businesses. 


Graffiti Bridge

Graffiti Bridge is a 1990 drama movie. It is about musical and creative talents. This movie stars Prince and Tevin Campbell. It received terrible reviews from the movie critics. It was nominated for a few Razzie awards.

The Day After Tomorrow

The Day After Tomorrow is a 2004 American/Canadian science fiction disaster movie. It was produced and directed by Roland Emmerich. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was released in Mexico City on May 17, 2004, and worldwide from May 26 to May 28.

The movie follows a series of severe weather events that take place around the world as a result of global warming. Among these events:
These events cause global cooling, which eventually starts a new ice age.

The movie made $186,740,799 in North America and Canada, and $542,771,772 worldwide. It was inspired by the book "The Coming Global Superstorm", co-authored by Art Bell and Whitley Strieber.


Dartford

Dartford is the main town in the Borough of Dartford, Kent, in England. It is about 18 miles south-east of London, on the River Darent. It is today a commuter town for London, but it has been more important in the past.

In prehistoric times, the first people appeared in the Dartford area about 250,000 years ago. Archaeological investigations have uncovered important finds from the Stone Age, the Bronze Age and the Iron Age. Roman villas were built along the Darent Valley. During the medieval period Dartford was an important waypoint for travellers. 

Dartford was a crossing-point for the River Darent when the Romans colonised Britain. 

Ashford

Ashford may refer to:


Bad Company (1995 movie)

Bad Company is a suspense thriller from 1995. It is about murder plots, blackmails and romance. Ellen Barkin plays Margaret and Lawrence Fishburne plays Nelson Crowe. This movie got negative reviews from critics when it was released.

Carlos Luis Fallas

Carlos Luis Fallas Sibaja (January 21, 1909 – May 7, 1966), was known as Calufa. He was a Costa Rican author and political activist. He was born in Alajuela to a single mother. Fallas only finished the first two years of secondary school. He moved to Limón. There he worked in the banana plantations of the United Fruit Company. Later, he returned to Alajuela at the age of 22 and found work as a shoemaker.


Reynaldo Bignone

Reynaldo Benito Antonio Bignone (January 21, 1928 – March 7, 2018) was an Argentine general. He was the dictatorial President of Argentina from July 1, 1982 to December 10, 1983. In 2010, he was sentenced to 25 years in prison for his role in the kidnappings, torture, and murders of the Dirty War. Along with Omar Graffigna, he was one of the last two surviving members of the military dictatorship Juntas.

Bignone was born on January 21, 1928 in Morón, Buenos Aires, Argentina. He studied at the National War College. He was never married and had no children.

On April 20, 2010, Bignone was sentenced to 25 years in prison for his involvement in the kidnapping, torture and murder of 56 people, including guerrilla fighters, at the extermination center in the Campo de Mayo military complex.
On April 14, 2011, Reynaldo Bignone was sentenced to life in prison.

On December 29, 2011, Bignone received a further 15-year prison sentence for crimes against humanity. That was for setting up a secret torture center inside a hospital during the 1976 military coup.

On July 5, 2012, Bignone was sentenced to 15 years in prison. That was for his participation in a scheme to steal babies from parents detained by the military regime. According to the court decision, Bignone was an accomplice "in the crimes of theft, retention and hiding of minors, as well as replacing their identities."

Bignone died on March 7, 2018 at the military hospital in Buenos Aires from congestive heart failure caused by septic shock after suffering a broken hip at the age of 90.

HTTP 404

The 404 or Not Found is an HTTP error message meaning the web server could be contacted, but the file or webpage trying to be accessed could not be found. It appears when the URL clicked on was moved or renamed, or does not exist (as a result of deletion, for example). 

Memoirs of an Invisible Man

Memoirs of an Invisible Man is a 1992 comedy and suspense movie. It is about an invisible man. Chevy Chase plays the invisible man. Daryl Hannah plays Alice Monroe. This movie received negative reviews from the critics. It performed poorly at the box office.

Bar-Ilan University

Bar-Ilan University (BIU; ; "") is a public university in Ramat Gan. The university is intended mainly for moderate religious people.


Clock rate

The clock rate is the frequency at which a CPU is running. It is the rate in cycles per second (measured in hertz) or the frequency of the clock in any synchronous circuit. In general, many people think a higher clock speed means a faster processor, but other factors are also come into to picture. You can not compare its performance based on only clock speed. Depend upon the architecture design of the Processor, In some CPUs, a single instruction may be performed in a single clock cycle. For Example, An Intel Core i5 1st generation has a clock speed of 3.2 GHz and the latest Intel Core i5 10th generation has a clock speed of 1.6 GHz. Note: it is important to compare processors from the same brand and generation.

Elizabeth Fry

Elizabeth "Betsy" Fry (21 May 1780 – 12 October 1845), "née" Gurney, was an English prison reformer and social reformer. She was also a Quaker and a Christian philanthropist. She has sometimes been referred to as the "angel of prisons".

Fry was very important in the creation of legislation to make the treatment of prisoners more humane. She was supported in her efforts by the monarch at the time, Queen Victoria. She was especially interested in women and children. Fry also wrote a book about prisons in Scotland and Northern England. Since 2001, she has been shown on the Bank of England £5 note.

Fry was born in the Gurney court which is in Norwich, Norfolk. The Gurneys were a Quaker family. Her family home was called the Earlham Hall. This is now part of the University of East Anglia. John Gurney (her father) worked in the Gurney's Bank. Catherine (her mother) was part of the Barclay family. They were the founders of the Barclay's Bank. Elizabeth's mother died when she was only 12 years old.

Fry was one of the eldest girls in her family. After her mother died she helped take care of her younger brothers and sisters. 

Alajuela Province

Alajuela is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the north-central part of the country, bordering Nicaragua. The provincial capital is the city of Alajuela.

The Alajuela province borders the provinces of Heredia to the east, San José to the south, Puntarenas to the southwest and Guanacaste to the west. Nicaragua is to the north of the province.

Alajuela is the third largest province of Costa Rica, after the Puntarenas and Guanacaste provinces, with an area of .

The province is in the western part of the Central Valley and is crossed by the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range) and the volcanic "Cordillera de Guanacaste" ("Guanacaste mountain range). In the northern part, along the border with Nicaragua, are the plains of the San Carlos and Frío rivers.

Two of the most active Costa Rican volcanoes are in this province: the Poás, high, and the Arenal, high.

The people of the province are known as "Alajuelenses", both men and women.

The Alajuela province had a population, in 2011, of 848,146, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The canton of Alajuela, with 254,886 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Alajuela

The Alajuela province is divided in 15 cantons, which are divided into 113 Districts.

The main economic activity in the province is farming. In the southern part of the province, tropical ornamentals, coffee, tubers, and Leaf vegetables are the major crops. Toward the north and northeast, rice, corn, pineapple, bananas, and sugarcane are important crops.

There is also an important cattle raising industry in the province, mainly in the San Carlos canton.

Alajuela has attracted many export-orientated manufacturing companies, especially within the free trade zones around the municipality of Alajuela.

Nikita Filatov

Nikita Vasilyevich Filatov (; born May 25, 1990) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of Salavat Yulaev of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). Filatov was loaned to HC CSKA Moscow of the KHL by the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL) in December, 2011.


Poás Volcano National Park

Poás Volcano National Park, in Spanish , is a National Park in Costa Rica. The volcano is in the province of Alajuela. The main crater is deep and is active. There are frequent small geyser and lava eruptions. The last major eruptions were during 1952-54.

The park is frequently closed because of sulphur gas. Over the last decade there have been indications that the volcano is slowly building up for a new eruption.

Mr. Saturday Night

Mr. Saturday Night is a 1992 comedic-drama movie that puts a focus toward a comedian named Buddy. Billy Crystal, who also produced, wrote and directed, plays Buddy. Helen Hunt plays for Annie Wells. This was released on September 23, 1992 to theaters by Columbia Pictures. "Mr. Saturday Night" did not perform well in terms of critic reviews or the box office.

Pérez Zeledón (canton)

Pérez Zeledón is the name of the 19th canton of the province of San José in Costa Rica. The canton has an area of . It has a population of 134,534. The capital city of the canton is San Isidro de El General.

The canton's boundaries are made by Río Savegre river, Río Guabo river, and the coastal mountain ranges. The canton has the highest mountains peaks of the Cordillera de Talamanca (Talamanca Mountain Range) on the east. In the middle of the canton, the Río General river goes from north to south.

The canton of Pérez Zeledón is divided into 11 districts ("distritos"):


The canton of Pérez Zeledón was made 9 October 1931. It was granted 4 districts: Ureña, El General, Daniel Flores, and Rivas. Ureña was the capital.

At the end of the 19th century, between 1870 and 1899, there were a few families living in the El General valley. The hamlets "(Spanish: Caseríos)" of El General, Palmares, Rivas, and Ureña were populated from 1900 onward.

The "Caserío" of Ureña grew more. By 1911, during Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno's government, the Refuges of Ojo de Agua, El Cerro de la Muerte, and División were created. These refuges further advanced the growth of the region.

San Isidro de El General, Pérez Zeledón's capital, was given the title of "Ciudad Mártir". This was because of the civil war of 1948 that happened here.

Decree Nº274 gave the city its title. This decree established official recognition of the city's participation in the civil war of 1948. A section of the decree states (in Spanish):

Which in English would translate into:

Pérez Zeledón was also the location of major battles during the Costa Rican Civil War. One battle was the Battle of San Isidro de El General. It happened around 6:30 am. 200 government forces fought the rebels at the city's central park. The battle was won by José Figueres Ferrer and his rebels. This battle secured the southern pacific region of Costa Rica for the rebels.

The canton of Pérez Zeledón's economy is characterized by agriculture, livestock, trade, industry and tourism. One fact that has helped this economy is the canton's geographic location; it is a 'bridge' between Costa Rica's capital (San José) and the southern areas that border Panamá.

Important farming activities:


The first two products are the most important in the region.

Livestock activities are also important. Pigs and cattle being the most important. The cattle is used for meat and dairy products.

Commercial activities have also become important. There are important credit unions, banks, local companies, media, and various other companies of the San José operating in the canton.

Its main attraction is ecological diversity. There is the Chirripó National Park (one of the highest peak in Central America and the Caribbean).

Another park in the area is the Parque Internacional La Amistad.

The first elementary school in Pérez Zeledón was established during Ascensión Esquivel Ibarra's government (1902-1906). It was called Escuela Mixta de Ureña and was in the Ureña district, south of San Isidro de El General's central park. After the Costa Rican Civil War the school was moved to a new building. It currently has the name ""Escuela 12 de Marzo"", in honor of the start of the Costa Rican Civil War. It had just ended when the school was rebuilt at its current location.


San José (canton)

San José is the first canton of San José Province in Costa Rica. The capital of Costa Rica, San José, is in this canton The canton has an area of 44.62 km². In 2011, 288,054 people lived there.

Limón Province

Limón is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the eastern part of the country along the Caribbean Sea. The provincial capital is the city of Puerto Limón.

The Limón province borders the provinces of Heredia, Cartago and San José to the west, and Puntarenas province to the southwest. Nicaragua is to the north of the province, Panama to the south and the Caribbean Sea to the east.

Limón is the fourth largest province of Costa Rica, after the Puntarenas, Guanacaste and Alajuela provinces, with an area of . It has of the area of Costa Rica.

Most of territory of the province is flat land of low altitude but in the southwest is the "Cordillera de Talamanca" ("Talamaca mountain range") with the highest mountain of the country, the Cerro Chirripó, with an altitude of above sea level.

The main river of the province is the "Reventazón", the second longest river of the country after the Térraba; it is long.

Unlike the rest of Costa Rica, Limón has no dry-wet seasons. It rains all the year. The driest months are in September and October. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Puerto Limón is a "Tropical Rainforest Climate" and of the subtype "Af".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Puerto Limón is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is September with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Puerto Limón is . The warmest month, on average, is May with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 

The people of the province are known as "Limonenses", both men and women.

The Limón province had a population, in 2011, of 386,862, of the population of the country. Its population density was inhabitants/km. The canton of Pococí, with 125,962 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Limón

The Limón province is divided in 6 cantons, which are divided into 29 Districts.

The main economic activity in the province is farming, with plantations of banana, pineapple, cacao, pejibaye and other tropical crops.

In the province is the port of Moín, the most important in the country.

Limón

Puerto Limón is the capital city of Limón Province in Costa Rica. It is also a major Costa Rican port for exporting and importing. A part of the community has its roots in Jamaican laborers. They worked on the nineteenth-century railroad project. The railroad connected San José to Puerto Limón. Other parts of the population have their roots in the Nicaraguan, Panamanian, and Colombian turtle-hunters who settled in the city. 

Puerto Limon suffered the 1991 Limon Earthquake. This earthquake affected the city and the coastline.

The pirates Edward Mansvelt and his vice admiral Henry Morgan arrived at "Portete" in 1666. Portete is a small bay between Limón and Moín. They moved toward Cartago. It was the capital of Costa Rica at the time. The pirates were driven away by the inhabitants of Turrialba on 15 April. This pirate army left on 16 April and arrived in Portete on 23 April. They left Costa Rica and did not return again.

The town was officially created in 1854 by Philipp J. J. Valentini. He had the government's help.

Limón has a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen’s climate classification). Average temperatures are very constant all the year. The average is 25 degrees Celsius. Limón has no dry season. The driest month is September. It has an average of 160 mm of rain. The wettest month is December. It has an average of 400 mm of rain. Limon has 3,400 mm of rain annually. 

Bossier City, Louisiana

Bossier City is the seventh most populous city in the state of Louisiana. is in Bossier Parish, it is a inner suburb of Shreveport. The population, as of 2020, is less than 63,000.


Reuben sandwich

A Reuben sandwich is a type of hot sandwich. It has corned beef, Swiss cheese, Russian or Thousand Island dressing, and sauerkraut. It is made on rye bread.

Baconator

The Baconator is a sandwich made by Wendy's restaurants. It has two beef patties, two slices of American cheese, six strips of bacon, mayonnaise, and ketchup on a bun. It was introduced in April 2007. In 2009, Wendy's started offering two other versions of the Baconator: the Baconator Single (one patty) and the Baconator Triple (three patties). The original version is now called the Baconator Double. Wendy’s also has Baconator Fries, Baconator Breakfast, and Son of Baconator. The last one on that list is a smaller version of the same sandwich.

Artemisia (genus)

Artemisia is a large genus of plants, with between 250 and 500 species. Most of them grow in temperate zones on the northern hemisphere. The genus belons to the family Asteraceae. Example species in aremisia are mugwort ("A. vulgaris"), Wormwood, or Sagebrush.

University of Wollongong

The University of Wollongong (also simply known as UOW) is a public research university in Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia. In 2012, the University had a total of 30,516 domestic students enrolled, and 11,440 international students enrolled from more than 140 countries. In 2014, over 37,000 students are studying in the University, including over 11,600 international students.

The University of Wollongong marked the University's 60th Founding Anniversary in 2011.

The University has five campuses and four education centres:






All-Russia Exhibition Centre

The All-Russia Exhibition Centre ( — called also: "All-Russian Exhibition Center"), or Exhibition of Achievements of National Economy is one of the largest exhibition centers in the world. The center is in Moscow, Russia and was opened in 1935 as a Soviet exhibition center.


Nobody's Fool (1994 movie)

Nobody's Fool is a 1994 American comedy-drama movie. The movie takes place in a fictional town in New York. It stars Paul Newman. Jessica Tandy, Melanie Griffith, Bruce Willis are also members of the cast. "Nobody's Fool" was released to very good review by critics. It also did well at the box office.

Daphne Blake

Daphne Blake is a fictional character from "Scooby-Doo". She is a cheerful and high-spirited girl who usually enjoys a sense of fashion. Daphne has a crush on Fred Jones. Daphne was played by Indira Stefanianna in the original show and later by Heather North. Kellie Martin played her in A Pup Named Scooby-Doo. Since 2001, she was voiced by Grey DeLisle. Sarah Michelle Gellar played her in the live action Scooby Doo movies. Constance Wu played Daphne in Velma. 

Toccata and Fugue in D minor

The Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565 is a work for organ by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was written about 1708. It is often identified with melodramatic silent movies and scary movies, and was made famous when Walt Disney included the music in his animated movie "Fantasia". Today, though, the original manuscript is lost and the work is known through copies made by Bach's students.

"Toccata" has been referenced many times throughout popular culture. It is often used to represent fright, mystery, or the macabre, possibly due being written in a minor key.


Shaggy Rogers (Scooby-Doo)

Norville "Shaggy" Rogers is a fictional character from "Scooby-Doo". Shaggy is best friends with his dog Scooby Doo. Shaggy likes to eat a lot of food and gets scared easily and is known for saying his catchphrase, "Zoinks". 

Shaggy has been voiced by Casey Kasem and Matthew Lillard, with the latter reprising his role from the two Raja Gosnell movies. Will Forte roles the voice of Shaggy in CGI animated film "Scoob!".

Various internet memes portray Shaggy as a god who uses a low percentage of his power after eating Scooby Snacks. Matthew Lillard thought the Ultra Instinct Shaggy memes were funny and loved them.

Zachary Levi

Zachary Levi Pugh known as Zachary Levi, (born September 29, 1980) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Chuck Bartowski in the television series "Chuck" and Captain Marvel in "Shazam!" and its upcoming sequel "Shazam! Fury of the Gods". He has also acted in "" and "Tangled". Levi was born in Lake Charles, Louisiana. 

Levi played Captain Marvel in the 2019 DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!"

The Crossing Guard

The Crossing Guard is an independent 1995 American drama movie. Jack Nicholson plays Freddy. Anjelica Huston plays Mary. They are a divorced couple whose daughter was killed by a drunk driver. When Freddy finds out that the man who killed his daughter has been released from prison, he decides to kill him. This movie was released in November 1995. It got very positive marks from the critics.

Law &amp; Order

Law & Order is an American television show and it originally aired on NBC from September 13, 1990 to May 24, 2010. It is a police procedural and legal drama. It's the longest primetime crime drama show in America. Season 0 (Pre-1) (Pilot) could've been aired in 1988. A revival was aired in 2022.

Many of the crimes in the episodes were "ripped from the headlines", meaning they were based on crimes that really happened. Episodes of the show were usually split into two parts. The first part would show the crime, the police looking for the suspect (the person they think did the crime), and the suspect being arrested. This is the "Law" part. The second part, the "Order" part, would show the trial and whether or not the suspect did the crime.


Yeshiva

A yeshiva is a Jewish place of education. It is focused on study of the Torah and Talmud.



Helium-4

Helium-4 (also written He) is an isotope of helium. It is the most common isotope of helium in the universe. Out of all the helium on the Earth, 99.99986% is helium-4. The nucleus (the center) of a helium-4 atom is also known as the alpha particle. Helium-4 is made of 2 protons (the part of an atomic nucleus with a positive charge), 2 neutrons (the part of an atomic nucleus with no charge) and 2 electrons (the part of an atom that goes around the nucleus with a negative charge).

Many helium-4 on Earth is produced from the alpha decay of heavy elements. In the Sun and the whole universe, most helium-4 is made during the Big Bang, the event that created the universe. This "Big Bang helium-4" is known as the "primordial helium". Helium-4 is also made in nuclear fusion at the center of stars. Primordial helium is not found on Earth due to it escaping because of the extremely high temperature of Earths creation.
Helium-4 on Earth was made through radioactive decay (when an atom breaks down into smaller atoms) from other elements, and it is made after the planet cooled and became solid.

One quarter of all the mass in the Universe is helium-4. The rest is mostly hydrogen.

When helium-4 in its liquid form is cooled to below -271.17 °C (2.71 K), it turns into a superfluid. A superfluid is a special kind of fluid that has properties that are different from normal fluids. For example, if helium-4 as a superfluid is placed in an open container, it will climb the walls of the container and spill out. This is called a "Rollin film". It is caused by a phenomenon in quantum mechanics that is known as the Clausius-Clapeyron relation. The nucleus of helium-4 has a total spin of zero (an integer), and this makes it a boson. Now, the superfluid behaviour is a form of the Bose-Einstein condensate that can only be done by bosons.

Helium-4 can also be found on the Moon. On Earth, it is the most common isotope of helium.

William H. Webster

William Hedgcock Webster (born March 6, 1924) is an American attorney, jurist, and current Chairman of the Homeland Security Advisory Council. Previously Webster was the third Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from 1978 to 1987 and Director of Central Intelligence from 1987 to 1991.

Webster was born on March 6, 1924 in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at Amherst College and at Washington University in St. Louis. Webster was married to Drusilla Lane Webster from 1950 until her death in 1984. They had three children. He married Lynda Clugston in 1990. He now lives in Washington, D.C..

Brent Scowcroft

Brent Scowcroft (March 19, 1925 – August 6, 2020) was a United States Air Force Lieutenant General. He was the United States National Security Advisor under U.S. Presidents Gerald Ford and George H. W. Bush.

Scowcroft was born on March 19, 1925 in Ogden, Utah. He studied at Columbia University. Scowcroft married to Marian Horner in 1951. They had one daughter.

Scowcroft died on August 6, 2020 at his home in Falls Church, Virginia at the age of 95.


Ramallah

Ramallah ( "Rāmallāh" is a Palestinian city, in the West Bank. It is north of Jerusalem. It currently serves as the "de facto" capital of the State of Palestine, Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian National Authority. The constitutional capital is Jerusalem. Ramallah has over 27,000 people living there. Ramallah was historically a Christian town, but today Muslims form the majority of the population, with 25% of the people Christians.

The name of the city is made of "Ram", an Aramaic word that means "high place or mountain", and "Allah", the Arabic word for God. It translates as "Height of God".

Palestinian PLO leader (1969-2004) Yasser Arafat is entombed here in mausoleum.


Kiss of Death (1995 movie)

Kiss of Death is a 1995 suspense-thriller movie. A former convict living in New York City tries to go straight. He is derailed when he gets into transportation of stolen cars. Samuel L. Jackson plays Detective Calvin, Helen Hunt plays Bev Kilmartin, David Caruso plays ex-con Jimmy Kilmartin and Nicolas Cage plays Little Junior Brown. This movie was released in April 1995 and received mixed reviews from the critics.

Maximum and minimum

In mathematics, the maximum and minimum of a set A is the largest and smallest element of A. They are written as formula_1 and formula_2, respectively. Similarly, the maximum and minimum of a function are the largest and smallest value that the function takes at a given point. Together, they are known as the extrema (the plural of extremum).

Minimum means the least you can do of something. For example, if the minimum amount of dollars you must pay for something is seven, then you cannot pay six dollars or less (you must pay at least seven). You can do more than the minimum, but no less. Maximum means the most you can have of something. For example, if the maximum amount of oranges you can juggle is five, you cannot juggle more than five oranges. You can do the maximum or less.

For a differentiable function formula_3, if formula_4 is an extreme value for the set of all values formula_5, and if formula_6 is in the interior of the domain of formula_3, then formula_6 is a critical point, by Fermat's theorem.


Alexandria, Louisiana

Alexandria is a city in the state of Louisiana. It it the largest city in the Central Louisiana region, ninth-largest in the state and parish seat of Rapides Parish. Alexandria was incorporated in 1818. In 2020, about 45,000 people lived there.

Disclosure (movie)

Disclosure is a 1994 American drama thriller movie starring Michael Douglas and Demi Moore. It is about sexual harassment, lies and corporate matters. The movie was released in December 1994 and got mixed reviews by critics, though it performed well at the box office.

Stall

Stall may refer to:



Michael Rapaport

Michael Rapaport (born March 20, 1970 in New York City) is an American comedian and actor. He works mostly in movies. He played a racist skinhead in the movie "Higher Learning". He played Paul in "Beautiful Girls". He has also worked in television programs.

Jagged Edge (movie)

Jagged Edge is a 1985 American courtroom drama thriller movie set in San Francisco. It is about manipulation, lies and murder. Jeff Bridges stars. Glenn Close plays Teddy Barnes. This movie did well at the box office.

Self Control

"Self Control" is an international song performed by Laura Branigan and released in 1984. The song has been remade many times, the most notable is by Ricky Martin. The single has been performed through other musicians over the years.

Costa Rican people

Costa Ricans, ("costarricenses" in Spanish) are also called ticos. They are from a multiethnic Spanish speaking nation in Central America. It is called Costa Rica. Costa Ricans do not consider their nationality one ethnicity. This is because there are many ethnic backgrounds. Costa Ricans are mostly criollos, castizos and mestizos. There are four small minority groups: Mulattos, Blacks, Amerindians and Asians.

The 2011 Census states Costa Rica has a population of 4,301,712 people.

Tarrazú (canton)

Tarrazú is the name of the 5th canton of San José Province in Costa Rica. The canton has an area of 297.50 km².

The canton of Tarrazú is divided in three districts ("distritos"):


Red Dawn (1984 movie)

Red Dawn is a 1984 American war action movie. It was released in August 1984 with both good and bad reviews. It starred Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, Charlie Sheen and Jennifer Grey. The film is set in an alternative 1980s in which the United States is invaded by the Soviet Union and its Cuban and Nicaraguan allies. World War III is mentioned in the movie, but is not fully explained. The story follows a group of American high school students who resist the occupation with guerrilla warfare, calling themselves Wolverines, after their high school mascot. The movie was the first to use a rating of PG-13. The movie did very well at the box office.


Pope Callixtus I

Pope Saint Callixtus I or Callistus I (217-222 C.E.) was the sixteenth Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome of the Catholic Church, during the reigns of the Roman Emperors Elagabalus and Alexander Severus. He is considered a saint of the Roman Catholic Church.

He was a slave of a Christian who had educated him. He went into business but the business failed. After some trouble, he was sent to the mines in Sardinia but was freed due to the efforts of Pope Victor I. Callistus went to work for Pope Zephrynus and became a great influence upon him.

He was a very unpopular pope to the theologians of the day.

His tomb was discovered in 1960 in the cemetary of Calepodius and can be seen even today. His feast day is celebrated on October 14.

Pope Callixtus II

Calixtus II (or Calistus II) (died 13 December 1124), born Guy de Burgundy, the fourth son of William I, Count of Burgundy, was elected Pope on 1 February 1119 after the death of Pope Gelasius II. His pontificate was shaped by the Investiture Controversy, which he was able to settle through the Concordat of Worms (in 1122).

Lolita Davidovich

Lolita Davidovich (born 15 July 1961) is a Canadian actress. She has had many notable movie roles. She played Blaze Starr in the 1989 movie "Blaze". She was in the 1991 movie "JFK". She also acted in the television series "The L Word". Davidovich was born near London, Ontario.


Virtual International Authority File

The Virtual International Authority File (VIAF) is a joint project of several national libraries and operated by the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC).

In 1998, the project was started by the German National Library and the U.S. Library of Congress.

In 2003, VIAF was established.

The file numbers are being added to some Wikipedia articles about people.


Guarding Tess

Guarding Tess is a 1994 American suspense-comedy with its subject revolving around a United States Secret Service agent whose job is to protect a former First Lady. Nicolas Cage plays as Secret Service Agent Doug, and Shirley MacLaine plays former First Lady Tess Carlisle. The movie also stars Edward Albert as Barry Carlisle and Richard Griffiths as Frederick. This suspense-comedy was released March 11, 1994, and received very positive reviews from the critics.

Moscow Center of SPARC Technologies (MCST)

MCST () is a microprocessor company that was set up in the 1992s. Different types of processors made by MCST were used in personal computers, servers and computing systems.

MCST develops microprocessors based on 2 different instruction set architecture (ISA): "Elbrus" and "SPARC"



Mega Man 10

Mega Man 10 is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Wii's WiiWare service, Xbox Live Arcade, and Playstation Network. It is the sequel to "Mega Man 9". Like "Mega Man 9", it has the same graphics as the Nintendo Entertainment System "Mega Man" games. It was released during March 2010.

In "Mega Man 10", players can play as one of two characters. They can play as Mega Man or Proto Man. In April 2010, Capcom released download content for the game which makes a third character, Bass, playable as well. The player chooses their character at the start of the game. Once they select their character, it cannot be changed.

Like in "Mega Man 10", three difficulty settings are available. In higher difficulties, enemies and bosses have different attacks. Easy Mode is available for players who want an easier game.

Mega Man: Dr. Wily's Revenge

Mega Man: Dr. Wily's Revenge is a platform video game by Capcom for the Game Boy game console in 1991. It is the first "Mega Man" video game for a handheld video game console. It was re-released for the Virtual Console on the Nintendo 3DS in 2011.

Mega Man Xtreme

Mega Man Xtreme is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Game Boy Color game console in 2000. It is a spin-off game in the "Mega Man X" series which started on the Super NES. It was followed by a sequel, "Mega Man Xtreme 2", in 2001.

The game has three difficulty levels. Normal has four levels, Hard has four different levels, and Xtreme has all eight levels. Stages, enemies, bosses, and music from "Mega Man X" and "Mega Man X2" are re-used in the game.

Kiss of Death

Kiss of Death may refer to:





Classic NES Series

The Classic NES Series (Famicom Mini in Japan and NES Classics in Europe and Australia) are a series of video games originally released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (the Famicom in Japan) re-released for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 and 2005. They were released for the 20th anniversary of the Famicom in Japan. 12 games were released in the United States, Europe, and Australia, while 30 games were released in Japan. The games released include "Super Mario Bros.", "The Legend of Zelda", and "Pac-Man". A special Game Boy Advance SP which looks like a NES controller was released to go along with the games.

Quadrangular space

The quadrangular space is an area in the arm. It is between the following:

The axillary nerve and posterior humeral circumflex artery are in the space.

Leonardo De Lorenzo

Leonardo De Lorenzo (29 August 1875 – 29 July 1962) was an Italian flautist, composer and music educator. 

De Lorenzo was born in Viggiano, province of Potenza. He studied flute at Naples. He emigrated to the United States in 1909. He performed with many American orchestras. From 1923 to 1935, he taught flute at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York. He died in Santa Barbara, California.

Malachi Throne

Malachi Throne (December 1, 1928 – March 13, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as False-Face in "Batman" and as Noah Bain in "It Takes a Thief". He had a small role in Steven Spielberg's 2002 movie "Catch Me If You Can".

Throne was born on December 1, 1928 in New York City, New York. He studied at Brooklyn College. His acting career began when he was ten years old. 

Throne was married to Judith Merians from 1965 until they divorced in 1992. They had two children. Then he was married to Marjorie Throne from 1992 until his death in 2013. 

Throne died on March 13, 2013 in his home in Brentwood, Los Angeles, California from lung cancer, aged 84.His remains were cremated. 


Bel-Air

Bel Air (or Bel-Air) is a neighborhood in the Los Angeles Westside, in the foothills of the Santa Monica Mountains. It was founded in 1923. It is a lightly populated residential district. The people are older, well-educated, and have high incomes.

Urinary system

The urinary system (the urinary tract) is a system of organs that makes urine/pee and takes it out of the body. 

Urine is watery waste of the body. Our body needs to collect this waste and get rid of it. Our body makes urine in two organs - the kidneys. To make urine, kidneys filter blood from blood vessels. 

The urinary includes several organs: the kidneys, ureters, the urinary bladder, and urethra.

The kidneys remove waste chemicals like urea from the blood. The blood containing chemical wastes enters the kidneys through the renal arteries. The blood is processed through the nephron to make urine. Urine is yellow liquid with waste chemicals in it.

Then the urine goes down from the kidneys to the urinary bladder. It goes to it through two tubes - one tube from each kidney. The tubes are called ureters. 

The urinary bladder is a soft container. It has muscles. Its muscles can make it bigger or smaller. It becomes bigger when it is full of urine. At such times we feel it, and we have to pee.

There is one tube that goes out of the urinary bladder. This tube lets the urine out of the body. This tube is the urethra. It is the only urinary organ different in men and women. 

In women the urethra is shorter and wider inside. Its outer end is between a woman's legs. It opens on her outer sex organs (vulva). A woman's urethra serves only to pass urine.

In men the urethra is longer. It serves two functions. As a part of urinary system, it pased urine out of the body. As a part of reproductive system it passes seminal liquid. This liquid has in it male sex cells. These cells are called sperm cells. Sperm cells are made in the male sex glands - testes. The liquid with cells forms in another gland. This gland is below the bladder. This gland is called the prostate. The male urethra passes through the prostate and goes on through another organ. This male organ is a tube with the urethra. This tube is on the front of a man's body below the abdomen. This tube is called the penis. 

Women do not have it. To have sex and make babies, the penis goes into a women's wider tube, which is called the vagina. It does not pass urine: women's urethra goes in front of the vagina. Men get orgasms from their penis. Women have orgasms from their vagina and clitoris. Clitoris is an organ in women for orgasm only. It is much smaller than a penis. The women's urethra is not in the clitoris, but behind it. 

The urinary system is linked to the sex organs of men and women. Sex organs are called genitals. Genitals and the urinary system make the genitourinary or urogenital system. Its organs are male or female; internal (inside) or external (outside the body).
Passing urine outside is called urination.

TA medical science on the urinary system is urology. Medical doctors in urology are urologists. Women with urinary problems can also go to a gynecologist. Men's sex organs are checked by urologists andrologists. 

Bachelor Party (1984 movie)

Bachelor Party is a 1984 American comedy movie. It is about a school bus driver and a bachelor party thrown for him. Tom Hanks plays Rick Gassko, the bus driver. This movie got mixed to negative reviews from critics.

Death and the Maiden (movie)

Death and the Maiden is a 1994 drama movie. It was directed by Roman Polanski. The movie is based on the play by Ariel Dorfman. It starred Sigourney Weaver, Ben Kingsley and Stuart Wilson. The movie was released in December 1994.



Irish music

Irish music is the music of Ireland. Ireland shares folk music traditions with other Celtic nations such as Scotland, but many of its more modern artists such as U2, Sinead O' Conner, Thin Lizzy, The Corrs, Clannad, Enya, Snow Patrol and The Cranberries are also internationally famous.


Sinéad O'Connor

Sinéad Marie Bernadette O'Connor (8 December 1966 – 26 July 2023) was an Irish singer-songwriter. She was perhaps most famous for performing the 1990 Prince song "Nothing Compares 2 U" which was nominated for three Grammy Awards. In 1991, she refused her Grammy Award for Best Alternative Album.
On 11 June 1992 she met Craig Fraser at a bar in Tintagel, Cornwall. They were an item until September 1992 when Fraser's alcohol abuse stripped away their relationship.
On 3 October 1992, O'Connor appeared on "Saturday Night Live" as a musical guest. She sang an a cappella version of Bob Marley's "War". She meant it as a protest against sexual abuse of children in the Catholic Church. She then showed a photo of Pope John Paul II to the camera while singing the word "evil", after which she ripped the photo into pieces and threw the pieces towards the camera. This happened nine years before John Paul II said that there was sexual abuse within the Church.

She was an Independent Catholic priest, rejecting the authority of Rome. She was openly bisexual, and had four children, each by a different father. All her four marriages ended in divorce. She was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 2005. 

She released nine studio albums. Her last album, "How About I Be Me (And You Be You)? "was released in 2012. She released the second single from it, "4th and Vine" in February 2013.

In October 2018, O'Connor she had converted to Islam, calling it "the natural conclusion of any intelligent theologian's journey." She changed her name to Shuhada' Sadaqat.

O'Connor died on 26 July 2023 at her home in Herne Hill, London at the age of 56.


Benigno Aquino Jr.

Benigno Simeon "Ninoy" Aquino, Jr. was a Filipino senator and a former Governor of Tarlac.

Benigno Simeon Aquino, Jr. was born on November 27, 1932 to Benigno Aquino, Sr..

Aquino, Gerry Roxas and Jovito Salonga formed the leadership of the opposition to the government of President Ferdinand Marcos. Shortly after that, he was arrested in 1973 for seven years. Aquino was allowed to travel to the United States for medical treatment following a heart attack.

Aquino was shot to death at the Manila International Airport in 1983 upon returning from his self-imposed exile because of the Martial Law of Ferdinand Marcos.

His death caused his widow, Corazon Aquino, to run for President in 1986, resulting overthrow of the dictator Ferdinand Marcos. She is the first female president to hold the office and the 11th President of the Philippines.

In 1987, Manila International Airport (MIA) was renamed to Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) through Republic Act No. 6639 which was enacted without executive approval on November 27, 1987.

Their only son, Benigno Aquino III, became president in 2010 to 2016.

Steve Lillywhite

Stephen Alan "Steve" Lillywhite, (born 15 March 1955) is an English record producer. He is a five-time Grammy Award winner. He was born in Egham, Surrey. He is best known for his work with U2. He produced their first three albums, "Boy", "October" and "War". He has worked with many other artists including The Rolling Stones, Dave Matthews Band, Bruce Foxton (of The Jam), Big Country, Peter Gabriel, Talking Heads, Morrissey, Thirty Seconds to Mars, The Killers, The Pogues, David Byrne, XTC, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Simple Minds, The Psychedelic Furs, Beady Eye, Phish, Counting Crows and Joan Armatrading. 

Lillywhite was married to singer Kirsty MacColl from 1984 to 1994. They had two sons, Jamie and Louis. He has been married to Patricia Louise Galluzzi since 29 May 2004.

Lillywhite was awarded the Commander of the Order of The British Empire (CBE) in 2012 for his contributions to music.

Tarlac

Tarlac () is a landlocked province of the Philippines in Central Luzon. Tarlac is surrounded by Pampanga at the south, Nueva Ecija at the east, Pangasinan at the north and Zambales at the west. It is a part of Central Luzon. Tarlac is populated by 1,273,240 people as of 2010.


Crooklyn

Crooklyn is a 1994 semi-autobiographic drama movie. It was directed by Spike Lee. He also wrote the movie and acted in it. The movie takes place in the 1970s in Brooklyn, New York. The stars Alfre Woodard, Delroy Lindo, David Patrick Kelly, and Zelda Harris. "Crooklyn" was released in May 1994 and did well at the box office.

Mixed Nuts

Mixed Nuts is a 1994 Christmas comedy movie. It is about incidents during the holiday season. Juliette Lewis, Madeline Kahn and Parker Posey are in the cast. This was released on December 21, 1994 for the United States. The movie received very bad reviews from critics. It did not make much money.

Corazon Aquino

Maria Corazon Sumulong "Cory" Cojuangco-Aquino (January 25, 1933 – August 1, 2009) was a Filipina politician who was the 11th President of the Philippines, the first woman to hold that office, and the first female president in Asia. She is known as ""The Mother of Philippine Democracy"". She led the 1986 People Power Revolution, which fled Ferdinand Marcos and restored democracy in the Philippines. She was named "Time" magazine's ""Woman of the Year"" in 1986.

Her husband was Benigno Aquino, Jr., a Filipino senator. She is the mother of Benigno Aquino III, the previous President of the Philippines.

She was born on January 25, 1933.

She was a very important figure in the People Power Revolution.

Aquino was diagnosed with cancer in March 24, 2008.

She died on August 1, 2009 at the age of 76 of colorectal cancer.


Turhan Bey

Turhan Bey (30 March 1922 – 30 September 2012) was an Austrian born actor. Bey was active in Hollywood from 1941 to 1953. Bey was born as Gilbert Selahettin Shahultavey. He was the son of Turhan Bey a Turkish Diplomat and of Irma Meyer a Czech Jewish lady. In 1930, he moved to the United States. There he studied with Ben Ard at the School of Dramatic Art and at the Pasadena Playhouse. 

Bey began using his stage name soon after moving to the United States. He moved with his Jewish mother from Vienna to escape the Nazis. His popular nickname was "The Turkish Delight". This was a reference to his good looks that made him an very good partner for exotic actresses such as Maria Montez movies set in faraway places.

He began his career in Hollywood in 1941. He became one of the actors who almost always appeared in the Universal movies with Maria Montez. The movies he appeared with her include "Raiders of the Desert", "Bombay Clipper", "Arabian Nights", "White Savage", "Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves", "Follow the Boys" and "Bowery to Broadway".

Bey acted with the big stars of that time in movies such as "A Night in Paradise", "Out of the Blue", and "The Amazing Mr. X" until the popularity of the genre lessened in the 1950s. 

Bey moved back to Vienna and worked as a photographer. He did some work as a stage director, and also one of the founder of the Pro Circumcision Group "Eurocirc". He returned to Hollywood for a short time in the 1990s. During this time, he worked on both television and movies. He was nominated for an Emmy Award for his work as Turval on the space fantasy TV series "Babylon 5".

Turhan Bey died in Vienna on September 30, 2012 after being ill with Parkinson's disease for a long time. He was cremated on October 8, 2012. 

Cadillac Man

Cadillac Man is a 1990 comedy movie. It was directed by Roger Donaldson. The movie stars Robin Williams and Tim Robbins. The movie is about the problems of a car salesman in New York City. These problems include his wife wanting alimony, his two mistresses, his missing daughter and money owed to the Mafia. The movie was released in May 1990.

Bures, England

Bures is a village in England. Some of it is in Suffolk and some is in Essex. Bures was listed in the Domesday Book as "Bura"/"Buro". It has a church called St Mary.

Pacific Heights (movie)

Pacific Heights is a melodramatic 1990 suspense drama movie. It is about apartment tenants who are at first welcomed, but later evicted and forced to leave the apartment. Michael Keaton, Melanie Griffith and Laurie Metcalf are in the cast. This movie was released in September 1990, and the reviews were mixed. However, the movie performed very well at the box office, earning back almost $45 million.

Aldham, Essex

Aldham is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2011 there were 491 people living in Aldham. It has a church called St Margaret.

Mount Bures

Mount Bures is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. It is above the River Stour, north-west from Colchester and south-east of Sudbury.

Mount Bures takes its name from the "Mount" or "Mound" which is at the centre of the village, and "bur" which means building or dwelling. Mount Bures was previously called Bures Saint John, Little Bures or Bures Sackville to distinguish it from Bures Hamlet and Bures Saint Mary.

The railway opened in 1848 and runs through the centre of the village. The nearest railway station is at Bures Hamlet. The village has a church called St John's Baptist Church. It is close to the mount.

The parish has no main focus of settlement, but many scattered small settlements around tyes or greens; for example, Downing Tye, Mount Green, Janks Green, and Piotts Green. In 2011, there were 249 people living in Mount Bures.

Mount Bures has a rich historical background in relation to the Boudiccan revolt. The "motte" (mound) of Mount Bures is most commonly recognised as Boudicca’s Mount; due to the ideology that the queen’s warriors were buried here.

Bookmaker

A bookmaker, bookie or Turf Accountant is person or company that collect bets for sporting events. Bets are placed and the winnings are paid when the chosen team wins or the event happens. If team that was chosen wins, the person betting will win their money back with some earnings.

Bookmakers are very popular in UK and Ireland. The person betting can chose from many variations. Most bets are made in sports such as football, horse racing and rugby. Bets can also be placed for events such as Academy Awards or presidential winners. The first known bookmaker in the United Kingdom was Harry Ogden in the1790s.

Origen

Origen (or Origenes, also Origen(es) Adamantius) was an early Christian scholar. He lived in Alexandria in the 3rd century. He was born in the year 185 or 186, and proably died around the year 254. Today, he is regarded as one of the Church Fathers, but not as a Saint. This is probably because he had some ideas, which were declared to be false later on. These ideas included that the human soul existed before conception, and entered the human body before birth (generally known as pre-existence). Another idea was that of the souls entering a different human body after death. A third idea, called Apocatastasis, is that the reign of god would be restored when the world ends. These ideas were discussed by church fathers, but it was decided that they were false beliefs. The Ecumenical Council of Constantinople in 453 CE posthumously excommunicated Origen, and the 2nd Council of Constantinople in 553 CE declared "apocatastasis" as heresy. However, in recent years the idea has found some reconsideration especially among Restorationist Christian groups.

His writings are included in the general collection of early Church Fathers. However, unlike many church fathers, Origen was never canonized by the Catholic Church, because some of his teachings (for example, that every man and woman, and even the devil and his demons, would ultimately be saved) directly contradicted the teachings and actions of the apostles.

Origen wrote about many branches of theology, including textual criticism, biblical exegesis and hermeneutics, philosophical theology, preaching, and spirituality. Some of his teachings, however, quickly became controversial. Notably, he frequently referred to his hypothesis of the pre-existence of souls. In the beginning all intelligent beings were united to God. In his writingas, Origen also considered the possibility, that in the end all beings, perhaps even the arch-fiend Satan, would be reconciled with God in what is called the apokatastasis ("restitution"). 

Origen saw the Son of God as subordinate to God the Father. Even though this view of the Trinity was common at the time, it became controversial during the Arian controversy of the fourth century. A group who came to be known as Origenists, and who firmly believed in the preexistence of souls and the apokatastasis, were declared anathema in the 6th century. This condemnation is attributed to the Second Ecumenical Council of Constantinople (553), though it does not appear in the council's official documents.

Angels &amp; Insects

Angels & Insects is a 1995 romantic drama movie. The movie stars Mark Rylance, Kristin Scott Thomas and Patsy Kensit. It got good reviews from the critics.

Before Sunrise

Before Sunrise is a 1995 romantic drama movie. The movie stars Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy. In the movie, a man named Jesse (Hawke) and a woman named Celine (Delpy) meet on a train and get off the train in Vienna. A romantic encounter begins from there. "Before Sunrise" was released January 27, 1995. It was very well liked by critics.

It was followed by sequels "Before Sunset" and "Before Midnight".

On June 16, 1994, Jesse and Céline meet on a Budapest-bound train, quickly forming a connection. With Jesse bound for the U.S. and Céline for Paris, they decide to spend a spontaneous evening together in Vienna. As they wander the city, they share personal stories, explore philosophical and emotional topics, and experience a deepening romantic connection. Despite their brief time and initial intentions to part ways without contact, their bond grows so strong that, by morning at the train station, they decide not to exchange contact details but to meet in the same spot in six months.

Pope Lando

Pope Lando (913-14) (; died 914) was the 122nd Pope from July or August in 913 until February or March in 914. 

Little is known about the short period during which Pope Lando was the head of the church.

Lando was to be the last pope with a name that was completely unique until Pope Francis's election. Since then, there has not been another pope with the name Lando.

Until Pope John Paul I in 1978, Pope Lando was the last pope to use a papal name which had not been used by an earlier pope.


Point Place, Louisiana

Point Place is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. Point Place is the suburb of Natchitoches.

Sosúa

Sosúa is a Dominican municipality in the Puerto Plata province, on the north coast of the country.

"Sosúa" is a taíno name of the small river (Sosúa River) that crosses the city and ends in the Atlantic Ocean, on the western part of the Sosúa Bay.

The municipality is surrounded by the Espaillat province to the east and to the south, the municipality of Puerto Plata to the west and the municipality of Villa Montellano to the northwest. The Atlantic Ocean is to the north of Sosúa.

The city had, in , a total population of 29,653: 14,796 men and 14,857 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Sosúa is along the Sosúa Bay, a small bay with two headlands: to the east is "Punta Sosúa" ("punta" is a Spanish word that means, in this case, a headland) that was named as "Punta Seca" ("Dry headland") by Columbus in his first visit to the island; and to the west is "Punta Payne", in front of the Sosúa Beach.

The bay is divided in two smaller bays:

Sosúa has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Puerto Plata . The city is about from the Puerto Plata International Airport.

At the beginning of the 20th Century, the United Fruit Company began to grow bananas around the present Sosúa to send the fruits to the United States. The company had over 1.5 million banana plants, and in the year 1900 they sent thousands of fruits to the United States alone. Many people came to live here and to work with the company. United Fruit later closed the Sosúa banana operations in 1916.

Seven hundred and fifty German and Austrian Jews refugees came to the Dominican Republic between 1940 and 1945 to live in Sosúa. Here they created a dairy and cheese factory named "Productos Sosúa" that is still working. When the World War II ended, some of this refugees went to live to United States but many of them stayed in Sosúa.

On March 27, 1958, Sosúa became a Municipal District and later, on August 12, 1978, a municipality.

With the development of tourism in the mid 1980s in the country, Sosúa came to be one of the most important places for tourism in the northern coast.

The municipality of Sosúa has two municipal districts:

Even if agriculture and fishing were very important activities in the past, since the mid 1980s tourism has come to be most important economic activity, with several important hotels in the city and in places near Sosúa and Cabarete.


Now and Then (movie)

Now and Then is a 1995 comedy-drama movie. It is about four women in two different time periods: 1970 and 1991. Demi Moore plays Samantha Albertson, Christina Ricci and Rosie O'Donnell play Roberta Martin, Thora Birch and Melanie Griffith act as Tina "Teeny" Tercell. Lolita Davidovich plays Samantha's mom. It was released on October 20, 1995. Reviews for this comedy-drama were very negative, although "Now and Then" has since become a classic.

Perseus Arm

The Perseus Arm is one of two major spiral arms of the Milky Way galaxy. The second major arm is called the Scutum–Centaurus Arm.

The Milky Way is a barred spiral galaxy with two major arms and a number of minor arms or spurs. The Perseus Spiral Arm, with a radius of about 10,700 parsecs, is between the minor Cygnus and Carina–Sagittarius Arms. It is so named because it is seen in the same direction as the constellation Perseus.

The local spur known as the Orion–Cygnus Arm, which includes the Solar System and Earth, may be a branch of the Perseus Arm, but this is unconfirmed.

The Perseus Spiral arm contains a number of Messier objects:
It also contains a star 100 times larger than the sun. AC130

Jack Greene

Jack Greene (January 7, 1930 - March 14, 2013) was an American country musician. His nickname was the "Jolly Green Giant" because of his height and deep voice. Greene was a long-time member of the Grand Ole Opry. He was nominated for three Grammy Awards.

Greene was born on January 7, 1930, in Maryville, Tennessee, he learned to play guitar at age ten. He was married to Barbara Stidham the mother of his 5 children, Wayne Greene, Lynn Greene (deceased), Tony Greene, Jan Greene & Marty Greene. Greene died on March 14, 2013 in his home in Nashville, Tennessee from Alzheimer's disease, aged 83.


Beverly D'Angelo

Beverly Heather D'Angelo (born November 15, 1951) is an American actress. She acts mostly in movies. She first became well known in the 1983 movie "National Lampoon's Vacation". She also acted in many other movies, particularly comedy movies. She was born in Columbus, Ohio.

D'Angelo was in the 1980 movie "Coal Miner's Daughter". She shared the Country Music Association award for Album of the Year for that movie's soundtrack.

Staten Island Ferry

The Staten Island Ferry is a free ferry service that runs between the New York City boroughs of Staten Island and Manhattan. The service started in 1817 as the Richmond Turnpike Company. It leaves and arrives in Manhattan from the Staten Island Ferry Whitehall Terminal near Battery Park City. In Staten Island, it leaves and arrives from the Saint George Ferry Terminal near Richmond Terrace. The trip takes around 25 minutes each way. Service is provided 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Late-night service is one trip per hour and, during rush hours, four per hour.

The ferry carries bicycles. The ground entrance to the ferry is only for bicycle riders. Automobiles were also carried for a fee of $3.00 per automobile. This ended after the September 11, 2001 attacks.

Over 21 million people ride the Staten Island Ferry a year. Around 75,000 ride on a weekday.


You Belong with Me

"You Belong with Me" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was written by Swift and Liz Rose, producer by Nathan Chapman and Swift.The song was released in 2009 in the United States. It is about a boyfriend having an argument with his girlfriend. The reviews of this song were mixed to positive. The song was also covered by Selena Gomez.

This Is 40

This is 40 is a 2012 American comedy drama movie. It is a spin-off to the movie "Knocked Up". The movie stars Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann. Megan Fox and Melissa McCarthy also appear. It was released in December 2012 and received mixed reviews from critics.

My Girlfriend's Boyfriend (2010 movie)

My Girlfriend's Boyfriend is a 2010 romantic comedy movie. It is about a novelist and problems around him. The movie stars Alyssa Milano, Beau Bridges and Carol Kane. It was released in May 2010 in the United States. The movie received very positive reviews from the critics.

Corcovado National Park

Corcovado National Park is a national park in Costa Rica. It was established on 24 October 1975. It has an area of 425 km² (263 mi²). National Geographic called this park ""the most biologically intense place on Earth in terms of biodiversity"". The park very popular with tropical ecologists. Visitor can see a lot of wildlife.

Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica

The Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica is unicameral. It is the legislative branch of the government of Costa Rica. The Legislative Assembly's building is in San José city.

Cruelty to animals

Cruelty to animals is when a person harms or even kills an animal or pet. There is a fine in some countries and in more serious cases one can go to jail. The animal that suffers could be stolen, or it could be the owner abusing their own pet. Some ways in which people could abuse the animal would be by locking it, keeping it tied to a chain, giving it little or no food or water, kicking and hurting it, yelling and scaring it or leaving it outside in cold or hot weather for a long period of time. Sometimes people will also abandon their pet. Some examples of animal cruelty are neglect, hoarding, or physical abuse.



Rand Paul

Rand Paul (born January 7, 1963) is an American politician. He is the United States Senator from Kentucky (serving with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell). He is a Republican and the son of Ron Paul.

Paul is a member of the Tea Party movement.

Paul used to be a doctor. 

Paul was diagnosed in 2020 with the coronavirus, one of the first senators with it. 
Paul was sworn in on January 5, 2011, along with his father, who simultaneously served in the House of Representatives.

Rand was assigned to serve on the Energy and Natural Resources, Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, Homeland Security and Government Affairs, and Small Business committees. Paul also formed the Senate Tea Party Caucus.

For the 113th Congress, Paul was added to the Foreign Relations committee and retained his spot on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, Homeland Security and Government Affairs, and Small Business committees.

On March 6–7, 2013, Paul engaged in a filibuster to delay voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA. Paul questioned the Obama administration's use of drones and the stated legal justification for their potential use within the United States. Paul held the floor for 12 hours and 52 minutes.

In the beginning of 2015, Senator Paul re-introduced the Federal Reserve Transparency Act. Senator Paul also introduced the FAIR Act, or Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration Act, which would restrict civil forfeiture proceedings.

On May 20, 2015, Paul spoke for ten and a half hours in opposition to the reauthorization of of the Patriot Act. Sections of the Patriot Act were prevented from being reauthorized on 1 June.

Paul officially announced his candidacy for the 2016 U.S. presidential election on April 7, 2015. He dropped out of the race on February 3, 2016. His run to be the president only received 1 delegate. His campaign was under the Republican Party.

Paul married Kelley Ashby in 1990. Together, they have three children.

On November 3, 2017, Paul was assaulted in his home by his 59-year old neighbor. The neighbor was arrested by state troopers, and was subsequently charged with one count of 4th degree assault. Although initial announcements stated that Paul had only minor injuries, subsequent news reports explained that he sustained five broken ribs.

Paul announced on March 22, 2020, that he had tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19).


Marco Rubio

Marco Antonio Rubio (born May 28, 1971) is the senior United States Senator from Florida. He is a Republican. He was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2000, and he served as the Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2008. 

Rubio's family moved from Cuba to the US in the 1950s. He was born in 1971 in Miami, Florida. He has one brother and two sisters. Rubio's family moved to Las Vegas, Nevada during the 1980s but they later came back to Miami. After high school he stayed in Florida and went to the University of Florida, where he graduated in 1993 with a political science degree. After that he went to law school at the University of Miami, where he got a doctorate in law.

After being in local politics, Rubio ran for the Florida House of Representitives and won. Eventually he became the Speaker of the House, an important political position. In 2010 he ran for US Senate. He ran a long shot campaign at first: most people thought that Florida's Governor, Charlie Crist would get the Republican nomination. Rubio won the primary, but Crist entered the race as an independent. In a three way race between himself, Crist, and Democrat Kendrick Meek, Rubio was elected to the Senate in 2010.

Rubio has become well known since entering the Senate. He has been critical of President Barack Obama and has proposed his own ideas in place of Obama's plans on more than one issue. He wrote a plan for the economy supporting free market economics and has proposed tax cuts for small businesses that have innovative ideas. Rubio also introduced a reform of the US immigration system and recently supported changes to how colleges deal with sexual assault.

Rubio announced in May 2015, that he will not seek re-election because of his presidential campaign. After suspending his presidential campaign, Rubio announced he would seek a second term in June 2016. Rubio defeated Democratic challenger Patrick Murphy in the 2016 election.

On April 13, 2015, Rubio announced his candidacy for president in 2016 and that he would not seek re-election to his Senate seat. His campaign started at the Freedom Tower in Miami, a building that many Cuban immigrants passed through. 

During the 2016 Republican Party presidential primary, Rubio came in third place in Iowa. Since then, he came in second or third place in the Nevada and South Carolina primaries. He won the Minnesota primaries after Super Tuesday. On March 6, 2016, Rubio won the Puerto Rico primary by winning almost 74%. He also won the Washington, D.C. caucus. 

Rubio suspended his campaign on March 15, 2016 after losing the Florida primaries to Donald Trump.

Rubio married Jeanette Dousdebes in 1998. Together, they have four children. The Rubios live in Miami, Florida. Marco has two sisters, Veronica and Barbara, and an older brother, Mario. Rubio has said in his books that he is a fan of rap music. When he was a young man he played football, and once hoped to play the game in the NFL. Rubio has also written two books.


Irssi

irssi is an command-line IRC client. It is commonly used on Unix machines, but is also available for Windows.


Greedy (movie)

Greedy is a 1994 comedy movie. It is about greed between relatives of a business tycoon. Nancy Travis plays Robin and Michael J. Fox plays Danny. This comedy had mixed reviews and a weak box office revenue when it was released.

Russian Academy of Sciences

The Russian Academy of Sciences (, shortened to , "RAN") is a network of scientific research institutes across the Russian Federation. consists of the national academy of Russia and a network of scientific research institutes from across the country. It also includes other scientific and social groups like libraries, publishing units and hospitals.

The Academy was started in 1724 as the St Petersburg Academy of Sciences. It had various names and became the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union. In 1991 it became again the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Like the French Academy of Sciences and unlike The Royal Society in Britain, the Russian Academy of Sciences has two types of membership. The top-level members are academicians (833 scientists, as of November 2023). The next-level members are corresponding members (1097 scientists). There are also professors of the RAN (713 scientists). 16 professors became academicians and 163 professors became corresponding members. These are now counted twice: as professors and as members. The last elections were organized in May-June 2022. To be elected to the Academy is a great honor for any researcher.


Big Business (1988 movie)

Big Business is a 1988 American comedy movie set in Two pairs of identical twin girls are switched at birth in West Virginia and go into two different settings in New York City. Bette Midler acts as Sadie, Lily Tomlin plays Rose. This movie was released in June 1988. It received lukewarm reviews by critics, although it performed quite well at the box office.

Solar car

Solar cars (or solar vehicles) are a special type of electric vehicle that only get their power from the sun. They use solar cells on the surface of the car to produce electricity and the electricity makes a motor turn, and that turns the wheels. They are not useful for normal driving, but once built, they can drive all day and not make any pollution. There are also some solar-powered vehicles for unusual cases, like the first rovers on Mars.

Also, there are electric vehicles that can be charged from separate solar panels, and those panels can be as big as needed. This can work to power an electric car for most daily needs. But this is not called a solar car, since it doesn't have the solar panels right on the car.

The first competition was a trip from Sydney, Australia to Perth in 1983. 

There are now several competitions to see who can build the best solar-powered car. Some of these are for college students, some are open to anybody. It is not easy to build a good solar car. This is a good test of engineering skills, and helps improve the efficiency of cars and test solar equipment.


Laws of Attraction

Laws of Attraction is a 2004 Irish-British-German romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about two high-profile divorce lawyers in New York City. It stars Julianne Moore, Pierce Brosnan and Parker Posey. The movie got bad reviews from critics when it was released, but it earned back its budget revenue.


Don Keefer

Donald Hood "Don" Keefer (August 18, 1916 – September 7, 2014) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Death of a Salesman", "Creepshow", "The Twilight Zone", "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", "Gunsmoke", and in "Liar Liar".

Keefer was born on August 18, 1916 in Highspire, Pennsylvania. He studied at The Actors Studio. Keefer was married to Catherine McLeod from 1950 until her death in 1997. They had three children: Donald, John and Thomas.

Keefer died from natural causes on September 7, 2014 in Sherman Oaks, California. He was 98.

Fritz Weaver

Fritz William Weaver (January 19, 1926 – November 26, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his guest-star roles in "The Twilight Zone", "Night Gallery", "The X-Files", "Matlock", and "Demon Seed". He was also known for his role as Dexter in "Creepshow". He won a Tony Award in 1970.

Weaver was born on January 19, 1926 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Weaver studied at Peabody High School. He was married to Sylvia Short from 1953 until they divorced in 1979. Then he married Rochelle Oliver in 1997. Weaver had two children with Short.

From 1995 until his death, Weaver has worked primarily as a voice actor, providing narration for programs on the History Channel.

Weaver died at his home in Manhattan on November 26, 2016, aged 90. No cause of death was immediately available.

Hans Schnitger

Henri Carel Willem "Hans" Schnitger (August 5, 1915 – March 2, 2013) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Schnitger was a member of the Dutch field hockey team, which won the bronze medal. He played all five matches as forward.

Schnitger was born in Enschede, where he lived until his death on March 2, 2013 from natural causes, aged 97.


Chemtrail conspiracy theory

A chemtrail is a trail of chemicals left by an airplane at a high altitude. According to a conspiracy theory, the chemicals are said to be deliberately sprayed for reasons that are kept secret by the government. Most scientists and workers in the aviation industry say that the trails left by planes are just a form of condensation. These are called contrails (condensation trails).

People who believe the theory have speculated about what purpose chemtrails may serve. Some say it is to change the weather or stop global warming. Others say that it is to control the population by spreading chemicals that are harmful to the human reproductive system. Some more recent versions of the theory say that chemtrails are being spread by companies that make genetically-modified (GMO) crops. The chemtrails supposedly contain herbicides that will only kill normal (organic) crops and will not affect the genetically-modified crops.

Some claim that specially modified planes, supposedly owned and operated by the government, are necessary to create a chemtrail. The chemicals are said to either come from the engine or from special nozzles on the plane. In some versions of the theory, the chemical is said to be barium or a barium compound, but in other versions it is aluminum oxide, or a mixture of barium compounds and aluminum oxide.

Chemtrails are not to be confused with the spraying of chemicals over short distances at a low altitude, such as aerial firefighting or crop-dusting.

Several photographs on the Internet have been claimed to show the inside of planes that spread chemtrails. They show ballast barrels installed on the inside of the plane. In reality, these are photographs of test planes or firefighting planes. The real purpose of the barrels is to simulate the weight of passengers or cargo. The barrels are filled with water, and the water can be pumped from barrel to barrel to test different weight distributions while the aircraft is in flight.


Robert Conquest

George Robert Acworth Conquest (15 July 1917 – 3 August 2015), known as Robert Conquest, was an English-American historian and poet. He was best known for his influential works of Soviet history. They include "The Great Terror: Stalin’s Purges of the 1930s". He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in November 2005.

Conquest was born on July 15, 1917 in Great Malvern, Worcestershire, England. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. 

He was married to Joan Watkins from 1942 until they divorced in 1948. Then he was married to Tatiana Mihailova from 1948 until they divorced 1962. Then he was married to Caroleen MacFarlane from 1964 until they divorced in 1978. Then he was married to Elizabeth Neece Wingate from 1979 until his death in 2015. He had two sons from Watkins and one step-daughter from Wingate. 

Conquest died in Stanford, California from respiratory failure caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 98.



Alan Greenspan

Alan Greenspan (born March 6, 1926) is an American economist.

Greenspan was born on March 6, 1926 in New York City, New York to a Romanian-Hungarian-Jewish family. He studied at George Washington High School and at New York University.

He was the Chairman of the Federal Reserve of the United States from 1987 to 2006. He currently works as a private adviser and provides consulting for firms through his company, Greenspan Associates LLC. He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in November 2005.

Greenspan was first appointed Federal Reserve chairman by President Ronald Reagan in August 1987. He was reappointed at successive four-year intervals until retiring on January 31, 2006 after the second-longest tenure in the position.

Greenspan was married to Joan Mitchell from 1952 until they annulled their marriage in 1953. He married Andrea Mitchell in 1997. He now lives in New York City and in Washington, D.C..


Ed Harris

Edward Allen "Ed" Harris (born November 28, 1950) is an American actor, writer, and director. He was born in Englewood, New Jersey, and raised in Tenafly. He is best known for his roles in "Pollock", "Appaloosa", "The Rock", "The Abyss", "The Truman Show", "A Beautiful Mind", "A History of Violence", "Enemy at the Gates", "The Right Stuff", "Gone Baby Gone", and "Paris Trout". He won an Golden Globe Award, an Drama Desk Award, and an Screen Actors Guild Award.

Harris studied at Tenafly High School and at Columbia University. He married the actress Amy Madigan in 1983. They have one daughter, Lily Dolores, born in 1993. Harris now lives in Los Angeles, California. His father was actor Bob L. Harris.


Module (mathematics)

In abstract algebra, a module is the generalization of a vector space. Modules are defined with respect to a ring. A vector space uses vectors and scalars, it defines the operations of additions and multiplication of these two. 

Modules also generalize the idea of abelian group. Abelian groups are modules over the ring of integers.

Moravia (canton)

Moravia is a canton in the San José province of Costa Rica. San Vicente is the main city of the canton. The canton is named after President Juan Rafael Mora Porras (1814 – 1860). Since there was a canton called Mora, this one was named Moravia.

Moravia was created on 1 August 1914. Law No. 55 created Villa San Vicente on 1 August 1914. The first session of the Council of Moravia was held on 19 January 1915. The first electric street lighting was also installed that year. Law No. 3248 gave the town of San Vicente city status on 6 December 1963.

Moravia has an area of . The canton has an average elevation of .

The canton begins in the northern suburbs of the capital of Costa Rica, San José. It continues northeast toward the Cordillera Central (Central Mountain Range). The Virilla, Pará, and Blanco rivers are on the north and west edges of the canton. The Quebrada Azul and Macho rivers form the southeast boundaries of the canton.

Other rivers in Moravia include Quebrada Barreal, Quebrada Lajas, Quebrada San Francisco, Quebrada Tornillal, Quebrada Yerbabuena, Acequia, Agrá, Hondura, Ipís, Pará Grande, Paracito, and Zurquí. Mountain peaks in the area include Zurquí (1,583m), Vargas (1,396m), and Trina (1,270m).

Moravia has highly populated suburbs in the south and rural mountain landscapes to the north. The canton of Vázquez de Coronado is to the east and north of Moraia/ San Isidro, Santo Domingo and Tibás are to the west. To the south of Moravia is Goicoechea.

The canton of Moravia is has three districts:

Wild Orchid (movie)

Wild Orchid is an 1989 erotic suspense movie. It was directed by Zalman King. The movie stars Mickey Rourke, Carré Otis, Jacqueline Bisset, Bruce Greenwood, Oleg Vidov and Assumpta Serna. "Wild Orchid" deals with stalking, deception and blackmail in Rio de Janeiro. The first version of the movie was too sexual for an R rating. The MPAA threatened give the movie an X rating. King edited the movie down to get the R rating. The movie got very bad reviews by critics, including Roger Ebert, but it was successful in terms of international box office earnings.

Amphitrite

Amphitrite was the Greek goddess of the sea springs and ocean life. Married to Poseidon, usually said to be a Nereid but sometimes said to be an Oceanid.

Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology

The Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology (German: "Philosophisch-Theologische Hochschule Sankt Georgen") is an academic seminary in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

The school was founded in 1926 by the Society of Jesus.

Sank Georgen established a Jesuit theology program in 1951. 

In 1986, Pope Francis he began work on a doctorate degree at Sankt Georgen.


Isthmus of Tehuantepec

The Isthmus of Tehuantepec is an isthmus in Mexico. It is the shortest route between the Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific Ocean. Before the Panama Canal opened, it was a major shipping route known as the Tehuantepec Route

Laura Chinchilla

Laura Chinchilla Miranda (born 28 March 1959) served as the President of Costa Rica from 2010 to 2014. She is Costa Rica's first female president. She is the sixth woman to be elected president of a Latin American country. She was one of Óscar Arias Sánchez's two vice presidents. She was his administration's Minister of Justice. She was the governing PLN candidate for President in the 2010 general election. She won with 46.76% of the vote.

Chinchilla was born in Carmen Central, San José in 1959. Her father was Rafael Ángel Chinchilla Fallas. He was a former comptroller of Costa Rica. Her mother was Emilce Miranda Castillo. She married Mario Alberto Madrigal Díaz on 23 January 1982 and divorced on 22 May 1985. She had a son in 1996 with José María Rico Cueto, a Spanish lawyer who has a Canadian citizenship; Chinchilla married him on 26 March 2000. He died in April 2019, aged 84.

Chinchilla graduated from the University of Costa Rica. She received her master's degree in public policy from Georgetown University.
Before politics, Chinchilla worked as a NGO consultant in Latin America and Africa. She specialized in judicial reform and public security. She served in the José María Figueres Olsen administration as vice-minister for public security (1994–1996) and minister of public security (1996–1998). 

From 2002 to 2006, she served in the National Assembly as a deputy for the province of San José.

Chinchilla was one of two vice-presidents elected under the second Arias administration (2006–2010). She resigned the vice-presidency in 2008 in order to prepare her run for the presidency in 2010. On 7 June 2009 she won the Partido Liberación Nacional (PLN) primary with a 15% margin over her nearest rival, and was thus endorsed as the party's presidential candidate.

Her term ended in 8 May 2014.

Finding Bliss

Finding Bliss is a 2009 movie. It is a romantic comedy about the adult film industry. The movie stars Leelee Sobieski, Denise Richards and Kristen Johnston. It was released in June 2010 in the United States. The movie was given very negative reviews by critics.

Battle of the Plains of Abraham

The Battle of the Plains of Abraham was a battle fought between French and British soldiers on September 13, 1759. It was part of the French and Indian War, which was part of the Seven Years' War. 

The battle took place on a plateau near the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec City. The plateau was on land once owned by a farmer named Abraham Martin. For this reason, the land was called the "Plains of Abraham".

Each side had about 4500 troops in the battle. The French soldiers, led by Louis de Montcalm, wore blue uniforms. The British soldiers, led by James Wolfe, wore red uniforms. Both leaders were young men. Both died in the battle.

The French had a fort on the Plains of Abraham. Through rumors and spies, they knew the British were coming. But when the British arrived in June, the French were not prepared and did not have all their troops with them. Many of the French troops were not as well trained as the British troops.

The British began a siege that lasted three months. On September 13th, the French attacked. The British held off the attack. Eventually the British took control of the battle. The French withdrew and surrendered on September 18, 1759.

The war continued in 1760 and the British took Montreal. New France was defeated, taking Canada from France and making it part of the British Empire. In North America, however, France still controlled Louisiana, which was not conquered by the British and never became part of the British Empire.

E. G. Marshall

E. G. Marshall (Everett Eugene Grunz; June 18, 1914 – August 24, 1998) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Lawrence Preston on "The Defenders" and as David Craig on "". He won two Emmy Awards in 1962 and in 1963. He was also known for his roles in "12 Angry Men" and "Creepshow".

Marshall was born on June 18, 1914 in Owatonna, Minnesota to a Norwegian-German family. He studied at Carleton College and at the University of Minnesota.

Marshall was married to Helen Wolf from 1939 until they divorced in 1953. Then he was married to Emy de Haze Winkelman until they divorced. Then he was married to Judith Coy until his death in 1998. He had five children. Marshall died on August 24, 1998 in Bedford, New York from lung cancer, aged 84.


Death Wish (series)

The "Death Wish" movie series is a series of action movies. It was created by Michael Winner in 1974. It is based on the book of the same name by Brian Garfield, written in 1972.

The series is about Paul Kersey (played by Charles Bronson). Kersey kills criminals, including gangsters, drug dealers, murderers, and rapists. He kills them either because he is hired to do so by another person or for revenge. His wife, daughter, and some of his friends were killed by criminals. Their death made Kersey want to kill criminals. Many cops think that he is a criminal. Others think that he's helping. The movies are set in either New York City, Chicago or Los Angeles. The entire series lasted for twenty years. Bronson played Kersey in all five movies.

Kersey was born in New York City of the early 1920s. Kersey's father was an English-American who originated from Norman England. His mother comes from Provo, Utah. Kersey's Norman English ancestor, Pierre Whítmoré Keèrsye, changed his name to "Kersey". Kersey served in World War II from 1944 to 1945. In 1953, he served in the Korean War in the medical corps. In the late 1950s, he went to New York City to settle down.


Adrienne Barbeau

Adrienne Jo Barbeau (born June 11, 1945) is an American actress, singer, and writer. She is known for her roles in "Creepshow", "Grease", and in "Escape from New York". She is known for her television roles in "Maude" and in "".

Barbeau was born on June 11, 1945 in Sacramento, California. Her ancestry include Armenian, German, Irish, French, and Canadian. Barbeau was raised in San Jose, California. She studied at Del Mar High School. 

Barbeau was married to John Carpenter from 1979 until they divorced in 1984. Then she married Billy Van Zandt in 1992. She had one son with Carpenter and twin sons with Zandt. She now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Lame duck

Lame duck is a term used to describe an elected politician who will soon be leaving office. It is used for those leaving either because the have held the office for the most terms they are allowed to (term limit) or because they have lost an election. Because they are not seen to still have much remaining power, lame duck politicians will often not get much done. They sometimes make decisions that many people do not agree with because they know the decision will not make them lose an election.

For example, a US President is said to be a lame duck president during their second term as President because they can only be President for two terms. If they lose the election to stay as the President for a second term, they are also seen as a lame duck from the time the election results are final until January 20 of the next year when the winner of the election becomes President. 

Cantons of Costa Rica

This is a list of the cantons of Costa Rica.

Costa Rica's seven provinces ("provincias") are divided into 81 cantons. Cantons divided into districts ("distritos").


Moravia (disambiguation)

Moravia is a region in the Czech Republic. It might also mean:


Pitjantjatjara

Pitjantjatjara () is the name of a nation of native Australian people. They live in the central Australian desert. The people call themselves "Aṉangu", a word which means "person" or "people" in their own language. The group is considered part of the Western Desert cultural bloc. Pitjantjatjara people are closely related to their two closest neighbours: the Yankunytjatjara and the Ngaanyatjarra. They can understand much of each other's languages. There are currently about 4,000 people from this nation living in small communities spread out across their homeland.

The homeland of the Pitjantjatjara covers north-western South Australia and the south-west of the Northern Territory. More communities are located a short distance over the border in Western Australia. The land they live in is special to them. It forms a large part of their culture and beliefs. In South Australia, they mostly live in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This area is where the Pitjantjatjara language is strongest. In the Northern Territory, their country is on the south side of Lake Amadeus. It is centred around Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa, two of their most sacred sites. 

Pitjantjatara are historically a nomadic people. They lived in small family groups, travelling from one rock hole to another depending on the water and food that was available. In the mid-20th century, most families settled in new communities they built together. They have kept their culture and identity despite outside influences and attempts to force them to change. These influences come from the wider Australian community.

Edge of Darkness (2010 movie)

Edge of Darkness is a 2010 drama thriller movie. It is about a detective who gets involved with the murder of his political activist daughter and gets caught up in conspiracy. The movie stars Mel Gibson. It was released in January 2010 in the United Kingdom and the United States. The reviews for this were mixed. It earned $81 million in the box office.

Going the Distance (2010 movie)

Going the Distance is a 2010 American romantic comedy movie directed by Nanette Burstein. It stars Drew Barrymore, Justin Long and Christina Applegate. It is about Erin, a graduate school student from San Francisco who meets a man in New York City and tries to keep the relationship going when she returns home. The movie was released in September 2010. It received mixed reviews from critics, but did very well at the box office.

Gyroscope

A gyroscope is a device used to measure or maintain an angular position. It works using the principles of angular momentum. The gyroscope is made up of a spinning wheel or disc, as well as (in some cases) many other moving parts. It helps with navigation, and plays a part in such things as a gyrocompass and artificial horizon.

Heart Attack (song)

"Heart Attack" is a 2013 single from singer Demi Lovato. It is about heart issues being caused from lovesick feelings. This single became a hit in certain areas and a strong charting song overall. It received good reviews from music critics.

San Jose

San José is Spanish for Saint Joseph.

San Jose or San José might also mean:





Areyonga, Northern Territory

Areyonga (also called in Pitjantjatjara) is a small town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is located about 220 km west of Alice Springs. About 300 people live in the town, most of whom are Aboriginal. The people are mostly Pitjantjatjara, with some Arrernte and Walpiri families. The town is governed by Areyonga Aboriginal Community.

Areyonga was founded during the 1920s. A long drought forced Pitjantatjara families to leave Kaḻṯukatjara and other places in the Petermann Ranges. They originally moved to Hermannsburg and then set up a new community at Areyonga. A Lutheran mission was established in the settlement in the 1940s. In the 1970s, many people from the mission moved back to the community at Kaḻṯukatjara. The Lutheran mission at Areyonga was closed in 1990, and the land was given back to the native people as part of the Haasts Bluff Aboriginal Land Trust.


Ross and Cromarty

Ross and Cromarty is an area of the Highlands of Scotland. It has many mountains and few people.



Irrunytju, Western Australia

Irrunytju (also called Wingellina) is a small Aboriginal community in Western Australia. It is located in the Goldfields-Esperance region, about southwest of the Surveyor Generals Corner (where the borders of Western Australia, South Australia and the Northern Territory meet). There are about 150 people living in the community, most of whom are Ngaanyatjarra.

The town is surrounded by the Wingellina Hills, a set of large granite hills with mulga and mallee growth. The name of the community, "", comes from the name of a sacred site located in the hills to the south.

The area was part of the Central Australia Aboriginal Reserve when the reserve was created in 1922. In 1955, however, the borders of the reserve were moved to allow for mining and prospecting, mostly of nickel. Mining camps were set up in the area around what is now Irrunytju. In response, Aboriginal families moved to settle around these camps. Some got jobs with the miners and were paid in food rations; others were simply there to protect places of spiritual importance from outsiders. Some companies took steps to make sure their miners respected these sites; other companies did not, and several sacred sites were damaged during this period. The area was made part of the reserve again in 1972.

Once the miners left, the Aboriginal families stayed and built a permanent settlement using what was left from the mining camps (shelters, bores, etc.). The community was also given money from the federal government to help establish a permanent settlement. The community became incorporated in 1976. It became a member of the Ngaanyatjarra Council in 1981.

Irrunytju has remained on Aboriginal land since 1972. Economic activities in the area are governed under the Ngaanyatjarra Indigenous Land Use Agreement, formed in 2006. The community maintains many traditional activities, such as hunting and gathering bush tucker. The community has had its own art centre, Irrunytju Arts, since 2001.


Rusyn language

Rusyn (Rusyn: ' or ') is an East Slavic language. It is spoken by the Rusyns of Central Europe. In English, it is also called Ruthene or Ruthenian. Some linguists treat it as a distinct language. Some Ukrainian scholars think it is a dialect of Ukrainian.

Rusyn is spoken in the Transcarpathian Region of Ukraine, in northeastern Slovakia, in Vojvodina, in southeastern Poland, in Hungary and in northern Romania.

In Serbia, Rusyn is an official minority language. Since 1995, Rusyn has been an official minority language in Slovakia. In some Slovak municipalities, it is an official language.

Rusyn is listed as a protected language by the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages in Slovakia, Serbia, Croatia and Romania.


Tjuntjuntjara Community

Tjuntjuntjara is a remote Aboriginal community in the southeast of Western Australia. It is located in the Great Victoria Desert, inside the Great Victoria Desert Nature Reserve. It is about east of Kalgoorlie. The nearest place with more people is the town of Laverton, . Tjuntjuntjara is connected to Irrunytju in the north by a dirt track.

There are about 160 people living at Tjuntjuntjara. They speak a southern variety of the Pitjantjatjara language. They identify as belonging to a group of people known as ' (meaning "from the spinifex plains"). This group of people are among those that were removed from their homelands in the 1950s and 1960s due to nuclear weapons testing at Woomera Test Range. Most of the people now living at Tjuntjuntjara were previously living at Cundeelee, then a Christian mission, further to the west. Other communities of ' people include Oak Valley and Yalata, over the border in South Australia.

Tjuntjuntjara was founded in the late 1980s. Cundeelee was being closed, so a group of elders led members back east to their homelands to set up a new community. The first choice for a location was Yakadunya (about of Tjuntjuntjara). A water bore was drilled and a temporary camp was formed, but there was not enough water in the ground. The community moved northward to what is now Tjuntjuntjara.

Tjuntjuntjara has since grown into a large community. It acts as a service centre for several outstations. These outstations are occupied at certain times of the year for hunting and gathering and ceremonies. The community is governed by a local council. Facilities and services are managed by the Paupiyala Tjarutja Aboriginal Corporation, a non-profit organisation. The community has its own health clinic. The community school, Tjuntjuntjara Remote Community School, was opened in 2008. Both the clinic and the school are helped by the federal government. Mail is flown in by plane once per week. A truck delivers food supplies to the community once every two weeks. There is no police station.

The Spinifex Arts Project was set up in 1997 for the community to create artworks.

The community is growing. There were about 40 living at Tjuntjuntjara during the 1980s. In the 2006 census, there were 150 people, and in the 2011 census there were 162 people living in 17 houses.


The Switch (2010 movie)

The Switch is a 2010 movie. It is a romantic comedy about a woman who wants to get pregnant. The movie stars Jennifer Aniston, Jason Bateman, Patrick Wilson and Juliette Lewis. "The Switch" was the last movie to be distributed by Miramax before that company was sold by Disney. It was released on August 20, 2010. The movie was not well liked by critics. It made almost 50 million dollars at the box office.



Paneuropean Union

The Paneuropean Union was a movement to join the countries of Europe. It was founded in 1923.

Union of European Federalists

The Union of European Federalists is a non-governmental organisation in the European Union. Its aim is to promote European integration. It was founded in 1946 after World War II.


Acrididae

The Acrididae are the main family of grasshoppers, with 10,000 of the 11,000 species of the entire suborder Caelifera. The Acrididae are best known because all locusts (swarming grasshoppers) are of the Acrididae. However, not all Acrididae are locusts: 'locust' is a term that is only given to those grasshoppers that swarm.

Acrididae grasshoppers have relatively short and stout antennae, and drum-like tympana on the side of the first abdominal segment.

The name Acrididae is derived from Greek "akris", meaning locust.

The Proposal (movie)

The Proposal is a romantic comedy movie from 2009. It is about a Canadian executive chief of staff working at a New York City book publishing company. She learns she will be deported due to an expired visa unless the visa matter is taken care of. Sandra Bullock plays the executive. Ryan Reynolds plays her assistant. This movie was released in June 2009. The reviews were mixed to negative. "The Proposal" took in over $317 million in the box office. It became the highest grossing romantic comedy in 2009.

Farsi1

Farsi1 is a Persian language satellite television channel. It was created in 2009. The channel is broadcast into Iran from Hong Kong by a company co-owned by Rupert Murdoch. Since the channel's creation, Farsi1 has become the most popular TV channel in Iran. The channel broadcasts TV series from Korea, Latin America and the United States. Its most popular series tend to be Colombian telenovelas. 

Selen Soyder

Mükerrem Selen Soyder (born in Alsancak, İzmir, Turkey on December 26, 1986) is a Turkish model. She was Miss Turkey in 2007.

Wherry Lines

The Wherry Lines are railway lines in England, from Norwich to Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft. These lines go through The Broads. The line is part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 7, SRS 07.11 and is a rural line. The name of the line is taken from the Norfolk wherries, which played an important role in the transport of goods and people around the broads before road and rail transport became widespread.

Norfolk wherry

The Norfolk wherry is a type of boat on The Broads in Norfolk, England. Three main types were made over its life, all using gaff rig with a single, tall sail and the mast stepped well forward.

Scalpel

A scalpel is a very sharp knife, made to be used for surgery. Scalpels were developed for cutting through tissue. In 2013, most scalpels used for surgery had blades which are only used once. The blade is replaced after use. Sometimes, the lower part of the scalpel is re-used. The blades are made of different kinds of metal or steel. In some cases, titanium, diamond or obsidian are used. Magnetic resonance imaging uses magnetism to generate an image. This means that people performing operations in such an environment cannot use metal tools. In some cases, scalpels are replaced with lasers, or with electrocautery. Ancient Egyptian medicine used scalpels for enbalming; the material used was obsidian, it is still in use today. Medicine in ancient Rome used over 150 different tools, among them, the scalpel.

Ferney Park

Ferney Park is a football stadium in Ballinamallard, Northern Ireland. Ballinamallard United F.C. play there 

Ælfthryth, wife of Edgar

Ælfthryth ( - 1000 or 1001, also Alfrida, Elfrida or Elfthryth) was the second or third wife of King Edgar of England. Ælfthryth was the first king's wife known to have been crowned and anointed as Queen of the Kingdom of England. Mother of King Æthelred the Unready, she was a powerful political figure. She was linked to the murder of her stepson King Edward the Martyr and appeared as a bad queen and evil stepmother in many medieval histories.

Ælfthryth was the daughter of Ealdorman Ordgar. Her mother was a member of the royal family of Wessex.

Paralegal

A paralegal is the professional of legal science that performs as part of a legal assistance system. Paralegals know the law, and they use their knowledge to help people who are charged with a crime, people who want to charge someone with a crime, people who want to sue someone, and people who are being sued. Paralegals are similar to lawyers, but not as educated in the law. They sometimes only do what lawyers ask them to do, but can sometimes work alone.

Some companies hire paralegals instead of lawyers, because they are less expensive to hire. Paralegals go to school for a shorter amount of time than lawyers do, and they do not make as much money.

Most paralegals go to school for two to four years. They learn about different kinds of law, such as business law, criminal law, and civil law. They also learn how to work with lawyers, how to create contracts and other official agreements, and how to do research well.

Paralegals normally make around $48,000 a year. They can make as little as $35,000 a year, or as much as $60,000 a year.

Joss Stone

Joss Stone (born Jocelyn Eve Stoker on 11 April 1987) is a British soul singer-songwriter and actress. She was born in Dover, Kent and spent her teenage years in Ashill, Mid Devon. She still lives in Mid Devon. Stone became famous in late 2003 with her album "The Soul Sessions". It was nominated for the Mercury Prize. Stone's first single "Fell in Love with a Boy" was released in 2004. It reached number 18 in the UK Singles Chart. "You Had Me" was released as the first single from Stone's second album. It is Stone's most successful single. She sang on the 2004 number one Christmas single "Do They Know It's Christmas?" as part of Band Aid 20. Her second album "Mind Body & Soul" went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart. Stone sung on "Anniversary" on Lemar's 2006 album "The Truth About Love". Stone's third album "Introducing Joss Stone" was released in 2007. It was produced by Raphael Saadiq. Stone won Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for her cover of "Family Affair" with John Legend and Van Hunt. In 2009 Stone's fourth album "Colour Me Free!" was released. Stone sang on the song "Who's Your Daddy" on Ringo Starr's 2010 album "Y Not". In 2011 "LP1" was released. In 2012 "The Soul Sessions Vol.2" was released by Stone'd Records.



Death of Diana, Princess of Wales

Diana, Princess of Wales and her boyfriend, Dodi Al-Fayed, died in a car accident in Paris, on 31 August 1997. Their driver, Henri Paul, who was drunk, was also killed. Many people left flowers, candles, cards and personal messages for her in public places. She had a big funeral in London.

Concerts for Diana took place shortly after her death. The concerts involved Elton John and many others. John released a new version of his song, "Candle in the Wind," in memory of Diana.
Trevor Rees-Jones, former bodyguard of Diana, Princess of Wales was also injured but survived the crash. 

Mid Devon

Mid Devon is a borough in the county of Devon in South West England. Its administrative headquarters are in Tiverton.

Progeroid syndromes

Progeroid syndromes (PS) describes a range of genetic disorders where the affected person appears to grow older faster. All these disorders are monogenetic, meaning they come from mutations of a single gene. Most known PS mutations lead to either defects in the DNA repair mechanism, or defects in a protein known as lamin A/C.

Progeroid means "resembling old age". This definition can be applied to many different diseases. Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease affects only one tissue. 
In most cases, the term "progeroid syndrome" is used for cases where the affected people only show some of the features of aging, but not all of them. In these cases, many different kinds of tissue are affected. 

Individuals with PS-related disorders often have a reduced lifespan. The most widely studied of the progeroid syndromes are Werner syndrome (WS) and Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS), because they resemble natural aging.

Because of its property of accelerated aging (senescence), progeroid syndomes have been widely studied in the fields of aging,regeneration, stem cells and cancer.

Pope Gregory IV

Pope Gregory IV (; c. 795-25 January 844) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 102nd Pope from 11 February 731 to 28 November 741.
was Pope from October 827 to 25 January 844. 

Gregorius was born in Rome, but the exact date is unknown.

Gregory was a Cardinal and head priest of the Basilica of St. Mark in Rome.

Gregory was elected pope in 844. 

During his reign, the Roman port city of Ostia was expanded.



Forgetting Sarah Marshall

Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a 2008 romantic comedy-drama that looks at romances, break-ups and arguments. Kristen Bell plays Sarah Marshall and Mila Kunis plays Rachel Jansen. This romance comedy-drama was released April 18, 2008, with very positive box office revenue and very high reviews.

Boeing 737 Next Generation

The Boeing 737 Next Generation, often called the 737NG, is a family of Boeing 737s. The 737-600, -700, -800 and -900 are all 737NG aircraft. It is the third family of Boeing 737. The family which came before it is the 737 Classic (−300/-400/-500) family. They have been made since 1991 by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. All 737s are twin-engined, narrow-body airliners. This means that they all have two engines and only have one aisle between seats.

4,293 737NG aircraft have been delivered (as of December 2012). More than 6,300 have been ordered by airlines. Southwest Airlines has more 737NGs than any other airline. Ryanair, a low-cost airline from Ireland, also has a lot of 737NGs. The only planes Ryanair has are 737-800s. The main rival of the 737NG family is the Airbus A320 family. The Boeing 737 MAX will eventually replace the 737NG.

After Airbus launched the Airbus A320, Boeing started designing a new series of Boeing 737. The "737 Next Generation" (NG) program was announced on November 17, 1991. Boeing made many changes from the 737 Classic. The wing was changed. These changes made its area bigger by 25%. The wingspan was made bigger by 16 ft (4.88 m). These changes meant that it could carry 30% more fuel. CFM56-7B engines were used. These improvements allowed the 737 to fly 900 nmi farther.

The inside of the 737 Next Generation was better than the style used on the Boeing 757-200 and the Boeing 737 Classic. It used certain parts of the Boeing 777's inside style. The style of the 737 Next Generation was made the usual style of the Boeing 757-300.

In 2010, the inside of the 737NG was changed to look like the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The new design was called the Boeing Sky Interior. The Sky Interior can only be put into new aircraft. However, a different company has made a style for 737 and 757 aircraft which looks like the Sky Interior.

The first 737NG was a 737−700. The prototype −800 was finished on June 30, 1997 and first flew on July 31, 1997. The smallest 737NG, the 737−600 series, is the same size as the −500. The FAA said it was allowed to fly on August 18, 1998.

In July 2008, Boeing brought out new brakes for 737NGs. They are supposed to replace the steel brakes. They will make the brakes lighter. less weight on a Boeing 737-800 means that 0.5% less fuel will be burned. Delta Air Lines got the first 737NG with these brakes. The plane was a 737-700.

On August 21, 2006, Sky News said that some 737NGs had faulty parts. The report said that Boeing had found some parts of the plane to be faulty, but they did not fix it. Boeing said that these statements were "without merit". This means that Boeing thinks Sky News is wrong. However, another show looked at 737NGs and also thought that some things were faulty.

Since 2006, Boeing has been thinking about replacing the 737 with a completely new design.

On July 20, 2011, Boeing said it would make a new version of the 737. It would have the CFM International LEAP-X engine. American Airlines said it would order 100 of these planes. The Boeing 737 MAX was finished in 2016

On August 30, 2011, Boeing said it would definitely make this new plane. They called it the Boeing 737 MAX. The CFM International LEAP-1B engines that it will use burns 16% less fuel than the Airbus A320. The 737 MAX's main rival is the Airbus A320neo family.

The 737-600 replaced the 737-500. Its main rival is the Airbus A318. 69 737-600s have been made.

As of 2012, Boeing has taken the 737-600 out of its list of prices. This might mean that the 737-600 is not being made anymore.

The 737-700 replaces the 737-300. It began being used in 1998. Its main rival is the Airbus A319. Southwest Airlines has the most 737-700s. They have more than 400 of them.

The "737-700C" is a version where the seats can be taken out to carry cargo instead. There is a big door on the left of the aircraft. The United States Navy got the first 737-700C. The Navy planes are called the C-40 Clipper.

The "737-700ER" ("ER" means "extended range") came out on January 31, 2006. It can fly for . The 737-700ER's main rival is the Airbus A319LR.

The 737-800 is a longer version of the 737-700. It replaces the 737-400. For many airlines in the United States, the 737-800 replaced Boeing 727-200s.

The 737-800 is one of the planes which replaces the McDonnell Douglas MD-80. It burns of fuel every hour. That is about 80% less fuel than an MD-80.

On August 14, 2008, American Airlines said it was ordering 26 737-800s. 2,135 -800s have been delivered.

The 737-800's main rival is the Airbus A320.

The 737-900 is the longest 737 ever made. Alaska Airlines got the first -900 on May 15, 2001. The 737-900 has the same MTOW as the −800. It also does not carry any more fuel. The 737-900 can carry more luggage but cannot fly as far. This meant that it could not be a rival to the Airbus A321.

The "737-900ER" ("ER" for "extended range") is the newest Boeing 737. It was made to replace the 757-200. It was also made to be a rival to the Airbus A321.

The 737-900ER can carry more fuel than other 737s. It also has winglets.

The first 737-900ER was finished on August 8, 2006. Lion Air got the first 737-900ER on April 27, 2007. Lion Air has ordered 166 737-900ERs as of August 2011.

On August 22, 2011, it was said that Delta Air Lines ordered 100 737-900ERs. That is the biggest single order for this type of 737.

As of July 2010, 3,119 Boeing 737 Next Generation planes are being used by airlines. There are 62 -600s, 1,019 -700s, 1,915 -800s and 123 -900s.

The Boeing 737 Next Generation series has been involved in 8 hull-loss accidents and 7 hijackings. 527 people have died in these. A hull-loss accident is an accident where the plane is damaged so much it cannot be repaired, or if it is completely destroyed.The most notable accidents are shown here.



Sources: Boeing 737 Specifications, 737 Airport Planning Report


List of presidents of Costa Rica

The President of Costa Rica is the head of state and government of Costa Rica. The President is elected in direct elections. He or she is elected for four years. Two Vice Presidents are elected at the same time with the President. The President appoints the Council of Ministers. Due to the abolition of the military of Costa Rica in 1948, the president is not a Commander-in-chief.

Here is a table that has a list of the junta chairmen, presidents and heads of state of Costa Rica since independence from Spain and Mexico. From 1824 to 1838 Costa Rica was a state in the Federal Republic of Central America. After that it has been an independent nation.

Toyo Ito

He was born in Seoul. In 2013, Ito won the Pritzker Prize.


Horrible Bosses

Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy movie. It was directed by Seth Gordon. The story is about sexual harassment, corrupt bosses and plots to murder. Jason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, Charlie Day, Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, Jamie Foxx and Donald Sutherland star in the movie. The movie was released in July 8, 2011. It received positive reviews. It made less than $210 million worldwide. "Horrible Bosses" is 98 minutes long. A sequel, "Horrible Bosses 2", was released on November 28, 2014.


Rock of Ages (2012 movie)

Rock of Ages is a 2012 romantic comedy movie. Catherine Zeta-Jones, Julianne Hough and Tom Cruise are in this movie. The movie is about the 1980s and on rock bands. This movie got mixed reviews from the critics. Its box office intake was very low.

Federal Republic of Central America

The Federal Republic of Central America was known as the United Provinces of Central America in its first year of creation. It was an independent nation in Central America. It was made up of the former territories of the Mexican Empire. It existed from September 1821 to 1841. It was a republican democracy. 

The republic was made up of the present-day countries of Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica (Panama was part of the Republica de Colombia in 1821). Los Altos was added to the republic in the 1830's. Its capital was Quetzaltenango. Although the nation was independent of Spain, it had been annexed by the First Mexican Empire.

Guanacaste Province

Guanacaste is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the northwestern part of the country, bordering Nicaragua. The provincial capital is the city of Liberia.

The province is named for the guanacaste tree, also known as the ear pod tree, which is the national tree of Costa Rica.

The Guanacaste province borders the provinces of Alajuela to the east,and Puntarenas to the southeast and southwest. The Pacific Ocean is to the south and to the west, and Nicaragua is to the north of the province.

Guanacaste is the second largest province of Costa Rica, after the Puntarenas province, with an area of .

The province is in the northwest of Costa Rica, along the Pacific Ocean. Most of the territory of the province is flat or with low hills. The "Cordillera de Guanacaste" ("Guanacaste mountain range") is on the border with the Alajuela; in this range are four important volcanos:

The people of the province are known as "Guanacastecos" (women: "Guanacastecas".

The Guanacaste province had a population, in 2011, of 326,953 for a population density of inhabitants/km, the province with the lower density. The canton of Liberia, with 62,987 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Guanacaste

The Guanacaste province is divided in 11 cantons, which are divided into 59 Districts.

The main economic activity in the province is farming, mainly cattle raising. Important crops in the province are cotton, sugarcane and rice. Today Guanacaste has become one of the most touristic provinces in Costa Rica, thanks to the Guanacaste International Airport, which offers flights to the United States, the United Kingdom, and Europe. Tourism has reactivated the Guanacaste economy and exerting a change towards this new dynamic economy. Tourists choose Guanacaste for the combination of beaches as "Playas del Coco" and "Playa Tamarindo", and the sunny dry season that coincides with the winter months in northern latitudes, its beautiful and exotic beaches, world-class sport fishing in the Gulf of Papagayo, luxurious hotels and basic services. 

Many tourists also visit the national parks in the province. Santa Rosa National Park, Palo verde and Rincon de la Vieja are most visited places.

Saint Joseph's Day

Saint Joseph's Day is a Catholic festival to remember Joseph, the husband of Mary, the mother of Jesus. It is on March 19. It is also Father's Day in Spain, Portugal and Italy. Some churches outside the Roman Catholic Church also remember Joseph on this day.Saint Joseph was a carpenter who liked to work with wood, he worked every day to do the best he could and then Died.

H

Wipeout

Wipeout is an American reality game show that airs on ABC. Contestants compete in a series of obstacle courses in what is called the "world's largest obstacle course." The series started on June 24, 2008. It is hosted by John Henson and John Anderson; with Vanessa Lachey acting as a "on-location" host.

There are four rounds of gameplay. In the first round, 24 players play in the "qualifier" obstacle course. The 12 players who complete the course in the fastest time move on to the next round. In the second round, 12 players compete in another obstacle course. The first 6 players to complete the obstacle course move on to the third round. The third round is a third obstacle course. Here, the first 3 players to complete the obstacle course move on to the fourth and last round. The fourth round is the "Wipeout Zone." The 3 players left compete in one more obstacle course to complete the course in the fastest time. The player who completes it in the fastest time wins $50,000.


The Back-up Plan

The Back-up Plan is a 2010 American romantic comedy movie. It is about relationships and pregnancy. Melissa McCarthy and Jennifer Lopez are among the cast. This movie was released in April 2010. It got mixed reviews by critics. However, its box office intake was over $77 million.

Jimmy Durante

James Francis "Jimmy" Durante (February 10, 1893 – January 29, 1980) was an American comedian, actor, singer, and pianist. His famous nickname was "The Great Schnozzola" (a reference to his big nose). He was also known for his deep raspy voice when he said ""Ha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Chaaaaa!"". He won an Emmy Award in 1952.

Durante was born on February 10, 1893 in Brooklyn, New York. His family were Italian Catholics. He studied at the Saint Malachy's Roman Catholic Church (also known as The Actors' Chapel).

Durante started acting in movies in the 1930s. He worked in comedy series with silent movie legend Buster Keaton. He later appeared in "The Wet Parade" (1932), "Broadway to Hollywood" (1933), "The Man Who Came to Dinner" (1942, playing "Banjo", a character based on Harpo Marx), "Ziegfeld Follies" (1946), "Billy Rose's Jumbo" (1962, based on the 1935 musical) and "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" (1963).

On September 10, 1933, Durante appeared on Eddie Cantor's radio show, "The Chase and Sanborn Hour". He worked on the show until November 12 of that year. When Cantor later left, Durante took over the show as its star from April 22 to September 30, 1934. He then moved on to "The Jumbo Fire Chief Program" (1935–36).

On August 4, 1955, "The Jimmy Durante Show" on NBC was the venue of the final role by the famous Brazilian singer Carmen Miranda. Miranda fell to her knees while dancing with Durante, who quickly told the band, "STOP--the music!" He helped Miranda up to her feet as she laughed, "I'm all out of breath!". He repled, "That's OK, honey, I'll take your lines." Miranda laughed again and quickly pulled herself together and finished the show. However, the next morning, August 5, Miranda died at home from another heart attack.

Durante was married to Jeanne Olsen from 1921 until her death in 1943 from heart disease. He was later married to Margie Little from 1960 until his own death in 1980. Little and Durante adopted one daughter, Cecilia Alicia.

Durante was a member of the Democratic Party. He retired in 1972 after having many strokes which left him in a wheelchair.

Durante died on January 29, 1980 in his home in Santa Monica, California. He died from pneumonia, and was 86 years old. He is buried at the Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City, California.


Gríðr

In Norse mythology, Gríðr (Old Norse: truce, equivalent of the Greek Ekecheiria) is a female jötunn and a lover of the god Odin. By Odin, she is the mother of Víðarr, the equivalent of the Roman Aeneas, according to Snorri Sturlasson. When Loki schemed to have Thor killed, she gave Thor a number of magical items, which included a pair of gauntlets known as Járngreipr and a staff, Gríðarvölr. 

Robert A. Taft

Robert Alphonso Taft (September 8, 1889 – July 31, 1953) was an American politician for the Republican Party. He was the son of President William Howard Taft. He served as the Senator of Ohio from January 3, 1939 until his death in July 31, 1953. Taft was also the Senate Majority Leader from January 3, 1953 until his death on July 31, 1953. He is thought to be one of the greatest Senators in American history. He ran for President four times from 1940, 1944, 1948, and in 1952.

Taft was born on September 8, 1889 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He studied at Taft School, at Yale University and at the Harvard Law School. Taft was married to Martha Wheaton Bowers from 1914 until his death in 1953. They had four sons. Taft died on July 31, 1953 in a hospital in New York City, New York from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 63.


Jay Inslee

Jay Robert Inslee (born February 9, 1951) is an American politician. In 2013, he became the 23rd Governor of the US state of Washington. Before becoming the governor, he was a United States Congressman in the House of Representatives for more than 20 years. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Inslee is known for climate change policies and for his education reforms in Washington state. He was Chair of the Democratic Governors Association from 2018 to 2019.

On March 1, 2019, Inslee announced his campaign for President of the United States. He ended his campaign on August 21, 2019.

Inslee was born in Seattle, Washington. He graduated from the University of Washington and Willamette University College of Law. A politically active student, he became a criminal prosecutor after graduation.

He was in the Washington House of Representatives from 1989 to 1993. In 1992, Inslee was elected to represent in the United States House of Representatives. He was defeated for reelection in 1994. Inslee briefly returned to private legal practice. He made his first run for Governor of Washington in 1996, but lost.

He was regional director for the United States Department of Health and Human Services under President Bill Clinton.

Inslee returned to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1999, this time for . He was reelected six times before announcing that he would make another run for governor in the 2012 election. He resigned from Congress to focus on his campaign.

He defeated Republican Rob McKenna, the Attorney General of Washington. Inslee was reelected to a second term in 2016, defeating Republican Seattle Port Commissioner Bill Bryant, 54% to 46%.

He became known nationwide for his climate change reforms and for his criticisms of President Donald Trump. Inslee, State Attorney General Bob Ferguson and State Solicitor General Noah Purcell sued the Trump Administration over Executive Order 13769. The case led to the order being blocked by the courts and it was later superseded by other executive orders.

In December 2018, Inslee created a PAC to raise money for a possible presidential bid in the 2020 election. On January 2, 2019, it was reported that Inslee was beginning to form an exploratory committee, the first step in a campaign.

On February 27, 2019, it was reported that Inslee would soon launch a campaign. He formally did so on March 1, 2019 in Seattle. He ended his campaign on August 21, 2019 citing low polling numbers. 

Inslee lives on Bainbridge Island, Washington. He and his wife Trudi have 3 children. He married Trudi in 1972.

He follows the Protestantism religion.


Scientific Research Institute of System Development

Scientific Research Institute of System Analysis (abbrev. SRISA/NIISI RAS, , ) is a research and development institution in Russia. It works to resolve complex applications by combining fundamental and applied mathematics and methods of practical computing. It is a project of the Russian Academy of Sciences. The institute was founded on October , 1986, by the Decree no. 1174 of the Presidium of the USSR Academy of Sciences.



Takeshi's Castle

Takeshi's Castle was a Japanese game show. It aired from 1986 to 1990 on the Tokyo Broadcasting System. It involved players going through tough physical challenges given by Japanese actor Takeshi Kitano. Between 100 and 142 players competed in an episode. Episodes finished with a "Final Challenge" where the players who were left faced against Kitano. Here, players had to hit a paper ring or hit the sensor on Kitano's cart with a water gun. If a player did so, Kitano's cart was deactivated, the castle was "taken," and the player won the game. Winning players won one million yen. Only nine players won during the show's run.

The show has been shown in over 20 countries. Episodes would have an announcer of the country's language commenting on the action. It has become a popular show around the world.

Boomerang (1992 movie)

Boomerang is a 1992 romantic comedy movie. It talks about relations between African-American adults. Eddie Murphy, Robin Givens, Martin Lawrence, Eartha Kitt, Halle Berry and Kenn Michael are among the cast. The movie has a runtime of around 117 minutes. The release date was July 1, 1992. The reviews for this romantic comedy were mixed to negative. But the box office revenue intake of $131 million made this movie a strong performer.

French Kiss (movie)

French Kiss is a 1995 American romantic comedy movie. Meg Ryan, Kevin Kline and Timothy Hutton are in the cast. The movie is about long-distance relationships. This movie was released in May 1995. The reviews were mixed to negative. The box office intakes was strong, however.

Molly (movie)

Molly is a romanctic comedy-drama movie from 1999. It is about autism and relationships. Elizabeth Shue plays the title character. This movie got bad reviews. Its box office intake was very weak.

Kristinia DeBarge

Kristinia DeBarge (born March 8, 1990) is an American singer. She sings mostly pop music. She is also an actress. DeBarge was born in Pasadena, California.

Britt Nicole

Brittany Nicole Waddell (known by her stage name, Britt Nicole; born August 2, 1984) is an American singer. She sings Christian pop music. Her song "Gold" was released in late 2012. Britt was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.


Mann Ranges

The Mann Ranges are mountain ranges in central Australia. They are in the far northwest of South Australia, with a small section running over the border into the Northern Territory. Tha ranges are part of the geological region known as the Musgrave Block, which also includes the Petermann and Musgrave Ranges. Mountains in this region were formed in the Petermann Orogeny (600–550 million years ago).

This area is part of the traditional country of the Pitjantjatjara nation. They associate it with spiritual stories about Wati Ngiṉṯaka (the perentie lizard man), a creation spirit from the Dreamtime. He is said to have created the landforms while travelling through the area during the Dreamtime. His route forms a network of songlines that are spiritually important to native people. The largest communities in the area are Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi.

The first European person to visit the area was William Gosse in 1873. With the help of local Aboriginal people, Gosse and his team explored the Mann Ranges after seeing the range from the top of Uluṟu. From the Mann Ranges, he went west to the Tomkinson Ranges, but turned back rather than trying to cross the Great Victoria Desert. He came back to the Mann Ranges and then went eastward to the Musgrave Ranges.

Curtin Springs

Curtin Springs is a large working cattle station in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is on the Lasseter Highway, east of Yulara. The property is in size. Mount Conner is inside the southern border of the property. Curtin Springs was built in 1943 and is owned and operated by the Severin family. It also includes a roadhouse, an inn and a campground.

In September and October 2012, bushfires destroyed over of bush, nearly a quarter of its pasture land.

27 Dresses

27 Dresses is a 2008 American romantic comedy movie. Katherine Heigl plays a bridesmaid. The movie got mixed reviews. The movie made a lot of money.

Edie Brickell

Edie Arlisa Brickell (born March 10 1966) is an American singer and recording artist. She performs pop-rock music. She was very popular in the late 1980s. Brickell was born in Dallas, Texas. She is married to singer and songwriter Paul Simon. In 2013 she recorded an album with comedian Steve Martin.

Mine (song)

"Mine" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. The song tells of running away from relationships due to observing heartache and breakups. The song was released August 4, 2010. It got good reviews from the music critics.

Pope Gregory II

Pope Gregory II (; 669 – 11 February 731) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 89th Pope from 19 May 715 to his death on 11 February 731.

Gregory was born in Rome. He was born in 669.

Gregory was elected pope in 731. 



Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall

The Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall () is a museum dedicated to urban planning. The museum is in Beijing, China. It was opened in 2005 and was the first museum in China dedicated to urban planning. After it was opened, many urban planning museums were opened in Chinese cities. 


Peter Shirayanagi

Shirayanagi was born in Hachiōji, Tokyo. He studied in Rome.

Shirayanagi was ordained as a priest in 1954.

Shirayanagi was named Archbishop of Tokyo in 1970. As a leader of Japanese Bishops, Shirayanagi encouraged the Japanese to seek reconciliation with former enemies in Asia.

In 1994, Pope John Paul II created Cardinal Shirayanagi. He retired in 2000, and his title became "Emeritus Archbishop of Tokyo".


Redoak, Louisiana

Redoak is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Federal Military Memorial Cemetery

The Federal Military Memorial Cemetery () is a national cemetery in north-west Moscow, Russia. The cemetery is considered as the Russian equivalent to Arlington National Cemetery. 

The cemetery was re-opened in June 2013, after 5 years of construction.


Colors (movie)

Colors is a 1988 American police procedural crime drama movie. It was directed by Dennis Hopper and stars Robert Duvall and Sean Penn. They play Los Angeles Police Department officers Bob Hodges and Danny McGavin who tackle gang crime.

Peter Takeo Okada

Shirayanagi was born in Ichihara, Chiba.

Shirayanagi was ordained as a priest in 1973.

Shirayanagi was named Archbishop of Tokyo in 2000.

Okada died on 18 December 2020 in Saitama, Saitama at aged 79.


Two World Wars and One World Cup

"Two World Wars and One World Cup" is a football song sung by fans of the England national football team. It is about the British wins in the World Wars and England's win in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

Haifa International Convention Center

Haifa International Convention Center is a convention center in Haifa, Israel. It opened in 1996. The convention center is located in the south entrance to Haifa, near to the hi-tech park and the new international stadium. 


Sokolniki Exhibition and Convention Centre

Sokolniki Exhibition and Convention Centre is a convention centre in Moscow, Russia. It is in Sokolniki Park. The convention hall was opened in 1959. It was the first commercial hall after the opening of the All-Russia Exhibition Centre in 1935.


Boeing 737 MAX

The Boeing 737 MAX is a new family of Boeing 737. It is made by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. These airplanes replaced the Boeing 737 Next Generation family. It is the fourth family of 737. The biggest change is the engines. The 737 MAX has new, better CFM International LEAP-1B engines. The outside of the plane also got changes. The very first 737 MAX was delivered in 2017, 50 years after the first Boeing 737 took off. Boeing had 4,166 orders for the 737 MAX as of September 2022. Larger and smaller versions have different capacity and range.

After two fatal crashes of MAX 8 aircraft in October 2018 and March 2019, regulatory authorities around the world ordered airlines to stop using MAX 8 and MAX 9 airplanes until the reason for the crashes is found. Boeing stopped making them for a few months in early 2020, and resumed at a slow rate. Various regulatory authorities authorized a return to service in December 2020 and January 2021.

Since 2006, Boeing has been thinking about replacing the 737 with a completely new design.

In 2010, Airbus said it was making the Airbus A320neo family, which is an improved version of the Airbus A320 family. Airlines started ordering a lot of A320neos. AirAsia and IndiGo are examples. This made Boeing's managers allow the 737 MAX to be developed on August 30, 2011. Boeing said that the 737 MAX will use 16% less fuel than the Airbus A320 and 4% less than the Airbus A320neo. Boeing thinks the 737 MAX will be able to fly farther than Airbus A320neo. The first 737 MAX aircraft is supposed to be delivered in 2017.

The 737 MAX only has three types. They are the 737 MAX 7, 737 MAX 8 and 737 MAX 9. The 737 MAX 7 will replace the 737-700, the 737 MAX 8 will replace the 737-800 and the 737 MAX 9 will replace the 737-900ER. The -700, -800 and -900ER sold the most out of the 737 Next Generation family.

At first, Boeing would not say which airlines had ordered 737 MAX planes (except American Airlines). On November 17, 2011, Boeing said that nine airlines had ordered 700 planes. On December 13, 2011, Southwest Airlines said they had ordered 150 aircraft. In December 2011, Boeing had 948 orders from 13 airlines.

In January 2012, Norwegian Air Shuttle said it had ordered 100 Boeing 737 MAX planes. This is the first 737 MAX order from Europe. In July 2012, Virgin Australia said it would buy 23 MAX aircraft. Later that month, Air Lease Corporation (ALC) said it would buy 75 MAX aircraft. On July 12, 2012 United Airlines said it would order 100 Boeing 737 MAX 9 and 50 737-900ER aircraft. This entire order costs $14.8 billion.

In late July 2012, Aeromexico said it would buy 90 737 MAX 8 aircraft. In August 2012, Silk Air said it would order 31 737 MAX 8 and 23 737-800 aircraft. In September 2012, Avolon said it had ordered 10 737 MAX 8s, 5 737 MAX 9s and 10 737-800s.

On October 1, 2012, Gol Transportes Aéreos said it has ordered 60 737 MAX 8s. On October 3, GECAS ordered 75 737 MAX 8s and 10 737-800s. On the same day, 22 Boeing 737 MAX 8s were ordered. The airline who ordered these planes is not known. On October 11, 2012, Alaska Airlines ordered 50 Boeing 737s, 20 737 MAX 8, 17 737 MAX 9, and 13 Boeing 737-900ERs.

On November 4, 2012, ALAFCO ordered 20 Boeing 737 MAX 8s. On November 5, 2012, Aeromexico bought 90 Boeing 737 MAX 8s and 9s.

On December 6, 2012, Icelandair bought 12 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft (8 MAX 8s, and 4 MAX 9s).

On January 2, 2013, Aviation Capital Group (ACG) bought 60 737 MAX aircraft. 50 of them are the MAX 8. 10 are the MAX 9. This order has the 1,000th order in it.

On February 7, 2013, American Airlines said it would definitely buy 100 Boeing 737 MAX 8s. On February 13, 2012, Icelandair made its order bigger. They have now bought 16 aircraft (9 Boeing 737 MAX 8s, and 7 Boeing 737 MAX 9s).

On May 14, 2013, Turkish Airlines ordered 50 737 MAX aircraft (40 MAX 8s, 10 MAX 9s).

Boeing spent a lot of 2011 looking at two different diameters of CFM International LEAP-1B engine: or . Both of these would mean that Boeing would have to make some changes to the wheels, because the engines need to be above the ground. Boeing said the bigger engine would use less fuel. However, because it is bigger, it would make more drag and be heavier. This would mean that even more changes would be needed.

Both engines are bigger than the CFM56-7B engines on the Boeing 737 Next Generation. The new engine will use 10–12% less fuel than the engines on the 737NG. It has been said that Boeing are looking at parts of the plane that can be changed to make less drag and burn less fuel.
In November 2011, Boeing said it would use the diameter engine. The landing gear will need to be made longer by 6–8 inches (15–20 cm). This is to make sure the engines stay above the ground. Boeing will probably say exactly what the 737 MAX looks like sometime in 2013. On May 17, 2012, Boeing said the engine's diameter had been made bigger. This means it is now 69.4 inches (176 cm).

The 737 MAX will have the Boeing Sky Interior. The Boeing Sky Interior is like the cabin of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The 737 MAX will also have winglets.

The winglets used on the 737 MAX will be different to the winglets on the 737NG. Boeing says the new winglets will help the plane use 1.5% less fuel.

Boeing does not want to change the cockpit because they want it to be similar to the cockpit on the 737NG. Boeing also wants to add some more fly-by-wire to the 737 MAX. However, Boeing said that changes will be "very minimal".


Sources: Boeing 737 specifications


Kellie Pickler

Kellie Dawn Pickler (born June 28, 1986) is an American country music singer, songwriter-actress and television personality. She has had several hit songs. She was born in Albemarle, North Carolina.



Walter E. Washington Convention Center

The Walter E. Washington Convention Center is a convention center in Washington D.C., United States. The convention hall is one of the largest convention buildings in the world. It replaced an old convention building that was demolished in 2004.


Port of London

The Port of London was the main port of London. It no longer operates as a port: see London Docklands for an account. The river now operates as an alternative means of travel for work and recreation. It is not a major commercial port for importing and exporting goods. The Port of London Authority is still the legal authority controlling all use of the river.

The port was in the Thames at the city center. Major import and export trade is now done at the container port at Felixstowe in Suffolk. In 2010 the British government started building a new port outside the city, on the north bank of the river in Thurrock, Essex. The new project is called: London Gateway.


Tel Aviv Port

Tel Aviv Port (נמל תל אביב; Namal Tel Aviv) was an old port in Tel Aviv, Israel. It was used between the years 1938 and 1965. It was next to the mouth of the Yarkon River. After it closed in 1965, it was moved to Ashdod Port and became a warehouse area. In the 2000s, it was renovated and became a ​​commercial and recreational area. Programs of reconstruction and rehabilitation are being carried out after more than ten years. The Tel Aviv Port was a part of a big development area called the Yarkon River Peninsula. It was built beside the Orient Fair and looks like a peninsula from above. The area around the port was built in the 1930s.



Jaffa Port

Jaffa Port is an ancient port in Old Jaffa, Israel. The port has history from the time of the Bible until the 20th century. In 1936 the Tel Aviv Port was opened on the mouth of the Yarkon River to replace Jaffa Port. In 1965 the Ashdod Port next to Lakish River and was built to replace the ports at Jaffa and Tel Aviv. In the 2000s, the port area was renovated and become an area of commercial and recreation for tourists and visitors.


Acre Port

Acre Port is an ancient port in the old city of Acre, Israel. The port has a 2000-year-old history. Recent archaeology suggests that the port was originally in the south of Acre, at the mouth of Na'aman River. The port was closed in the time of the British Mandate, which chose to use the Haifa Port instead of Acre. In 1965, a new breakwater was built. In 1982, the port became a marina.


Abbotsford International Airport

Abbotsford International Airport is a public airport in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada. It is about 4.1 km (2.5 mi) southwest of Abbotsford's city centre.

It is the second-largest airport in the Lower Mainland after Vancouver International Airport. In 2010, it was the nineteenth busiest airport in Canada by aircraft movements (102,128) and passengers (503,693).

The airport's IATA code, YXX, may seem unusual at first. However, the code gets its last two letters, XX, from an old railway station code near the airport. Most Canadian airports start with Y, which gives the code YXX.


List of governors of Washington

The Governor of Washington is the leader of the Executive branch of the State of Washington's government. Jay Inslee is currently serving as governor.

Washington became a state on November 11, 1889. The term for governor is four years. It begins on the second Monday in the January after the election.


Airliner

An airliner is a type of transport aircraft for transporting passengers and air cargo. Such aircraft are most often operated by airlines, and faster than ships or trains. The largest airliners are jet aircraft called "wide-body aircraft". These aircraft are frequently called "twin-aisle aircraft" because they generally have two separate aisles running from the front to the back of the passenger cabin. These aircraft are usually used for long-haul flights between airline hubs and major cities with many passengers. A smaller, more common class of airliners is the "narrow-body aircraft" or "single aisle" aircraft. These smaller airliners are generally used for short to medium-distance flights with fewer passengers than their wide-body counterparts.

<br>

Ghosts of Girlfriends Past

Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is a 2009 American romantic comedy fantasy movie. Emma Stone, Lacey Chabert, Michael Douglas and Anne Archer make up the cast. This movie looks at failures, heartache, rejection, love and romantic pain. It was released in May 2009. The reviews were negative. However, the movie did quite well at the box office.

The Spokesman-Review

The Spokesman Review Is a newspaper based in Spokane, Washington, in the United States. It is a broadsheet newspaper, meaning it is a lot longer than it is wide. A new one is written every day. It is Spokane's only daily newspaper.

"The Spokesman-Review" was started when two old newspapers merged (meaning they joined together to make one). Those newspapers were called "Spokane Falls Review" and "Spokesman", and they were merged in 1893. The first newspaper to be printed as "The Spokesman-Review" happened in June 29, 1894. It used to published three different newspapers each day: one for Spokane, one for Spokane Valley, and one for Northern Idaho. However, downsizing in 2007 caused "The Spokesman-Review" to only print one paper a day from then on.

"The Spokesman-Review" is thought to lean Liberal, especially when it involves opinions on city hall and hate-groups in the Eastern Washington-Northern Idaho area. Those hate groups didn't like that. In 1997, three far right militants were convicted of bombing the Spokane Valley office of "The Spokesman-Review".

"The Spokesman-Review" is owned by Cowles Publishing Company. Cowles also owns KHQ-TV, a news station in Spokane. This makes "The Spokesman-Review" one of only a few family-owned newspapers in the United States. However, Cowles gets criticized for allegedly using its many news outlets to affect public opinion, and this makes "The Spokesman-Review" criticized for the same reasons. Once, something called "the River Park Square garage issue" occurred, in which Cowles could have made $20 million for affecting public opinion. An independent review by the Washington News Council showed that "The Spokesman-Review" did have bias on the issue.

"The Spokesman-Review" is Washington State's third most read newspaper. Only the Seattle Times in Seattle and the News-Tribune in Tacoma are read by more people.

Teresa Palmer

Teresa Mary Palmer (born 26 February 1986) is an Australian actress, model, writer and producer. She acts mostly in movies. She acted in "The Grudge 2" in 2006, in "December Boys", and in "Bedtime Stories" with Adam Sandler.

21 &amp; Over

21 and Over is a party comedy movie released in early 2013. The movie looks at underage drinking and college partying. This movie got very bad review by critics. The box office intake was positive.

Broken City

Broken City is an American crime drama thriller movie. Catherine Zeta-Jones and Mark Wahlberg are in the cast. The movie is about murder and betrayal over seven years. It got bad reviews from movie critics. It did not make much money.

Bed bug infestation

A bed bug bite can cause skin rashes and allergic reactions. Bed bug bites can cause visible marks on a person's skin. To be certain that marks on the skin come from bites, person needs to find bed bugs around the sleeping area. Treatment involves the elimination of the insect.

Because of growth of population and constant growth of developed countries, bed bug bite cases have been rising a lot in 1980s–1990s. The reason behind it is unclear - most think that it is caused by increase in international traveling, increase in second hand furniture market and growing immunity to anti bed bug sprays. Bed bugs have been known to human for thousands years.

Virginia Madsen

Virginia Madsen (born September 11, 1961) is an American actress who acts mostly in movies. Her career began in the 1980s and has included many notable television and movie roles. Her best known role was Helen in "Candyman" (1992). Madsen was born in Chicago.

Joe Lieberman

Joseph Isadore "Joe" Lieberman (born February 24, 1942) is a former United States Senator from Connecticut. Before that he was the Attorney General of Connecticut and a member of the Connecticut Senate. When he was a senator, he had another position, Chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. He was a former member of the Democratic Party, he was the party's nominee for vice president in the 2000 election. He is currently an Independent.

Lieberman was born in Stamford, Connecticut, the son of Marcia (née Manger) and Henry Lieberman, who ran a liquor store. His family was Jewish. His paternal grandparents emigrated from Poland and his maternal grandparents were from Austria.

In the 2000 election, he was chosen by Al Gore for his vice president. Lieberman and Gore lost the electoral vote to George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, but they won the popular vote.

Lieberman lives in New Haven, Connecticut.

Vatican Library

The Vatican Library is the library of the Holy See. Its official name is Vatican Apostolic Library ("Bibliotheca Apostolica Vaticana"). It was formally established in 1475. Its collections are very significant, it contains over 75,000 codices. There are over 150,000 manuscripts, and over 8,300 innucables. In total, there are over 2 million books and manuscripts. There is also a school for librarians, and a workshop to restore ancient tets and to create facsimile copies.

Very Large Telescope

The Very Large Telescope (VLT) is a telescope operated by the European Southern Observatory. It is on Cerro Paranal in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile.

The VLT consists of four separate telescopes, each with a main mirror 8.2 metres across. They are often used separately, but they can be used together to get a very high angular resolution. The observatory also has four movable Auxiliary Telescopes (ATs) of 1.8 m aperture.

It operates at visible and infrared wavelengths. Each individual telescope can detect objects roughly four billion times fainter than can be seen with the naked eye. When all the telescopes are combined, the facility can achieve an angular resolution of about 0.001 arc-second. This is equivalent to roughly two metres at the distance of the Moon.

The VLT is the most productive ground-based facility for astronomy: only the Hubble Space Telescope leads to more scientific papers in observational astronomy.

Among the pioneering observations carried out using the VLT are the first direct image of an exoplanet, the tracking of individual stars moving around the supermassive black hole at the centre of the Milky Way, and observations of the afterglow of the furthest known gamma-ray burst.

The four smaller 1.8-metre ATs are available and dedicated to interferometry. This allows the VLT to operate every night on visible and infrared wavelengths.


Pope Gregory V

Gregory V (; c. 972-18 February 999), also known as Bruno of Carinthia, was a German priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 139th Pope from 3 May 996 to 18 February 999. 

Bruno of Carinthia was a son of Otto I, Duke of Carinthia. He was made chaplain of the Holy Roman Emperor Otto III.

Bruno was elected pope in 996; and he chose to be called Gregory. He was the first German Pope.



Man on a Ledge

Man on a Ledge is a 2012 American action crime thriller movie. It is set in New York City. It is about an escaped convict who threatens to kill himself by jumping from a ledge on the 21st floor of a Manhattan hotel. It stars Sam Worthington, Elizabeth Banks and Jamie Bell. This movie did not get good reviews. It only barely got back its actual budget. The rating was PG-13.

Nick Cassidy (Sam Worthington) enters a hotel room, pretending to be called Joe Walker. After eating a meal and wiping his fingerprints off everything he touched, he climbs out of the window and stands on the ledge outside. He acts as if he is going to jump off to his death. Soon, people below notice and the police are called. When the police ask Nick if he has any requests, he asks to talk to negotiator Lydia Mercer (Elizabeth Banks), who is taking time off work after failing to convince someone not to jump off of the Brooklyn Bridge. When she tricks him into accepting a cigarette, she gets his fingerprint and the police soon find out his true name. Nick was sent to prison for a crime he did not commit, but escaped when he was allowed off prison grounds for his father's funeral. To prove he did not commit the crime, he is distracting the police whilst his brother Joey Cassidy (Jamie Bell), and his girlfriend Angie (Genesis Rodriguez) break into David Englander's (Ed Harris) vault to retrieve the diamond he was arrested for stealing. Nick believes Englander faked the diamond's theft in order to get money from his insurance, after the 2008 financial crisis. During this time Nick's old partner from when he was a policeman is trying to find out why Nick is on the ledge and out of prison. After realising that Englander's vault is near the hotel where Nick is, the police send a team of people to check that the vault has not been robbed. After being informed by Nick through an earpiece, Angie and Joey are able to hide whilst the police search the building.

When Joey and Angie finally break into the final vault, the diamond they are looking for is not there. Instead, they set off the alarms deliberately, meaning Englander, who is aware Nick is in the area, retrieves the diamond from a hidden panel in the wall. Joey and Angie then confront Englander in his office, forcing him at gunpoint to give them the diamond and handcuff himself to a heavy vault. A police team begins to chase Nick, believing he has explosives in the area, forcing him to flee the ledge and enter the hotel. Joey and Angie give the diamond to a hotel employee, who later hands it to Nick, helping him escape the police.

Englander escapes, ordering Marcus, a corrupt policeman who he employs, to kidnap Joey and Angie. When he realises Joey and Angie do not have the diamond, Marcus gives chase to Nick, who has been coaxed onto the roof by the police. David and Marcus then threaten to kill Joey unless Nick returns the diamond. Nick gives David the diamond, but soon jumps from the rooftop of the hotel onto a soft mattress, laid out by the police near the beginning of the film, to catch David, showing the crowd the diamond, finally proving he did not steal it and should not have been arrested. After Nick has been released from prison, he celebrates at a bar with Joey, Angie, Lydia, and his father, who faked his own death to give Nick a chance to escape. Joey asks Angie to marry him, presenting her a diamond from Englander's vault, and she agrees. The film ends as they all celebrate.

The film was unpopular amongst critics, barely being able to break even with its initial budget of $42 million.

The film's music was thought of as mediocre, not being as good as the author's other work (Henry Jackman).

The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray. It also had a steelbook released in Dutch areas. The DVD and Blu-ray had "budget" releases that were cheaper, but were not different.

The DVD and Blu-ray releases have audio-voiceovers on the special features. This means people who cannot see very well are still able to watch the film. This is not in the steelbook release though, as this release lacks any menus and plays the film automatically upon insertion. The steelbook's front cover also displays Sam Worthington in a different costume than he wore in the film.The back of the steelbook has errors on it that don't add up with the story. This means that the story might have been changed when the film was released in different countries.

The 4K UHD Blu-Ray was released on April 9, 2019.

The music in the film was made by Henry Jackman. This simple table below details all of the songs in the soundtrack and their lengths.

Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (American game show)

Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (sometimes called Millionaire) is an American quiz show based on the British show of the same name. One can win up to one million United States dollars ($1,000,000) on the show for answering fourteen (or fifteen in older versions) multiple choice trivia questions in a row.

The first version of the show was hosted by Regis Philbin and it aired on primetime on ABC. It aired from August 16, 1999 to June 27, 2002. The current syndicated version started airing on September 16, 2002. Meredith Vieira hosted it for eleven seasons, leaving to work on other projects. Cedric the Entertainer was signed up to be the next host, and episodes with Cedric started in September 2013. Cedric announced on April 30, 2014 that he would not return for a second season because of his busy schedule. Terry Crews was signed up to be the next host, and episodes with he started in September 2014. Terry announced then that he would not return for another season because of his busy schedule. Chris Harrison was signed up to be the next host, and episodes with him started in September 2015. Harrison remained on the show until its cancellation in May 2019.

The format of the show has changed several times since the show has been on the air. The original format featured fifteen multiple choice questions that got harder as a player continued, and the money amounts got higher. Starting in 2008, the show started using a clock and contestants were timed. If time ran out, they were forced to walk away with the last prize amount they won. The format changed again in 2010 where the first ten questions had random money amounts and difficulty. The second round is then similar to the older Millionaire shows. There are only fourteen questions in this version.

The format was changed back in 2015, the format featured fourteen multiple choice questions that got harder as a player continued, the money amounts got higher, the first 10 question amounts are no longer randomized.

On January 8, 2020, ABC renewed the show for a 21st season, hosted by Jimmy Kimmel. The new season premiered April 8, 2020 and its success led to the show being renewed for further seasons.


Married to the Mob

Married to the Mob is a 1988 American gangster romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Jonathan Demme. The story is about a woman trying to distance herself from Mafia networks. Michelle Pfeiffer, Joan Cusack and Nancy Travis are in the cast. The reviews of this movie were very positive. The box office intake was very high for this movie. The film was released on August 19, 1988, by Orion Pictures.


Pope Adrian I

Adrian I (c. 700 – 25 December 795) was Pope from 772 until his death in 795. Soon after he became pope, there was a threat from Desiderius, king of the Lombards. Adrian was forced to ask Charlemagne for help. In 787, there was the Second Council of Nicaea. The council allowed to venerate icons, in certain cases. 

Overvoltage

An overvoltage is whenever power circuits are raised beyond their desired levels. The conditions of an overvoltage are sometimes hazardous. Incidents that may lead to an overvoltage may include a solar flare or lightning.

Viverridae

The Viverridae is a family of small to medium-sized mammals, the viverrids. They are in the Feliformia, the cat-like carnivores.

The family is made up of 15 genera and 33 species. It was named by John Edward Gray in 1821. They are found all over the Oriental region, all over Africa and into southern Europe. 

As they live in Madagascar and Celebes, this shows they also lived in the tropics of the Old World, and beyond it, over Wallace's line.

Viverrids mostly live in tropical rainforest. They also live in woodland, savanna and mountains.


Many viverrids are civet cats, such as the genera "Vivera", "Civettictis" and "Viverricula". The term refers to their noticeable and (to us) unpleasant scent. It is sometimes used for other cats which happen to be rather smelly.

Vivverrids of the genus "Genetta" are known as 'genets', and there is another genus, "Poiana", which are called 'linsangs'. The genet "Genetta genetta" is the only viverid to live in Europe. It is the striped-tail one at top right in the illustration above.

Viverrids are the most basal ('primitive') of all the families of cat-like animals and less specialized than the Felidae. Their skeletons are similar to those of fossils dating back to the Eocene, up to 50 million years ago.

In external characters, they are distinguished from the Felidae by the hind foot being five-toed and typically by the longer muzzle and shorter limbs. The skull differs as does the dental formula. They have anal glands which may secrete a strong odour. Many species have striped tails.

Viverrids, though in the order Carnivora, are mostly omnivorous. The species popularly called "palm civets" are entirely herbivorous.

On January 13, 2004 the American Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued an embargo on the importation of Civets into the United States. They said that the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus was found in Civets from China.

Tubular bells

Tubular bells, also known as chimes, are a percussion instrument. They make a bell sound when hit with a mallet. They are used in Mike Oldfield's album "Tubular Bells".


Marco Belinelli

Marco Stefano Belinelli (born March 25, 1986 in San Giovanni in Persiceto) is an Italian basketball player. He used to play for the Golden State Warriors, for the Toronto Raptors, and for the New Orleans Hornets. In 2012, he started playing for the Chicago Bulls.

Starting his career in the youth teams of Virtus Bologna, Marco Belinelli made his professional debut in LegA in 2002. In the following year, he switched to the rival Bologna club, Fortitudo Bologna, due to his former club's financial troubles. He achieved an Italian championship with them in 2005.
In 2006, he represented Italy in the World Championships, with the team finishing in ninth place.
In 2007, he entered the NBA Draft, which took place on June 28, 2007, at Madison Square Garden in New York. The Golden State Warriors selected him as the eighteenth overall pick.
On August 11, 2010, he was traded to the New Orleans Hornets in exchange for Julian Wright. In 2011, he played in the playoffs as a starter for the New Orleans Hornets and had an impressive season.
During the 2011 European Championship, Italy managed to field its three NBA players: Marco Belinelli, Danilo Gallinari, and Andrea Bargnani. Despite being placed in a challenging group in the initial round, which included France, Germany, Serbia, Israel, and Latvia, Italy finished the competition with only one victory.
In 2014, he achieved an NBA championship with the San Antonio Spurs, becoming the first Italian player to accomplish this feat.
On July 13, 2015, he signed with the Sacramento Kings. On February 11, 2018, he signed with the Philadelphia 76ers.
On July 1, 2018, he made a return to the San Antonio Spurs, signing a two-year contract worth twelve million dollars.
On November 26, 2020, he left the NBA and returned to Virtus Bologna.

Tjunti

Tjunti is a soakage site near Kaḻṯukatjara, in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is where the Hull River cuts through the Petermann Ranges. It is about to the southeast of Kaḻṯukatjara (41 km by road, along the Tjukaruru Road). Tjunti is the site where the famous gold prospector Harold B. Lasseter took refuge on his fatal search for Lasseter's Reef. An outstation was established here in 1977, and belongs to a Pitjantjatjara family.

The gap in the mountains is formed here by the Hull River, a sandy creek that is usually dry. It splits the Curdie Range in the south from the Mannanana Range in the north. There are several soaks and rockholes in the area.

The small cave where Lasseter took refuge is (now commonly called Lasseter's Cave in English). This is an opening in a rock formation in the Mannanana Range (). Lasseter took shelter here for about 25 days during January 1931. He was trying to find a rich gold deposit that he claimed to have discovered in the area on an earlier expedition. His camels ran away, and he was stranded in the desert without food. While taking shelter in the cave, Lasseter wrote about his journey in his diary. He was later found by a local Pitjantjatjara family, who gave him food and water. After this, Lasseter decided to leave the cave and tried to walk the to Kata Tjuṯa. He was weak from dehydration, malnutrition and exhaustion, and he died three days later, after walking about .


Nate Robinson

Nathaniel Cornelius "Nate" Robinson (born May 31, 1984 in Seattle, Washington) is an American professional basketball player. In 2012, he started playing for the Chicago Bulls. He played for the New York Knicks, for the Boston Celtics, for the Oklahoma City Thunder, and for the Golden State Warriors.

Tom Thibodeau

Tom Thibodeau (born January 17, 1958 in New Britain, Connecticut) is an American basketball coach. He was the head coach of the Chicago Bulls. He was the assistant coach for many teams in the National Basketball Association including the Philadelphia 76ers, for the New York Knicks, and for the Boston Celtics. 

He won NBA Coach of the Year in 2011and in 2012 he won the NBA All-Star Game head coach. In 2012, he became the fastest coach in NBA history to earn 100 victories and finished as the runner-up for Coach of the Year. 

Doug Wilson

Douglas Frederick Wilson (born July 5, 1957 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that played in National Hockey League. He served as general manager of the San Jose Sharks from 2003 to 2022. 

Wilson was drafted by both the Chicago Black Hawks with the 6th overall pick in the 1977 NHL Draft and the Indianapolis Racers with the 5th overall pick in the 1977 WHA Amateur Draft.

Wilson played 14 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks and was then acquired by the San Jose Sharks before the Sharks first season. He played 2 seasons with the Sharks and brought credibility and respect to the young franchise before announcing at the Sharks training camp during the 1993-94 NHL season that he was going to retire from professional hockey.

He was inducted into the Chicago Sports Hall of Fame in September 1999. He replaced Dean Lombardi when he was hired as general manager of the San Jose Sharks on May 13, 2003. His brother Murray Wilson also played professional hockey in the NHL and won four Stanley Cups with the Montreal Canadiens.


The Bling Ring

The Bling Ring is an American-British-French-German-Japanese biographical crime drama movie that was released in June 2013. A gang of young burglars use the Internet to find and rob celebrities' houses. Leslie Mann and Emma Watson have parts in the movie. The movie has an MPAA R rating.

The Vow (2012 movie)

The Vow is a 2012 romance comedy drama movie. The cast includes Rachel McAdams, Channing Tatum and Jessica Lange. The subjects in this movie are amnesia, marriage and love. This romantic comedy got negative reviews while in theaters. However, the movie made over $196 million worldwide and became a success.

Indecent Proposal

Indecent Proposal is a 1993 American romantic drama movie. It was directed by Adrian Lyne. Robert Redford, Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson make the cast. The movie is about a gambler who offers a couple one million dollars if he can spend a night with the wife. Reviews for "Indecent Proposal" were mixed. The box office intake was good.

Liam Jurrah

Liam Jungarrayi Jurrah (born 22 September 1988) is a professional Australian rules footballer. He used to play for the Melbourne Football Club. Jurrah was recruited by Melbourne Football Club from the Yuendumu Magpies (CAFL) in 2008. His first game was against Essendon at Etihad Stadium in the 2009 season.

Jurrah was born in Yuendumu, in the Northern Territory. He was the first indigenous person from a remote community in central Australia to play in the Australian Football League. He is an initiated member of the Warlpiri people. His skin name is "Jungarrayi". He grew up speaking four different dialects of the Western Desert, and learned English at school. Jurrah began playing Australian rules football when he was very young. He played for the local team, the Yuendumu Magpies, against other communities such as Papunya, Lajamanu and Hermannsburg.


Furuset Forum

Furuset Forum is a sports arena in Oslo, Norway. The seating capacity of the arena is 1,498 people. It was built in 1979. The main sport played on it is ice hockey. It is also used by other sports for training and events. These include handball and floorball. It is near the metro which makes it popular and easy to get to. The arena has disabled parking spots, food and drink facilities. It is the home of the Furuset ice hockey team.

Eric Nesterenko

Eric "Sonja" Nesterenko (October 31, 1933 – June 6, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre that played 21 seasons in the National Hockey League.

Wilson played 5 seasons with the Toronto Maple Leafs and 16 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks. He also played for the Chicago Cougars of the World Hockey Association in 1973–74 as well as coached a year in Switzerland. He won the Stanley Cup with the Black Hawks in the 1960-61 NHL season. He retired from professional hockey in 1971 and since that time he has worked as a disc jockey, a stockbroker, a travel broker, a freelance writer, a university professor and a ski instructor. He also acted in the movie, "Youngblood", where he played the father of Rob Lowe's character Dean Youngblood.

Nesterenko died on June 6, 2022 at the age of 88.


Yuendumu

Yuendumu is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is one of the larger remote communities in central Australia. It is 293 km northwest of Alice Springs. There are about 817 people living at Yuendumu; most are Warlpiri and Anmatyerre Aboriginal people. The town is within the Yuendumu Aboriginal Lands Trust area on traditional homelands and includes many outstations.

Yuendumu was established in 1946. In 1947, a Baptist mission was started there. By 1955, many Warlpiri families had settled in the town. In 2006, Yuendumu has three community stores, a school, airstrip, swimming pool, a large community of Aboriginal artists, a media organisation, a church, an old people's centre, women's centre and safe house.


Valley Girl (movie)

Valley Girl is a 1983 American romantic comedy movie set in Los Angeles. It is about school partying, attitude and relationships. Nicolas Cage and Colleen Camp are part of the cast. The reviews were very good. The movie made over $17 million.

Marg Helgenberger

Mary Margaret "Marg" Helgenberger (November 16, 1958) is an American actress. She acts in both television programs and movies. She has won the People's Choice, Emmy and Screen Actors Guild Awards. Helgenberger is best known for her action on the TV series "". She was born in Fremont, Nebraska. 

Pink Cadillac (movie)

Pink Cadillac is a 1989 action comedy movie. The movie is about white supremacists from whom a woman tries to get away driving a pink Cadillac. Clint Eastwood, Bernadette Peters, Geoffrey Lewis, and Frances Fisher have roles in this comedy. The reviews of "Pink Cadillac" were negative. Its box office intake was very weak.

Wayne Hicks

Wayne Wilson Hicks (born April 9, 1937 in Aberdeen, Washington) is a retired American professional ice hockey right winger that played 6 seasons in the National Hockey League.

Wilson played 1 game with the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1961 Stanley Cup Finals and helped them win a Stanley Cup. He then played 1 season with the Boston Bruins before joining the Montreal Canadiens for 1 season. After his season with the Canadiens was finished, he moved to the Pittsburgh Penguins for 1 season and then the Philadelphia Flyers for 1 season. He retired from professional hockey in 1974 after 4 season with the Phoenix Roadrunners of the Western Hockey League.

His son Alex Hicks also played hockey in the NHL with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Pittsburgh Penguins, San Jose Sharks, and Florida Panthers.


Ye Wanyong

Ye Wanyong (, Hanja: , 7 June 1858 – 12 February 1926), also known as Yi Wanyong, was a politician, diplomat and writer of during the Korean Joseon dynasty. He was prime minister of the Korean Empire in 1896 and from 1907 to 1909. He signed the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1910. His penname was Ildang (일당, 一堂).


Cantonese

Cantonese might mean:


Lenovo

Lenovo is a China -American computer company that makes computers, laptops, tablets, and other devices.

Lenovo was founded in Beijing in 1984 as Legend and was incorporated in Hong Kong in 1988. Lenovo acquired IBM's personal computer business in 2005 and agreed to acquire its Intel-based server business in 2014. In January 2014, Lenovo agreed to acquire the mobile phone handset maker Motorola Mobility from Google, and in October 2014 the deal was finalized.

"Lenovo" is a portmanteau word of "Le-" (from Legend) and "novo", Latin ablative for "new". The Chinese name () means "association" (as in "word association") or "connected thinking".

Park Je-sun

Park Je-sun (; , 7 December 1858 – 20 June 1919) was a Korean politician and diplomat during the Joseon dynasty. He was the Prime Minister of the Korean Empire between 1905 to 1907, and 1909 to 1910. He was a very important person of the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1910.


Julie &amp; Julia

Julie & Julia is a 2009 drama-comedy movie. The movie is about two women who have similar first names and like to do similar things. Meryl Streep plays Julia Child. This movie was rated PG-13 by the MPAA. Reviews for "Julie & Julia" were mostly positive. The overall intake was $129 million.

East Point, Louisiana

East Point is an Unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Project Runway (season 1)

Project Runway Season 1 was the first season of "Project Runway" series. The season aired first on December 1, 2004. The winner was Jay McCaroll. He won several prizes including an "Elle" spread, a $100,000 cash prize to start his own line and more. Austin Scarlett later appeared in "Project Runway: All Stars" in 2012, where he finished runner-up. Wendy Pepper, in the same year, competed in the second season of the All Stars edition placing 12th out of 13.

The 12 models competing for an "ELLE" spread in the first season were:

Pope Gregory VI

Pope Gregory VI (; died 1048), born Johannes Gratianus, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 149th Pope from 1 May 1045 until his abdication on 20 December 1046.

Johannes Gratianus was born in Rome, but the date of his birth is not known. 

Gratianus became pope in 1045; and he took the name Gregory. There was a problem in the way he became pope. 

Gregory VI willingly resigned; and then he retired to a monastery.

Hildebrand was the papal chaplain. This priest stayed with the former pope until his death in Cologne.



Royal Palace, Oslo

The Royal Palace (, or ) in Oslo, Norway is the official home of the present Norwegian monarch. It was built in the early 19th century as the Norwegian home of King Charles III. He was King of Sweden as well as Norway. The palace has 173 rooms.

Before the Royal Palace was built, Norwegian royalty lived in "Paleet". It was a very nice town house in Christiania. Paleet was given to the government of Norway by a rich merchant named Bernt Anker in 1805. During the last years of the union with Denmark, it was used by the viceroys of Norway. In 1814, the first king of independent Norway, Christian Frederick used it as his home. 

King Charles III John picked the site for the Royal Palace on the western side of Christiania in 1821. He had the inexperienced Dutch-born architect Linstow design the building. The Parliament approved the cost of 150 000 Speciedaler. Work on the site started in 1824. On 1 October 1825, the king laid down the foundation stone beneath the altar of the future Royal chapel. 

The cost of the foundation works caused the building to cost more than expected. They had to stop construction in 1827. It was started again in 1833. During this time, the Storting would not approve more money for the construction. They did this because they did not like that the king was trying to create closer ties between Norway and Sweden. In 1833, Linstow changed his plans to reduce the cost. Improved relations with the king made the Storting approve the money to finish the construction. The roof was put on in 1836. The inside of the building was finished during the late 1840s. King Charles John, who died in 1844, never lived in his palace. The first people to live in the palace were his son Oscar I and his queen Josephine. 


Boeing Model 40

The Boeing Model 40 was a mail plane. It was made in the 1920s. The Boeing Model 40 was a biplane with one engine. It was used a lot to deliver mail in the 1920s and 1930s. It was the first plane made by Boeing which carried passengers.

In 1925, the US Post Office asked for a mail plane to replace the DH-4s that it was using then. The new plane would need to use the same engine as the DH-4. A lot of these could be bought. The Boeing Model 40 could carry up to of mail. The mail was stored in two places at the front of the plane. The wings were made of wood. The Model 40 had landing gear that did not move.

The Model 40 flew for the first time on July 7, 1925. The US Post Office bought the prototype of the Model 40, but it decided to use the Douglas M-2 instead.

Later, Boeing made the Model 40A. The Model 40A had a new engine, which was lighter than the old one. A cabin was also made, which could carry passengers. of mail. The US Post Office let Boeing carry mail from San Francisco to Chicago in January 1927. Boeing built 24 Model 40As to do this.

The next type of Model 40 was the Model 40C. It had a bigger cabin so that four passengers could be carried. Model 40As had their engines changed to even lighter ones. Model 40As with this new engine were called the Model 40B-2. The Model 40B-4 was another model which had the cabin of the Model 40C and the engine of the Model 40B-2. Boeing Model 40s were made until February 1932.

Boeing made its own airline, which was called "Boeing Air Transport". It started flying from San Francisco to Chicago on July 1, 1927.



As of February 17, 2008, a Model 40 called Boeing 40C S/N 1043 is the only Model 40 which can still fly. It is the oldest Boeing plane which can still fly. In 1928, the aircraft was damaged after a crash. It was rebuilt by Pemberton and Sons Aviation in Spokane, Washington. On May 8, 2010, this plane flew with Boeing's newest plane, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner.

Many museums have some Model 40s in them.





Ray Benson

Ray Benson (born March 16, 1951 ) is an American country singer. He has been the singer and leader of the band Asleep at the Wheel since it was founded in 1969. With the band, Benson has released 20 albums and won 9 Grammy Awards. In 2003, he released his first solo album. Benson is also a producer. He has worked on albums and singles for Dale Watson, Suzy Bogguss, Aaron Watson, Carolyn Wonderland, Willie Nelson, Aaron Neville, Brad Paisley, Pam Tillis, Trace Adkins, Merle Haggard, and Vince Gill.

Ray Benson was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Jewish family. He started his band, Asleep at the Wheel, in 1969.

In March 2020, Benson was diagnosed with COVID-19.

Holger Juul Hansen

Holger Juul Hansen (August 14, 1924 – March 19, 2013) was an Danish actor. 

Hansen was in many Danish movies and television shows. He was best known for his roles as the banker Hans Christian Varnæs, head of one of the two rival families in "Matador", and as Doctor Moesgaard in "The Kingdom".

Hansen was born on August 14, 1924 in Nyborg, Denmark. Hansen died on March 19, 2013 in Denmark from natural causes, aged 88. 

Marty Allen

Marty Allen (born Morton David Alpern, March 23, 1922 – February 12, 2018) was an American comedian, actor, activist, and writer. Allen was known for his stand-up comedy jokes in nightclubs in California and in Las Vegas. He also wrote books about his career and support many foundations.

Allen was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to a Jewish family. He studied at Taylor Allderdice High School and at the University of Southern California. Allen was married to Frenchie Allen until her death in 1976. Then he was married to Katie Blackwell from 1984 until his death in 2018. He had no children. 

Allen lived in Las Vegas, Nevada and in Los Angeles, California. He died of problems from pneumonia in Las Vegas on February 12, 2018. He was 95.


Robin Stjernberg

Robin James Olof Stjernberg born 22 February 1991, Hässleholm, Sweden) is a Swedish pop singer. He represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö on 18 May 2013 with the song "You".

Eurovision Song Contest 2013

The Annual Eurovision Song Contest was held in Malmö, Sweden. The semifinals were on 14 and 16 May. The final was on 18 May 2013. The host for the contest was Swedish Comedian Petra Mede. Denmark won the competition.

Italy, Sweden and the United Kingdom also voted in this semi-final. The songs colored in orange qualified for the final.
Germany, France and Spain voted in this semi-final. The songs colored in orange qualified for the final.


Adjustment disorder

Adjustment disorder happens when a person is unable to cope with or adjust to certain stressors. People who have adjustment disorder often have symptoms such as losing interest, being sad, crying, feeling anxious and constant worries. These symptoms are from outside stressors, although they resolve when individuals become used to the situations. The stressors may include, although are not limited to: hurricanes, being abused, accidents and traumatic events. This problem can happen at any age. In adults, however, adult women are diagnosed almost twice as often as men.

Rik Wilson

Richard William Wilson (June 17, 1962 – January 22, 2016) was an American sports trainer and retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 7 seasons in the National Hockey League.

Wilson played 5 seasons game with the St. Louis Blues and then joined the Calgary Flames for 2 games. He ended his NHL career with the Chicago Blackhawks after playing 14 games with them. He retired from professional hockey in 1988. Wilson currently owns Power Play Performance Sports Training, a sports training center in St. Louis.

Wilson died on January 22, 2016 from unknown causes in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 53.

Valerie Mahaffey

Valerie Mahaffey (born June 16, 1953) is an American actress who acts mostly for television programs. She acted in the sitcom "Desperate Housewives". She has acted in some movies during her career. She was raised near Austin, Texas.

PaRappa the Rapper

PaRappa the Rapper is a rhythm video game created by Rodney Greenblat, Masaya Matsuura and his company, NanaOn-Sha, in 1996. The game is named after a beanie-wearing dog in the game, PaRappa, with his motto "I gotta believe!", rapping his way to win the heart of his crush, Sunny Funny, a flower. A PSP port of the original game was released in Japan in December 2006 in North America and Europe in July 2007.

While the gameplay is not challenging for experienced gamers, the game is remembered for its unique graphic design of 2D characters and 3D objects, its quirky soundtrack and its bizarre plot. Despite being made in Japan, all of the game's songs and dialogue are spoken in English in all versions. The game is named after the main character.

"PaRappa the Rapper" is a music game in which the main character, PaRappa, must make his way through each of the game's six stages by rapping. On each stage, the game alternates with the rapping teacher to PaRappa. There is a U 'RAPPING meter in the bottom right corner, which will show the player's performance with four levels, from top to bottom: "Cool", "Good", "Bad", and "Awful". The game works by a pattern of buttons (Triangle, Circle, Square, X, L, and R) PaRappa will have to copy. The teacher will set down a pattern and PaRappa will have to copy it. Players will stay on the "Good" ranking when staying to the beat. If he messes up two times in a row, he goes down a level. On the other hand, if he gets a pattern right, he moves up a level, with Good at the maximum. The player must clear the level on Good or Cool. If he clears it on Bad or Awful, or the meter goes below Awful during the game, he will have to try the level again. However, if the meter gets to Cool, the teacher will leave and PaRappa will be able to free-style. This is achieved by freestyling in a manner different to the predetermined lyric. If all of the levels are cleared with the meter on Cool, a bonus level, "K.T and the Sunny Funny Band", will be unlocked. However, the player must complete the game at least once before "Cool" can be reached.

The player takes on the role of Parappa, a paper-thin rapping dog, who is trying to win the heart of a flower-like girl named Sunny Funny. However, he is intimidated by the presence of Andrea grelli, a rich, narcissistic dog who goes overboard with his attempts to impress Sunny.

The game starts with a movie, "Jet Baby", being watched by the four main characters, PaRappa, Sunny, Katy Kat (a blue cat), and P.J Berri (a bear). When it's finished, they go to Chunky Burger, a restaurant. Somewhere after that, two bullies come up and pick on them, but they are stopped by Andrea grelli. However, he ends up chatting about his adventures, which take too long, and Sunny, P.J, and Katy leave. PaRappa thinks he should be a hero to impress Sunny, and decides to drop off at a kung-fu dojo, learning to fight with help from an onion, Chop Chop Master Onion. After that, they are at a plaza. PaRappa asks they should go down to a beach, but the others note they need a license and a car to do that. Andrea grelli, once again, arrives and shows them his new car, the Super Stretched Limo 900. They all like it, until Andrea grelli thinks Katy and Sunny should be with him at the front, and PaRappa and PJ all the way at the back. Both are far from amused. PaRappa then thinks if he had a car and license, he could take Sunny anywhere, and decides to drop off at a driver's education course to get his license, with help from a moose, Instructor Mooselini. After he gets his license, he still needs a car, and borrow's his dad's. He invites the others on. "You know, this is really a lot of fun. Wouldn't it be nice if we could so somewhere far far away?" Sunny's words echo in PaRappa's mind, and he doesn't pay attention to driving and instead thinks of him and Sunny on a date, but when their car crashes into a truck, and breaks into pieces, PaRappa has to go to a flea market owned by a frog, Prince Fleaswallow, to earn money to fix his car. Then, the day before Sunny's birthday arrives and PaRappa is assigned the job of getting a cake. However, he is knocked into the cake he spends his money on by Andrea grelli, who plans to win over PaRappa with his tall 42 story high cake. Since he is almost out of money, he needs to make a cake himself, following instructions from a cooking show by a chicken, "Cheap Cheap Chicken". The day comes, and his cake is a success. Katy gets an idea to leave PaRappa and Sunny alone, so she and PJ leave. Later, they watch the sunset together. Unfortunately, this goes wrong when PaRappa has a sudden urge to use the bathroom after eating most of the cake later that day. Sunny, on the other hand however, confuses him for "looking real manly today" instead of needing to go to the backroom. They decide to go home, but PaRappa, of course, stops at the restroom and sees his previous mentors, having to out-rap all of them to reach the only toilet in the restroom. Then, one night, he is invited to Club Fun, and asks Sunny to go with him, to which she agrees. After they arrive, PaRappa gets on stage with a spider, MC King Kong Mushi, then raps solo at the end of the song to express his true feelings for Sunny. Then the game ends when they all decide to see another movie.

The characters are 2D to preserve Rodney's unique style of artwork, who designed all of the characters. He was asked to help design the game from an interview by Masaya. Like in the "Paper Mario" series by Nintendo, all of the characters appear to be flat, two dimensional beings cut from paper while the surroundings are primarily three dimensional. The setting is a bright urban city; with its inhabitants ranging from animals (chickens, dogs, frogs, and cats), inanimate objects (onions, flowers, hammers), and some humans.

The game spawned a merchandising campaign in Japan, a spinoff in 1999, an anime series in 2001, and a direct sequel for the PlayStation 2 in 2002. PaRappa is a playable character in "PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale". There is another similar game by Masaya, "Vib Ribbon".

Croatian

Croatian might mean:


Powell River, British Columbia

Powell River is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Powell River is in the northern part of the Sunshine Coast region. 

The population of Powell River was 126,456 in 2011. The mayor of Powell River is Dave Formosa. The historic townsite was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1995. Powell River has an ice hockey team, the Powell River Kings which play in the British Columbia Hockey League. Powell River was named a "Cultural Capital of Canada" in 2004 because of the its strong arts and cultural programs.


Reactive attachment disorder

Reactive attachment disorder is a severe condition which affects children and is represented by markedly disturbed or substandard ways of socially relating onto others. The problem may take the form of constant failure to initiate social interaction or too much response to relative strangers. Obvious symptoms for those affected include a failure to form normal attachment to primary caregivers. This may result because of abuse, sudden separation, trauma or neglect. The condition begins to affect children usually between three and 36 months past birth.

Teresa of Ávila

Teresa of Ávila, also called Saint Teresa of Jesus, baptized as Teresa Sánchez de Cepeda y Ahumada, (March 28, 1515 – early or mid October 1582) was a well known Spanish mystic, Roman Catholic saint, Carmelite nun, writer of the Counter Reformation, and theologian of contemplative life through mental prayer. She was a reformer of the Carmelite Order and is considered to be a founder of the Discalced Carmelites along with John of the Cross.

In 1622, forty years after her death, she was canonized by Pope Gregory XV and was in 1970 named a Doctor of the Church by Pope Paul VI. Her books, which include her autobiography (The Life of Teresa of Jesus) and her seminal work El Castillo Interior (The Interior Castle) are an integral part of Spanish Renaissance literature as well as Christian mysticism and Christian meditation practices as she entails in her other important work, Camino de Perfección (The Way of Perfection).

'Would it not be gross ignorance, my daughters, if, when a man was questioned about his name, or country, or parents, he could not answer? Stupid as this would be, it is unspeakably more foolish to care to learn nothing of our nature except that we possess bodies, and only to realise vaguely that we have souls...


Charles Baudelaire

Charles Pierre Baudelaire (9 April 1821 – 31 August 1867) was a French symbolist and modernist poet and art critic.

He is best known for his volume of poetry "Les Fleurs du mal" (The Flowers of Evil) in 1857. Baudelaire was born in Paris, and studied law at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris. Baudelaire's first publication was his art review "Salon of 1845."


Alienware

Alienware Corporation is an American company, and, computer hardware manufacturer. The main product they create is gaming computers. They are a subsidiary of Dell. Alienware is mainly engaged in assembling personal computers (including laptops) from component third-party manufacturers. The company's products are used for graphically heavy applications, such as video and audio editing and modeling. 
The company was founded in 1996 Nelson Gonzalez and Alex Agila.

Alienware was the first one who brought a number of new technologies to the market:

Until 2006, the company was independent. It was a small firm that served only six countries (USA, Canada and four countries in Western Europe) and worked with all four languages. In 2006, it was bought by Dell, and from that time Alienware plans to be presented worldwide.

In modern portfolio, these are some Alienware products: two desktop gaming stations, three models of game laptops, two classes "replacement desktop" and one mobile, as well as a line of accessories.

Peggy Ann Garner

Peggy Ann Garner (February 3, 1932-October 16, 1984) was an American actress. She acted in many movies and television programs. She acted mostly during her childhood. She was born in Canton, Ohio. She died in California from pancreatic cancer.

Honeymoon in Vegas

Honeymoon in Vegas is a 1992 romantic comedy movie. Sarah Jessica Parker and Nicolas Cage are featured. James Caan also acts in it. This movie was released on August 28 1992 by Columbia Pictures. It got positive reviews. Its box office intake was also good.

Fijian

Fijian might mean:


Georgian

Georgian might mean



Simply Irresistible

Simply Irresistible is a 1999 American romantic comedy-drama fantasy movie. The subject mixes magic, romance and love. Sarah Michelle Gellar, Patricia Clarkson and Amanda Peet are among the cast. This romantic comedy movie was released February 1999. The reviews were not good. And its box office performance was poor.

Back to the Known

Back to the Known is the second EP released by Bad Religion. The EP was released in 1985. The name of the EP is a reference to the band no longer playing the progressive rock music of its previous album, 1983's "Into the Unknown", and returning to its punk roots.

List of genetic disorders

This is a list of the most common genetic disorders in humans. If known, the type of mutation is shown, and the chromosome involved.


Many other conditions are known to be partly or wholly inherited, but their genetic basis is not yet clear. A good example is "clefting" (cleft lip and palate), which occurs up to 4 per 1000 in Native Americans and some Asian populations, but which is almost unknown in African populations. About 20 genes are under investigation.

Another important and common example is schizophrenia. Estimates of the heritability of schizophrenia are between 70% and 80%. This means 70% to 80% of the individual differences in risk to schizophrenia is associated with genetics.

Chancel

The chancel is a part of the architecture of many churches. It serves as a barrier between the part of the church accessible to lay people and the choir, which was reserved to the clergy. The rood screen has the same function, but a different layout. The Iconostasis is a kind of chancel which is richly decorated, and is used in Eastern Orthodox churches. 

The chancel is where the congregation receives the blood and body of Jesus. The chancel is usually found in a Roman Catholic church. The bread and wine are changed to the body and blood of Jesus through transubstantiation. The Fourth Lateran Council of 1215 required clergy made sure that the area was inaccessible to the public. The main altar of the church is usually in the area behind the Chancel.

Salal

Salal is the common English name of a plant in the family Ericaceae. The Lewis and Clark Expedition found it in North America. The expedition took place from 1804 to 1806. Frederick Traugott Pursh first described it. The official botanical name is "Gaultheria shallon". It is also known as shallon or Gaultheria in English. The plant was introduced to Great Britain in 1828. Today, it is often used for flower arrangements. It was also used as a cover for pheasants. The plant also has medicinal properties. It is used for treatment of inflammation and cramps. The plant is called "Shallon-Scheinbeere" in German language. The young leaves and berries can be eaten.

Fitts's law

Fitts's law is a theorem which states that the time needed to reach a surface is proportional to the distance from that surface, and to its size. Paul Fitts stated this theorem in 1954. Today, the theroem is mostly used for the development of user interfaces. 

Deron Quint

Deron Timothy Quint (born March 12, 1976 in Durham, New Hampshire) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman that currently plays for the Traktor Chelyabinsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.

Quint also played in the National Hockey League for 11 seasons. In the NHL, he played for the Winnipeg Jets, Phoenix Coyotes, New Jersey Devils, Columbus Blue Jackets, Chicago Blackhawks, and the New York Islanders.


The Wanted

The Wanted are an English-Irish boy band. They are made up of five members: Max George, Nathan Sykes, Tom Parker, Jay McGuiness and Siva Kaneswaran. They formed in 2009 and released their first album in 2010.

So far, they have released three albums: "The Wanted" (2010), "Battleground" (2011), and "Word of Mouth" (2013). These reached the fourth, fifth, and ninth place in the UK album charts. Their first single, "All Time Low", reached number 1 in the UK singles chart. In 2011 they also recorded the song "Gold Forever" which was the official single for Comic Relief.




Shapley Supercluster

The Shapley Supercluster or Shapley Concentration (SCl 124) is the largest concentration of galaxies in our nearby universe. 

It is a gravitationally interacting unit 650 million light years away (z=0.046). This means it pulls itself together, instead of expanding with the universe. It is an overdensity in the distribution of galaxies in the constellation of Centaurus. 

In the late 1920s, Harlow Shapley and his colleagues at the Harvard College Observatory started a survey of galaxies in the southern sky, using photographic plates obtained at the 24-inch Bruce telescope at Bloemfontein, South Africa. He found a 'cloud' in the constellation of Centaurus to be the most striking concentration of galaxies.

In recent times, the Shapley Supercluster was rediscovered, in a survey of galaxies at the University of Cambridge in England. In this paper, the supercluster was named after Shapley, in recognition of his pioneering survey of galaxies in which this concentration of galaxies was first seen. Around the same time, others had noticed a remarkable concentration of clusters in the Abell catalogue of galaxy clusters: they had named it the "Alpha concentration".

Jake Bugg

Jake Bugg (born 28 February 1994) is an English singer and songwriter. He was born and raised in Nottingham. He was chosen by the BBC to participate in the Glastonbury Festival in 2011. He got a contract with a record label after that.

His first album, "Jake Bugg", was released on 15 October 2012. It came top of the charts in the UK and in Scotland. He has published seven singles from his album: "Trouble Town", "Country Song", "Lightning Bolt", "Taste It", "Two Fingers", "Seen It All" and "Broken".

Bugg released his second album "Shangri La" on 18 November 2013.

Bugg was nominated for "British Breakthrough Act" at the 2013 Brit Awards.

His third album "On My One" was released on 17 June 2016.


Mario &amp; Sonic at the Olympic Games

Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games is a sports video game created by Sega Sports R&D and published by Nintendo. It is the first video game to have both "Mario" and "Sonic the Hedgehog" characters. It was released for the Nintendo Wii in November 2007 and for the Nintendo DS in January 2008. It was the official video game of the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.

Players can play 24 events. Both versions have different events. The events are based off of the actual Olympic events played in real life. 16 characters are playable. They are separated into four categories: all-around, speed, power, and skill. In the Wii version, the player can also play as a Mii created in the Mii Channel.

Altınyazı, Mucur

Altınyazı is a village in Turkey. It is in the Kırşehir Province. The population is around 220. The village was founded about 2000 years ago. The old name of Altınyazı was Aflak, after an old Seljukid general who died here.

Polisario Front

The Polisario Front (, transliterates to "", translates to "Popular Front for the Liberation of el Hamra and Río de Oro") is a rebel militia group and political party, which is active in Western Sahara. The movement succeeded the older movement called "Movimiento para la Liberación del Sahara", which was active until the 1960s. The movement was founded in the early 1970s. It was first active fighting for the independence of the Spanish Sahara, which was a Spanish colony until 1975. After the Spanish left, Mauritania and Morocco annexed the Western Sahara, the Polisario, however, claimed the entire Western Sahara under the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. 

In 1991, the United Nations brokered a peace agreement. Nowadays, Western Sahara is split into two zones, separated by the Moroccan Wall. Morocco controls de facto most of the territory.

Edward G. Robinson

Edward G. Robinson (born Emanuel Goldenberg; December 12, 1893 – January 26, 1973) was a Romanian-American actor. He was known for his roles as Rico in "Little Caesar" and as Rocco in "Key Largo". Other well-known roles include Barton Keyes in the movie "Double Indemnity", Dathan in "The Ten Commandments", and his final role as Sol Roth in "Soylent Green". He won an honorary Academy Award in 1973, two months after his death. He was listed in the 25 Greatest Male Actors of All Time.

Robinson was born on December 12, 1893 in Bucharest, Romania to a Jewish-Yiddish family. After his brother was attacked by the Mafia, Robinson and his family moved to New York City in February 1903.

He studied at Townsend Harris High School and at City College of New York. He then studied to become an actor at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. His career began in 1913, ten years after moving to the United States.

Robinson was married to Gladys Lloyd from 1927 until they divorced in 1956. Then he was married to Jane Robinson from 1958 until his death in 1973. He had one son with Gladys and one step-daughter from his last marriage. Robinson was a Liberal Democrat.

Robinson died on January 26, 1973 in his home in Los Angeles, California from bladder cancer, aged 79. He was buried at Beth-El Cemetery in Queens, New York.


Carole Lombard

Carole Lombard (October 06, 1908 – January 16, 1942) was an American actress. She was one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood with the total of $500,000. She was listed as one of the greatest female actresses of all time.

Lombard was born on October 06, 1908 in Fort Wayne, Indiana United States She studied at Virgil Jr. High School and then at Fairfax High School. She was married to William Powell from 1931 until they divorced in 1933. Then she was married to Clark Gable from 1939 until her death in 1942. She had 3 stepchildren. Lombard died on January 16, 1942 in a plane crash in Mount Potosi, Nevada, United States of America aged 33 years old.


Empire Records

Empire Records is a 1995 teen romantic comedy movie. The subject is a record store in Delaware that tries to remain independent. Liv Tyler, Renée Zellweger and Robin Tunney play store officials. "Empire Records" got negative reviews from critics. The movie performed very poorly in the box office. The movie was released in September 1995.

June Lockhart

June Lockhart (born June 25, 1925) is an American actress. She acts primarily on television programs. She worked mostly in the 1950s and 1960s. She played Timmy's mother in the long-running "Lassie". She appeared later in "Lost In Space". She also played Doctor Janet Craig in the sitcom "Petticoat Junction". 

Jane Withers

Jane Withers (April 12, 1926 – August 7, 2021) was an American child actress. She played Josephine the Plumber in Comet Cleaner ads in the 1960s and 1970s. She acted primarily in movies. She also acted on television. Withers was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Withers died on August 7, 2021 in Burbank, California at the age of 95.


John Dingell

John David "Johnny" Dingell, Jr. (July 8, 1926 – February 7, 2019) was an American politician. He served in the United States House of Representatives from December 13, 1955 to January 3, 2015. He is the longest-serving member of Congress. He was the longest ever to serve exclusively in the House.

Dingell was born on July 8, 1926 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He served in the military during World War II. He is the last member of Congress to have been a veteran of World War II, the other is Ralph Hall. Hall also left Congress in 2015. He studied at Georgetown University. Dingell and his wife, Deborah, had a son named Christopher.

Dingell announced on February 24, 2014 that he would not seek re-election to a 30th term in Congress. His wife announced to run for his congressional seat and won the election in November 4, 2014. His spouse was the first to replace a spouse in Congress, while the spouse is alive.

He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2014 by President Barack Obama.

Dingell died of prostate cancer in hospice care in Dearborn, Michigan on February 7, 2019, aged 92.


C. Aubrey Smith

Sir Charles Aubrey Smith CBE(July 21, 1863 – December 20, 1948) was an English actor and cricket player. He was known for his roles in "The Four Fathers" (1939), "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" (1941), and in "And Then There Were None" (1945).

Smith was born on July 21, 1863 in London, England. He studied at the Charterhouse School and at St John's College, Cambridge. Smith was married to Isabella Wood from 1896 until his death in 1948. They had one child. 

Smith died on December 20, 1948 in his home in Beverly Hills, California from pneumonia, aged 85. He was cremated. He was buried at St Leonard's Churchyard in Hove, East Sussex.


Millennium Force

Millennium Force is a steel giga roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio, United States. When it opened on May 13, 2000, it was the world's first giga roller coaster at 310 feet tall. It was also the world's tallest and fastest roller coaster for a short time until Steel Dragon 2000 opened later that year. It is also the second longest roller coaster in North America after The Beast at Kings Island.


Marjorie Lord

Marjorie Lord (July 26, 1918 – November 28, 2015) was an American actress. She acted mostly in television programs. She acted with Danny Thomas in "Make Room for Daddy". She was the mother of actress Anne Archer. Lord was born in San Francisco, California.

Lord died In San Francisco on November 28, 2015 at the age of 97.

Carol Alt

Carol Ann Alt (born December 1, 1960) is an American model and actress. 

She first became famous around 1983. She did commercials for Diet Pepsi, Hanes, General Motors and many more. She was also on a lot of magazine covers. Alt was born in New York City.

Alt appeared on the first season of "The Celebrity Apprentice". She was eliminated before the final, coming third place out of 14 contestants. 

Susanne Lothar

Susanne Lothar (15 November 1960 - 21 July 2012) was a German actress. She was born in Hamburg to actors Ingrid Andree and Hanns Lothar. She acted mostly in independent movies. She was in "The White Ribbon" and "The Piano Teacher". She also performed on stage. She died in Berlin in July 2012.

Sora (Kingdom Hearts)

Sora is the main character of the "Kingdom Hearts" video game series.

He is a teenager from Destiny Islands. He is best friends with both Riku and Kairi since his early childhood. He fights with a weapon called a keyblade and fights alongside Donald Duck and Goofy in the Kingdom Hearts games. They travel to different Disney worlds to protect the people living there from villains.

He was featured at #5 on Famitsu's "Most Popular Characters as Voted On By Fans". He was also ranked at #19 on UGO Networks list of "Top 25 Japanese RPG Characters". He is voiced by Haley Joel Osment in the English version of the game and by Miyu Irino in the Japanese version.


Nintendo World Store

The Nintendo World Store is a specialty store that sells Nintendo video games and merchandise. It is located at 10 Rockefeller Center in New York City. It is owned by Nintendo. It opened on May 14, 2005, replacing the Pokémon Center that was there before.

The store is a two-story building. The first floor has Wii U, Nintendo 3DS, and "Pokémon Black 2 and White 2" sections. The second floor has a section with Wii consoles available for anyone to play. In addition, there are also Nintendo 3DS consoles available to play in the store. Some of the things that are sold there are exclusive to the store, meaning that they can only be bought there.

The store holds special tournaments and shows for new games. Early copies of the game and prizes are given out to the winners.


Fran Warren

Frances Wolfe (better known as Fran Warren; 4 March 1926 – 4 March 2013) was an American actress and singer. She had several hit songs. She acted in a few movies. She was born in and died near New York City.

Carriel Sur International Airport

The Carriel Sur International Airport (, ) is an international airport near Concepción, Chile. It is 8 km from downtown. The airport was opened on January 3, 1968. This is second largest airport in Chile after Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport. This airport is operated by Sociedad Concesionaria Aerosur S.A.. The airport has flights to Santiago de Chile, Puerto Montt, Temuco and Pucón.


Next to Me (song)

"Next to Me" is a 2012 romantic single from Emeli Sandé. The song is about timing, romance and being close to somebody. This single hit #1 in Europe. It was a moderate success in the United States during 2012.

Back to December

"Back to December" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. It is from her third studio album, "Speak Now" (2010).

The song was released in the United States on November 14, 2010. It was the second single from "Speak Now". According to Swift, "Back to December" is the first time she ever apologizes to someone in a song. The song is about breakup and wanting to go back to former times. Its lyrics are a remorseful plea for forgiveness for breaking up with a former lover. This single got very high reviews from the critics. It was a hit in the United States in 2010. It peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart and at #6 on the Hot 100 chart.


Fifteen (song)

"Fifteen" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. The song is about heartbreak at age 15, being sad and coping with it. This single was a moderate hit in the United States. The release date was September 2009.

Rebecca Hall

Rebecca Maria Hall (born 3 May 1982) is an English actress. She acts in both movies and television shows. Her movies are the independent type. She was born near London, England. Her father is stage director Peter Hall. She won the British Academy Television Award for her role in the movie "Red Riding: In the Year of Our Lord 1974".

Outstation

In Australia, an outstation is a small, rural settlement of Aboriginal Australians. They are usually built on or near the community's traditional country; the outstations are therefore also called homelands. The people living on an outstation are usually closely related, belonging to one or two families. The people will have a spiritual and ancestral relationship with the land. The number of people living in the settlement may rise and fall throughout the year, depending on events (such as deaths and ceremonies), but the permanent population is normally less than a few dozen. The definition of an outstation will vary greatly depending on the region, cultural group, history and state property laws. They are generally classed as residential areas on Aboriginal-owned land. They are often located near sites that are culturally important. The average outstation consists of little more than one or more houses and a source of water. They are usually very basic, and constructed entirely by the people living there. Most of these communities are located in the Northern Territory, Western Australia, South Australia and Queensland.

In statistical data, outstations are called "discrete indigenous communities". There are more than a thousand such communities in Australia. They are largely self-governing.

Historically, the word "outstation" referred to a dwelling or shelter on sheep or cattle stations. Such shelters were built on stations that were large enough to have more than a day's travel (by horseback) between different parts of the property. They contained beds and food for stockmen.

During the 1970s and 1980s, a large number of Aboriginal people moved away from the towns and missions in which they had been settled years before. They returned with their families to the areas where they grew up, and set up camps or homes there. This became known as the outstation movement. For most people, it was an attempt at returning to the traditional way of life and getting back their autonomy and self-sufficiency. This movement developed after the Australian government had decided to give welfare benefits to indigenous people. It had also started policies encouraging self-determination and self-management for indigenous communities. This was the opposite of what the government had previously planned for indigenous Australians (cultural assimilation).

In October 1976, a report by the Department of Aboriginal Affairs estimated that there were more than 100 outstation communities. Most of them were located in the Northern Territory. In Arnhem Land, there were about 55 outstations by the end of 1976, with an average size of about 30 people. About 30 more were located in the southwest of the Northern Territory, ranging in size from 15 to 100 people. The Northern Territory had early success in the outstation movemnet, because the Aboriginal Land Rights Act was passed in the territory in 1976. This was the first Aboriginal land rights law in the country.

There are now more than a thousand outstation communities in Australia. There are about 500 in the Northern Territory, and around one-third of Aboriginal people in the Territory live on outstations.

Several studies have shown that people living on outstations are much healthier than other Aboriginal people.


Margaret Leighton

Margaret Leighton (26 February 1922-13 January 1976) was an English actress. She acted in many television shows and movies all across western Europe and North America. Leighton was born in England. She died from multiple sclerosis.

Thalassaemia

Thalassaemia (or thalassemia) is a genetic disorder of the blood which originated in the Mediterranean region. 

This disease is caused by the weakening and destruction of red blood cells. This is caused by mutant genes which affect how the body makes haemoglobin. Haemoglobin is the protein in red blood cells which carries oxygen. People with thalassaemia make less haemoglobin and fewer circulating red blood cells than normal, which results in mild or severe anemia.

Thalassaemia can cause significant complications, including pneumonia, iron overload, bone deformities and cardiovascular illness. However, this inherited disease of red blood cells gives a degree of protection against malaria, which is or was common in the regions where the trait is common. This selective survival advantage for carriers (known as heterozygous advantage) is responsible for keeping the mutation in populations way above its mutation rate. Carriers are heterozygous for the thalassaemia allele, meaning only one of their two alleles is mutant (abnormal). There are a number of different versions of thalassaemia. Each one is caused by a mutation in a different position in the genome.

In that respect, thalassaemia resembles another genetic disorder affecting haemoglobin, sickle-cell disease.

It is possible to cure patients with thalassaemia with bone marrow transplants from compatible donors. However, this method requires an HLA-matched compatible donor.

Prima Donna (song)

"Prima Donna" is a 2010 song from Christina Aguilera. It is about empowerment of women. The single was released in June 2010. It received positive reviews from critics.

Indonesian

Indonesian might mean:


Cepheid variable

Cepheids are a type of very luminous variable stars. There is a strong direct relationship between a Cepheid's luminosity and its pulsation period. This makes Cepheids important standard candles for the galactic and extragalactic distance scales.

Cepheid variables are divided into several subclasses which have clearly different masses, ages, and evolutionary histories: 

The first cepheid known was Delta Cephei in the constellation Cepheus, found by John Goodricke in 1784. Delta Cephei is of great importance because its distance is extremely well known, thanks in part to it being in a star cluster, and the precise Hubble Space Telescope/Hipparcos parallaxes.

Cepheids are one of two ways in which the rate of expansion of the Universe can be measured.

Classical Cepheids (also known as Population I Cepheids, Type I Cepheids, or Delta Cephei variables) pulsate with very regular periods of the order of days to months. Classical Cepheids are population I young variable stars which are 4–20 times more massive than the Sun, and up to 100,000 times more luminous. Cepheids are yellow supergiants of spectral class F6 – K2. When they pulsate, their radii change by ~25%. For the longer-period I Carinae this means millions of kilometers for a pulsation cycle.

Type II Cepheids (also termed Population II Cepheids) are population II variable stars which pulsate with periods between 1 and 50 days. Type II Cepheids are typically metal-poor, old (~10 giga years), low mass objects (~half the mass of the Sun). Type II Cepheids are divided into several subgroups by period.

Type II Cepheids are used to fix the distance to the galactic center of the Milky Way, globular clusters, and galaxies.

A group of pulsating stars on the instability strip have periods of less than two days, similar to RR Lyrae variables but with higher luminosities. Anomalous Cepheid variables have masses higher than type II Cepheids, RR Lyrae variables, and our Sun. It is unclear whether they are young stars on a "turned-back" horizontal branch, blue stragglers formed through mass transfer in binary systems, or a mix of both.

A small proportion of Cepheid variables have been observed to pulsate in two modes at the same time, usually the fundamental and first overtone, occasionally the second overtone. A very small number pulsate in three modes, or an unusual combination of modes including higher overtones.

GloFish

Glofish are fish which glow in the dark. They glow because scientists changed their DNA to make them fluorescent. The seahorse and the zebra fish are two types of fish that have been used to make GloFish.

Lazarus Saturday

Lazarus Saturday is the day before Palm Sunday in the Orthodox Church. It celebrates the raising of Lazarus from the dead by Jesus (Gospel of John chapter 11). It is the start of Holy Week.


Joe Weider

Josef Edwin "Joe" Weider (November 29, 1919 – March 23, 2013) was a Canadian-American bodybuilder, trainer, businessman, and television personality. He was the founder of Mr. Olympia.

Weider was born on November 29, 1919 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada to a Polish-Jewish family. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. His brother was Ben Weider. Weider was married to Betty Brosmer from 1961 until his death in 2013. They had no children. Weider died on March 23, 2013 from heart failure in Los Angeles, California, aged 93.


George Pullman

George Mortimer Pullman (March 3, 1831 – October 19, 1897) was an American engineer and businessman. At the time of his death, he bequeathed 1.2 million dollars for a free school of manual training in the town of Pullman.

Pullman invented the Pullman sleeping car. He founded a company town, Pullman. He did all of his business in Chicago. He was supported by President Grover Cleveland during the Pullman Strike in Chicago.

Pullman was born on March 3, 1831 in Brocton, New York. He was raised in Albion, New York. Pullman was married to Hattie Amelia Sanger from 1867 until his death in 1897. They had four children. Pullman died on October 19, 1897 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart attack, aged 66. He was buried at Graceland Cemetery.


Compound fruit

The term compound fruit is sometimes used when it is not clear which of several fruit types a fruit belongs to. A compound fruit is "composed of two or more similar parts".

A compound fruit may be:

Grapes grow in clusters, but are not compound fruits. Each grape is grown from one ovary in one flower, and they are not attached to one another.

Boeing 80

The Boeing 80, sometimes called the Boeing Model 80 or just the Model 80, was an American airliner. It was a biplane with three engines. The Boeing 80 was built by the Boeing Airplane Company. It could carry mail and passengers.

Boeing Air Transport was started on February 17, 1927 by William Boeing. On July 1, 1927, planes from Boeing Air Transport started flying mail from San Francisco to Chicago. At first, the Boeing Model 40A was used for this.

Boeing decided to make a plane to carry passengers. In 1928 it designed the Model 80. The Boeing 80 could carry 12 people. The pilots sat in a cockpit in front of the passengers.

The first Boeing 80 took off on July 27, 1928. Three more Boeing 80s were made before Boeing started to make the Boeing 80A. The Boeing 80A was longer and it could carry 18 people. It also had better engines. It first took off on July 18, 1929.

The Boeing 80 first flew for Boeing Air Transport on September 20, 1928. It soon turned out to be successful. The Boeing 80A started being used in September 1929.

In May 1930, Boeing Air Transport hired eight female flight attendants. They first flew on May 15. The Boeing 80 and 80A were used until the Boeing 247 replaced them in 1934.



One Boeing 80A was found in a dump at Anchorage Airport in 1960. It was fixed up and it is now in the Museum of Flight in Seattle.




Boeing Monomail

The Boeing Model 200 Monomail was an American mail plane. It was built in the 1930s by Boeing. It flew for the first time on 6 May 1930.
The Boeing Monomail was a monoplane instead of a biplane. The wing was strong and did not need bracing. Its wheels could be ed. Only one plane was made for the US Army to look at. The plane eventually began to fly main from San Francisco to Chicago.

Another version was made, the Model 221. It was made longer by 8 inches. This meant it could carry passengers, but less cargo. This version first flew on 18 August 1930. 

There were no good engines for the Boeing Monomail to use. By the time good engines could be used, new planes had been made which were better than the Monomail. One of these was the Boeing 247.





Giora Feidman

Giora Feidman (born March 26, 1936) is an Israeli clarinetist. He plays klezmer music.

Giora Feidman was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His Bessarabian Jewish parents immigrated there to escape persecution. Feidman's family are klezmer musicians. His father, grandfather and great-grandfather made music for weddings, Bar Mitzvahs, and holiday celebrations in the shtetls (villages) of Eastern Europe. Feidman married Ora Bat-Chaim in 1975. She was his personal manager.

Feidman started his career in Buenos Aires, where he was a member of the Teatro Colón Symphony Orchestra. Two years later he immigrated to Israel. He became the youngest clarinetist ever to play with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra. He was a member of the orchestra for over 20 years. In the early 1970s he started a solo career. He has performed with the Berliner Symphoniker, the Kronos Quartet, the Polish Chamber Philarmonic, the Munich Chamber Philarmonic Orchestra, and the Munich Radio Orchestra.

Feidman started the "Clarinet and Klezmer in the Galilee" seminar and master class program, which takes place every year in Safed, Israel.





Louis Jourdan

Louis Jourdan (Louis Robert Gendre, June 19, 1921 – February 14, 2015) was a French retired actor. He appeared in "The Paradine Case" (1947), "Gigi" (1958), "The Best of Everything" (1959) and "Octopussy" (1983). His final movie before his retirement was "The Year Of The Comet" in 1992.

Jourdan was born on June 19, 1921 in Marseille, France. He studied at the École Dramatique. Jourdan was married to Berthe Frédérique from 1946 until her death in 2014. They had a son, Louis Jourdan, Jr.. Jourdan, Jr. died of a drug overdose aged 29 in 1981. 

Jourdan died in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 93.


Norman Lloyd

Norman Nathan Lloyd (November 8, 1914 – May 11, 2021) was an American actor, producer, and director. He is known for his television role as Dr. Daniel Auschlander in "St. Elsewhere". His career lasted for more than ninety years. He made a guest appearance on "Modern Family" in 2010.

Lloyd was born on November 8, 1914 in Jersey City, New Jersey. He studied to become an actor at the Civic Repertory Theatre in New York City. 

Lloyd came to Hollywood to play a Nazi spy in Alfred Hitchcock's "Saboteur" (1942). Je started a long friendship and professional career with Hitchcock. 

After a few more villainous movie roles, Lloyd also worked behind the camera as an assistant on Lewis Milestone's "Arch of Triumph" (1948). A friend of John Garfield, Lloyd appeared with him in "He Ran All the Way". Garfield's last movie before the Hollywood blacklist ended his movie career.

Lloyd was married to Peggy Craven from 1936 until her death in 2011. They had two children. Lloyd died on May 11, 2021 at his home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 106.


Gill Pinnacle

Gill Pinnacle (or Gill's Pinnacle) is an inselberg in the far east of Western Australia, on the Ngaanyatjarra Lands. It is part of the Petermann Ranges. It consists of a dome-shaped hill, surrounded by dense shrub; its top is bare rock. The hill has been useful as a landmark, because it marks the location of one of the area's most reliable freshwater rockholes, Gordon's Springs. This is a few hundred meters to the north of the rock. The area is called (also spelled ' or ') in Pitjantjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra.

The first Europeans to visit the area were the explorers Ernest Giles and W. H. Tietkens, in 1874. They saw the rock from Weld Pass, which is further to the west. Giles named the rock after his brother-in-law. He named the waterhole, Gordon's Springs, after his nephew.

The closest town to Gill's Pinnacle is Kaltukatjara, Northern Territory, which is about to the east.


Peter Sallis

Peter John Sallis (1 February 1921 – 2 June 2017) was a English actor, known for his roles as Norman Clegg in "Last of the Summer Wine" from its 1973 inception until its final episode in 2010, making him the only actor to appear in all 295 episodes. He also voiced Wallace in "Wallace and Gromit". He won an Annie Award in 2005.

Sallis was born on 1 February 1921 in Twickenham, Middlesex, England. He studied at the Minchenden Grammar School in North London. Sallis married Elaine Usher in 1957. They had a son, Crispian. Sallis has had a disease called macular degeneration since 2005.

Sallis died at the Denville Hall nursing home in Northwood, London, on 2 June 2017, aged 96.

Clifton James

George Clifton James (May 29, 1920 – April 15, 2017) was a retired American actor. He is best known for his role as Sheriff J.W. Pepper in the "James Bond" movies such as "Live and Let Die" (1973) and in "The Man With The Golden Gun" (1974).

James was born on May 29, 1920 in Spokane, Washington. He married Laurie Harper in 1951. Harper died in 2015. They had six children.

James died from complications of diabetes at his home in Gladstone, Oregon on April 15, 2017, age 96.


William Schallert

William Joseph Schallert (July 6, 1922 – May 8, 2016) was an American actor. He played the father on "The Patty Duke Show". He is also known for his guest-star roles in "The Smurfs", "Jefferson Drum", "Gunsmoke", "Star Trek", "Get Smart", "Lawman", "Matlock", "The Waltons", "Bonanza", The Andy Griffith Show and in "".

Schallert was born on July 6, 1922 in Los Angeles, California. He married Rosemarie D. Waggner in 1949. Schallert was the president of the Screen Actors Guild from 1979 through 1981. He died at his home in Pacific Palisades, California from complications from peripheral neuropathy on May 8, 2016, aged 93.


The Lincoln Lawyer

The Lincoln Lawyer is a 2011 American crime drama movie. The story is about a Los Angeles lawyer doing business in his luxury car. Matthew McConaughey, Marisa Tomei and Frances Fisher act. The movie was released in March 2011. The reviews were very positive. The box office intake was almost $86 million.

Peter Vaughan

Peter Vaughan (Peter Ewart Ohm; 4 April 1923 – 6 December 2016) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Charles Johnson in "Citizen Smith" and recently as Maester Aemon in "Game of Thrones".

Vaughan was born on 4 April 1923 in Wem, Shropshire, England. He was married to Billie Whitelaw from 1952 until they divorced in 1966. He was married to Lillias Walker until his death in 2016. Vaughan died in Mannings Heath, Sussex from epilepsy on 6 December 2016, aged 93.


James Karen

James Karen (born James Karnofsky; November 28, 1923 – October 23, 2018) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Martin Frohm in "The Pursuit of Happyness" and as Ben Hubbard in "Superman Returns". He also starred in "Poltergeist" and "The Return of the Living Dead".

Karen was born on November 28, 1923 in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania to a Russian-Jewish family. He studied at Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre. Karen was married to Susan Reed from 1958 until they divorced in 1967. They had one child. He married Alba Francesca in 1986. 

Karen died on October 23, 2018 in Los Angeles at the age of 94. The cause was cardiopulmonary arrest.


Theodore Bikel

Theodore Meir Bikel (May 2, 1924 – July 21, 2015) was an Austrian-American actor, singer, and musician. He was nominated for an Academy Award as Sheriff Max Muller in "The Defiant Ones" in 1958. 

Bikel was born in Vienna, Austria on May 2, 1924. He studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. He moved to the United States in 1954. He became a U.S. citizen in 1961.

Bikel was married to Ofra Ichilov from 1942 until they divorced in 1943. Then he was married to Rita Weinberg Call from 1967 until they divorced in 2008. He was married to Tamara Brooks from 2008 until her death in 2012. He had two children with Call.

Bikel died on July 21, 2015, at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles of natural causes, aged 91.


Jimmy Gardner

Edward Charles James Gardner, DFM (August 24, 1924 – May 3, 2010) was an English actor. He played Ernie Prang in "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (2004).

Gardner was born on August 24, 1924 in Newmarket, Suffolk, England. Gardner died on May 3, 2010 in London, England from pneumonia, aged 85.

George Cole

George Edward Cole, OBE (22 April 1925 - 5 August 2015) was an English actor. He is known for his roles as Arthur Daley in "Minder" and as Flash Harry in the early versions of the "St Trinian's" movies. He also played Peter Banks in the sitcom "My Good Friend".

Cole was born on April 22, 1925 in Tooting, South London, England. He was adopted when he was a baby. He was married to Eileen Moore from 1954 until they divorced in 1962. He married Penny Morrell in 1964. Cole died of an illness at Royal Berkshire Hospital, in Reading, Berkshire on 5 August 2015. 


Kazuo Ishiguro

Sir Kazuo Ishiguro OBE (born 8 November 1954) is a British novelist of Japanese origin. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2017. He was born in Nagasaki, Japan; his family moved to England in 1960 when he was five.

His novels include "An Artist of the Floating World" (1986), "When We Were Orphans" (2000), and "Never Let Me Go" (2005). He won the Booker Prize for his 1989 novel "The Remains of the Day". "The Remains of the Day" was later adapted as a movie. The movie came out in 1993. It starred Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. It was nominated for eight Academy Awards. He was knighted in 2018.


Love Story (song)

"Love Story" is a 2008 song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift.The story of the single is about a boy who is in love with a girl, resulting in a Romeo and Juliet type romance. The song received positive reviews from the critics. It sold millions of digital downloads and compact discs. The single was released in Autumn of 2008 in the United States.

Toe ring

Toe rings are rings worn on toes, in particular the second toe. They are worn on either foot, often with barefoot sandals, bare feet or anklets. They are usually made for females, although males sometimes wear the rings.

Giant star

A giant star is a star with much larger radius and luminosity than a main-sequence star of the same surface temperature.

Giant stars are up to a few hundred times the diameter of the Sun and between 10 and a few thousand times brighter than the Sun. They don't last as long as most main sequence stars. Stars still more luminous than giants are referred to as supergiants and hypergiants.

A hot, luminous main-sequence star may also be referred to as a giant.

There are a wide range of giant class stars, and sub-divisions are often used to identify particular types. Astronomers use such terms as: sub-giants, bright giants, red giants, yellow giants and blue giants. The giant luminosity class is given the Roman numeral III, for bright giants it is II.

These have spectral types K to M.

These have spectral types F and G.
The Cepheid variables are yellow giants.

These have spectral types A, B, and O.

Giants nearly as bright as supergiants. They can have many spectral types.

Aggregate fruit

An aggregate fruit is a fruit that develops from a single flower, but the flower has more than one ovary, and the ovaries join together as the fruit grows.

A fruit that grows from just one flower that contains just one ovary, is not an aggregate fruit but a simple fruit.

Not all flowers with multiple ovaries grow into aggregate fruit; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit.
Aggregate fruits may also be accessory fruits. In accessory fruits, parts of the flower that are not the ovary become juicy and form part of the fruit.

Aggregate fruits include:


Sylvanian Families

Sylvanians were origanally set in Japan in the 1950's most of the families are rural middle-class with many luxuries and local businesses. They have many leisure activities such as horse riding, rowing and hosting garden parties. The simple caravan means that they can enjoy short stays on holiday. This means that they can be away from their house whether it is a small cottage or a multi-storey town house.
In 1985 Sylvanian Families were launched in both Japan and North America. They were such a success that in 1987 they moved over the Atlantic to Western Europe and to the UK. By 1988 these small toys were a major success world wide, they went on to win London toy of the year award 3 times in a row this had never been achieved before or after. They were so popular that in the late 80's an animated TV series was made, this was greatly watched and spain and the UK. In the 90's it was aired on American TV.

By the mid 1990's Sylvanian Families, despite their major success, had gone out of business in the UK. The production company Tomy lost the rights to Sylvanian Families and American Calico Critters. In the late 90's another company, Flair, took over Sylvanian Families and reintroduced them into the UK. It was in 2007 that they celebrated their 20th birthday a special edition dalmation family (that had not been sold since they went out of production) with red party hats saying 'happy birthday'. 2012 was the 25th birthday and they sold a celebration rabbit family in honour a birthday that they never have seen if it hadn't have been for Flair.

The address for the Sylvanian Families Shop in London is 68 Mountgrove Road. The shop is quite small but stuffed from floor to ceiling with figures, displays and new box sets. People from all around the world to go to the Sylvanian shop to become one of the many people who have been inside the famous shop.

In Japan there is a giant life size Sylvanian Families village, including a bakery with real bread based on the bread in watermill bakery. You can meet life size Sylvanian characters and go in life size houses made from the models themselves. 

Four Weddings and a Funeral

Four Weddings and a Funeral is a 1994 British romantic comedy-drama movie. It was written and co-produced by Richard Curtis. It was directed by Mike Newell. It stars Hugh Grant as Charles and Andie MacDowell as Carrie, an American whom he repeatedly meets at weddings and a funeral as they become attracted to each other.

Boeing 247

The Boeing 247, sometimes called the Boeing Model 247 was an American airliner. It is thought to be the first airliner to fully use advanced things like able landing gear, an autopilot and deicing boots.

The Boeing 247 first flew on February 8, 1933. It started being used later that year. Later, planes became bigger and some had four engines. However, no big changes were made until Boeing made the Boeing 307 Stratoliner.

The Boeing 247 was an advanced plane. The design was taken from the Boeing Monomail (Models 200, 221, 221A) and the B-9 bomber. The Boeing 247 was faster than the Boeing P-12, which was the main American fighter at the time. The P-12 was did not have a roof on the cockpit, and it was a biplane. The Boeing 247 landed at just 62 mph. This meant that flaps were not needed. At just 10 mph, the back wheel came off the ground, which made it easier to steer.

Also, the 247 was the first airliner with two engines which could fly on just one engine. The Boeing 247 had special propellers. It could fly at 11,500 ft at full weight. The Douglas DC-1 and some other airliners before World War II used parts of the Boeing 247's design. The 247 was supposed to carry 14 passengers and have Pratt & Whitney R-1690 Hornet engines, but the plane was made smaller and got different engines.

The pilots did not think that the plane, which weighed eight tons, could land on any runway back then. They also did not like the Hornet engines. This was because most pilots were used to Wasps. It was thought that they would find Hornets too powerful. Pratt & Whitney's chief engineer, George Mead, knew that the pilots were wrong. P&W's head, Frederick Rentschler, decided to do what the pilots wanted. This made an argument between Mead and Rentschler.

Even though there were some arguments about the design and engines, the 247 was still a very good design. Boeing showed it at the 1933 Chicago World's Fair.

Boeing wanted to make the plane as safe as possible. They made the plane strong and put in things to make passengers more comfortable. For example, the cabin had air conditioning. It was also sound-proof. The plane had a pilot, co-pilot and a flight attendant. The wheels did not fully go into the plane. A part of the wheels hung down below the plane. This was done to make it safer for the plane to land if the landing gear could not be put down. The wheel at the back of the plane could not be moved.

In 1934, Boeing put a Boeing 247 into the MacRobertson Race. In the race, planes raced from England to Australia. The pilots of the Boeing plane were Col.Roscoe Turner and Clyde Pangborn. The 247 was basically a normal plane, but some parts were taken out to make space for more fuel tanks. Many different planes from all over the world took part. Turner and Pangborn came in second place. The Douglas DC-2 came first.

The Boeing 247 won the 1934 US Collier Trophy for "excellence in aviation design".

The 247 could go across the United States eight hours faster than any plane which came before it. The Boeing 247 started being used on May 22, 1933. One set a record of 19½ hours when it flew from San Francisco to New York City.

The first 60 247s were sold to Boeing Air Transport (part of the United Aircraft and Transport Corporation, UATC). They cost $65,000 each. TWA (Transcontinental & Western Air) also ordered the 247 but UATC said no. TWA President Jack Frye asked for a new airliner. He paid Don Douglas to design and build the Douglas DC-1 prototype. Douglas eventually made the DC-3 line.

The Boeing 247 was shown to have some serious problems with its design. Air carriers did not like the fact that it only carried 10 passengers. The DC-2 and later DC-3 could carry many more passengers. This meant that the Boeing 247 would not earn airlines as much money.

Seventy-five 247s were built. Douglas got 800 orders for DC-3s from airlines before the Pearl Harbor attack. Douglas made over 10,000 DC-3s.

Many of United's Boeing 247s were bought by Western Air Express. It was said that they were bought at a very low price.

The 247 was used until World War II. The Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) had seven 247s to move soldiers around. Some 247s were still flying in the late 1960s. These were either cargo planes or personal planes.

October 10, 1933 – A United Air Lines 247 was blown up by a bomb.

November 9, 1933 - A United Air Lines 247 crashed after it took off. Four of the nine people on the plane died.

December 20, 1934 - United Air Lines Flight 6, a 247, crashed near Western Springs, Illinois. Nobody died. The plane was fixed and started flying again.

October 7, 1935 – United Air Lines Trip 4, a 247D, crashed 10 miles to the west of Cheyenne, Wyoming. It is not known why it crashed. Everybody on the plane died.

October 30, 1935 - A United Air Lines Boeing 247D crashed near Cheyenne. Everyone on board died.

December 15, 1936 – Seven people died when Western Air Express Flight 6, a 247D, crashed on Lone Peak in Utah.

December 27, 1936 - United Air Lines Trip 34, a 247D, crashed in Los Angeles County, California. All 12 people on board died.

January 12, 1937 – Western Air Express Flight 7, a 247, crashed into a mountain in Newhall, California. Five people died.











Max Wright

George Edward Maxwell "Max" Wright (August 2, 1943 – June 26, 2019) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Willie Tanner on the television comedy series "ALF".

Wright was born on August 2, 1943 in Detroit, Michigan. He was married to Linda Wright from 1965 until her death in 2017. They had two children, Ben and Daisy. 

In January 2000, Wright was arrested for drunken driving in Los Angeles, California. Wright had another DUI arrest in 2003.

In 1995, he was diagnosed with lymphoma. He was remission until the cancer returned in early 2019. Wright died on June 26, 2019 at his home in Englewood, New Jersey from the disease at the age of 75.


Richard Curtis

Richard Whalley Anthony Curtis (born 8 November 1956) is a New Zealand screenwriter and movie producer and director. He was born in Wellington. He lives in England. He gained a Bachelor of Arts degree in English Language and Literature from Christ Church, Oxford.

Separation anxiety disorder

Separation anxiety disorder is a psychological problem. It makes a person have very intense anxiety when they are away from other people or their homes, school or friends to whom the person carries a strong emotional connection. There is too much fear or worry which is not normal of the true mental age and level. This condition may sometimes create physical troubles. Those under 18 are at highest risk for the problem.

Deborah Raffin

Deborah Iona Raffin (March 13, 1953 – November 21, 2012) was an American actress, director, screenwriter, and audio book publisher. She was known for her role in "Touched by Love" (1981).

Raffin was born on March 13, 1953 in Los Angeles, California to executive Phillip J. Raffin and to actress Trudy Marshall, both from Brooklyn, New York. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. Raffin was Jewish.

In 1985 she starred as Kathryn Davis in "Death Wish 3". In 1988, she starred in James Clavell's "Noble House" with Pierce Brosnan. In 1991, she appeared as Julie Vale in "". She later appeared as Aunt Julie on the television show "7th Heaven", and as Dr. Hightower in the ABC Family teenager series, "The Secret Life of the American Teenager".

She was nominated for both a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama and a Razzie Award for Worst Actress for her performance in Touched by Love in 1981.

Raffin was married to Michael Vinner from 1975 until they divorced in 2005. They had a daughter, Taylor Rose Vinner. In 2011, Raffin was diagnosed with leukemia (blood cancer).

A year later, on November 21, 2012 Raffin died at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from the disease, aged 59. She was survived by her daughter Taylor Rose.


William Powell

William Horatio Powell (July 29, 1892 – March 5, 1984) was an American actor. He was known for his role in "Thin Man" (1934). He was nominated an Academy Award for Best Actor three times for his roles in "The Thin Man" (1934), "My Man Godfrey" (1936), and "Life with Father" (1947).

Powell was born on July 29, 1892 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Kansas City, Missouri. Powell studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.

He was married to Eileen Wilson from 1915 until they divorced in 1930. Then he was married to Carole Lombard from 1931 until they divorced in 1933. Then he was married to Diana Lewis from 1940 until his death in 1984. He had a son with Wilson, William David (who committed suicide in 1968). 

Powell died on March 5, 1984 in his home in Palm Springs, California from heart failure, at the age of 91. He was buried at Desert Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California.


Mitchell Hooks

Mitchell Hooks (1923 – March 17, 2013) was an American artist and illustrator renowned for his artwork for paperback books and magazines. He was known for illustrating movie posters for "Dr. No", "The Sand Pebbles", and for "El Dorado". 

Hooks was born in 1923 in Detroit, Michigan. He died on March 17, 2013 his home Los Angeles, California from natural causes, aged 89. 


Virgil Trucks

Virgil Oliver "Fire" Trucks (April 26, 1917 – March 23, 2013) was an American baseball player who was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball.

From 1941 through 1958, Trucks played for the Detroit Tigers (1941–1943, 1945–1952, 1956), St. Louis Browns (1953), Chicago White Sox (1953–1955), Kansas City Athletics (1958) and New York Yankees (1958). He batted and threw right-handed. 

Trucks was born on April 26, 1917 in Birmingham, Alabama. He was married to Elizabeth Ann Newman until his death in 2013. Trucks died in his home in Calera, Alabama from natural causes, aged 95.


Rajpath

Rajpath (, meaning "King's Way") is the national boulevard of India. It is in New Delhi, the capital of India. The boulevard starts at the home of the President of India and ends at the National Stadium. 


City of David

The City of David (, "Ir David"), called in , Wadi Hilweh, is an archaeological site in Jerusalem. It is next to the south-eastern corner of the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. The site is attributed to the palace of king David, and includes a water tunnel that was built by the king Hezekiah.

Near the site live Jewish and Arabs.


Boeing 307 Stratoliner

The Boeing Model 307 Stratoliner was an airliner which was made by Boeing. It was the first airliner to have a pressurized cabin. This meant that the Boeing 307 could fly at 20,000 ft (6,000 m), which is above most weather. If the plane was at 14,700 ft (4,480 m), it would be like 8,000 ft (2,440 m) inside the cabin. The Model 307 carried five crew and 33 passengers. The cabin was nearly 12 ft (3.6 m) across. It was the first plane which took off from land to have a flight engineer.

In 1935 Boeing designed an airliner with four engines. It was based on the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress. This airliner was called the Model 307. It had the same wings, tail, rudder, landing gear and engines as the B-17C. However, the middle of the plane was a circle. Its diameter was . It was designed so that the plane could be pressurized.

The first order was made in 1937 by Pan American Airways. Pan Am then ordered more. Transcontinental & Western Air (TWA) ordered five. Boeing then started making the plane.

When the U.S. joined World War II in December 1941, it was thought to be a luxury to fly. The war meant that government and military officers needed to fly long distances. Planes like Pan Am's 14 flying boats and TWA's five Boeing 307s were used for this. More fuel tanks were added to allow it to fly further. Military Boeing 307s were called C-75s. Before World War II stopped them being made, 10 307s had been made for airlines. TWA flew between New York and Los Angeles for 18 months until the Army bought their planes. TWA changed their 307s to C-75s in January 1942. These were the only American planes which could cross the Atlantic with cargo until the Douglas C-54 Skymaster was made in November 1942.

C-75s had the pressurization equipment removed to make the plane lighter. Some seats were taken off, and some other changes were made. Five fuel tanks were put onto the plane. The landing gear was made stronger and the maximum take-off weight was made bigger (from ). The outside was painted olive drab.

The first Boeing 307 Stratoliner flew from Boeing Field, Seattle on December 31, 1938. However, it crashed on March 18, 1939, while KLM was looking at it.

The first delivery was made to Howard Hughes. He bought one Boeing 307 to fly around the world. He wanted to do it faster than he did before. Hughes' Boeing Stratoliner had more fuel tanks. It was ready to go, but then Nazi Germany invaded Poland on September 1, 1939, so Howard Hughes did not make his flight. This 307 had its extra fuel tanks taken off. It also had more powerful engines added. It was supposed to be a "flying penthouse" for Hughes, but it was not used a lot. It was eventually sold.

Pam Am started getting its Boeing 307s in March 1940. TWA got its first 307 in April. TWA used its 307s to fly from Los Angeles to New York City. Pan Am's flew from Miami to Latin America. Ten 307s were made. Three were given to Pan Am (named Clipper Flying Cloud, Clipper Comet, and Clipper Rainbow) and five to TWA (named Comanche, Cherokee, Zuni, Navajo, and Apache). One went to Howard Hughes. The first 307 crashed.

After the United States joined World War II, Pan Am kept flying its planes to Central and South America, but the Army Air Force was in charge of them. TWA's Boeing 307s were sold to the U.S. government. They were called Boeing C-75 and used by the United States Army Air Forces.

The U. S. Army gave the five C-75s back to TWA in 1944. TWA sent them back to Boeing to be rebuilt. Boeing replaced the wings and put in more powerful engines. The electrics were replaced with electrics from the Boeing B-29 Superfortress. After these changes, the 307 could carry 38 passengers. TWA switched to the Lockheed Constellation, but the 307s were used until April, 1951.
TWA sold its Stratoliners to Aigle Azur.

The C-75 flew two main routes: Washington, D.C. to Cairo and New York to Scotland. They sometimes flew from Gander, Newfoundland to Prestwick, Scotland and between Natal, Brazil and Accra, Ghana. After July 1942, they could stop to refuel at Ascension Island. I




The only Boeing 307 Stratoliner which still exists is at the Smithsonian Museum's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center. On March 28, 2002, this plane was damaged a lot when it ditched in Elliott Bay in Seattle, Washington. That was its last flight before it went to the Smithsonian.

The main part of Howard Hughes' 307 also still exists, but it is now a house boat.


Vladimír Čech

Vladimír Čech (6 July 1951 – 22 March 2013) was an Czech actor, presenter and former politician. He was known for being the voice of "Garfield" in the Czech versions.

Čech was born on 6 July 1951 in Prague, Czechoslovakia. He studied at the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts. Čech died of Lynch syndrome (a type of colon cancer) and pneumonia on 22 March 2013 in his home in Prague, Czech Republic, aged 61.


Ducky Detweiler

Robert Slerling "Ducky" Detweiler (February 15, 1919 – March 13, 2013) was an American professional baseball infielder and manager. Listed at 5' 11", 178 lb., he batted and threw right handed. He played for the Boston Braves (1942, 1946).

Detweiler was born on February 15, 1919 in Trumbauersville, Pennsylvania. He studied at Quakertown High School. Detweiler was married to Jean Cahall from 1944 until his death in 2013. They had one daughter, Gina. Detweiler died on March 13, 2013 in his home in Easton, Maryland from natural causes, aged 94.


Barnala

Barnala is a city in Barnala District, Punjab in India.

Islam in Afghanistan

Islam is the state religion of the Afghanistan. About 99.7% of the Afghan population is Muslim. About 80-89% practice Sunni Islam and belong to the Hanafi Islamic law school. 10-15% are Shi'a, most of whom follow the Twelver branch with smaller numbers of Ismailis.

Pier 39

Pier 39 is a place in San Francisco. It is a popular place for tourists and has many things to do. There are many restaurants, shops, street performances, and a video arcade. Pier 39 is home to many sea lions and a two-level carousel at the end of the pier.

Pier 39 was first developed by Warren Simmons and opened October 4, 1978.


Keio University

Keio University is one of the oldest universities in Japan. It started in Tokyo in 1858 as a school for Western studies.

Jessica Lucas

Jessica Lucas (September 24 1985) is a Canadian television and movie actress. She played Lily in the movie "Cloverfield". She also acted in several notable television programs. She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

The Kennedys (miniseries)

The Kennedys was an American-Canadian 2011 Emmy Award-winning miniseries.

"The Kennedy's" was about the political career and the personal life of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, and Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.. The show was about how Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. made John F. Kennedy win his election for President.

As the show continued, they show the difficulties of Kennedy's presidency, Joseph's stroke and rough relationship with Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy, and the assassination of both John and Robert Kennedy. The show also featured John's relationship with his wife Jacqueline Kennedy.



Ascot, Berkshire

Ascot is a large village in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire. It is most famous as the location of Ascot Racecourse, which hosts the Royal Ascot meeting. Ascot Racecourse was founded in 1711 by Queen Anne, with the first race, ‘Her Majesty’s Plate’ running in August of that year.

The name Ascot is Anglo-Saxon and derives from East-Cote meaning the Eastern Cottage, probably a reference to being east of the royal estate at Easthampstead. Ascot has always been the western portion of Sunninghill parish (now called Sunninghill and Ascot) and, for most of its history, largely consisted of dangerous heathland frequented by highwaymen.

Ascot has 20% more Higher and Intermediate managerial, administrative or professional households than the national average. Ascot has a higher rate of home ownership, either outright or via a mortgage than the national average, which suggests that Ascot is a relatively affluent area. The population of Ascot as a whole, is older than the national average. The population of Ascot is also older than the average, making Ascot an older persons location.

Lewis Stone

Lewis Shepard Stone (November 15, 1879 – September 12, 1953) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Judge James Hardy in fifteen movies of the "Andy Hardy" movie series. The first movie was "You're Only Young Once" (1937).

Stone was born on November 15, 1879 in Worcester, Massachusetts. He was married to Florence Oakley until they divorced. They had two children. Then he was married to Margaret Langham from 1907 until her death. Then he was married to Hazel Elizabeth Wolf from 1930 until his death in 1953. 

Stone died in Hancock Park, Los Angeles, California on September 12, 1953. He was chasing away some neighborhood children after they attacked his house. His wife Hazel tried to stop Stone from running. Stone managed to run until he suffered a fatal heart attack. He was 73 years old.


Wrigley Building

The Wrigley Building (400-410 North Michigan Avenue, Near North Side, Chicago, Illinois) is a skyscraper in Chicago. It is directly across Michigan Avenue from the Tribune Tower on the Magnificent Mile. 

It was built to hold the corporate headquarters of the Wrigley Company. Construction began for the building in 1920. The building was Chicago's first air-conditioned office building.

The Wrigley Building was sold in 2011 to a group of investors that includes Zeller Realty Group and Groupon co-founders Eric Lefkofsky and Brad Keywell.


Conrad Totman

Conrad Davis Totman (born January 5, 1934) is an American historian, academic, writer, translator and Japan studies expert. Totman is a retired professor at Yale University.

Totman was born in Conway, Massachusetts. He studied at the University of Massachusetts. He was granted a Ph.D. in Asian history at Harvard University in 1964.

Totman taught Japanese history at the University of California at Santa Barbara, at Northwestern University, and at Yale. He retired from Yale in 1997.

In an overview of writings by and about Totman, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 140+ publications in 4 languages and 7,800+ library holdings.



Gregory Smits

Gregory James Smits (born 1960) is an American historian, academic, writer and Japan studies expert. He is a professor of Japanese history at Pennsylvania State University.

Smits was born 1960 in Columbia, Missouri. He was earned an undergraduate degree at the University of Florida in 1983. He was awarded a Masters Degree at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. He was granted a Ph.D. at the University of Southern California.

In an overview of writings by and about Smits, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 8 works in 15+ publications in 2 languages and 1,100+ library holdings.



John Charles Daly

John Charles Patrick Croghan Daly (February 20, 1914 – February 24, 1991) was an American journalist, personality, actor, and game show host. He was known for hosting "What's My Line". He was also the Vice President of ABC during the 1950s. He was the son-in-law of Chief of Justice Earl Warren.

Daly was born on February 20, 1914 in Johannesburg, South Africa to an American family. His parents were on a trip in Johannesburg when he was born. After his father died, Daly and his mother moved to Boston, Massachusetts. Daly studied at the Tilton School and at Boston College.

He was married to Margaret Griswell Neal from 1937 until they divorced in 1959 or 1960. They had three children. Then he was married to Virginia Warren from 1960 until his death in 1991. Virginia was the daughter of Chief Justice Earl Warren.

Daly died on February 24, 1991 in his home in Chevy Chase, Maryland from cardiac arrest, four days after his 77th birthday.

Daly won an Emmy Award in 1955, an Golden Globe Award in 1962, and three Peabody Award in 1954, 1956, and in 1957.


Elaine Stritch

Elaine Stritch (February 2, 1925 – July 17, 2014) was an American actress and vocalist. She was known for her role as Colleen Donaghy in "30 Rock". Stritch was nominated for five Tony Awards. She won three Emmy Awards and two Drama Desk Awards.

Stritch was born on February 2, 1925 in Detroit, Michigan to an Irish-Welsh family. She studied at The New School in New York City. Stritch was married to John Bay from 1973 until his death in 1982. She lived in Birmingham, Michigan.

Stritch died at her home in Birmingham, Michigan from complications of stomach cancer and diabetes on July 17, 2014 at the age of 89.


Drama Desk Award

The Drama Desk Awards are theatre awards. They are given every year in a number of categories. They are the only major New York theatre honors in which productions on Broadway, Off-Broadway, and Off-Off-Broadway compete against each other in the same category. Presented since 1955, they are thought as one of the most important American theatre awards along with the Tony Award. 

Copycat suicide

Sometimes, after a person commits suicide, other people will copy them and also kill themselves. This is called copycat suicide. People may commit copycat suicide after a person they know commits suicide, or after hearing about a suicide through television or other media.

After a famous suicide, there may be more copycat suicides. This is called the Werther effect. Sudden rises in copycat suicides can spread through a home, schools, or even across an entire country. These are called cluster suicides.

Joel Osteen

Joel Scott Osteen (born March 5, 1963) is an American author, televangelist, and the senior pastor of Lakewood Church in Houston, Texas. 

His ministry reaches over seven million broadcast media viewers weekly in over 100 nations around the world. His first book, “Your Best Life Now” has sold 5 million copies. Lakewood Church now occupies the former Compaq Center, once home to the NBA’s Houston Rockets. The venue seats 16,000 people. 

Osteen was born on March 5, 1963 in Houston, Texas. He has been married to Victoria Osteen since 1987. They have two children. He lives in Houston, Texas.

In August 2017, Osteen received significant backlash on social media after he did not initially open Lakewood Church as an emergency shelter following Hurricane Harvey. A post on the church's Facebook page and an Instagram post by associate pastor John Gray, which was later deleted, claimed that flooded highways had made the church inaccessible.


Richard Kind

Richard John Kind (born November 22, 1956) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Mad About You" (as Dr. Mark Devanow) and in "Spin City" (as Paul Thomas Lassiter). Kind voiced Riley's imaginary friend Bing Bong in Pixar's "Inside Out".

Kind was born on November 22, 1956 in Trenton, New Jersey to a Jewish family. He grew up in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Kind studied at Pennsbury High School and at Northwestern University. 

He married Dana Stanley in 1999 and they divorced in 2014. They have three children. Actor and director George Clooney is a close friend, and was best man at Kind's wedding.


Revelstoke, British Columbia

Revelstoke is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Revelstoke is in southeastern in British Columbia and is 641 kilometers (398 mi) east of Vancouver. 

The population of Revelstoke was 7,139 in 2011. The mayor of Revelstoke is David Raven.

The Canadian Pacific Railway opened in the 1880s and ran through Revelstoke. The city was originally named Farwell after one of the local land owner and surveyors. It was then renamed Revelstoke after Lord Revelstoke, head of Baring Brothers & Co. The city of Revelstoke holds the Canadian record for snowiest single winter when 2447 cm (80 feet) of snow fell on Mt.Copeland outside town during winter of 1971-72.


Clive Revill

Clive Selsby Revill (born 18 April 1930) is a New Zealand actor who is best known for his roles in "Avanti!", "A Fine Madness", "The Assassination Bureau", and in "The Pickwick Papers". He also voiced Alfred Pennyworth in "" and Emperor Palpatine in the original release of "". He was nominated for an Golden Globe Award for his role in "Avanti!".

Revill was born in Wellington, New Zealand to British parents. He was raised in London, England. He was married to Valerie Nelson from 1970 until they divorced in 1977. Then he was married to Suzi Schor from 1978 until they divorced in 1988. They had one daughter, Kate Selsby. Revill now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Ronald Toby

Ronald P. Toby (1942 — ) is an American historian, academic, writer and Japan studies expert.

Toby earned a doctorate in Japanese history from Columbia University in 1977.

Toby has been a history professor at the University of California at Berkeley, Keio University and the University of Tokyo.

In an overview of writings by and about Toby, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 18 works in 30+ publications in 3 languages and 790+ library holdings.


Kindergarten Cop

Kindergarten Cop is a 1990 American action comedy movie directed by Ivan Reitman. It is about two undercover cops from Los Angeles pretending to be teachers at an elementary school in Astoria, Oregon to find the ex-wife of a drug dealer, who wants to kidnap their son. Arnold Schwarzenegger, Penelope Ann Miller, Pamela Reed, Richard Tyson, Carroll Baker, Linda Hunt and Matthew Lillard are in the cast. The movie was released in December 1990. It received mixed reviews by critics. However, the movie earned over $200 million at the box office, making the movie very successful.

Division of Bendigo

The Division of Bendigo is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. The division was created in 1900 first federal election in 1901. It is named for the city of Bendigo. In the early years was covered only Bendigo, but on later boundaries the seat has included towns such as Echuca, Castlemaine, Maryborough and Seymour. It now includes Bendigo, Castlemaine, Kyneton and Maldon. 

Bendigo has often been held by both the Australian Labor Party and the conservative parties. Bendigo has had 15 members, the second-highest number (with Denison) of any federal electorate. Famous members have been its first member, Sir John Quick, who was a leading federalist, and Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Hughes, who came from Sydney, represented Bendigo for two terms at a time when the federal Parliament met in Melbourne. John Brumby, who held the seat from 1983 to 1990, later became Premier of Victoria.



Holyland Model of Jerusalem

The Holyland Model of Jerusalem is a model of Old City of Jerusalem from the period of the Second Temple. It was first held in the Holyland Hotel in Jerusalem. It was opened in 1966, together with other models of ancient structure models of Israel. In 2006 the model was moved to a new site in the Israel Museum.


T.O.P

T.O.P. or Choi Seung-hyun (born November 4, 1987) is a South Korean entertainer. He is a rapper, singer-songwriter, music producer, actor and model. He was born on November 4, 1987. He is the oldest member of BigBang.

Shrine of the Book

The Shrine of the Book (, ) is a famous building in the Israel Museum in Jerusalem. It shows the Dead Sea scrolls that were discovered in 1947 at Khirbet Qumran by the Archaeologist Dr. Yigael Yadin.


Walytjatjata

Walytjatjata (also spelled Walytjatjara) is a place in the Northern Territory of Australia that is culturally important to the Pitjantjatjara Aboriginal community. It is located in the far south of the Territory, about away from the border with South Australia. It is surrounded to the north by the western hills of the Mann Ranges. An outstation was built here in the 1980s, although nobody currently lives there permanently. Most of the families associated with the place live in Pipalyatjara, about to the south-east. The houses there are sometimes used for hunting, foraging, painting and cultural events. Nearby are several rockholes and a sacred rock formation that is associated with the .

The name "" refers to something having an owner in Pitjantjatjara.


QVC

QVC is a multinational group that represents shopping at home. The name "QVC" means Quality, Value and Convenience. 

The group are a television network that runs 24 hours a day and seven days per week. Celebrities on QVC have included Rachael Ray, Susan Lucci and Joan Rivers. This network specializes primarily in fashion, shoes and clothing. QVC serves almost 235 million customers in six countries. It was founded by Joseph Segel.

Home Shopping Network

The Home Shopping Network, or HSN, are a major American television group that sell primarily fashion, jewelry, shoes and clothing, although they may sometimes sell other products. HSN were launched in 1982, though did not become national until around 1985. HSN services are broadcasted in several countries around the world.

Evening gown

An evening gown is a fancy dress. It is usually worn to parties or formal dinners. These dresses are usually floor-length dresses

Gloria Reuben

Gloria Elizabeth Reuben (born June 9, 1964) is a Canadian actress and singer. She acts in both television series and movies. Reuben played Elizabeth Keckley in the 2012 movie "Lincoln". She played Jeanie Boulet in the medical drama "ER". Reuben was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Wikivoyage

Wikivoyage is a free travel and tourism guide on the web. It is written by volunteer authors using a wiki. Anyone can edit articles. The name "Wikivoyage" is a combination of the words "wiki" and "voyage", the French word for travel, journey, or trip.

Wikivoyage started publicly in December 2006 as a German-language version that was supported by German and Swiss authors. It was owned by a German non-profit association named Wikivoyage e.V. The Italian version started in December 2007.

In 2012, the content of Wikitravel in other languages was copied to Wikivoyage. At the same time Wikivoyage became hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation (WMF), a non-profit organization that hosts other wikis such as Wikipedia. Wikivoyage was officially re-launched by Wikimedia on January 15, 2013. At that time Wikivoyage was available in German, Italian, English, French, Dutch, Russian, Swedish, Portuguese and Spanish languages. The English version is the biggest, with more than 27,400 articles in September 2016.

Wikivoyage is written by the collaboration of "Wikivoyagers" from around the world. Articles cover different levels of geography, from continents to districts of a city. Articles mostly consist of: destinations, itineraries, phrasebooks, and travel topics.

Geographical units are described in articles based on, "can you sleep there?"

The hierarchy includes:

Articles list attractions such as hotels, restaurants, bars, stores, nightclubs, tour operators, museums, statues or other works of art, city parks, town squares or streets, festivals or events, transport systems or stations, bodies of water, and uninhabited islands.

An itinerary describes a list of destinations and attractions to visit during a specific amount of time, with recommendations of how long to stay and routes to follow. Itineraries usually have a well-defined path.

A phrasebook has:

Travel topics include the following: Something that is too large or too detailed to go in a destination article. General travel information that applies to many destinations. Major events that occur in different places. Specialist information such as scuba-diving sites.


RR Lyrae

RR Lyrae is a pulsating variable star in the constellation Lyra. It is the model for the variable stars known as RR Lyrae variables. It pulses over a short cycle of 13 hours, 36 minutes. Each radial pulsation causes the radius of the star to vary between 5.1 and 5.6 times the Sun's radius.

Stars of this type are often found in globular clusters, and used as standard candles to measure distances to other galaxies.

RR Lyrae and its type are pulsating stars of spectral class A (and rarely F), with a mass of around half the Sun's. It is thought they previously shed mass and consequently, they were once stars with similar or slightly less mass than the Sun, about 0.8 solar masses.

RR Lyrae stars pulse in a manner similar to Cepheid variables, so the mechanism for the pulsation is thought to be similar. The nature and histories of these stars is thought to be rather different.
Unlike Cepheids, RR Lyraes are old, low mass, metal-poor "Population II" stars. They are much more common than Cepheids, but also much less luminous. The average absolute magnitude of an RR Lyrae is about 0.75, only 40 or 50 times brighter than our Sun. Their period is shorter, typically less than one day, sometimes ranging down to seven hours.

The relationship between pulsation period and absolute magnitude of RR Lyraes makes them good standard candles for relatively near objects, especially within the Milky Way. They are extensively used in globular cluster studies, and also used to study chemical properties of older stars.

Knowing the period-luminosity relation for local RR Lyrae-type variable stars allows the distance of more distant stars of this type to be determined. The distance of RR Lyrae remained uncertain until 2002 when the Hubble Space Telescope was used to fix its distance within a 5% margin of error. The result was . When combined with measurements from the Hipparcos satellite and other sources, the result is a distance estimate of .

Rosalind Russell

Rosalind Russell (June 4, 1907 – November 28, 1976) was an American actress who acted in lots of stage plays and many movies. She played a fast talking newspaper reporter in the 1940 screwball movie "His Girl Friday" and Mame Dennis in the movie "Auntie Mame". Russell was born in Connecticut. She died from breast cancer at age sixty-nine in Beverly Hills, California.

L'Osservatore Romano

L'Osservatore Romano is the official newspaper of the Holy See. It was first published in 1861. It is not used for official publications, which appear in Acta Apostolicae Sedis. L'Osservatore Romano is published daily, in Italian. There are also weekly or monthly editions in many other languages.


Mirrors (song)

"Mirrors" is a 2013 song by American singer Justin Timberlake. The song is on his third studio album "The 20/20 Experience". "Mirrors" was released 11 February 2013. 

Galactic Centre

The Galactic Centre (or Galactic Center) is the rotational center of the Milky Way galaxy. 

It is a supermassive black hole of 4,100 ± 0.034 million solar masses. It powers the compact radio source Sagittarius A*. 

It is away from Earth in the direction of the constellations Sagittarius, Ophiuchus, and Scorpius where the Milky Way appears brightest.

Walter Baade searched for the centre of the Milky Way galaxy in the mid-1940s. He used the Hooker telescope at Mount Wilson Observatory in California. 

Up until then the structure and position of the galactic center was not known for sure.

In 2006, the Sagittarius Window Eclipsing Extrasolar Planet Search (SWEEPS) conducted a survey of 180,000 stars for seven days. The objective was to detect extrasolar planets by the transit method.

OGLE and other observation programs have successfully detected extrasolar planets orbiting around central bulge stars in this area by the gravitational microlensing method.

Enterococcus

Enterococcus is a genus of lactic acid bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes.

Enterococci are Gram-positive cocci that often occur in pairs or short chains. They look like streptococci. Two species are regular gut flora organisms in the intestines of humans: "E. faecalis" (90-95%) and "E. faecium" (5-10%).

Enterococci are "facultative anaerobic organisms". This means they can live in both oxygen-rich and oxygen-poor environments.

Members of the genus "Enterococcus" were classified as Group D "Streptococcus" until 1984. Genomic DNA analysis showed they were a separate genus.

Important infections caused by "Enterococcus" include urinary tract infections, bacterial endocarditis, diverticulitis, and meningitis.

Sensitive strains of these bacteria can be treated with ampicillin, penicillin and vancomycin. Urinary tract infections can be treated by antibiotics, but many virulent strains of "Enterococcus" are resistant. From a medical standpoint, an important feature of this genus is the high level of antibiotic resistance. This rules out some important antibiotics.

Mycoplasma

Mycoplasma is a genus of bacteria. They do not have a cell wall around their cell membrane. 
They are gram-negative, and need sterols such as cholesterol for growth. Many common antibiotics such as penicillin that target cell walls do not affect mycoplasma. "Mycoplasma" are the smallest bacterial cells yet discovered. They are typically about 0.1  µm in diameter.

Many species are parasitic, pathogenic or saprophytic, and can survive without oxygen. In humans, "M. genitalium" causes urethritis, and "M. pneumoniae" is a common cause of pneumonia. Some live as saprophytes but the majority are parasites of plants and animals. The parasitic nature is due to the inability of mycoplasmal bacteria to synthesise the required growth factor. 

Micropaleontology

Micropaleontology (also sometimes spelled as micropalaeontology) is the branch of paleontology that studies microfossils. Microfossils are fossils generally not larger than four millimeters, and commonly smaller than one millimeter. A microscope is used to study them. Every kingdom of organisms is represented in the microfossil record. Microfossils can provide important information about the ecology in the past.

People who study micropaleontology are called micropaleontologists. Taxonomy and statistics are important parts of micropaleontology. 

Microfossils are most common in sediment that forms beneath water, particularly ocean water or lake water. Very old microfossils may be found in rock. Special techniques are used to separate microfossils from rock. For example, the shells of diatoms and some other organisms are made of silica; other materials in the rock can sometimes be removed with acid, leaving just the silica shells.

Micropaleontology can be divided into four areas of study. The different areas of study use different techniques to separate the microfossils. This is because the microfossils are made of different minerals: 

The area of study for pollen and spores, including fossils, is called palynology.

Palynology

Palynology is the study of very small natural particles. The word literally means the "study of dust". A palynologist is someone whose job is to identify what the particles are. Samples of particles can come from the air or water or soil or rocks. They could be organic and inorganic. Micropaleontology is a related area of study; it involves very small fossils.

A palynologist uses a microscope. They may also use chemical tests to find out what a particle is made of.

The methods used to study fossils in micropaleontology and in palynology are often different. Micropaleontology often involves breaking and dissolving rocks. Palynology often involves soil or sediment.

The main work of a palynologist is to identify each particle. Many different kinds of particles might be in the same sample. They may include:

When the palynologist knows what particles are present in a sample, they may be able to say what the temperature or environmental chemistry was like where the sample came from. They may also be able to say where the sample came from.

Palynology is used in forensic science to learn where something came from, by looking at the particles in or on it.

Palynology is also very important in the study of climate history. In bodies of water such as lakes, ponds, and the ocean, sediment builds up slowly, so that the oldest sediment is at the bottom. There are ways to take a sample of the sediment that doesn't disturb the layers (either using a tube, or by freezing).

In glacial lakes, the sediment may have varves, which are two layers per year that are different colours. If there are varves, a lot of detailed information can be discovered in a core sample.

Delta Cephei

Delta Cephei (δ Cep, δ Cephei) is a binary star system about 887 light-years away in the northern constellation of Cepheus, the King. At this distance, the apparent magnitude of the star is reduced by 0.23 as a result of gas and dust along the line of sight. 

Delta Cephei, found by John Goodricke in 1784, was only the second Cepheid variable discovered. It is very important because its distance is extremely well known. This is partly because it is in a star cluster, close enough for the precise Hubble Space Telescope/Hipparcos parallaxes to give a good result. As a result, it is known as a "fundamental distance calibrator", or absolute candle. Delta Cephei is a classical, or type I, Cepheid variable.

The only Cepheid variable closer to us is Polaris, the North Star, whose distance is still not exactly known.

Delta Cephei is emitting around 2,000 times the Sun's luminosity. This is producing a strong stellar wind, which, with the pulsations and shocks in the star's atmosphere, is ejecting mass at the rate of masses per year. This is the equivalent to the mass of the Sun roughly every million years. The matter is flowing outward at a velocity of about 350 km s. This expelled gas forms a nebula about one parsec across, centered on Delta Cephei, and contains 0.07–0.21 solar masses of neutral hydrogen. A bow shock is being formed where the stellar wind is colliding with the surrounding interstellar medium.

Quantum state

The quantum state of something is a mathematical tool that describes everything that can be physically measured about that thing. For example, the quantum state of a hydrogen atom, has all the physical information one can get from measuring a hydrogen atom, like its position, momentum, energy, angular momentum, spin, and so forth.


Inge Lønning

Inge Lønning (20 February 1938 – 24 March 2013) was a Norwegian Lutheran theologian, academic, and politician for the Conservative Party of Norway.

Lønning was born on 20 February 1938 in Fana, Bergen, Norway. He was raised in Oslo, Norway. Lønning studied at the University of Oslo. He served as a councilman in Oslo. Lønning died on 24 March 2013 from an illness after going on a trip in Beitostølen, Norway, aged 75.


Haw

Haw or HAW may refer to:


Saguia el Hamra

Saguia el Hamra was one of the two territories that made up the territory Western Sahara, when it was under Spanish rule, until 1978. At that time, Western Sahara was called "Sahara Occidental". It makes up the northern part of the territory, that extends from about 26° northern longitude, to about 27° 50'. It covers an area of roughly . It is named after the river Saguia el Hamra, which only exists during part of the year - a wadi. During the rainy season, it turns into a lake, located near the capital, El Aaiún. The other territory was called Río de Oro

Frank Thornton

Frank Thornton (Frank Thornton Ball; 15 January 1921 – 16 March 2013) was an English actor. He is best known for his roles as Captain Peacock in "Are You Being Served?" and in its sequel "Grace & Favour" ("Are You Being Served Again"), and as Truly in "Last of the Summer Wine".

Thornton was born on 15 January 1921 in Dulwich, London, England. He studied at Alleyn's School and at the London School of Dramatic Art. Thornton was married to Beryl Jane Margaret Evans from 1945 until his death in 2013. They had a daughter, Jane Thornton. He died on 16 March 2013 in his home in Barnes, London, England from natural causes, aged 92.


