Iran Air

Iran Air is an airline based in Iran. It is the flag carrier of Iran, and is owned by the government of Iran.

The airline was started in 1944, and was called the Iranian Airways Company. In 1946, the airline made its first flight. It started by flying only to places in Iran, but soon started flights to other countries. It started by flying Douglas DC-3 airplanes. Later, it bought other types of airplanes. By the late 1950s, Iran Air was moving 80,000 people each year.

In 1961, because the government ordered it, Iran Air combined with another Iranian airline, Persian Air Services. This combined company was owned by the government and called United Iranian Airlines, but it changed its name to Iranian National Airlines. The new airline carried about 142,000 people a year, and by the late 1960s carried 403,000 people.

In the early 1970s, the airline bought five Boeing 747s. After the Islamic Revolution, Iran Air was not allowed to buy planes from the United States, but it still bought planes from Airbus. By the mid 2000s, though, the airline was not able to get enough parts to keep its planes flying, and had to stop flying some of them.

During the early 2000s, Iran Air carried about six million people a year, and an airline it owned, Iran Air Tours, carried two million people. Iran Air had 9,000 people working for it, and made about $407.44 million.

Iran Air has the following types of aircraft in its fleet, as of September 2009:

Edmund Pevensie

Edmund "Ed" Pevensie, is a fictional character in C. S. Lewis's "Chronicles of Narnia". He comes out in three of the seven books ("The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", "Prince Caspian", and "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader"), and a smaller character in two other books ("The Horse and His Boy", and "The Last Battle").

In the live-action films, "", "" and "", Edmund is portrayed by actor Skandar Keynes. Actor Mark Wells portrays an older Edmund at the end of the first movie.

In "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", he betrays his siblings to Jadis, the White Witch while under her influence, but as the story goes on he accepts that he has done wrong. In the book, Edmund is described as having ash blonde hair, grey eyes and dimples like his siblings. He is the only one out of brother and sisters to have light hair which as Lewis states represents him being an outsider.

In "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", Edmund is one of the main characters, at the age of 10 years old, and the character who develops the most over the story.

It is said in the book that Edmund started his life as a likeable person, but then changed for the worse and began to act meanly after moving into a new school. However, in the 2005 movie adaptation of the book, it is said that he is upset that they are sent away from home, on account of their father forced to serve the war.

Edmund talks cruely to Lucy when she first finds the entrance to Narnia through a wardrobe, and is the second of the Pevensie children to go to Narnia, after following Lucy so he could tease her. While there, he meets Jadis, the White Witch (who introduces herself as the Queen of Narnia) and he gets to eat some magical Turkish delight, which causes an addiction in the person who eats it. After that, he promises the White Witch that he will bring his brother and sisters to her castle, not knowing that she was intending to kill them all to prove a Narnian prophecy. Lucy did mention the White Witch in a conversation and Edmund realizes that the witch was none other than the "Queen of Narnia", but the magic of the Turkish Delight was so strong that he decided to go to the castle for more.

When Edmund returns to the normal world, he refuses having been in Narnia, not wanting to admit that Lucy was speaking the truth.

When the four of the Pevensie children later go through the wardrobe he says that he has been in Narnia before. He and the other siblings are protected by Mr and Mrs Beaver. But when the Beavers and the other three Pevensie children are having a conversation about the arrival of Aslan, Edmund sneaks away to the White Witch's castle, where he hopes to be made a prince and later on a king.

However, his thoughts of the Witch changes when she berates him for coming without his siblings, and even more so when on their journey to the Stone Table they find a small group of creatures enjoying a feast made by Father Christmas. When the creatures continue to say that Father Christmas is their benefactor and has entered Narnia, a sign that her power is weakening, she turns them to stone.

Edmund now finds to his horror that the White Witch was evil, and would give anything to be with his brother and sisters. The White Witch's sledge eventually stops as the snow melts (another sign of the witch's crumbling power), so they have to continue their journey on foot. They stop in a wooded valley, where the Witch prepares to kill Edmund, on account of his betraying her. She ties Edmund to a tree and takes out a dagger, but a rescue party sent by Aslan arrives, frees him and brings him to his siblings and the rest of Aslan's troop. Edmund becomes fully sorry after a long talk with Aslan who afterward commands the Pevensies to agree the matter of their brother's misdeeds forgotten. The next day, the Witch claims that Edmund's life is hers. She and Aslan work out an agreement that Aslan will die in Edmund's place (though the other Narnians do not know this), but unknown to her, the magical nature of this agreement allows Aslan to be brought back to life. Susan and Lucy witnessed Aslan's resurrection.

While Aslan and Lucy and Susan race to free the stone prisoners in the Witch's castle, Edmund joins Peter's army in the battle, where he plays a role in breaking the White Witch's dangerous wand, and is wounded in the attempt. Then the Witch's army outnumbered very quickly, and she is soon killed by Aslan, while the leftover of the enemies either give themselves up or take to flight.

However, Edmund is saved from death by the arrival of Aslan, and of Lucy, who gives Edmund a few dropse of a magic cordial which can quickly heal any sickness.

Eventually, Edmund heals is crowned to the Great Western Wood by Aslan as King Edmund the Just, co-ruler of Narnia with Queen Lucy, Queen Susan and High King Peter, and is knighted as Duke of Lantern Waste, Count of the Western March, and Knight of the Noble Order of the Table.

15 years later, he and his siblings return to England, where they all appear as children again.

Edmund and his siblings return to Narnia to meet Caspian, rightful King of Narnia, against King Miraz. He convinces Trumpkin the dwarf that they are the Kings and Queens from the legend by defeating him in a sword-fighting practice. Later, he helps Peter and Trumpkin defend Caspian against Nikabrik (the black dwarf), the hag, and the were-wolf. Edmund is also there to see Peter's sword duel against King Miraz.

Edmund has since become more caring for Lucy, and is the first one to believe her when she "sees" Aslan, going on her side against the disbelief comments of Trumpkin and her other siblings. Edmund is shown in the book more nicer than in "The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe".

In the movie, Edmund proves to be much more mature than Peter and Caspian both, but he stays out of their arguments. Also in the movie, he is able to stop the White Witch from being brought back from the dead by crashing the ice wall she is slipping out of.

Edmund, Lucy and their cousin Eustace come back to Narnia again by a painting, and end up in the ocean. They are saved and brought on board the Dawn Treader by King Caspia who is on a journey to find the three Lords that disappeared. This was Edmund and Lucy's last adventure in Narnia, because Aslan told them they were getting too old to come back. By this point Edmund had matured a great deal which can be seen in the way he deals with Eustace (cousin) and in the fights with King Caspian. Also, Edmund has completely stopped insulting Lucy. When Eustace (cousin) changes his behavior after being changed back from a dragon, Edmund mentions his own betrayal and says that Eustace was not worse than he was with the words "You are an ass, but I was a traitor".

King Edmund, Queen Susan and Mr. Tumnus the Faun are visitors in the country of Calormen, where Prince Rabadash wants Susan to marry him. Thinking that Shasta is the missing Prince Corin of Archenland, Narnia's ally, Edmund scolds the boy for running off and making everybody worried sick of him. The Narnians escape, thanks to Tumnus' cloever plan, which leads Rabadash to make his father agree that they should take Narnia by invading Archenland.

Shasta meets Edmund once again in Anvard. Edmund reminds Shasta that he should not eavesdrop. Edmund and King Lune of Archenland lead the fight against the Calormene army and they manage to win.

After dreaming of King Tirian in Narnia begging for their help in England, Peter and Edmund go to the Ketterleys' old home in London to dig up the magic rings that Professor Kirke buried in the yard as a boy in "The Magician's Nephew" to be used by Eustace and Jill to reach Narnia. They are waiting for the others on the train platform when an accident happens.

When King Tirian sees the Seven Friends of Narnia in his dream, he thinks that Edmund and Peter 'had already the face of a King and a warrior'.

Edmund joins everyone, except Susan, into Aslan's country. Like his Peter and Lucy, he is killed in the train crash and goes back to Aslan's country, where they can all live forever in a peaceful way.


Dexter's Laboratory

Dexter's Laboratory (commonly abbreviated as Dexter's Lab) is an American science fiction animated television series. It was created by Genndy Tartakovsky for the Cartoon Network, as the first Cartoon Cartoon. The series was broadcast from 1996 to 2003. The series takes place in the fictional city of Genius Grove, California, and follows a red-haired boy named Dexter who had a secret laboratory filled with large number of his inventions. His inventions are normally destroyed by his older sister, Dee Dee. This causes Dexter to have to recreate his inventions. The series was followed by a Spin-off and related media. There has also been a Spin-off series titled The Beau Montgomery Show premiered on September 17, 1999 to November 7, 2003, a feature movie, "" (1999), and also an upcoming reboot, of the same name, in late 2024.


The series was one of Cartoon Network president Betty Cohen's favorite animated programs. In an August 2002 "Billboard" interview, rapper Coolio said that he is a fan of the series. He states, "I watch a lot of cartoons because I have kids. I actually watch more cartoons than movies."

The series was called "Dexter's Laboratory" reboot of the 1996 series, and developed by Nico Colaleo, Daisy Schofield and Alicia Chan, produced by Cartoon Network Studios and animated by Sunmin Image Pictures in South Korea, planned in early 2020, during production and resolved in 2023 rewrote and foward to 2024, this parodic version of the original show as a straightfoward light-hearted nature of the original show, similar of the 2016 "The Powerpuff Girls."

Southwestern Bell

Southwestern Bell is an American telephone company. It performs operations in Missouri, Oklahoma, Kansas, Arkansas and Texas. Southwestern Bell is currently owned by AT&T. The company was founded in the early 1920s close to the time Northwestern Bell was founded.

Southwestern Bell traces its histories to the Missouri and Kansas Telephone Company. That network was established in 1882. It was merged into a single part of the Bell System under the Southwestern Telegraph and Telephone Company of Texas/Arkansas, the Pioneer Telephone and Telegraph Company of Oklahoma, and The Bell Telephone Company of Missouri—also called The Missouri Bell Telephone Company—on March 1, 1912. These companies would be the "Southwestern System" of the Bell System. The latter three companies were legally converted to Missouri and Kansas Telephone Company in 1917 and then rebranded as the Southwestern Bell Telephone Company.

On January 1, 1984 the Bell System (AT&T) was split into seven or eight Regional Bell Operating Companies. It was then Southwestern Bell became part of the RBOC division Southwestern Bell Corporation (later SBC Communications). In late 1994 or early 1995 Southwestern Bell Corporation changed its name to SBC Communications. 

In late 2002 the Southwestern Bell name was phased away: doing business as names were not yet in operation at the time. At that moment Southwestern Bell became SBC (standing for nothing). But when doing business names were approved the Southwestern Bell identity was revived and resurrected in the mid-2000s. Southwestern Bell now performs business as AT&T (which was originally American Telephone and Telegraph). 

Rufus Wainwright (album)

Rufus Wainwright is the first studio album by Rufus Wainwright.

All songs written by Wainwright.

Poses

Poses is an album by Rufus Wainwright.

All songs written by Wainwright, unless otherwise noted.



Want One

Want One is an album by Canadian-American singer and songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was released in 2003.

All songs written by Wainwright.



Want Two

Want Two is the fourth album by Canadian-American singer and songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was released in 2004. Most of the songs were recorded at during the sessions for his third album, "Want One". "Want Two" was made using what Wainwright described as " the weird stuff." The song "Memphis Skyline" was a tribute to his friend Jeff Buckley.


Release the Stars

Release the Stars is an album by Canadian-American singer and songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was produced by Marius de Vries and released in 2007. Other musicians on the album are Richard Thompson, Teddy Thompson and Kate McGarrigle.

All songs written by Wainwright.


All Days Are Nights: Songs for Lulu

All Days Are Nights: Songs for Lulu is an album by Rufus Wainwright.

All songs written by Wainwright, unless otherwise noted.


Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall

Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall is a live album by Rufus Wainwright. It was released in 2007. Wainwright performs the songs that Judy Garland performed at her concert at Carnegie Hall in 1961.




Loudon Wainwright III

Loudon Wainwright III (born September 5, 1946, Chapel Hill, North Carolina) is an American singer. He is the father of singers Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright and Lucy Wainwright Roche. He is the former husband of Kate McGarrigle.


Tidal (album)

Tidal is the 1996 first album by Fiona Apple. Six singles were released from it: "Shadowboxer", "Slow Like Honey", "Sleep to Dream", "The First Taste", "Criminal" and "Never Is a Promise". "Criminal" received the 1997 Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance. "Tidal" reached number 15 on the U.S. Billboard 200. "Rolling Stone" put it at #83 in their 100 Best Albums of the Nineties. 

All songs written by Fiona Apple.


When the Pawn...

When the Pawn... is a 1999 album by Fiona Apple. The following poem is the full title of the album:

"When the pawn hits the conflicts he thinks like a king<br>
What he knows throws the blows when he goes to the fight<br>
And he'll win the whole thing 'fore he enters the ring<br>
There's no body to batter when your mind is your might<br>
So when you go solo, you hold your own hand<br>
And remember that depth is the greatest of heights<br>
And if you know where you stand, then you know where to land<br>
And if you fall it won't matter, cause you'll know that you're right" When it was released it had the world record for the longest album title.

Three singles were released from the album: "Fast as You Can", "Limp", and "Paper Bag". "Paper Bag" was nominated for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance for the 43rd Grammy Awards (2001).

The album got good reviews. Pitchfork gave it a score of 8.0.

The Japanese edition of the album had "Across the Universe" and "Never is a Promise [live]" as bonus tracks.

Extraordinary Machine

Extraordinary Machine is the third album by American singer Fiona Apple. It was released in 2005. Four singles were released from the album: "O'Sailor", "Not About Love", "Get Him Back", and "Parting Gift". Critics generally had positive responses to the album. It was going to be released in 2003.


Angela Bassett

Angela Bassett (born August 16, 1958) is an American actress. She is best known for her movies including "Waiting to Exhale" and "How Stella Got Her Groove Back". Her role as Queen Ramonda in the 2022 movie "", won her the Golden Globe Award and earned her an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination.

Angela Bassett was born in Harlem, New York City. Afterwards, she moved to St. Petersburg, Florida and was brought up by her foster mother Betty. She studied of Yale University and got her "Bachelor of Arts" in African-American history in 1980.

In 1986, she met her future husband Courtney B. Vance in Yale, who studied drama. After graduating, she worked as a receptionist for a beauty salon and as a photo researcher. Bassett married Vance in 1997. They live in California and have twin children since 2006.

Cindy Crawford

Cynthia Ann "Cindy" Crawford (born February 20, 1966) is an American fashion model, actor and producer. She was born in DeKalb, Illinois, USA. Her brother died of leukaemia when she was 10 years old. At age 16 she was scouted by a photographer and entered a "Look of the Year" contest put on by Elite Model Management. She was a runner-up and the agency agreed to represent her. She graduated from DeKalb High School as valedictorian and received a scholarship to Northwestern University. She later dropped out to pursue her modelling career.


Galmudug

Galmudug is a secular state in the central region of Somalia. The administrative capital is South Galcayo. It is in the southern half of the city and district of Gaalkacyo. To the north is Puntland, to the west is Ethiopia and to the south and east is the rest of Somalia, presently under the control of the Transitional Federal Government (TFG). The name is a combination of Galguduud and Mudug. Unlike the Somaliland region in northwestern Somalia, Galmudug is not trying to be accepted as a separate country. It believes itself to be a federal division within the larger federal republic of Somalia, such as defined by the 2004 Transitional Federal Charter (TFG).

Sketch

A sketch (from Ancient Greek σχέδιος - schedios "temporary") is a fast freehand drawing that is not supposed to be a finished work. If in oil paint it is called an oil sketch. In general, a sketch is a quick way to practice an idea for later use. Artist's sketches usually serve as a way to try out different ideas and start a painting before starting a more finished work, especially when the finished work is costly and takes up time (as in the case of a large painting or fresco). Sketching eases an artist's ability to focus on the most important parts of a subject and is a main part of artistic learning for students.

Yogyakarta Principles

Yogyakarta Principles, formally The Yogyakarta Principles on the Application of International Human Rights Law in Relation to Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity is an advocacy document relating to international human rights law on the dignity and asserted rights of LGBT people. It was adopted after an international meeting held by the International Commission of Jurists in Yogyakarta, Indonesia from 6 to 9 November 2006. Mary Robinson, a former United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, is one of 29 people who signed the Principles. The Council of Europe esteems these Principles in a document, "Human Rights and Gender Identity". These Principles have also been translated into the official languages of the United Nations: Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish. They have also been translated into other languages.

The Principles also reports that there are refugees from persecution and even honour killings because of sexual orientation or gender identity.

To realize the human rights on sexual orientation and gender identity according to the Vienna Declaration and those Principles, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has made up a document for the 19th sessions of United Nations Human Rights Council. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime also use those Principles for the human treatment of prisoners.

The Yogyakarta Principles consist of a Preamble, 29 Principles, and additional recommendations to the United Nations and the international community based on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Vienna Declaration, and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. According to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women they also exist to abolish the stereotyped role on gender. The Yogyakarta Principles affirm international legal standards with which they demand States must comply.

The Preamble tells of human rights violations because of sexual orientation and gender identity and explains what sexual orientation and gender identity are. The Principles affirm human rights, such as civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights, and demand the prohibition of all discrimination relating to those human rights. Principle 3 demands legal recognition of the sex change of transsexuals without any surgery, including sterilization and sexual reassignment surgery, because the each person's self-defined gender identity is seen as important for the autonomy and dignity of the person. But at the same time, the importance of the rights to undergo body modification on sexual reassignment surgery as a "non-discriminatory treatment" and other health cares without discrimination is emphasized, and must be provided even in prison. The Principles affirm protection by states against all human trafficking, homelessness and violence, hate crimes, harassment and bullying. They insist that it is important for society to respect the dignity and self-esteem of LGBT people against prejudice and to protect their right to education. The Principles also insist on the prevention of any medical abuse, including the case of the intersex children, and assert that any gender identity is not a disease. They also aim to promote human rights of any kind and say that States must protect LGBT activists from any violence, threat or discrimination against them. Principle 29 affirms that violations of human rights including on sexual orientation and gender identity must be punished.

Many radical feminists think the Principles are misguided and a threat to women's rights. Feminist scholar Sheila Jeffreys says "The Yogyakarta Principles do not have any force in law...They arise from a campaign by crossdressing men to protect and promote their masochistic sexual obsession."



Moorgate station

Moorgate station is a central London National Rail and London Underground station in the City of London. It is on Moorgate, north of London Wall. At one time the station was named "Moorgate Street". It is the central London railway terminus for suburban First Capital Connect services from Hertford, Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth. Until March 2009 it was also a terminus for trains on the Thameslink line, also run by First Capital Connect. It is the site of the Moorgate tube crash of 1975 in which 46 people were killed and 74 were injured.

The Underground station is on the Bank branch of the Northern line between and , and also on the Circle, Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines, between and .


Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights

Office of the United Nations High Commissiner for Human Rights is an office of the United Nations made in 1993 according to the Vienna Declaration. The end of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights is to promote globally the human rights and to consider the treatiess on human rights and humanitarian laws.


Patrick M. Byrne

Patrick M. Byrne (born 1962, Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States) is the CEO and chairman of Overstock.com. He took control of the company in 1999.

He had previously lead two smaller companies, including one owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway.

Overstock.com

Overstock.com is an Internet retailer based in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, near Salt Lake City. 

It was started in 1997 by Robert Brazell and originally called D2: Discounts Direct. It was an online seller of surplus merchandise which, upon its failure in 1999, was taken over by Patrick M. Byrne, who changed its name to Overstock.com. The company went public in 2002, achieved profits in 2009 and reported its first billion-dollar year in 2010.

Janusz Palikot

Janusz Marian Palikot, born in Biłgoraj on October 26, 1964, is a Polish politician, activist and businessman known for his controversial remarks.

He was elected to the Sejm twice—on September 25, 2005, when he got over 26,000 votes in 6 Lublin district, running on the Platforma Obywatelska (PO) list and getting over 44,000 votes in 2007.

He left the Civic Platform on October 6, 2010 and started his own party, Modern Poland on October 22.

Gary Weiss

Gary Weiss is an American investigative journalist, columnist and author. He wrote two books about the ethics and morality of Wall Street.

The articles he wrote for Business Week exposed organized crime on Wall Street and the Salomon Brothers bond trading scandal in the 1990s. He also has covered the financial crisis of 2007–2010 and the events caused by it."

Sam Brownback

Sam Brownback (born September 12, 1956) is an American politician. He was the United States Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom from February 1, 2018 until January 20, 2021. He served as the 46th Governor of Kansas from 2011 to 2018. Before he was governor, Brownback was a United States Senator and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives.

On July 26, 2017, the White House issued a statement that Brownback would be nominated as the new U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom. 

On January 24, 2018, the Senate voted to advance his nomination to the floor, with Vice President Mike Pence casting the tie-breaking vote. Pence cast another tie-breaking vote to confirm the nomination after the cloture vote. On January 25, Brownback submitted his resignation as governor, effective January 31, 2018.

Populus sect. Aigeiros

Populus" section "Aigeiros is a section of three species in the genus "Populus", the poplars. They are commonly known as cottonwood.

The species are native to North America, Europe and western Asia. The cottonwood is the state tree of Kansas.

List of Kansas state symbols

The following is a list of symbols of the U.S. State of Kansas.


Homogenic

Homogenic is an album by Björk. It was released in 1997. Music critic Sal Cinquemani said that it is the best electronic music album of the 1990s. Pitchfork gave it 9.9 out of 10. Five singles were released from the album. It was nominated in the Best Alternative Music Performance at the 1998 Grammy Awards.


Vespertine

Vespertine is an album by Björk. It was released in 2001. Three singles were released from it. It was nominated for Best Alternative Album at the 2002 Grammy Awards.


Medúlla

Medúlla is an album by Björk. It was released in 2004. All the music is made with voices and corporal noises, heavily edited with computers. The album got good reviews from critics. Pitchfork gave it 8.4/10. It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album. Four singles were released from the album. It is an a cappella album with a beatbox, electronic music and experimental music influences.


Jerry Springer

Gerald Norman "Jerry" Springer (February 13, 1944 – April 27, 2023) was an American talk show host, movie, television, radio, and stage actor. He was the host for "The Jerry Springer Show". He served as Mayor of Cincinnati from 1977 to 1978 as a Democrat.

Springer was born in February 13, 1944 in Highgate, London to Jewish parents from Germany. He was raised in London until he and his parents moved to New York City and in Chicago, Illinois. He was the Mayor of Cincinnati from 1977 through 1978. He married Vicki Melton in 1973. He lived in Cincinnati, Ohio and in Chicago, Illinois.

After announcing his candidacy, Springer was called to active duty and stationed at Fort Knox. He resumed his campaign after he was discharged.

In 1973 Springer got married to Micki Velton and had one daughter, Katie Springer (born 1976), and got divorced in 1994.

Springer died on April 27, 2023, at the age of 79, at his home in Evanston, Illinois. A family spokesperson said he had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer a few months before his death.


Aynishan Quliyeva

Aynişan Quliyeva (born 1992 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is a singer. She is the daughter of Azeri singer Aybeniz Hasimova. In 2010 she made it to the Azerbaijani national final for the chance to represent Azerbaijan in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2011 held in Germany. In her semifinal she received 25000 votes, about 10000 more votes then any of the other winners of the semifinals. She is considered favourite to win the national final.

Audible

Audible may refer to:

The Sea of Monsters

The Sea of Monsters is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology. It was written by Rick Riordan and published in 2006. It is the second novel in the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series and is the sequel to "The Lightning Thief". This book is about the adventures of thirteen-year-old demigod Percy Jackson. It describes how he and his friends rescue his satyr friend Grover from the Cyclops Polyphemus. They also save Camp Half-Blood, a summer camp for demigods, from a Titan attack. They bring the Golden Fleece from Polyphemus' island which cures Thalia's poisoned pine tree, that protected the camp.

"The Sea of Monsters" received good reviews and was nominated for many awards such as the 2006 Book Sense Top Ten Summer Pick and the 2009 Mark Twain Award. It sold over 100,000 copies in paperback. It was released as an audiobook on September 6, 2006. "The Sea of Monsters" is followed by "The Titan's Curse", which is the third book of the five in the series.

Like the first book, "The Lightning Thief", this novel is of the fantasy genre. Reviewers have called it a "fast paced" book with humor and action, which discusses acceptance and family love.

Percy Jackson is a 13 year-old demigod. He is playing dodgeball against large seventh graders. He discovers they are Laistrygonians (a kind of monster in Greek mythology). They try to kill Percy with explosive fireballs. He is protected by Tyson, a friend. The Laistrygonians' fireballs do nothing to Tyson, which surprises Percy. Annabeth rescues Percy and takes Percy and Tyson to Camp Half-Blood. They find the camp is under attack. This is because Thalia's tree, which protects the camp, has been poisoned by an unknown intruder. Chiron, the activities director, has been sacked. This is because he is suspected to have poisoned the tree. He is replaced by Tantalus, a spirit from the Fields of Punishment.

Percy finds out that Tyson is a Cyclops. Poseidon claims Tyson as his son, making him Percy's half-brother. Annabeth and Percy ask Tantalus to send somebody on to find the Golden Fleece (the wool of a golden-haired sheep in Greek mythology). Tantalus sends Clarisse, the daughter of the god of war, Ares, to get the Fleece. Poseidon gives Percy and his friends three Hippocampi. Together with Annabeth and Tyson, Percy find a cruise ship called the "Princess Andromeda". They discover it is owned by Luke. They are captured by Luke in the ship. There, they learn that Luke is trying to reform Kronos. Kronos is an evil Titan lord. They manage to escape from the ship. 

Later, they are saved by Clarisse. Clarisse was traveling on her own boat. Her father, Ares, had given her the boat as a gift. The boat is destroyed when they enter the Sea of Monsters. The book says that mortals know the Sea of Monsters as the Bermuda Triangle.

Along the way, they land at the island of Circe, a magician. She changes Percy into a guinea pig. Annabeth saves Percy and they manage to leave in a ship. They pass the land of the Sirens. Annabeth knows that the Sirens tell a person of their innermost wishes. She tells Percy that she wants to listen to the Sirens' songs. So, she asks Percy to tie her to the mast of the ship. But, Percy forgets to remove her knife. So, she manages to free herself. She almost manages to reach the land. However, Percy saves her. This way, he learns what that the Sirens' song made Annabeth see. The monsters showed her parents together again and Luke having become good. They are all having a picnic, in a new Manhattan, built by Annabeth. From the Sirens' song, Annabeth understands that her fatal fault is hubris (arrogance or too much pride).

After this, they reach the island of Polyphemus. Tyson and Clarisse help them save Grover. They also get back the Fleece. Annabeth is injured in the island. But the Fleece helps her to become better. They return to Florida on the hippocampi. Percy sends Clarisse back to camp with the Fleece. Then, Luke captures Percy, Annabeth, Grover and Tyson. Percy manages to contact camp with an Iris-message. In this way, he tricks Luke into saying he poisoned Thalia's tree. Luke almost kills Percy in a fight. Chiron and his relatives, the Party Ponies, save Percy and the others. Chiron becomes the activities director again as everyone knows he is not guilty. The Fleece cures Thalia's tree of its poison. It even makes Thalia live again.


"The Sea of Monsters" received mostly positive reviews. Reviewers praised the plot, the themes and the author's style of writing. "Publishers Weekly" in their review said the book was better than its prequel, "The Lightning Thief". "School Library Journal" praised the novel's plot and its characters. They said that Percy was an appealing character and said readers would like the "chilling prophecy" which was a part of the plot. "Child" magazine also praised the style of the book. They said it was similar to "The Lightning Thief", and added that the series would get many new readers. "Children's Literature" said the writing was "extraordinary" and added, "...[t]his book, sequel to "The Lightning Thief", is an amazing mixture of mythology and young adult fiction." Matt Berman, of Common Sense Media, praised the book, saying "The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun, with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist." Norah Piehl of Kidsreads.com also gave a positive review. She praised the book's style and said it was similar to the previous book in the series It sold over 100,000 copies in hardcover by the time paperback copies were released in April 2007.

However, "Kirkus" was not positive about the book, saying that "it's doubtful Percy wouldn't guess Tyson's otherworldly connection (his connection with the world of Greek gods) immediately after the dodgeball game [...] some of the humor will zip over the heads of the target audience" However, they praised the style of the novel, particularly the way in which Percy makes humorous comments.


On September 6, 2006, a seven hour and 54 minute audiobook version of "The Sea of Monsters", read by actor Jesse Bernstein was published worldwide by Listening Library. Bernstein had also narrated "The Lightning Thief"s audiobook,

"AudioFile" magazine praised the audiobook. They said that the "[...]action-packed book (second in a series) will delight fans of Percy Jackson, the half-blood son of Poseidon, as Percy once again battles mythical monsters in modern-day settings while on his mission to save the tree that guards Camp Half-Blood." They also praised Bernstein, saying "[n]arrator Jesse Berns helps listeners slip right into the oddly engaging world that Riordan creates, in which contemporary (modern) teen characters and those from classical mythology intermingle (get mixed)." They mentioned that he could successfully portray teenagers, while keeping the pace fast. This allowed to enjoy the book's humor. The magazine "Publishers Weekly" praised Bernstein's "snappy (quick) delivery and all the right funny touches" that made the "action-packed fantasy such fun."

After the movie "" was somewhat successful, a film of "The Sea of Monsters" was planned. This was reported in early 2011. In fall 2011, it was confirmed that 20th Century Fox will release the film on March 27, 2013.

The novel was followed by "The Titan's Curse", released on May 1, 2007. In "The Titan's Curse", Percy, Grover, Annabeth and Thalia go to a school to recruit two powerful demigods. Like the earlier two books in the series, this book was well received. Reviewers praised its humorous style and the plot of the story.



Debut (Björk album)

Debut is an album by Björk. It was released in 1993. It has sold 4.7 million copies around the world. Five singles were released from it. These were "Human Behaviour", "Venus as a Boy", "Play Dead", "Big Time Sensuality" and "Violently Happy". Most of the reviews of "Debut" said that it is a good album. The video for "Human Behaviour" was nominated for Best Short Form Music Video at the 1994 Grammy Awards.


Off the Wall

Off the Wall is an album by Michael Jackson. It was released in 1979. 5 of the 10 songs on the album were released as singles: "Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough", "Rock With You", "Off the Wall", "She's Out of My Life", and "Girlfriend". Three of them had videos. It sold over 8 million copies in the United States and 20 million copies around the world. The album got good reviews. "Rolling Stone" compared his vocals to the "breathless, dreamy stutter" of Stevie Wonder and described his tenor as "extraordinary beautiful".

The first single, "Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough", reached No.1. It won a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in 1980. However, Jackson was disappointed at this. He said, "It was totally unfair that it didn't get Record of the Year and it can never happen again".

"Off the Wall" was Jackson's first album produced by Quincy Jones.

In 2001 a special edition of the album was released by Sony Records with 9 extra tracks.

"Rolling Stone" put the album at number 68 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time in 2003.

In 2008 the album became part of the Grammy Hall of Fame.


Thriller (Michael Jackson album)

Thriller is an album by Michael Jackson. It was released in 1982 and is the biggest selling album of all time. Seven singles were released from the album. It won eight Grammy Awards, the most anyone has won at once.

In 1979 Jackson released "Off the Wall". It was very successful. However Jackson was not happy. At the 1980 Grammys he won one Grammy from the album. It was the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for the single "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough". Jackson said that "It was totally unfair that it didn't get Record of the Year and it can never happen again". When Jackson made "Thriller" he wanted it to be more successful than "Off the Wall". "Thriller" won Record of the Year.
In October 2001 a special edition of the album was released. It has an extra twelve tracks.

In 2008 twenty-five years after its release the album was released again as "Thriller 25". It had seven extra songs: a new song, "For All Time", five remixes with Fergie, will.i.am, Kanye West, and Akon, and a clip from Vincent Price's spoken bit in the song "Thriller". Jackson was the album's executive producer.
Jackson died in 2009. This made people buy more of his music. In 2009 "Thriller" sold 1.27 million copies in the US. This made it the 14th best-selling album of the year.

"Thriller 25th Anniversary: The Book, Celebrating the Biggest Selling Album of All Time" was published.

"The Girl Is Mine" was released as the album's first single. It reached number two in the "Billboard" 100. By 1985, it had sold 1.3 million copies.

"Billie Jean" was released as the second single. It was number one in the United States, the United Kingdom, Spain and Switzerland. It won two Grammy Awards.

The album's third single "Beat It" reached number one in the "Billboard" 100. It won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year and Best Male Rock Vocal Performance. It also won two American Music Awards.

"Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" reached number five in the "Billboard" 100. The song was nominated for "Best R&B Song" at the 1984 Grammy Awards. "Billie Jean" won the award instead.

"Human Nature" was released as the fifth single. It reached number seven in the Hot 100.

"P.Y.T (Pretty Young Thing)" was "Thriller"'s sixth single. It reached number ten in the Hot 100.


Generation X

Generation X, commonly abbreviated to Gen X, is the generation born after the Western Post–World War II baby boom and before the Millennials. Commentators typically use birth years ranging from the mid-1960s to the early 1980s.

Many sources describe Generation X as people born between the years 1965 to 1979. Many other sources mention Generation X were born between 1965 and 1983. 

Examples of Gen Xers include Chris Pratt, Billy Corgan, Ben Stiller, Scott Weiland, Will Smith, Adam Sandler, Orlando Bloom, Kurt Cobain, Claire Danes, Brooke Shields, Sarah Jessica Parker, and Isla Fisher.

Bad

Bad is an album by Michael Jackson. It was released in 1987 by Epic Records. It is one of the 20 best-selling albums of all time and the ninth best-selling album ever in the UK. 9 out of the 11 songs on the album were released as singles, 10 had music videos, and five reached number one in the US "Billboard" Hot 100. This was the most number ones an artist had ever had from one album. The album is a mixture of R&B, pop rock and soul. It was produced by Quincy Jones. "Rolling Stone" magazine put the album at number 202 in their 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. The album is in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die". "Bad" won two Grammy Awards. Jackson wanted the album to have thirty songs on it. Quincy Jones cut this down to ten. The CD release of "Bad" included "Leave Me Alone" as the eleventh song. Davitt Sigerson, of "Rolling Stone" wrote that ""Bad" is a better record than "Thriller"."

"I Just Can't Stop Loving You" was released as the first single from "Bad". It is a duet with Siedah Garrett. It reached number one in the US. "Bad" was released as the second single. It also reached number one. The third single was "The Way You Make Me Feel". It was "Bad"'s third number one. "Bad"s fourth single "Man in the Mirror" was number one. It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Record of the Year. "Dirty Diana", "Bad"s fifth single, was also number one. "Another Part of Me" was released as the sixth single. It was the first single from the album to not be number one. It reached number eleven. "Smooth Criminal" was released as the sixth single. It reached number seven.

In 1982 Jackson released "Thriller". It became the best-selling album ever. Jackson wanted "Bad" to be even more successful and to sell 100 million copies. "Bad" was the second best selling album of the 1980s in the United Kingdom. It has sold over 45 million copies worldwide. This makes it the eleventh best selling album ever.

"Bad 25" was released on September 18, 2012, 25 years after the album's release. It had two CDs, the original album and a second CD with remixes and songs recorded for "Bad" that were not put on the record. A documentary film about the making of "Bad" was also released in August 2012.


Dangerous (Michael Jackson album)

Dangerous is the eighth studio album by Michael Jackson, released on November 26, 1991 on Epic Records. "Dangerous" has sold over 40 million albums worldwide, 8 million albums were sold in the United States alone. It was his fastest selling album in the US. It was the best selling album in the world of 1992.

Dangerous was the first album to be produced fully by Michael Jackson. Since 1979, Jackson's albums had been produced by Quincy Jones. The album has a new jack swing and R&B sound.

"Rolling Stone" gave the album four out of five stars. The themes of the lyrics on the album include social justice, lust, romance, and religion.

9 singles were released: "Black or White", "Remember the Time", "Jam", "In The Closet", Heal the World", "Who Is It", "Will You Be There", and "Gone Too Soon". "Dangerous" was going to be released but wasn't because of Jackson's personal problems. The album's singles were more successful in the United Kingdom and other countries than in the United States.

The album's first single "Black or White" went to number one. The second single was "Remember the Time". The music video had Eddie Murphy and Iman in it.

The third single from "Dangerous" was "In the Closet". It reached number six in the Billboard Hot 100. The black British model Naomi Campbell danced with Jackson in the video.

Dangerous' fourth single "Jam" reached number twenty-six in the Billboard Hot 100. In other countries it was more successful. In Spain it reached number one. Big D rapped on the song.

"Who Is It" was released as the album's fifth single. It reached number fourteen in the Billboard Hot 100.

"Will You Be There" was on the soundtrack of "Free Willy". It features The Cleveland Orchestra.

In 2009 Michael Jackson died and lots of people bought his music. "Dangerous" reached number 78 in the Swiss Singles Chart.

The album was nominated for four Grammy Awards. "Will You Be There" won the MTV Movie Award for "Best Song in a Movie" in 1994.


List of governors of Kansas

The Governor of the State of Kansas is the head of state for the State of Kansas. Under the Kansas Constitution, the Governor is also the head of government. The Governor is the Commander-in-Chief of the Kansas National Guard when not called into Federal use.

Kansas has had 47 governors since becoming a state.

The current governor is Laura Kelly. She started on January 14, 2019.

Since 1962, the governor lives in the governor's mansion.

The Grim Adventures of Billy &amp; Mandy

The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy, also known as simply Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy, Billy & Mandy, The Grim Adventures or Grim Adventures, is a children's series. It was created by Maxwell Atoms. It was originally shown on the Cartoon Network. It began on June 13, 2003 and ended on November 9, 2007.

The series is targeted at 9–14 year olds.

The directors of the episodes included Juli Murphy, Robert Alvarez, Brain Sheesley, Shaun Cashman, Eddy Houchins, Sue Perrotto, Randy Myers, John McIntyre, Phil Cummings, Matt Engstrom, Kris Sherwood, and Russell Calabrese.

Writers for the series were Maxwell Atoms, Gord Zajac, C.H. Greenblatt, Vincent Walter, Matt Sullivan, and Chris Reccardi.

It is related to Evil Con Carne.



Melanie Griffith

Melanie Griffith (born August 9, 1957) is an American actress. She is the daughter of Tippi Hedren. She has been in many motion pictures. She is an Academy Award nominee and Golden Globe winner for her performance in the 1988 movie "Working Girl".

She graduated from Hollywood Professional School when she was 16 years old.

Griffith began work at nine months old in a commercial. In "Night Moves" she did racy nude scenes at age 17.

At age 14, Griffith began dating 22-year old actor Don Johnson. He co-starred with her mother in "The Harrad Experiment". Griffith was an extra. They had a six-month marriage in 1976. Tatum O'Neal said in her 2004 autobiography that around that time, she (then 12) and Griffith (then 18) were in an opium-fueled orgy in a Paris hotel room.

In September 1981, Griffith married Steven Bauer. He was her co-star in the TV movie "She's in the Army Now". They have a son, Alexander, born on August 22, 1985. The couple divorced in 1987. Griffith later said she had problems with cocaine and liquor after her divorce from Bauer. "What I did was drink myself to sleep at night," she said. "If I wasn't with someone, I was an unhappy girl."

She checked into rehab in 1988. During this time, she got back together with Johnson, became sober and pregnant. They remarried in June 1989. Their daughter, Dakota Johnson, was born on October 4, 1989. They separated in June 1994. They divorced in 1996.

Griffith and Antonio Banderas began a relationship in May 1995 when they began filming "Two Much". The couple has been married since May 14, 1996. Their daughter, Stella del Carmen Banderas Griffith, was born on September 24, 1996. There are reports of trouble in the marriage due to Antonio's closeness to an Indian Actress Mallika Sherawat. In June 2014, Griffith and Banderas stated that they are to divorce. The divorce was finalized in 2015.

Her father, Peter Griffith, died at age 67 on May 14, 2001.

In 1988, Griffith sought treatment for addiction to painkillers and alcohol after the filming of Working Girl. She went into rehab in 2000 for a painkiller addiction. She returned to rehab in August 2009 for substance abuse problems. She left three months later and underwent surgery for skin cancer in December 2009.


N.W.A

N.W.A (an abbreviation for Niggaz Wit Attitudes also Niggers With Attitude) was an American hip hop group. Its members were Eazy-E, DJ Yella, Arabian Prince, MC Ren, Ice Cube and Dr. Dre. It was first managed by Jerry Heller.

The rap group started in 1986 in Compton, California and lasted until 1991. The group originated gangsta rap and had lyrics unique to gangsta rap that were very explicit, violent, misogynist, sexist, and racist. They made them controversial. Their controversies included being banned from many American radio stations. One of their most controversial songs was "Fuck tha Police". The song expressed anger, violence and racism towards police officers. Many people believed that N.W.A glamorized gang violence, street thugs and the violent lifestyle, among many people in Compton.

A biographical movie was made in 2015. It is titled Straight Outta Compton, the title of one of the rap group’s songs. The movie details the formation, notable actions, and disbandment of N.W.A.

They made 2 albums, 1 EP, and 7 compilation albums: 




Philip K. Dick Award

The Philip K. Dick Award is a science fiction award. It is named after science fiction and fantasy writer Philip K. Dick. It has been awarded since 1983. Dick died in 1982. The prize is given to the best original paperback published each year in the US. It is given at the Norwescon science fiction convention every year. The Philadelphia Science Fiction Society supports the award. The Philip K. Dick Trust has supported the award since 2005. Books that have won the award have "Best Original SF Paperback" printed on their covers. 

Thomas Disch started this award with help from David G. Hartwell, Paul S. Williams, and Charles N. Brown. David G. Hartwell and Gordon Van Gelder manage the award now. Some other people who have been in charge of the award include Algis Budrys and David Alexander Smith.

Winning authors are listed in bold.<br>
Authors of books that were given special notice or citations are listed in "italics". The year in the table below tells the year the book was published. The award was given the next year.


Rinca

Rincah, is a small island near Komodo island, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia. The island is famous for giant lizards called Komodo dragons. Rincah also has many other animals such as wild pigs, buffalos, and birds. The island may also be called Rinca and Rindja.

Rincah is less popular than Komodo Island, so it is an excellent place to see the Komodo Dragon in nature with fewer people around. Day trips can be arranged from Labuanbajo on Flores by small boat at the park headquarters.


Diane Keaton

Diane Keaton (born Diane Hall, January 5, 1946) is an American movie actress, director, producer, and screenwriter.

Keaton was born on January 5, 1946 in Los Angeles, California. Her mother, Dorothy Deanne (née Keaton; 1921–2008), was a homemaker and amateur photographer; her father, John Newton Ignatius "Jack" Hall (1921–1990), was a real estate broker and civil engineer. Her father, from Nebraska, came from an Irish-American Catholic background, and her mother, originally from Kansas, came from a Methodist family, and had English, German, and more distant Austrian, ancestry. Keaton was raised a Free Methodist by her mother. Her mother won the "Mrs. Los Angeles" pageant for homemakers; Keaton has said that the theatricality of the event inspired her first impulse to be an actress, and led to her wanting to work on stage. She has also credited Katharine Hepburn, whom she admires for playing strong and independent women, as one of her inspirations.

Keaton had bulimia nervosa in the early 1970s. She has never married. She has two adopted children: a daughter Dexter Keaton (born 1995) and a son Duke Keaton (born 2000).

She starred in "Annie Hall", "Looking for Mr. Goodbar", "Manhattan Murder Mystery", "Marvin's Room", "Baby Boom", "Father of the Bride", "Father of the Bride Part II", "The First Wives Club" and "Something's Gotta Give".


Manticore

Manticores (from Greek "martikhoras", meaning man-eater) were creatures in Greek mythology. They had the body of a lion, a human head, and three rows of teeth similar to sharks. Although it changes from story to story, they also often had the tail of a dragon or a scorpion. Sometimes they could shoot poisonous spines from their tails. When early Greeks noticed that someone had gone missing, some said this as proof that manticores were real.

Typhon

Typhon (Greek Τυφῶν), also Typhoeus, Typhaon, and Typhos, was the final son of Gaia in Greek mythology. He attempted to destroy Zeus after Zeus imprisoned the Titans. Zeus won and sent Typhon to be trapped under Mount Etna. Typhon was the father of the Nemean lion, Cerberus, and the Gorgons. He was married to Echidna. Meanwhile, all of the Greek gods (except for Hermes and Zeus) had fled to Egypt. In Egypt, many of the gods made themselves turn into animals to hide from Typhon. They reproduced, and the Egyptian gods and goddesses were born.

Apperance

Typhon was a giant that was so tall that his head touched the stars. His torso was that of a man, but his legs were coils of vipers that would hiss and attack as he moved. His main head had on it 100 snakeheads who would make different sounds of animals. His eyes were glowing red and would terrify everyone who looked upon them, and he had what was called a savage jaw which would breathe fire. His body had hundreds of different wings on it and his hands were made up of 100 snake coils just like his legs.

<nowiki>Typhon: https://greekgodsandgoddesses.net</nowiki><nowiki></nowiki> - Greek Gods & Goddesses, February 7, 2017

Varanidae

Varanidae is the family of monitor lizards. The family is a group of carnivorous lizards. It includes the largest living lizard, the Komodo dragon, and the crocodile monitor. Varanidae contains the living genus "Varanus" and some extinct groups. Their closest living relatives are the anguid and helodermatid lizards.

Electromagnetic Pulse

An Electromagnetic Pulse, or EMP, is a burst of electromagnetic radiation (light, magnetism, electricity), and is caused by a huge release of energy. A "common" cause for an electromagnetic pulse is a nuclear explosion. A scientist named Enrique Fermi predicted that electromagnetic pulses would result from a nuclear weapon being launched. An EMP can damage electronic recording equipment and shut off digital clocks, regardless of their electronic shielding.



Honey (disambiguation)

Honey is a sweet, edible fluid produced by bees.

There are two movies with this name in English



Huntingdon College

Huntingdon College, founded in 1854, is a liberal arts college in Montgomery, Alabama, United States. It is known for its business and science programs. The college has recently made a football team and marching band.

Huntingdon College was first started on February 2, 1854, as "Tuskegee Female College". A decision was made in the late 19th century to move the campus to a larger city. The college, renamed the "Woman's College of Alabama" moved in 1910 to a 58 acre section of Montgomery. Several new buildings were built for the "Gothic" style of the main college building, Flowers Memorial Hall.

The college admitted its first male student in 1934 and changed its name the next year to Huntingdon College in honor of Selina, Countess of Huntingdon, a person who supported Methodism

Huntingdon is ranked a fourth school by "U.S. News and World Report". Huntingdon College is also ranked by the "Princeton Review" as one of the best liberal arts colleges in the Southeast.



Ballistics

Ballistics the study of the motion of projectiles (flying objects), mainly about bullets which are fired from guns or cannon, but also about the motion of spacecrafts, motion of balls in ball games, etc. The motion of projectiles can be expressed by trajectories, which are the paths which a projectile takes. This science shows us the path and behavior of projectiles. Gun ballistics may be divided into the following four categories.


Southern Gothic

Southern Gothic is a kind of gothic fiction, different from American literature, that usually takes place in American South. It can be ironic and unique. It is used in writing for subjects such as social issues and the culture of the American South.

Maserati

Maserati is an Italian luxury car making company. It began working with the company known as Ferrari, but recently changed to a group that includes Alfa Romeo. The Maserati brothers were named Alfieri, Bindo, Carlo, Ettore, and Ernesto. Alfieri initially raced with cars from a company called Diatto, but in 1926 when they stopped being produced, Alfieri and his brothers created a company called Maserati. One of the first cars that they made (driven by Alfieri) won the 1926 Targa Florio. Alfieri died in 1932, but the three other brothers continued making the cars. Their trident logo was probably created by an artist named Mario. 1914

Maserati also ran a Formula One racing team between 1950 and 1957, employing numerous drivers, including the five-time drivers' champion Juan Manuel Fangio.


Bernard Montgomery

Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, KG, GCB, DSO, PC (; 17 November 1887 – 24 March 1976) was a British Army officer.

Usually called "Monty", he fought in World War I. In World War II he successfully commanded Allied forces at the Battle of El Alamein, a major turning point in the North African Campaign

He was later an important commander in Italy and in North-West Europe. He was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord until after the Battle of Normandy, and was the principal commander for Operation Market Garden. After the War he became Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces of Occupation in Germany and then Chief of the Imperial General Staff.

Montgomery was born in Kennington, London, in 1887. He was the fourth child of nine. His parents were The Reverend Henry Hutchinson Montgomery, an Anglo-Irish Anglican priest, and Maud Montgomery (née Farrar). Henry Montgomery was the second son of the noted British Indian Empire official, Sir Robert Montgomery, who died a month after Bernard's birth. Bernard's mother Maud was the daughter of the well-known preacher Frederic William Farrar, and was eighteen years younger than her husband. The loveless environment made Bernard something of a bully, as he himself later recalled "I was a dreadful little boy. I don't suppose anybody would put up with my sort of behaviour these days."
Later in life Montgomery refused to allow his son David to have anything to do with his grandmother and he refused to attend her funeral in 1949.

The family returned home once for the Lambeth Conference in 1897, and Bernard and his brother Harold were educated for a term at The King's School, Canterbury. In 1901, Bishop Montgomery became secretary of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and the family returned to London. Montgomery went to St Paul's School and then the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst from which he was almost expelled for setting fire to a fellow cadet during a fight with pokers. On graduation he joined the 1st Battalion, The Royal Warwickshire Regiment in September 1908 as a second lieutenant, first seeing service in India until 1913. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1910.

The First World War began in August 1914 and Montgomery moved to France with his regiment that month. Half his battalion was destroyed during the retreat from Mons. At Méteren, on 13 October 1914, during an Allied counter-offensive, he was shot through the right lung by a sniper and was so badly injured that a grave was dug because he was expected to die.

A Platoon sergeant came to assist him but was killed. He fell on Montgomery. The German sniper fired at him until sunset. The body of the sergeant protected Montgomery and took most of the enemy fire. Montgomery was hit once more though, in the knee. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for gallant leadership. The citation for this award, published in the "London Gazette" in December 1914 reads: 

In early 1915, he was appointed to be brigade major training Kitchener's New Army and returned to the Western Front in early 1916 as an operations staff officer during the battles of the Somme, Arras, and Passchendaele. During this time he came under IX Corps, part of General Sir Herbert Plumer's Second Army. Because the infantry, artillery and engineers were trained together, rehearsed together, and worked together they were able to do what they were asked efficiently and without unnecessary casualties.

Montgomery served at the battles of the Lys and Chemin-des-Dames before finishing the war as General Staff Officer 1 and effectively chief of staff of the 47th (2nd London) Division, with the temporary rank of lieutenant-colonel. A photograph from October 1918 shows the then unknown Lt.-Col. Montgomery standing in front of Winston Churchill (Minister of Munitions) at the victory parade at Lille.

Britain declared war on Germany on 3 September 1939. The 3rd Division was sent to Belgium as part of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF). Montgomery predicted a disaster similar to that in 1914, and so spent the Phoney War training his troops to retreat safely rather than offensive operations. During this time, Montgomery faced serious trouble from his superiors for his attitude regarding the sexual health of his soldiers. However, he was defended from dismissal by his superior Alan Brooke, commander of II Corps. Montgomery's training paid off when the Germans began their invasion of the Low Countries on 10 May 1940 and the 3rd Division advanced to the River Dijle and then withdrew to Dunkirk with great professionalism, returning to Britain intact with minimal casualties. During Operation Dynamo — the evacuation of 330,000 BEF and French troops to Britain — Montgomery had assumed command of the II Corps after Brooke had taken acting command of the whole BEF.

On his return Montgomery annoyed the War Office by criticising the way the BEF was run and he was put in charge of a smaller group of soldiers. He was however made a Companion of the Order of the Bath. In July 1940, he was appointed acting lieutenant-general, placed in command of V Corps, responsible for the defence of Hampshire and Dorset, and started a long-running feud with the new commander-in-chief, Southern Command, Claude Auchinleck. In April 1941, he became commander of XII Corps responsible for the defence of Kent. During this period he instituted a regime of continuous training and insisted on high levels of physical fitness for both officers and other ranks. He was ruthless in sacking officers he considered would be unfit for command in action. In December 1941 Montgomery was given command of South-Eastern Command overseeing the defence of Kent, Sussex and Surrey. He renamed his command the South-Eastern Army to promote offensive spirit. During this time he further developed and rehearsed his ideas and trained his soldiers, culminating in Exercise Tiger in May 1942, a combined forces exercise involving 100,000 troops.

In 1942, a new field commander was needed in the Middle East. Auchinleck was acting as both the commander-in-chief Middle East Command and commander Eighth Army. He had fixed the Allied position at the First Battle of El Alamein, but after a visit in August 1942, the Prime Minister, Winston Churchill, replaced him as C-in-C with Alexander and William Gott as commander of the Eighth Army in the Western Desert. After Gott was killed flying back to Cairo Churchill was persuaded by Brooke, who by this time was Chief of the Imperial General Staff to appoint Montgomery, who had only just been nominated to replace Alexander as commander of the British ground forces for Operation Torch.

Montgomery was very popular with the men of the Eighth Army, and when he took command Army's fighting spirit and abilities got better. Taking command on 13 August 1942, he immediately became a whirlwind of activity. He ordered the creation of the X Corps, which contained all armoured divisions to fight alongside his XXX Corps which was all infantry divisions. This was in no way similar to a German Panzer Corps. One of Rommel's Panzer Corps combined infantry, armour and artillery units under one division commander. The only common commander for Montgomery's all infantry and all armour corps was the Eighth Army Commander himself. Correlli Barnett said that Montgomery's solution "...was in every way opposite to Auchinleck's and in every way wrong, for it carried the existing dangerous separatism still further." Montgomery spent two months making the long front line at El Alamein stronger. He asked Alexander to send him two new British divisions (51st Highland and 44th) that were then arriving in Egypt and were scheduled to be deployed in defence of the Nile Delta. He moved his field HQ to Burg al Arab, close to the Air Force command post in order better to coordinate combined operations. Montgomery wanted the Army, Navy and Air Force to fight together from the same detailed plan. He ordered immediate reinforcement of the vital heights of Alam Halfa, just behind his own lines, expecting the German commander, Erwin Rommel, to attack with there, something that Rommel soon did. Montgomery ordered all plans for retreat be destroyed. "I have cancelled the plan for withdrawal", he told his officers at the first meeting he held with them in the desert. "If we are attacked, then there will be no retreat. If we cannot stay here alive, then we will stay here dead."

Montgomery made a great effort to appear before troops as often as possible, frequently visiting various units and making himself known to the men, often arranging for cigarettes to be distributed. Although he still wore a standard British officer's cap on arrival in the desert, he briefly wore an Australian broad-brimmed hat before switching to wearing the black beret (with the badge of the Royal Tank Regiment next to the British General Officer's badge) for which he became notable. The black beret had been given to him by a soldier when he climbing into a tank to get a closer look at the front lines. Both Brooke and Alexander were astonished by the change in atmosphere when they visited on 19 August, less than a week after Montgomery had taken command.

Rommel attempted to turn the left side of the Eighth Army at the Battle of Alam Halfa from 31 August 1942. The German/Italian armoured Corps infantry attack was stopped in very heavy fighting. Rommel's forces had to withdraw quickly so that they could escape though the British minefields be cut off. Montgomery was criticised for not counter-attacking the retreating forces immediately, but he felt strongly that his build-up of British forces was not yet ready. A hasty counter-attack risked ruining his strategy for an offensive on his own terms in late October, planning for which had begun soon after he took command. He was confirmed in the permanent rank of lieutenant-general in mid October.

The conquest of Libya was essential for airfields to support Malta and to threaten the rear of Axis forces opposing Operation Torch. Montgomery prepared meticulously for the new offensive after convincing Churchill that the time was not being wasted. (Churchill sent a telegram to Alexander on 23 September 1942 which began, "We are in your hands and of course a victorious battle makes amends for much delay.) He was determined not to fight until he thought there had been enough preparation for a victory, and put into action his beliefs with the gathering of resources, detailed planning, the training of troops — especially in clearing minefields and fighting at night — and in the use of 252 of the latest American-built Sherman tanks, 90 M7 Priest self-propelled howitzers, and making a personal visit to every unit involved in the offensive. By the time the offensive was ready in late October, Eighth Army had 231,000 men on its ration strength including British, Australian, South African, Indian, New Zealand, Greek and Free French units.

The Second Battle of El Alamein began on 23 October 1942, and ended twelve days later with the first large-scale, decisive Allied land victory of the war. Montgomery correctly predicted both the length of the battle and the number of casualties (13,500). However, soon after British armoured units and infantry broke through the German and Italian lines and were pursuing the enemy forces at speed along the coast road, a violent rainstorm burst over the region, bogging down the tanks and support trucks in the desert mud. Montgomery, standing before his officers at headquarters and close to tears, announced that he was forced to call off the pursuit. Corelli Barnett has pointed out that the rain also fell on the Germans, and that the weather is therefore an inadequate explanation for the failure to exploit the breakthrough, but nevertheless the Battle of El Alamein had been a great success. Over 30,000 prisoners were taken including the German second in command, General von Thoma, as well as eight other general officers. Rommel, having been in a hospital in Germany at the start of the battle, was forced to return on 25 October 1942 after General Stumme - his replacement as German commander - died of a heart attack in the early hours of the battle.

Montgomery was knighted and promoted to full general. The Eighth Army's later advance as the Germans retreated hundreds of miles towards their bases in Tunisia used the logistical as well as the firepower advantages of the British Army while avoiding unnecessary risks. It also gave the Allies an indication that the tide of war had genuinely turned in North Africa . Montgomery kept the initiative, applying superior strength when it suited him, forcing Rommel out of each successive defensive position. On 6 March 1943, Rommel's attack on the over-extended Eighth Army at Medenine (Operation Capri) with the largest concentration of German armour in North Africa was successfully repulsed. At the Mareth Line, 20 March to 27 March, when Montgomery encountered stronger opposition than he had expected, he switched to trying to move around the side of the Germans, backed by low-flying RAF fighter-bomber support.

This campaign demonstrated the battle-winning ingredients of morale (sickness and absenteeism were virtually eliminated in the Eighth Army), co-operation of all arms including the air forces, first-class logistical back-up and clear-cut orders. For his role in North Africa he was awarded the Legion of Merit by the United States government in the rank of Chief Commander.

The next major Allied attack was the Allied invasion of Sicily (Operation Husky). Montgomery considered the initial plans for the Allied invasion, which had been agreed in principle by Eisenhower and Alexander, to be unworkable because of the way troops and effort were separated. He managed to have the plans changed to concentrate the Allied forces, having Patton's Seventh US Army land in the Gulf of Gela (on the left side of Eighth Army, which landed around Syracuse in the south-east of Sicily) rather than near Palermo in the west and north of Sicily. Inter-Allied tensions grew as the American commanders Patton and Bradley (then commanding II US Corps under Patton), got annoyed because they saw Montgomery as boastful. They resented him, while accepting his skills as a general.

During the autumn of 1943, Montgomery continued to command the Eighth Army during the landings on the mainland of Italy itself. In conjunction with the Anglo-American landings at Salerno (near Naples) by Mark Clark's Fifth Army and seaborne landings by British paratroops in the heel of Italy (including the key port of Taranto, where they disembarked without resistance directly into the port), Montgomery led the Eighth Army up the toe of Italy. Some criticism was made of the slowness of Montgomery's advance. The Eighth Army, responsible for the eastern side of the Allied front, from the central Apennine mountain spine to the Adriatic coast, fought a succession of engagements alternating between opposed crossings of the rivers running across their line of advance and attacks against the cleverly constructed defensive positions the Germans had fashioned on the ridges in between. The Eighth Army crossed the Sangro river in mid-November and penetrated the German's strongest position at the Gustav Line but as the winter weather deteriorated the advance ground to a halt as transport bogged down and air support operations became impossible. Montgomery hated the lack of coordination, the dispersion of effort, and the strategic muddle and opportunism he perceived in the Allied effort in Italy and was glad to leave the "dog's breakfast" on 23 December

Montgomery returned to Britain to take command of the 21st Army Group which consisted of all Allied ground forces that would take part in Operation Overlord, the invasion of Normandy. Preliminary planning for the invasion had been taking place for two years, most recently by COSSAC staff (Chief of Staff to the Supreme Allied Commander).

Montgomery's initial plan was, most likely, for an immediate breakout toward Caen. He did not have enough men at first, so started a series of battle in which the British, Canadian and American armies trapped and defeated the German forces in Normandy in the Falaise pocket. By the middle of July the Cotentin Peninsula was occupied and Caen captured.

The increasing number of American troops in the European theatre (from five out of ten divisions at D-Day to 72 out of 85 in 1945) made it a political impossibility for the Ground Forces Commander to be British. After the end of the Normandy campaign, General Eisenhower himself took over Ground Forces Command while continuing as Supreme Commander, with Montgomery continuing to command the 21st Army Group, now consisting mainly of British and Canadian units. Montgomery bitterly resented this change, although it had been agreed before the D-Day invasion. Winston Churchill had Montgomery promoted to Field Marshal by way of compensation.

Montgomery was able to persuade Eisenhower to adopt his strategy of a single thrust to the Ruhr with Operation Market Garden in September 1944. It was uncharacteristic of Montgomery's battles: the offensive was strategically bold, but poorly planned. Montgomery either did not receive or ignored ULTRA intelligence which warned of the presence of German armoured units near the site of the attack. As a result, the operation failed with the destruction of the British 1st Airborne Division at the Battle of Arnhem and the loss of any hopes of invading Germany by the end of 1944.

Montgomery's preoccupation with the push to the Ruhr had also distracted him from the essential task of clearing the Scheldt during the capture of Antwerp; and so, after Arnhem, Montgomery's group was instructed to concentrate on doing this so that the port of Antwerp could be opened.

When the surprise attack on the Ardennes took place on 16 December 1944, starting the Battle of the Bulge, the front of the U.S. 12th Army Group was split, with the bulk of the U.S. First Army being on the northern shoulder of the German 'bulge'. The Army Group commander, General Omar Bradley, was located south of the penetration at Luxembourg and command of the U.S. First Army became problematic. Montgomery was the nearest commander on the ground and on 20 December, Eisenhower (who was in Versailles) transferred Courtney Hodges' U.S. First Army and William Simpson's U.S. Ninth Army to his 21st Army Group, despite Bradley's vehement objections on national grounds. Montgomery grasped the situation quickly, visiting all divisional, corps, and army field commanders himself and instituting his 'Phantom' network of liaison officers. He grouped the British XXX Corps as a strategic reserve behind the Meuse and reorganised the US defence of the northern shoulder, shortening and strengthening the line and ordering the evacuation of St Vith. The German commander of the 5th Panzer Army, Hasso von Manteuffel said:

Eisenhower had then wanted Montgomery to go on the offensive on 1 January to meet Patton's army that had started advancing from the south on 19 December and in doing so, trap the Germans. However, Montgomery refused to commit infantry he considered underprepared into a snowstorm and for a strategically unimportant piece of land. He did not launch the attack until 3 January, by which point the German forces had been able to escape. A large part of American military opinion thought that he should not have held back, though it was characteristic of him to use drawn-out preparations for his attack. After the battle the U.S. First Army was restored to the 12th Army Group; the U.S. Ninth Army remained under 21st Army Group until it crossed the Rhine.

Montgomery's 21st Army Group advanced to the Rhine with operations Veritable and Grenade in February 1945. A carefully-planned Rhine crossing occurred on 24 March. While successful it was weeks after the Americans had unexpectedly captured the Ludendorff Bridge at Remagen and crossed the river. Montgomery's river crossing was followed by the encirclement of the German Army Group B in the Ruhr. Initially Montgomery's role was to guard the flank of the American advance. This was altered, however, to forestall any chance of a Red Army advance into Denmark, and the 21st Army Group occupied Hamburg and Rostock and sealed off the Danish peninsula.

On 4 May 1945, on Lüneburg Heath, Montgomery accepted the surrender of German forces in northern Germany, Denmark and the Netherlands. This was done plainly in a tent without any ceremony. In the same year he was awarded the Order of the Elephant, the highest order in Denmark.

After the war Montgomery became the C-in-C of the British Forces of Occupation and the British member of the Allied Control Council. He was made 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein in 1946. He was Chief of the Imperial General Staff from 1946 until 1948, succeeding Alanbrooke, but was largely a failure as it required strategic and political skills he did not have. He rarely spoke with his fellow commanders-in-chiefs, and sent his deputy to their meetings. He clashed particularly with Arthur Tedder, who as Deputy Supreme Commander had wanted Montgomery sacked during the Battle of Normandy, and who was by now Chief of the Air Staff. When Montgomery's term of office expired, Prime Minister Clement Attlee appointed General (later Field-Marshal) William Slim as his successor; when Montgomery protested that he had already promised the job to his protegé General Crocker, a former corps commander from the 1944-5 campaign, Attlee is said to have given the memorable retort "Untell him".

Montgomery then became Chairman of the Western European Union's commanders-in-chief committee. Volume 3 of Nigel Hamilton's "Life of Montgomery of Alamein" gives a good account of the bickering between Montgomery and his land forces chief, a French general, which created splits through the Union headquarters. He was thus pleased to become Eisenhower's deputy in creating the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's European forces in 1951. He was an effective inspector-general and mounted good exercises, but out of his depth politically, and his exacting manner and emphasis on efficiency created ill-feeling. He continued to serve under Eisenhower's successors, Matthew Ridgway and Al Gruenther, until his retirement, aged nearly 71, in 1958. His mother died in 1949; Montgomery did not attend the funeral, claiming he was "too busy". He was chairman of the governing body of St John's School, Leatherhead, Surrey from 1951 to 1966 and a generous supporter. Montgomery was an Honorary Member of the Winkle Club, a noted charity in Hastings, East Sussex, and introduced Winston Churchill to the club in 1955.

In 1953, the Hamilton Board of Education in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, wrote to Montgomery and asked permission to name a new school in the city's east end after him. Viscount Montgomery Elementary was billed as "the most modern school in North America" and the largest single-storey school in Hamilton, when the sod was turned on 14 March 1951. The school officially opened on 18 April 1953, with Montgomery in attendance among almost 10,000 well-wishers. At the opening, he gave the motto "Gardez Bien" from his own family's coat of arms.

Montgomery referred to the school as his "beloved school" and visited on five separate occasions, the last being in 1960. On his last visit, he said to "his" students:
Before retirement, Montgomery's outspoken views on some subjects, such as race, were often officially suppressed. After retirement these outspoken views became public and his reputation suffered. He supported apartheid and Chinese communism under Mao Zedong, and spoke against the legalisation of homosexuality in the United Kingdom, arguing that the "Sexual Offences Act 1967" was a "charter for buggery" and that "this sort of thing may be tolerated by the French, but we're British — thank God." However, several of Montgomery's biographers, including Chalfont (who found something "disturbingly equivocal" in "his relations with boys and young men" ) and Nigel Hamilton (2002) have suggested that he may himself have been a repressed homosexual; in the late 1940s he conducted an affectionate friendship with a 12-year-old Swiss boy.

Montgomery's memoirs (1958) criticised many of his wartime comrades in harsh terms, including Eisenhower, whom he accused, among other things, of prolonging the war by a year through poor leadership — allegations which ended their friendship, not least as Eisenhower was still US President at the time. He was stripped of his honorary citizenship of Montgomery, Alabama, and was challenged to a duel by an Italian officer. He was threatened with legal action by Field-Marshal Auchinleck for suggesting that Auchinleck had intended to retreat from the Alamein position if attacked again, and had to give a radio broadcast (20 November 1958) expressing his gratitude to Auchinleck for having stabilised the front at the First Battle of Alamein. The 1960 edition of his memoirs contains a publisher's note (opposite page 15) drawing attention to that broadcast, and stating that in the publisher's view the reader might assume from Montgomery's text that Auchinleck had been planning to retreat and pointing out that this was in fact not the case. 

Montgomery was never raised to an earldom like other wartime commanders Harold Alexander, Louis Mountbatten and even Archibald Wavell, but unlike them he had never been a Theatre Supreme Commander or held high political office. An official task he insisted on performing in his later years was bearing the Sword of State during the State Opening of Parliament. His increasing frailty, however, raised concerns about his ability to stand for long periods while carrying the heavy weapon. Ultimately, those fears were borne out when he collapsed in mid-ceremony in 1968 and did not perform this function again.

Millennials

Millennials (also known as Generation Y) are typically defined as the generation of people born from 1981 to 1996. Many other sources related to Millennials, however, say the years between which these people were born were 1980 to 1995. The United States Library of Congress, the U.S. Census, and the federal government of Canada (Statistics Canada) have officially cited the 1981-1996 birth range for Millennials as of 2022. These federal agencies state that 1996 is the last birth year of the Millennials. 
A few researchers and demographers have 2001 as late as the ending birth year. 

People in this generation are sometimes called Echo Boomers because of the high birth rate during this period. The high birth rate almost exceeds that of the Baby Boom period after World War II. Some of the famous celebrities who are from Generation Y include Harry Styles, Katy Perry, Britney Spears, Natasha Bedingfield, Beyoncé, Demi Lovato, Joshua Wong, Beverley Mitchell, Selena Gomez, Lady Gaga, Kate Bosworth, Justin Bieber, Caroline Sunshine, Mandy Moore, Tom Holland, Drake, Taylor Swift, Sophie Turner, Miley Cyrus, Mara Wilson, Anna Chlumsky, Colbie Caillat, Zendaya, Post Malone, Dua Lipa, Ariana Grande, Macaulay Culkin, Chelsea Clinton and Avril Lavigne.

Aeolus

Aeolus or Eolus was the king of winds in Greek mythology. Although he varied from story to story, he was sometimes said to have had all the winds in a bag. In the Odyssey, he gave that bag to Odysseus to help him get home. Aeolus was the son of Hellen and a nymph named Orseis. Aeolus' brothers were Dorus, Xuthus and Amphictyon.

Nemean lion

The Nemean lion ( ""; Latin: "Leo Nemaeus") was a vicious monster in Greek mythology that lived at Nemea. It was eventually killed by Heracles. It could not be killed with mortal weapons because its golden fur was impervious to attack. Its claws were sharper than mortal swords and could cut through any armor.

Hornblende

Hornblende is a complex series of silicate minerals.

Hornblende is not a recognized mineral in its own right, but the name is used as a general or field term, to refer to a dark amphibole.

It is an isomorphous mixture of three molecules; a calcium-iron-magnesium silicate, an aluminium-iron-magnesium silicate, and an iron-magnesium silicate.

Hornblende has a hardness of 5–6, a specific gravity of 2.9–3.4 and is typically an opaque green, greenish-brown, brown or black color. It is most often confused with the minerals augite and biotite mica, both of which are black and can be found in granite.

Hornblende is a common constituent of many igneous and metamorphic rocks such as granite, diorite, gabbro, basalt, andesite, gneiss, and schist. It is the principal mineral of amphibolites.

Very dark brown to black hornblendes that contain titanium may be called basaltic hornblende, from the fact that they are usually a constituent of basalt and related rocks.

The word hornblende is derived from the German "horn" and "blenden", to 'blind' or 'dazzle'. The term "blende" is often used to refer to a brilliant non-metallic luster, for example, zincblende and pitchblende, the ore of uranium.



Echidna (mythology)

Echidna (Greek: from “Snake”) is a monster of Greek mythology, half woman, half serpent. Her parents were either the sea deities Phorcys and Ceto (according to Hesiod’s Theogony) or Tartarus and Gaia (in the account of the mythographer Apollodorus); in Hesiod, Tartarus and Gaia are the parents of Echidna’s husband, Typhon. Among Echidna’s progeny by the 100-headed Typhon, were (the dragon who protected the Golden Apples of the Hesperides), another dragon who protected the Golden Fleece, the Hydra, the goatlike Chimera, and the infernal hounds and Cerberus. The Sphinx and the Nemean lion, both sired by Orthus, were also among her offspring.

Ultrarelativistic limit

Particles which go near the speed of light are called ultrarelativistic.

The ultrarelativistic limit is the maximum velocity that a particle can move at. Albert Einstein found the equation for energy: E=mc². This means that energy is equal to a certain amount of mass. However, this is a simplified version of his equation. The longer version of his equation is E=mc+pc. (Mathematically, if you ignore the pc and take the square root of the equation, you get E=mc). pc refers to the velocity of a particle multiplied by a very large number. 

Einstein then went on to show that a particle can never achieve the speed of light, because you get a divide by zero error from the equation for kinetic energy, formula_1.
Look at the denominator (bottom) of the equation, formula_2. "v" refers to the velocity of the particle. If its velocity reaches the speed of light (which is "c" in this equation), formula_3 will equal one, and since that would leave one minus one in the denominator, there would be a divide by zero error.

Particles which go below the speed of light (all particles which have mass) are called tardyons. Theoretical particles which go above the speed of light are called tachyons.

Atmospheric circulation

Atmospheric circulation is a large-scale movement of masses of air. The origin of these processes is the sun's radiation. The sun waves radiate the short-wave radiation. The earth absorbs only a part of this energy. The other part is radiated back to the atmosphere and to the universe. The back radiation is long-waved. The thermal energy is distributed thanks to the circulation of the air on the surface of the earth.

The demonstration of circulation varies from year to year, but the basic climatologic structure is almost constant. We recognize 3 cells: the Hadley cell, the Ferrel cell and the Polar cell. The movement of air masses is influenced by coriolis force. It means that the air diverts to the west.

The earth and ocean are intensively radiated in the equatorial areas. The hot and usually moist air rises. It is called convection. This process creates a low pressure area along the equator. The area is also called the Intertropical Convergence Zone. The hot air goes to both south and north and gets colder. When the air is cold enough, it goes down to the surface again. This creates deserts and semi-deserts of the subtropics. Reaching latitude 30 degrees, the masses of air return to the rainy equator.

The air on 60 degrees of latitude is colder and drier than the air on the equator. On the other hand, the rising movements are still possible. The character of processes is similar to the Hadley cell. The warmer air goes up, and falls down on the poles. This air comes back to the equator. 

The movements between 30 and 60 degrees are more complex. Temperature is not the main reason of this circulation. The air in this temperate zone cell moves according to the differences between moving masses in Hadley and Polar cells. Prevailing winds are generally westerly.

The existence of the Ferrel cell is disputed in https://www.mdpi.com/2073-4433/12/11/1439 and https://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/cjg2.686#:~:text=The%20Ferrel%20cell%20is%20a,components%20of%20large%2D%20scale%20airflows.


Pat Roberts

Charles Patrick "Pat" Roberts (born April 20, 1936 in Topeka, Kansas) is a former senator from Kansas. Before Roberts was a senator, he was a U.S. House of Representatives member and the chairman for the United States House Committee on Agriculture.

On January 4, 2019, Roberts announced that he will not seek reelection in 2020.

Firestar's Quest

Firestar's Quest is a teen fantasy novel in the "Warriors" series by Erin Hunter. It focuses on a cat named Firestar, the leader of a group of cats called ThunderClan, as he goes on a quest to rebuild a lost Clan called SkyClan. He is joined by his mate, Sandstorm.

The story begins in a forest, but after the main character goes on a journey, he ends up at a gorge.

Firestar's dreams are disturbed by wailing cats and feelings of fear and sadness. He finds out that the wailing cats are SkyClan cats, a lost Clan that was chased from the forest many years ago. The Clan has been forgotten by everyone else, because it has been such a long time since it was destroyed. Firestar realizes that he must go on a quest to rebuild this Clan, and he takes his mate, Sandstorm with him.

Along the way, Firestar and Sandstorm are hit by a storm, and Sandstorm is washed away in a flood. Firestar is set behind schedule because he chooses to look for her instead of continue his journey. One he finds her, they begin their quest again, and eventually find the place where they knew they needed to go: a gorge. There, they seek out the last living descendant of SkyClan, and talk to him. His name is Sky. He tells them to look for more cats who may be descended from SkyClan, or who may be interested in joining the Clan. Those who do join are given warrior names and are taught about the way of the Clans. 

More and more cats join, and eventually, the newly rebuilt SkyClan, along with Firestar and Sandstorm, fight a gigantic swarm of rats. It is revealed that the rats are what killed off SkyClan after it left the forest many years ago. They defeat the rats, and their mission is completed. Firestar and Sandstorm leave SkyClan, knowing that its new leader, Leafstar, will lead it well.

The book ends with an epilogue that shows Firestar and Sandstorm a few months later with their two new kits, Squirrelkit and Leafkit. Leafkit is named after Leafstar.

Monitor lizard

Monitor lizards, the genus Varanus, are also known as biawak or goannas. They are members of the family Varanidae. Their closest living relatives are the anguid and "Heloderma" lizards.

"Varanus" is a genus of largely carnivorous lizards. There are about 60 species in 10 subgenera. The species cover a vast area, occurring through Africa, the Indian Subcontinent, to China, down Southeast Asia to Brunei, Indonesia, the Philippines, New Guinea, Australia and islands of the Indian Ocean, and the South China Sea. A large concentration of monitor lizards occurs on Tioman Island in the Malaysian state of Pahang. Some are now found in South Florida, particularly in the Everglades.

Monitor lizards have long necks, powerful tails and claws, and well-developed limbs. The species include the largest living lizard, the Komodo dragon, and the crocodile monitor. 

Most species are terrestrial, but arboreal and semi-aquatic monitors are also known. International trade in five species is banned, and all the others are threatened species.

Subgenus "Empagusia":


Musado

The musado is a modern martial art which is divided into two branches: the traditional musado destined for civil persons and the Musado MCS ("Military Combat System") destined for the army and the police. The term "musado" (from Korean language) means "the way of warrior". Nevertheless, the musado is a German martial art, based on the Korean arts.

The international centre of the musado is in Dortmund.
The grand master of the musado is Herbert Grudzenski (1947-September 20, 2012) from Germany, the main instructors for the Czech Republic are Oldřich Šelenberk and Antonín Sokol.

The traditional musado derives from Korean traditional martial arts such as taekwondo, hapkido & Kuk Sool Won. Many of the techniques tailored more for European physical capabilities while maintaining the Korean martial arts mindset though Grudzenski himself was also a black belt in Judo & Jujitsu.

The beginning of the musado is dated as from 1968.

The traditional musado has 6 levels (1.-6. "kup") of student which are marked by colour (see the table). Differently from the majority of the martial arts the student does not have a belt since the beginning. Only to the term of the course which lasts 2–4 months there is capacity to pass examination for the white belt.
The belts go up until ninth "dan", "dan" is marked on the belt with Roman numeration written with golden letters. In the Czech Republic, the most graduated is Antonín Sokol (4. "dan").

The code of honour is a modern version of the code of ancient Korean units Hwarang.
After taking oath the student must adhere to these moral and ethical principles ("kyohun"; Korean terms):

The Musado MCS is a military system of personal defence and of body-to-body combat, designed especially for training of the army, of the police and of other forces of security.

The musado also is used in training of the special units, for example of the units of aerial war, of the brigades of rapid reaction and of the brigades of the UNO.

In the army of the Czech Republic this system was introduced in 1993.

Musado MCS does not have any rules precisely given. However, with its vast extension it provides more than 4000 techniques and skills which with good mastery enable the warrior to stop an attack.


Lancia Thema

The Lancia Thema is a car produced by Lancia. It replaced the Lancia Gamma in 1984, and were replaced by the Lancia Kappa in 1994.


Ruslan Fedotenko

Ruslan Viktorovych Fedotenko (born January 18, 1979) is Ukrainian professional ice hockey player. He has played in National Hockey League ice hockey left winger for the New York Rangers. Fedotenko has also played for the Philadelphia Flyers for two seasons, the Tampa Bay Lightning for four seasons, the New York Islanders for one season and the Pittsburgh Penguins for two seasons before being signed to a 1-year-deal worth $1 million after accepting a tryout with the New York Rangers.

Was recognized as the best hockey player in Ukraine in 2009.

He is a two-time Stanley Cup winner with the Tampa Bay Lightning (2004) and the Pittsburgh Penguins (2009).

In the 1995/96 season he played two matches for Sokol in the MHL and 33 for the Kyiv farm club SHVSM in the first VEHL championship. The next season he went to train in the junior team of the Finnish TPS.

From 1997 to 2000, he played for teams in the junior and lower American leagues.

On October 24, 2000 he made his debut for Philadelphia in the NHL. In the first game against the Rangers, he has made an assist.

He scored his first goal in the NHL against Dominik Hasek on November 4, 2000.

Traded to Tampa Bay on June 21, 2002 for the first round choice number four (Yoni Pitkanena).

2004 Stanley Cup winner with the Tampa Bay Lightning. Fedotenko scored 12 goals in 22 playoff matches with the Lightning, including a double in the seventh Stanley Cup final against the Calgary Flames (2-1), which brought Tampa the first Stanley Cup in team history.

In the summer of 2007, as a free agent, he signed a 1-year contract with the New York Islanders for $ 2.9 million. He started the championship very successfully playing in the first line, gaining 11 points in 12 matches, but in the next 18 matches, the hockey player scored only 4 points, as a result was transferred to the second link.

After the end of the 07/08 season, he moved to the Pittsburgh Penguins. The contract was calculated for 1 year in the amount of $ 2.5 million. With the team won the Stanley Cup in the season 08/09. After a successful season, the team signed a new contract until 2010.

In October 2010, as a free agent, he signed a 1-year contract with the New York Rangers. After the end of the 10/11 season, a new one-year contract for $ 1.4 million was signed.

Since July 2013 he has been playing for the Donbass hockey club (Donetsk) in the Kontinental Hockey League.

In the 2014-2015 season, he signed a trial contract with the NHL New Jersey Devils.

In January 2015, signed a viewing contract with the AHL Iowa Wild.

He played for the Ukrainian national team at the 2002 Olympic Games in Salt Lake City.

Stanley Cup Winner (2): 2004 and 2009

Recognized as the best hockey player in Ukraine 2009

Played at the 2002 Olympic Games in Salt Lake City as part of the Ukrainian national team.

Chris Oddleifson

Christopher Roy Oddleifson (born September 7, 1950 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He in the National Hockey League from 1972 until 1981. He is best known for his time with the Vancouver Canucks, where he was one of the team's top players for much of the 1970s and served as team captain in 1976–77.

Oddleifson was selected 10th overall in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft by the California Golden Seals following a final junior season with the Winnipeg Jets of the WCHL, during which he finished with 95 points (including a league-leading 64 assists) and 243 penalty minutes. However, he was assigned to the minor leagues and would never play an National Hockey League game for the Seals, and was dealt to the Boston Bruins mid-way through the 1971–72 season.

In 1972–73, Oddleifson finally made his NHL debut, appearing in 6 games for Boston without recording a point. He managed to crack the Bruins full-time in 1974–75, highlighted by a four-goal game against the Golden Seals, the team that had given up on him two years earlier. Late in the season, he was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks in a deal for sniper Bobby Schmautz, and he finished out his rookie season with decent totals of 13 goals and 29 points in 70 games between Boston and Vancouver.

Oddleifson would have his breakout year in 1974–75, as he emerged as a leader on a young Canuck team which surprised by winning their division and making the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. He proved himself to be an exceptional all-around player who possessed size, toughness, and playmaking ability, as well as the ability to play both at center and on the wing. He lead the Canucks in scoring through the early part of the season, until a fractured jaw forced him to miss 20 games. Nevertheless, he finished with career highs of 16 goals and 35 assists for 51 points in just 60 games.

In 1975–76, Oddleifson would have his finest NHL season, as he notched 16 goals and a club-leading 46 assists for a career high 62 points. Although his production waned somewhat in the next few seasons, he remained one of the team's top all-around forwards and most popular players. He was named team captain for 1976–77, although he was replaced by Don Lever the following year. In 1977–78, he recorded a career-high 17 goals for the club.

By the 1979–80 season, the emergence of young stars like Thomas Gradin, Stan Smyl and Curt Fraser, as well as the acquisition of several skilled veterans, had pushed Oddleifson into a mainly defensive role, and he finished the season with career lows of just 8 goals and 28 points. Early in the 1980–81 campaign, he was assigned to the Dallas Black Hawks, effectively ending his NHL career.

Oddleifson spent two more seasons playing in Switzerland before retiring in 1983. He finished his NHL career with totals 95 goals and 191 assists for 286 points in 524 games, along with 464 penalty minutes.

Following his career, Oddleifson returned to Vancouver and became a successful real estate agent. He remains active with the Canuck Oldtimers squad.



Alex Plante

Alexandre "Alex" Plante (born May 9, 1989) is a Canadian-South Korean professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Barons of the American Hockey League. He was selected by the Edmonton Oilers 15th overall in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft and made his National Hockey League (NHL) debut in 2009–10. He is the son of former professional defenceman Cam Plante, while his brother, Tyler, is a goaltender in the Florida Panthers organization.

Plante played junior hockey for the Calgary Hitmen of the Western Hockey League (WHL). The Hitmen selected him with their second round pick, 21st overall, in the 2004 WHL Bantam Draft. He established himself as a regular on Calgary's blue line in 2005–06, playing in 54 games. He appeared in 58 more in 2006–07 and attracted greater attention from NHL scouts in the 2007 playoffs, scoring 11 points in 13 games. As a result, the Edmonton Oilers selected him 15th overall in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, a higher position than he was initially expected to go. Several injuries limited Plante to 36 games in 2007–08 and he failed to report to Calgary's training camp prior to the 2008–09 WHL season, claiming that the team had treated him poorly the previous year. While he initially demanded a trade out of Calgary, Plante ultimately recanted and returned to the Hitmen early in the season. He rebounded from his "nightmare season" in 2007–08 to rank among the leaders of the Hitmen defence with 45 points in the regular season and another 15 in the playoffs before Calgary was upset in the league championship series by the Kelowna Rockets.

The Oilers signed Plante to a three-year contract following the season. He began his professional career in 2009–10 with Edmonton's top minor league affiliate, the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League (AHL). Several injuries on Edmonton's defence led the Oilers to recall Plante, and he made his NHL debut on February 1, 2010 against the Carolina Hurricanes and recorded an assist. He was returned to Springfield as injured players returned to the Oilers' lineup.


Phan Thanh Giản

Phan Thanh Giản or Phan Thanh Jan(潘淸簡, 1796 - 1867) was a Vietnamese politician, diplomat and historian. He was Vietnam's diplomat in France, the war.


Silversun Pickups

Silversun Pickups is an American indie band from Los Angeles, California. Silversun Pickups has four members in the band; the current band members are Brian Aubert, Nikki Monninger, Joe Lester, Christopher Guanlao.

The band was formed by four friends and was originally called, A Couple of Couples but was changed to Silversun Pickups because it was an off licence across from the Silverlake Lounge and near their house at Sunset and Silverlake Blvds in Los Angeles. The band currently has Brian Aubert on Vocals and guitar, Nikki Monninger on bass and vocals, Chris Guanlao on drums and Joe Lester on keyboards, samples and sound manipulation. 



So far as of 2011, Silversun Pickups has released 4 EPs and two albums.




Tube worm

A tube worm is a worm-like sessile invertebrate which anchors its tail to an underwater surface. It creates a mineral tube around its body, and can withdraw the body into it.

Tube worms are found in these groups:

Kraken

A kraken is an imaginary sea monster of huge size, said to have dwelt off the coasts of Norway, Greenland, and Iceland. The legend may actually have originated from sightings of real giant squid. They are estimated to grow to 13–15 m (40–50 ft) in length, including the tentacles.

The mysterious sea monster started to be talked about in literary works as far back as 1180, according to paleontologist Rodrigo Brincalepe Salvador.

Leviathan

Leviathan (, "twisted, coiled"), is a monster mentioned in the Bible. In Satanism Leviathan is believed to be one of the princes of Hell. The word has become synonymous with any large sea monster or creature. In classical literature (such as the novel "Moby-Dick") it refers to great whales, and in Modern Hebrew, it means simply "whale."

K-line

A k-line or kill line is an IRC term. When a user is k-lined, he or she is banned from a certain server, either for some time or forever. When the user is banned they are not allowed to join that server again and have to join another one to get back onto IRC. This is recorded as a line in the server's IRC file which has the letter "K" at the beginning. This is where "K-line" comes from.

Group 11 element

A Group 11 element is one in the series of elements in group 11 (IUPAC style) in the periodic table, consisting of transition metals which are the traditional coinage metals of copper (Cu), silver (Ag), and gold (Au). Roentgenium (Rg) belongs to this group of elements based on its electronic configuration, but it is a short-lived transactinide with a 22.8 seconds half-life that has only been observed in laboratory conditions. The name "coinage metals" is often used in casual speech to refer to these elements, but various cultures have used many other metals in coinage including aluminium, lead, nickel, stainless steel, and zinc.

All the elements of the group except Roentgenium have been known since prehistoric times, as all of them occur in metallic form in nature and no extraction metallurgy has to be used to produce them.

Like other groups, the members of this family show patterns in its electron configuration, especially the outermost shells resulting in trends in chemical behavior:

They are all relatively inert, corrosion-resistant metals. Copper and gold are colored.

These elements have low electrical resistivity so they are used for wiring. Copper is the cheapest and most widely used. Bond wires for integrated circuits are usually gold. Silver and silver plated copper wiring are found in some special applications.

These metals, especially silver, have unusual properties that make them essential for industrial applications outside of their monetary or decorative value. They are all excellent conductors of electricity. The most conductive of all metals are silver, copper and gold in that order. Silver is also the most thermally conductive element, and the most light reflecting element. Silver also has the unusual property that the tarnish that forms on silver is still highly electrically conductive. 

Copper is used extensively in electrical wiring and circuitry. Gold contacts are sometimes found in precision equipment for their ability to remain corrosion-free. Silver is used widely in mission-critical applications as electrical contacts, and is also used in photography (because silver nitrate reverts to metal on exposure to light), agriculture, medicine, audiophile and scientific applications.

Gold, silver, and copper are quite soft metals and so are easily damaged in daily use as coins. Precious metal may also be easily abraded and worn away through use. In their numismatic functions these metals must be alloyed with other metals to afford coins greater durability. The alloying with other metals makes the resulting coins harder, less likely to become deformed and more resistant to wear.

Gold coins: Gold coins are typically produced as 90% gold (e.g. with pre-1933 US coins), or 22 carat (92%) gold (e.g. current collectible coins and Krugerrands), with copper and silver making up the remaining weight in each case. Bullion gold coins are being produced with up to 99.999% gold (in the Canadian Gold Maple Leaf series).

Silver coins: Silver coins are typically produced as either 90% silver - in the case of pre 1965 US minted coins (which were circulated in many countries), or sterling silver (92.5%) coins for pre-1920 British Commonwealth and other silver coinage, with copper making up the remaining weight in each case.

Copper coins: Copper coins are often of quite high purity, around 97%, and are usually alloyed with small amounts of zinc and tin.

Inflation has caused the face value of coins to fall below the hard currency value of the historically used metals. This had led to most modern coins being made of base metals - copper nickel (around 80:20, silver in color) is popular as are nickel-brass (copper (75), nickel (5) and zinc (20), gold in color), manganese-brass (copper, zinc, manganese, and nickel), bronze, or simple plated steel.

Shadow cabinet

A shadow cabinet is a term which applies in some parliamentary democracies based on the UK parliamentary tradition. It is a group of politicians who hold a political position in their party, but whose party is not in government (that is, an opposition party). A member of the shadow cabinet is a shadow minister. The leader of a shadow cabinet is called the Leader of the Opposition. The term is of United Kingdom origin, and is used by some members of the Commonwealth. Some elements are found in other democratic systems of government.

Each minister of a Cabinet has a corresponding shadow minister. The shadow minister may provide alternative policies to the minister in the government. The two of them may debate on issues relating to their area of jurisdiction. For example, the British "Shadow Secretary of State for Health" often replies to the Secretary of State for Health.

The current UK Shadow Cabinet is made up of members of the Labour Party. The term refers only to the party in opposition which has the most seats of the opposition parties.

Smartphone

A smartphone is a mobile phone that can also be used as a computer. They work as a computer but are mobile devices small enough to fit in a user's hand. They use a System on a chip or Minimal instruction set computer so they can be small.

Uses include:

Another way to think of them is that they are PDAs that can make voice calls like any other mobile phone. Older phones also used computer technology, but lacked many of the parts of a computer that were too big to fit into a phone. Modern phone makers have been able to use smaller parts. Most smartphones are also GPS receivers and digital cameras.

Because smartphones are small computers, they run an operating system that is often common between devices to ensure compatibility. The majority of smartphones run on Apple iOS or Google Android but others use Windows Phone or BlackBerry OS. Most can do multitasking, running more than one program which helps the user do things quicker and easier. Users can get more programs, called mobile apps, from the manufacturer's app store, such as the Apple App Store and Google Play which can help them complete special tasks. 

Data communication has become faster. Smart phones can send and receive data much faster than older phones. The industry uses different standards to label the data transmission rates. 2G was introduced in 1991. 2G means "2nd Generation". 2G phones transmit data at about the same speed as a 56kbit/s (kilobits per second) dial-up modem would get.

3G was introduced in the early 2000s. Depending on where they are, 3G phones vary in speed between about 200kbit/s to 14Mbit/s (megabits per second). This is comparable to a DSL or low end cable modem speed. Most smart phones use 3G technology to make them fast enough to practically use internet and other data features. Faster 4G networks operate in many places, with speeds estimated as fast as 100Mbit/s to 1Gbit/s (gigabit per second). This is as fast as some computer networks that use ethernet. Many smart phones introduced after 2010 use 4G technology including LTE, as later, even faster version. 5G was introduced in a few places in 2019.

Smartphones are powered by batteries. The amount of energy they can store is reduced over time, and they become weaker. This causes the phone to become slower and later to turn itself off without the user asking for it. Some smartphones are designed so the user is able to take off the rear cover and replace the weakened battery. Most newer smartphones are not made like this.

Smartphones also works as a camera. They are usually not as capable as dedicated cameras. Some phones have sophisticated camera software allowing such features as independent setting of bitrate, framerate and resolution. Such controls have only been adapted starting in the mid-2010s. As of early 2021, mobile phone chipsets may be capable of 2160p 4K video capture at 120 frames per second.


Michelle Malkin

Michelle Malkin (born October 20, 1970) is a conservative blogger, political commentator and author. She runs a weekly syndicated column. Her weekly syndicated column is in a number of newspapers and websites. She is a Fox News Channel contributor and has been a guest on MSNBC, C-SPAN, and national radio programs. Malkin has written four books published by Regnery Publishing.

Dodge Ram Van

The Dodge B-Series, also marketed as the Dodge Ram Van, was a series line of passenger or cargo vans which began around 1971 and ended in 2003. These vans were full sized. They had the names of Sportsman for the passenger van. The cargo vans were named Dodge Tradesman. This was before 1979, beginning in which year these vehicles were renamed Dodge Ram Van. The vehicles were marketed under Dodge. The B-Series vans were discontinued in June of 2003 and replaced with the Dodge Sprinter, which is a rebadged version of the Mercedes-Benz Sprinter, which has been on sale since 2002, las the model line currently competes with the Chevrolet Van, Chevrolet Express, Ford Econoline, and GMC Savana.

Lincoln Town Car

The Lincoln Town Car was an American-made full size sedan. It was launched in 1980 as a 1981 model. However, the Town Car name was first used on the Lincoln Continental starting in 1959 and ending in 1979. For 1980, the Town Car name was used on a downsized version of the Continental before it was used on its own model. The first official generation of the Town Car was made from 1981 to 1989. For 1990, the second generation got a complete redesign and was facelifted for the 1995 model year. For 1998, the Town Car entered its third generation and got a rounder, more sleek design. For 2003, the Panther platform got new rack and pinion steering along with a slight redesign which lasted till its end in 2011. The Lincoln Town Car was distributed by The Ford Motor Company, Ford's Lincoln (automobile) division. This automobile was the most used limousine in the United States and in Canada. The automobiles are sometimes used as taxis. They were used as hearses as well. The Town Car was discontinued in 2011.

Seventh Son of a Seventh Son

Seventh Son of a Seventh Son is a studio album by Iron Maiden. It went on sale on 11 April 1988.

It is a concept album, and talks about the idea that a seventh son of a seventh son has special powers. The album was the most popular one in th eUnited Kingdom when it went on sale.

The album got good reviews. One person who reviewed it said that "ranks among [Iron Maiden's] best work."


Candida albicans

Candida albicans is a yeast which causes oral and genital infections in humans. The infection is candidiasis, better known as "thrush". It is treated with antimycotics (anti-fungal drugs).

"C. albicans" biofilms readily form on the surface of medical devices. Hospital-related infections in patients are a major health concern.

"C. albicans" is among the gut flora, the many organisms that live in the human mouth and gastrointestinal tract. Under normal circumstances, it lives in 80% of the human population with no harmful effects, although overgrowth results in candidiasis.

America's Got Talent

America's Got Talent (sometimes abbreviated as AGT) is an American reality television series on the NBC television network, and part of the global British ""Got Talent" series" franchise. It began in June 21, 2006. It features singers, dancers, magicians and other talents from America to compete for a contract and $1,000,000 and as a headliner on the Las Vegas Strip since season 3.

Artists compete for the judges votes. Before appearing, Applicants must audition to impress the crew who works on the show. This is how people get a chance to impress the judges. 

Note: Certain seasons may have different variations of rounds.

Once applicants have made the show, they go on stage with the judges. Before the act, they introduce themselves("Who are you and where are you from?") is a common line. They perform their act with added help from the crew that helps the contestants with playing music, and props. The coaches have a big red X button they can press if the act starts performing and they get bored, don't like the act, or think the act isn't "talent" material or just plain stupid. If an act receives all of the Judges X's, they must stop performing, however, some have ignored the unofficial rule. After the act is complete, the judges make comments make positive and/or negative about it. Each judge then votes. If an act received 3 Yes's(75%) or more, they move on to the next round of competition. If an act received 2 yes's(50%) or less, they are eliminated from the competition. X's do not determine a judge's yes or no decision. Even if an act received four X's, they can still go through if they can convince the judges to give them 3 yes's, they still go through.

The second round of the competition features the contestants performing an act again(usually better and bigger) than the last time. The Judges decide on a certain number of acts moving to the live shows. The contestants are usually split into a certain number of groups as well. The judges decide who moves on as a group, instead of individually. The judges can still X a performance, but all performances are eligible to move on when the judges X a performance, even with four X's.

Stained glass

Stained glass is glass coloured by adding metallic salts when it is made. The coloured glass is made into stained glass windows. Small pieces of glass are arranged to form patterns or pictures. The glass is held together by strips of lead and supported by a rigid frame.

Painted details and yellow stain are often used to improve the design. The term stained glass is also applied to windows in which the colours have been painted onto the glass and then fused to the glass in a kiln.

Stained glass is much used in Christian art but other themes are not rare. It is still popular today, and often called art glass. It is often used in luxury homes and commercial buildings.

Some colours are added to stained glass by the salts of:

Shutter Island (movie)

Shutter Island is a 2010 American psychological thriller movie directed by Martin Scorsese, with Leonardo DiCaprio, based on novel "Dennis Levane".

The movie cost about $80 million to make. Worldwide, it had a total gross profit of $294,803,014.

Chevrolet Caprice

Chevrolet Caprice and Caprice Classic are fully sized vehicles produced by General Motors. The vehicles were first produced around 1965. The cars were discontinued in the United States during 1996, though they returned for 2011. These cars are used as police vehicles or as taxis in many countries.

List of United States senators from Kansas

This is a list of United States senators from Kansas.

Euston Road

Euston Road is the main east/west road in the north central London.

A number of railway stations are on the Euston Road including Marylebone station, Baker Street tube station, Great Portland Street tube station, Euston railway station, Euston tube station, Euston Square tube station, King's Cross station, St Pancras station and King's Cross St Pancras tube station.

It is also the home of the British Library, the Friend's Meeting House (a place of worship for Quakers) and various buildings associated with University College London.

Euston Road is connected to Marylebone Road, Baker Street, Tottenham Court Road, Pentonville Road and many other roads.

Calvin cycle

The Calvin cycle (also known as the Benson-Calvin cycle) is the set of chemical reactions that take place in chloroplasts during photosynthesis. 

The cycle is light-independent because it takes place after the energy has been captured from sunlight. 

The Calvin cycle is named after Melvin Calvin, who won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry for finding it in 1961. Calvin and his colleagues, Andrew Benson and , did the work at the University of California, Berkeley.

Using the radioactive carbon-14 isotope as a tracer, Calvin, Andrew Benson and their team mapped the complete route that carbon travels through a plant during photosynthesis. They traced the carbon-14 from soaking up its atmospheric carbon dioxide to its conversion into carbohydrates and other organic compounds. The single-celled algae "Chlorella" was used to trace the carbon-14.

The Calvin group showed that sunlight acts on the chlorophyll in a plant to fuel the manufacture of organic compounds, not directly on carbon dioxide as previously believed.

The steps in the cycle are as follows:

1. Grab: A five-carbon carbon catcher called RuBP (Ribulose bisphosphate) catches one molecule of carbon dioxide and forms a six-carbon molecule.

2. Split: the enzyme RuBisCO (with the energy of ATP and NADPH molecules) breaks the six-carbon molecule into two equal parts.

3. Leave: A trio of carbons leave and become sugar. The other trio moves on to the next step.

4. Switch: Using ATP and NADPH, the three-carbon molecule is changed into a five-carbon molecule.

5. The cycle starts over again.

The carbohydrate products of the Calvin cycle are three-carbon sugar phosphate molecules, or 'glucose triose phosphates' (G3P). Each step of the cycle has its own enzyme which speeds up the reaction.

Political machine

A political machine (sometimes called just machine in politics) is a political organization in which a person or small group with authority that has enough votes or is popular enough to have control over political administration or any type of government in a city, county, or state. The term "political machine" has been used mostly since the 19th century in the United States, used to describe machines like Tamanny Hall who stayed in control mostly because of the large support from the immigrants in Manhattan during the 19th century.

Hall &amp; Oates

Hall & Oates is an American musical group. The members are Daryl Hall and John Oates. They came from Philadelphia. Their greatest fame was from the late 1970s to mid 1980s. During this time they had many hit songs. They faded from view in 1990, but the duo are still performing together.


Duke of Normandy

The title Duke of Normandy was given to the rulers of the duchy of Normandy. This fief was created in 911 by Charles the Simple King of France for Rollo, a leader of Northmen. In 1066 the seventh duke, William II, became King William I of England. The title of Duke of Normandy was held by the Kings of England until Henry III gave up the title by treaty in 1259. King John had lost mainland Normandy in 1204, and kept only the Channel Islands. Today the Channel Islands are a British Crown dependency.

In 1660 when King Charles II was restored to the throne, the King of France, Louis XIV, created Charles' brother James Duke of Normandy, probably as a show of support for monarchy and to stop Charles claiming the title himself.



Fernando Wood

Fernando Wood (14 June 1812 – 14 February, 1881) was an American politician of the Democratic Party from Pennsylvania. He served as the Mayor of New York City twice (1855 – 1857, 1860 – 1862), United States Representative three times (1841–1843, 1863–1865, and 1867–1881) and as Chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means in both the 45th and 46th United States Congress (1877–1881). He was head of the political machine Tammany Hall. In 1854 he was elected Mayor of New York City and took office in 1855. He ran again in 1856, but lost to Daniel F. Tiemann, who was mayor from 1857 to 1859. Wood was re-elected in 1860 and took office again that year, for the last time. After being a mayor, Wood returned to the United States Congress. He died at the age of 68.

Terry Branstad

Terry Edward Branstad (born November 17, 1946) is an American politician. He was the United States Ambassador to China from May 24, 2017 to October 4, 2020. He was the 42nd Governor of Iowa from in January 14, 2011 until his resignation on May 24, 2017. Branstad was the 39th governor of Iowa from 1983 to 1999 and President of Des Moines University from 2003 to 2009. He is a member of the Republican Party and is the longest-serving governor in Iowa or American history.

In 2010, he won a three-way primary election to run as the Republican candidate for governor. He ran against incumbent Governor Chet Culver, a Democrat, and four third party candidates in the November 2, 2010 general election. He won the general election in November, defeating Culver by 52.9% to 43.1%.

Branstad started the 2010 race with a lead in both the primary and general elections. He won the Republican primary with 50.4% of the vote, 9.5% ahead of the next candidate.

On December 14, 2015, Branstad became the longest serving governor in American history.

In December 2016, Branstad was nominated by President-elect of the United States Donald Trump to become the United States Ambassador to China. Branstad was confirmed by the Senate on May 22, 2017, and was succeeded as Governor of Iowa by Lieutenant Governor Kim Reynolds after he resigns to take up the ambassadorship. He resigned in October 2020.

Branstad's family were Norwegian-American Lutheran farmers who lived in Leland, Iowa. Branstad graduated from the University of Iowa and earned a Juris Doctor degree from Drake University Law School. He served in the United States Army from 1969 to 1971 and earned the Army Commendation Medal for meritorious service. In 1989, he was named an honorary member of Alpha Gamma Rho Fraternity at Iowa State University.

Branstad served three terms in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1973 to 1979 and served as the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1979 to 1983, when he was elected Governor of Iowa.

When he became governor at age 36, Branstad was the youngest governor in Iowa's history and when he left office, he was Iowa's longest-serving governor. He served as chair of the National Governors Association during 1989–1990, and was chair of the Midwestern Governors Association. In 1997, he chaired the Education Commission of the States, the Republican Governors Association, and the Governors' Ethanol Coalition. Honor doctor of University of Northern Iowa.

After Branstad's term as governor ended in 1999, he founded Branstad and Associates, LLC and was also a partner in the firm of Kaufman, Pattee, Branstad & Miller, and a financial advisor for Robert W. Baird and Co.

In August 2003, Branstad became the president of Des Moines University. On October 16, 2009, he said that he was leaving Des Moines University to run for governor again.

In 2001, Branstad was appointed by President George W. Bush to chair the President's Commission for Excellence in Special Education. This group's goal was to make a plan to improve the educational performance of students with disabilities. After finishing that work with the commission in 2003, he was asked to serve as a member of the National Advisory Council for Positive Action for Teen Health, or PATH. The Council's goal is to detect adolescent mental illness.

Branstad is or was on the boards of the Conmed Health Management Inc, American Future Fund, Iowa Health System, Liberty Bank, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and Living History Farms.

On August 2, 2009, the "Des Moines Register" reported that Branstad might run for the Republican nomination for governor. On October 7, 2009, Branstad filed papers to run for governor in the 2010 election. According to a poll taken in September 2009 by "The Des Moines Register", he had a 70% positive rating from Iowans compared to Governor Chet Culver's rating of 50%.

On June 8, 2010, Branstad won the Republican primary election in Iowa; on January 2, 2010, he won the general election.

On December 8, 2016, Branstad accepted President-elect Donald Trump's nomination of him for the post of United States Ambassador to China (PRC).

Branstad was confirmed by the United States Senate on a 83-12 vote on May 22, 2017, and was succeeded as Governor of Iowa by Lieutenant Governor Kim Reynolds once he resigned to take up the ambassadorship.

Branstad announced his resignation on September 15, 2020. He left the ambassadorship on October 4, 2020.




Ford Expedition

The Ford Expedition is a full sized SUV that can carry up to nine people. This SUV debuted around 1997 as a replacement for Ford Bronco. The vehicle is used by EMS, by law enforcement and by fire department agencies.

The First generation Expedition, also known as the UN93 was manufactured on July 22, 1996 in Wayne, Michigan and Revealed on October 2 ,1996. Its front end is identical to the 10th gen Ford F-150. It has 3 variants, XLT, Eddie Bauer, and SVT (Which was discontinued days later). The engines can be a 4.6, 5.4, and 5.6. 

The Second generation Expedition was manufactured on March 2002 under the U222 chassis code in Wayne, Michigan and revealed at the 2002 . 

Chironex fleckeri

Chironex fleckeri, commonly known as sea wasp, is a well-known, lethal, venomous species of Box jellyfish. It lives in coastal waters from northern Australia and New Guinea north to the Philippines and Vietnam. Humans can easily be killed by its sting. It is considered the most lethal jellyfish in the world because of the numerous incidents resulting in injury or death to humans.


2010–2011 Queensland floods

The 2010–11 Queensland floods were a series of floods in Australia which began in December 2010 and ended in January 2011. The majority of the floods were in Queensland including its capital city, Brisbane. The rain also caused floods further south in central and western Victoria. At least 90 towns flooded. A huge area of Queensland, the size of Texas and France combined, was flooded. The floods forced thousands of people to leave their homes. At least 70 towns and 200,000 people were affected in Queensland. Three-quarters of the state of Queensland has been declared a disaster zone. The 2010–2011 floods have killed 35 (not 30) people across Queensland since November and 14 are still missing. More than 20 people have died in flash floods between Brisbane and Toowoomba.

The floods were caused by heavy rain from tropical cyclone "Tasha" that joined with a trough during a La Niña event. La Niña is an unusual weather pattern, which brings wet weather to eastern Australia. The 2010 La Niña was the strongest since 1973. This caused heavy rainfall across Queensland. December 2010 was the wettest on record, with 107 places getting their highest rainfalls ever. The state average rainfall level of 404.7mm was much bigger than the old record of 369mm set in 1975. 2010 was also recorded as the state's wettest spring since 1900 and Australia's third wettest year. Flooding started across parts of the state in early December. On 28 December a monsoonal trough crossed the coast from the Coral Sea, bringing very heavy rain from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the Gold Coast.

About 300 roads were closed, including nine major highways. Many places, including Condamine and Chinchilla were flooded several times. Coal railway lines were closed and many mine sites flooded. The floods have caused fruit and vegetable prices to rise as crops have been destroyed. The wet conditions have also led to a large number of snakes seeking safety on the higher ground or in houses with people. Saltwater crocodiles and sharks were seen in some flooded areas of towns.

The flooding forced 8,000 people to leave Theodore, Queensland Theodore and other towns. The military transported people by helicopter to an evacuation centre at Moura, Queensland. The total evacuation of a Queensland town had never happened before.

Emerald, Queensland was cut-off by road on 29 December as the Nogoa River rose. The next day, the river level rose above the 2008 flood peak level of . At the peak of the flooding, 80% of the town was flooded, the worst the town ever experienced. 1,200 people from Emerald were listed as evacuees.

Rockhampton had nearly a week to get ready for the flood peak from the Fitzroy River, which flows through the centre of the city. The airport was closed on 1 January. A metal flood barrier was set up to protect the buildings. An evacuation centre was set up at the Central Queensland University. The Bruce Highway leading south out of Rockhampton was closed to traffic. The river reached just short the of the predicted maximum.

The Port of Gladstone cut back its coal exports because the coal piles at the port were too wet and further coal deliveries could not be made by rail. The Goonyella railway line which is used by a number of coal mines in the Bowen Basin was closed for one week and shipments of grain were also stopped.

The towns of Gayndah, Queensland and Mundubbera, Queensland when the Burnett River flooded on 28–29 December. The river peaked at at Mundubbera. This was the highest river height since 1942 and flooded more than 20 houses. Downstream at Gayndah, the river peaked at with floodwaters reaching two houses. Both towns were isolated for several days and there was major disruption to the drinking water supply and local agricultural production.

Bundaberg had its worst flooding in 40 years, after the Burnett River flooded the city. Floodwater forced 300 households to leave their homes .


Ford Flex

The Ford Flex is a full size crossover which was manufactured by Ford Motor Company. Its styling was based on the concept of the Ford Fairlane. The vehicle made its debut in 2007 at the New York International Auto Show. It replaced the Ford Freestar as well as its sibling, the Mercury Monterey and the Ford Taurus X and began sales in June 2008 as a 2009 model. It was facelifted for the 2013 model year and ended production in 2019.

Rod Blagojevich

Rod R. Blagojevich (born December 10, 1956) was 40th Governor of Illinois beginning January 13, 2003 and ending January 29, 2009. He succeeded George Ryan, who would also be arrested for non-related charges. Blagojevich was the first Governor of Illinois to be impeached while in office and the first Democratic politician in over 25 years to face such charges. In February 2020, President Donald Trump ended Blagojevich's prison sentence four years earlier.

Blagojevich was born in Chicago, Illinois, the second of four children. His father, Radislav, was an immigrant steel plant laborer from a village near Kragujevac, Serbia. Blagojevich graduated from Chicago's Foreman High School after transferring from Lane Technical High School. He began boxing at a young age.

During 2002, Blagojevich campaigned for his party's nomination to become governor. Blagojevich won a close primary campaign against former Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris and Chicago Public Schools Superintendent Paul Vallas, who ran well in the suburban collar counties of Chicago. Blagojevich finished strongly in Southern Illinois, winning 55% of the primary vote downstate, enough to win a primary victory by a thin margin.

In the general election, Blagojevich defeated Topinka and the Green Party's Rich Whitney, outspending Topinka $27 million to $6 million. He attempted to tie Topinka to former Republican governor George Ryan's corruption. Blagojevich won re-election.

He was arrested in December 2008 on federal corruption charges, including conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud. Blagojevich was later impeached during January 2009, convicted and removed from office on January 29, 2009. On December 7, 2011, Blagojevich was sentenced to 14 years in federal prison. He is held at Federal Correctional Institution, Englewood in Jefferson County, Colorado.

On May 31, 2018, President Donald Trump, soon after having pardoned commentator Dinesh D'Souza, told reporters that he was considering reducing Blagojevich's sentence (without pardoning him). Trump called Blagojevich's 14-year sentence "unfair", saying that Blagojevich's statements about enriching himself were "stupid", but also the sort of thing "that many other politicians say".

President Donald Trump commuted his sentence on February 18, 2020, ending his sentence four years early.

Blagojevich has been married to Patricia Mell Blagojevich. They have two children. His family owns a home in Ravenswood, Chicago, but live in Jefferson County, Colorado because of Blagojevich's prison stay.

The Prodigy

The Prodigy are an English electronic dance music group. It was by Liam Howlett in 1990 in Braintree, Essex. Along with Fatboy Slim, The Chemical Brothers and The Crystal Method, as well as other acts, members of the Prodigy have been said as founders of the big beat genre which achieved mainstream popularity in the 1990s and 2000s. They have sold over 25 million records worldwide. They named the band after the synthesizer, Moog Prodigy.


Daintree Rainforest

The Daintree Rainforest is a tropical rainforest in Queensland, Australia. At around 1200 square kilometres the Daintree is the largest continuous area of tropical rainforest on the Australian mainland. It is named after Richard Daintree, an Australian geologist and photographer.

The Daintree Rainforest is a main part of the Wet Tropics of Queensland, listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988. These are some of its ancient flora:
The Daintree Rainforest itself meets all four natural criteria on the "Criteria for Selection to be a World Heritage Site", though it is just part of the Wet Tropics site. The Wet Tropics are one of only twelve natural World Heritage Sites in the world which meet all four criteria. The Daintree area is next to another World Heritage site, the Great Barrier Reef. This makes it the only place in the world where two natural World Heritage Sites meet. 

The Daintree Rainforest contains 30% of the frog, marsupial and reptile species in Australia, and 65% of Australia's bat and butterfly species. 18% of bird species in the country can be found in this area. There are also over 12,000 species of insects. All of this diversity is contained within an area that takes up 0.2% of Australia.

The Daintree Rainforest is extremely ancient; it is thought to be over one hundred and thirty-five million years old. About 430 species of birds live among the trees. The primitive flowering plants "Austrobaileya scandens" and "Idiospermum australiense" are also endemic to the Daintree.

The forest is north of Mossman, Queensland, on the coast, north of Cairns in the tropical far north of Australia. Part of the forest is protected by the Daintree National Park and drained by the Daintree River.

The Daintree Rainforest is loosely defined as the area between the Mossman Gorge and the Bloomfield River. The roads north of the Daintree River wind through areas of lush forest, and have been designed to minimize damage to the forest.

The Daintree Region is home to a number of rare and endangered species, including the southern cassowary and Bennett's tree-kangaroo. It is listed as an important bird area, but might just as well be listed for its fungi, which are said to be astonishing. Animals include the saltwater crocodile and the musky rat-kangaroo.

The rainforest also holds many ancient plants which have survived from the southern supercontinent Gondwana.

Rotes Rathaus

The Red City Hall () is the town hall of Berlin, in the Mitte borough on Rathausstraße near Alexanderplatz. It is the home to the governing mayor and the government (the Senate of Berlin) of the Federal state of Berlin. The landmark building got its name from the red clinker bricks with which it is covered.

The Rathaus was built between 1861 and 1869 in the style of the north Italian High Renaissance by Hermann Friedrich Waesemann. It was modelled on the Old Town Hall of Toruń, now in Poland, while the architecture of the tower is reminiscent of the cathedral tower of Notre-Dame of Laon in France. It replaced several individual buildings dating from the Middle Ages and now fills an entire city block.

The building was heavily damaged by Allied bombing in World War II and rebuilt to the original plans between 1951 and 1956. The "Neues Stadthaus", which survived the bombing and had been the head office of the Berlin city fire insurance company in Parochialstraße was the temporary city hall for the post-war city government for all four sectors of Berlin until September 1948. Following that time, it housed only those of the Soviet sector. The reconstructed Rotes Rathaus, then in the Soviet sector, served as the town hall of East Berlin, while the Rathaus Schöneberg in Schöneberg borough was seat of the West Berlin Senate. After German reunification, the administration of reunified Berlin officially moved into the Rotes Rathaus on 1 October 1991.



List of mayors of Berlin

The following list of mayors of Berlin shows all the mayors () of Berlin, Germany since 1809:
"" (generally "Lord Mayor")

Mayors () of East Berlin, capital in the socialist state of German Democratic Republic.

The Mayor of Berlin ("Regierender Bürgermeister von Berlin") was democratically elected in January 1991.

Governing Mayors () of West Berlin (1949–90), and Berlin, capital of Germany since 1990.

Gondwana Rainforests

The Gondwana Rainforests of Australia, formerly the 'Central Eastern Rainforest Reserves', are the most extensive area of subtropical rainforest in the world. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The area includes 50 separate reserves covering . It is around the New South Wales–Queensland border.

The Gondwana Rainforests are so-called because the fossil record indicates that when Gondwana existed it was covered by rainforests containing the same kinds of species that are living today. The number of visitors to the reserve is about two million per year.

The Queensland areas include the Main Range, at its most northern point; and extending south, the Lamington, Mount Chinghee, Springbrook and Mount Barney national parks.

The New South Wales areas include the Barrington Tops, at its most southern point; and extending north, the Dorrigo, Mount Warning, New England, Mebbin, Nightcap, Border Ranges, Oxley Wild Rivers, Washpool, Willi Willi and Werrikimbe national parks.

The most heavily visited parts are Dorrigo National Park and the Natural Bridge section of Springbrook National Park.


Unter den Linden

Unter den Linden ("under the linden trees") is a boulevard in the Mitte district of Berlin, the capital of Germany. It is named for its linden (lime in British English) trees that line the grassed pedestrian mall in the middle of the road

Unter den Linden runs east–west from the site of the former Stadtschloss royal palace at the Lustgarten park, where the demolished Palast der Republik used to be, to Pariser Platz and Brandenburg Gate. Eastward the boulevard crosses the river Spree near the Dom (Berlin Cathedral) and continues as Karl-Liebknecht-Straße. The western continuation behind Brandenburg Gate is Straße des 17. Juni. Major north–south streets crossing Unter den Linden are Friedrichstraße and Wilhelmstrasse. 

Unter den Linden at the heart of the historic section of Berlin developed from a bridle path laid out by Elector John George of Brandenburg in the 16th century to reach his hunting grounds in the Tiergarten. It was replaced by a boulevard of linden trees planted in 1647, stretching from the city palace to the gates of the city, by order of the “Great Elector” Frederick William. While the western part of the boulevard retained its character, the area around present-day Bebelplatz was changed after the Thirty Years' War and fortified. There are no trees.

By the 19th century, as Berlin grew and expanded to the west, Unter den Linden became the best-known and grandest street in Berlin. In 1851 the famous equestrian (horse-riding) statue of King Frederick the Great, designed by Christian Daniel Rauch, was put up on the centre strip. In the course of the building of the Nord-Süd-Tunnel for the Berlin S-Bahn in 1934/35 most of the linden trees were cut down and during the last days of World War II the remaining trees were destroyed or cut down for firewood. The present-day linden were replanted in the 1950s, they are affected by air pollution as well as by soil contamination.

Since 1937, the numbering has started at the "Schlossbrücke" (Palace Bridge), connecting Unter den Linden with the Lustgarten and Museum Island. The disputed replica of the Alte Kommandantur is No. 1, vis-à-vis the Zeughaus arsenal, the oldest building on Unter den Linden, built between 1695 and 1706, today the seat of the "Deutsches Historisches Museum" (No. 2). Buildings along the street include (from east to west) the Kronprinzenpalais (former palace of the Hohenzollern crown princes, No. 3), the Neue Wache war memorial built in 1817 (No. 4), considered by many to be Karl Friedrich Schinkel’s masterpiece. Furthermore, on Bebelplatz the Berlin State Opera (No. 7), coloquially called "Lindenoper", St. Hedwig's Cathedral and the "Altes Palais" (No. 9), favoured residence of Emperor Wilhelm I; in the north the main building of the Humboldt University (No. 6) and House I of the Berlin State Library (No. 8). On the western end are the Russian Embassy (former Soviet Embassy, No. 63-65) the Hungarian Embassy (No. 76) at the corner of Wilhelmstrasse and finally the Hotel Adlon (No. 77) at the corner of Pariser Platz, which has been completely rebuilt on the site of the prewar hotel. Well-known statues of Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt in front of the university as well as of the Prussian generals Scharnhorst and Bülow also adorn the street.


Baja California

Baja California may refer to:

Yucatán

Yucatán may refer to:

Chihuahua

Chihuahua may refer to:


Chihuahua Municipality

Chihuahua is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is the state capital, the city of Chihuahua.

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 758,791, with 748,551 in the municipal seat. It covers an area of .


Chihuahua City

The city of Chihuahua is the state capital of the Mexican state of Chihuahua. It is also the seat of Chihuahua Municipality. It has a population of about 825,327. The predominant activity is industry, including domestic heavy, light industries, consumer goods production, and to a smaller extent "maquiladoras".

Bridle path

A bridle path is a pathway or trail between two places. It is designed for people riding horses, but can also be used by people walking. A footpath is a track between two places designed only for people walking.

Frederick II of Prussia

Frederick II (; 24 January 1712 – 17 August 1786) was a King in Prussia (1740–1786) from the Hohenzollern dynasty. As a prince-elector of the Holy Roman Empire, he was Frederick IV Margrave of Brandenburg. He was also the sovereign prince of the Principality of Neuchâtel. Victorious in war, he became known as Frederick the Great () and was nicknamed "der alte Fritz" ("Old Fritz").

When he was young, Frederick was mostly interested in music and philosophy and not military affairs. Frederick tried to escape from his strict father, Frederick William I, with childhood friend, Hans Hermann von Katte. When they were captured Frederick was forced to watch von Kattel's execution. Many historians consider him to be bisexual and perhaps possibly celibate in his later life. After the death of Frederick William I in 1740, Frederick the Great only attended his wife with formal visits once a year.

Shortly after becoming King in Prussia, he attacked Austria and claimed Silesia during the Silesian Wars. Near the end of his life, Frederick united most of his separated parts of his kingdom through the First Partition of Poland.

For years Frederick exchanged letters with Voltaire. He modernized the Prussian bureaucracy and civil service and promoted religious tolerance. Frederick patronized the arts and philosophers, and wrote flute music. Frederick is buried at his favorite residence, Sanssouci in Potsdam. Because he died childless, Frederick was succeeded by his nephew, Frederick William II of Prussia, son of his brother, Prince Augustus William of Prussia.

In 1732, Queen Sophia Dorothea tried to arrange a dual marriage of Frederick and his sister Wilhelmina with Amelia and Frederick, the children of her brother, King George II of Great Britain. Fearing an alliance between Prussia and Great Britain, Field Marshal von Seckendorff, the Austrian ambassador in Berlin, bribed Field Marshal von Grumbkow, the Prussian Minister of War, and Benjamin Reichenbach, Prussian ambassador in London. They pair discreetly slandered the British and Prussian courts in the eyes of the two kings. Angered by the idea of the marriage Frederick William made impossible demands to the British, such as Prussia acquiring Jülich and Berg, leading to the collapse of the marriage proposal.

After von Kattel died Frederick was granted a royal pardon and released from his cell on 18 November, but he was not given back his military rank. Instead of returning to Berlin, however, he was forced to stay in Küstrin and began learning statecraft and administration for the War and Estates Departments on 20 November. Tensions eased slightly when Frederick William visited Küstrin a year later, and Frederick was allowed to visit Berlin on the occasion of his sister Wilhelmina's marriage to Margrave Frederick of Bayreuth on 20 November 1731. The crown prince returned to Berlin after finally being released from Küstrin on 26 February 1732.

Frederick William considered marrying Frederick to Elisabeth of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the niece of Empress Anna of Russia, but this plan was opposed by Prince Eugene of Savoy. Frederick himself proposed marrying Maria Theresa of Austria in return for renouncing the succession. Instead, Eugene persuaded Frederick William, through Seckendorff, that the crown prince marry Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Bevern, a Protestant relative of the Austrian Habsburgs. Although Frederick wrote to his sister that, "There can be neither love nor friendship between us," and he considered suicide, he went along with the wedding on 12 June 1733. He had little in common with his bride and resented the political marriage as an example of the Austrian interference which had plagued Prussia since 1701. Once Frederick secured the throne in 1740, he would not let Elisabeth visit his court in Potsdam, and instead gave her Schönhausen Palace and apartments at the Berliner Stadtschloss. Frederick bestowed the title of the heir to the throne, "Prince of Prussia", on his brother Augustus William; despite this, his wife remained devoted to him.

Frederick was given back a rank in the Prussian Army as Colonel of the Regiment von der Goltz, stationed near Nauen and Neuruppin. When Prussia gave troops to help Austria during the War of the Polish Succession, Frederick studied under Prince Eugene of Savoy during the campaign against France on the Rhine. Frederick William, weakened by gout brought about by the campaign, gave Frederick Schloss Rheinsberg in Rheinsberg, north of Neuruppin. In Rheinsberg, Frederick assembled a small number of musicians, actors and other artists. He spent his time reading, watching dramatic plays, making and listening to music, and regarded this time as one of the happiest of his life. Frederick formed the "Bayard Order" to discuss warfare with his friends; Heinrich August de la Motte Fouqué was made the grand master of the gatherings.

The works of Niccolò Machiavelli, such as "The Prince", were considered a guideline for the behaviour of a king in Frederick's age. In 1739, Frederick finished his "Anti-Machiavel", which put another point of view. It was published anonymously in 1740, but Voltaire distributed it in Amsterdam.

Frederick's years dedicated to the arts instead of politics ended upon the 1740 death of Frederick William and his inheritance of the Kingdom of Prussia.

When Frederick ascended the throne as "King in Prussia" in 1740, Prussia consisted of scattered territories, including Cleves, Mark, and Ravensberg in the west of the Holy Roman Empire; Brandenburg, Hither Pomerania, and Farther Pomerania in the east of the Empire; and the former Duchy of Prussia, outside of the Empire bordering the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. He was titled "King in Prussia" because this was only part of historic Prussia; he was to declare himself "King of Prussia" after acquiring most of the rest in 1772.

Frederick's goal was to modernize and unite his vulnerably disconnected lands; toward this end, he fought wars mainly against Austria, whose Habsburg dynasty reigned as Holy Roman Emperors, almost continuously from the 15th century until 1806. Frederick established Prussia as the fifth and smallest European great power by using the resources his frugal father had cultivated.

The First Silesian War (1740–1742), part of the War of the Austrian Succession (1740–1748), resulted in Frederick conquering the Polish part of Silesia. Austria attempted to recover Silesia in the Second Silesian War (1744–1745), but Frederick was victorious again and forced Austria to stick to the previous peace terms. Prussian possession of Silesia gave the kingdom control over the Oder River.
Habsburg Austria and Bourbon France, traditional enemies, allied together in the Diplomatic Revolution of 1756 following the collapse of the Anglo-Austrian Alliance. Frederick swiftly made an alliance with Great Britain at the Convention of Westminster. As neighboring countries began conspiring against him, Frederick was determined to strike first. On 29 August 1756 his well-prepared army crossed the frontier and invaded Saxony, thus beginning the Seven Years' War which lasted until 1763. He faced widespread criticism for his attack on neutral Saxony and for his forcible incorporation of the Saxon forces into the Prussian army following the Siege of Pirna in October 1756.

Facing a coalition which included Austria, France, Russia, Saxony, and Sweden, and having only Great Britain and Hanover as his allies, Frederick narrowly kept Prussia in the war despite having his territories frequently invaded.

The sudden death of Empress Elizabeth of Russia put her pro-Prussian nephew Peter III in power. This led to the collapse of the anti-Prussian coalition. Although Frederick did not gain any territory in the ensuing Treaty of Hubertusburg, he was able to keep Silesia. Prussia became popular in many German-speaking territories.

Late in his life Frederick also involved Prussia in the smaller War of the Bavarian Succession in 1778, in which he stopped Austrian attempts to exchange the Austrian Netherlands for Bavaria. When Emperor Joseph II| tried the scheme again in 1784, Frederick created the "Fürstenbund", making Germans see him as a defender of German liberties, in contrast to his earlier role of attacking the imperial Habsburgs.

Frederick frequently led his military forces personally and had six horses shot from under him during battle. Frederick is often admired as one of the greatest tactical geniuses of all time, especially for his usage of the oblique order of battle. Even more important were his operational successes, especially preventing the unification of numerically superior opposing armies and being at the right place at the right time to keep enemy armies out of Prussian core territory. In a letter to his mother Maria Theresa, the Austrian co-ruler Emperor Joseph II wrote,

Frederick transformed Prussia from a European backwater into an economically strong and politically reformed state. His conquest of Silesia, which provided Prussia's new industries with raw materials, helped boost industrial production and development, and he protected these industries with high tariffs and a minimum of restrictions on internal domestic trade. The modernizing mechanisms and technology of the state also enabled Frederick, in 1747, to undertake a massive six-year drainage and "reclamation" program in the country's northern marsh-land. This rationalist-mided program, which Frederick saw as the "taming" and "conquering" of "useless" and "barbarous" nature, created roughly 150,000 acres of arable farmland, but also eliminated vast swaths of natural habitat, destroyed the region's biodiversity, and displaced numerous indigenous communities. With the help of French experts, Frederick also reorganized Prussia's taxation policy, implementing a system of indirect taxation, which was more lucrative than the previous policy of direct taxation. Frederick also commissioned the eminent Prussian merchant Johann Ernst Gotzkowsky to help promote trade. Gotzkowsky directed Frederick to reform the Prussian system of toll levies and import restrictions, and to construct a major a silk factory in an effort to compete with the French silk trade. In 1763, when Gotzkowsky went bankrupt during an Amsterdam-based financial crisis, Frederick took over a porcelain factory of his.

Frederick also presided over national currency reform during his reign. The effects of the Seven Years' War and the acquisition of Silesia had transformed the economy, depreciating the national currency and leading to high nation-wide inflation. The Prussian Mint Edict of May 1763 revalued the national currency, stabilizing the rates of highly depreciated coinage and mandating that the payments of taxes be in currency of prewar value. Other European rulers soon undertook similar monetary reforms, which helped to lower region-wide prices.

Frederick also presided over other important modernization efforts in Prussia, including the establishment of a modern governmental bureaucracy, the cultivation of one of Europe's most highly-regarded educational systems, and the abolition torture and corporal punishment.

After the acquisition of Royal Prussia (West Prussia) in 1772, Frederick also changed his title from the "King "in" Prussia," which had been the royal title used since the coronation of Frederick I, to the "King "of" Prussia," underscoring the increasing prominence of his state and his own importance as a ruler.

Frederick was generally a champion of religious tolerance, including accepting Jesuits, fleeing the suppression of Pope Clement XIV, as teachers in Silesia, Warmia, and the Netze District. He was interested in attracting many skills to his country, whether from Jesuit teachers, Huguenot citizens, or Jewish merchants and bankers, particularly from Spain. He wanted development throughout the country. As an example of this practical-minded but not fully unprejudiced tolerance, Frederick wrote in his "Testament politique" that:

Jews on the Polish border were therefore encouraged to perform all the trade they could and received all the protection and support from the king as any other Prussian citizen. The success in integrating the Jews into those areas of society that Frederick encouraged them in can be seen by the role played by Gerson von Bleichröder in financing Bismarck's efforts to reunite Germany.

As under Frederick much wasteland was made arable Prussia was looking for new colonists. Frederick repeatedly emphasized that nationality and religion were of no concern to him.

Frederick had famous buildings constructed in his capital, Berlin, most of which still exist today, such as the Berlin State Opera, the Royal Library (today the State Library Berlin), St. Hedwig's Cathedral, and Prince Henry's Palace (now the site of Humboldt University). However, the king preferred spending his time in his summer residence Potsdam, where he built the palace of Sanssouci, the most important work of Northern German rococo. Sanssouci, which translates from French as "carefree" or "without worry", was a refuge for Frederick. "Frederician Rococo" developed under Georg Wenzeslaus von Knobelsdorff.

Near the end of his life Frederick spent more and more time alone. His circle of friends at Sanssouci gradually died off without replacements, and Frederick became increasingly critical and arbitrary, to the frustration of the civil service and officer corps. The people of Berlin always cheered the king when he returned to the city from provincial tours or military reviews, but Frederick took no pleasure from his popularity with the common folk, preferring instead the company of his pet Italian greyhounds, whom he referred to as his 'marquises de Pompadour' as a jibe at Madame de Pompadour. Frederick died in an armchair in his study in the palace of Sanssouci on 17 August 1786.

Frederick had wished to be buried next to his greyhounds on the vineyard terrace on the side of the corps de logis of Sanssouci. His nephew and successor Frederick William II instead ordered the body be entombed next to his father in the church of the Potsdam garrison. Near the end of World War II, Adolf Hitler ordered the coffins of Frederick and Frederick William I, as well as those of Paul von Hindenburg and his wife, transferred first to an underground bunker near Berlin, then hidden in a salt mine close to the town of Bernrode, Germany, to protect them from destruction. The US Army discovered the four coffins on 27 April 1945, behind a 6-foot-thick (1.8 m) masonry wall deep within the mine, and moved them to the basement of Marburg Castle, a collection point for recovered Nazi "treasure". As part of a secret project dubbed "Operation Bodysnatch", the US Army relocated both kings first to the Elisabeth Church of Marburg and then on to Burg Hohenzollern close to the town of Hechingen. After German reunification, the body of Frederick William was entombed in the Kaiser Friedrich Mausoleum in Sanssouci's Church of Peace.

On the 205th anniversary of his death, on 17 August 1991, Frederick's casket lay in state in the court of honor of Sanssouci, covered by a Prussian flag and escorted by a Bundeswehr guard of honour. After nightfall, Frederick's body was finally laid to rest on the terrace of the vineyard of Sanssouci, according to his last will without pomp and at night ("... Im übrigen will ich, was meine Person anbetrifft, in Sanssouci beigesetzt werden, ohne Prunk, ohne Pomp und bei Nacht..." (1757)).


King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is named after the King of Prussia Inn, itself named in honor of Frederick.

Prussia Street in Dublin, Ireland, is named after Frederick the Great.

"The Great King" () is a 1942 German drama movie directed by Veit Harlan and starring Otto Gebühr. It depicts the life of Frederick the Great. It received the rare "movie of the Nation" distinction. Otto Gebühr also played the King in many other movies.


In the 2004 German movie "Der Untergang", Adolf Hitler is shown sitting in a dark room forlornly gazing at a painting of Frederick, possibly a reference to the dictator's fading hopes for another Miracle of the House of Brandenburg.

In the 1970 movie "Patton", General Patton incorrectly cites Frederick the Great as saying, "L'audace, l'audace, toujours l'audace!" ("Audacity, audacity — always audacity!")

Although Frederick is never seen on screen, he is mentioned several times in Stanley Kubrick's 1975 movie "Barry Lyndon". In the movie, he is referred to as "The great and illustrious Frederick" and his army is both praised and criticized. For example, a quote from the film: "During the five years which the war had now lasted, the great and illustrious Frederick had so exhausted the males of his kingdom that he had to employ scores of recruiters who hesitated no crime, including kidnapping, to keep supplied those brilliant regiments of his with food for powder."




Gabrielle Giffords

Gabrielle Giffords is an American politician. She was born on June 8, 1970. She is a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives. She was badly injured January 8, 2011, during a shooting in Tucson, Arizona after being shot in the head at very close range, but survived. She was holding a meeting around the parking lot of a supermarket when the shooting happened.

Since 2007, she has been married to astronaut and United States Senator Mark Kelly.
Dem. Gabrielle Giffords was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Arizona's 8th district from January 1, 2001 - January 25, 2012. She made a living translating English medical terms into Spanish for the use in the ER to Pediatrics. In Tuscan, Arizona on January 8, 2011 at a Wal-Mart shopping plaza she was holding a meeting for herself and the public to share concerns about the current and future state of Arizona along with its role at the White House with newly elected President Barak Obama. At that time she was unaware of that day and what it would mean to her colleagues and constituents, as well as, other American citizens around the country. She made multiple appearances during her recovery on the floor of Congress during important laws trying to be passed to the Senate and President for approval. Dem. Giffords continuing resiliency to remember that 'change' is an important part of democracy to continue to stay relevant in a world connected with each other hand in hand in the blink of an eye across the globe. When someone's character or beliefs come into question by another person or imitator online, persons should be made aware of their surroundings and be able to feel safe in public.

King in Prussia

King in Prussia was the title used by the rulers of Prussia from 1702 to 1772.

The rulers, who were also Princes and Margraves of Brandenberg wanted to be Kings, but knew that the Holy Roman Emperor would not allow them the title. 

In return for support in the War of the Spanish Succession Emperor Leopold I allowed Frederick to call himself King in Prussia. The Duchy of Prussia was outside the Empire, and he was only regarded as King outside the Empire.

In 1772 Frederick II annexed most of Poland and decided to call himself King of Prussia. The Holy Roman Emperor was not as strong as they had been, and in 1806 the Empire ceased to exist.

Tabasco pepper

The tabasco pepper is a variety of chili pepper species "Capsicum frutescens". It is best known through its use in Tabasco sauce, followed by "peppered vinegar". 

Tabasco sauce

Tabasco sauce is the brand name for a hot sauce produced by US-based McIlhenny Company of Avery Island, Louisiana. Tabasco sauce is made from tabasco peppers ("Capsicum frutescens" var. "tabasco"), vinegar, and salt, and aged in white oak barrels for three years. It has a hot, spicy flavor.

Tabasco

Tabasco may refer to:

Kansas–Nebraska Act

The Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854 made the territories of Kansas and Nebraska, allowing the states to vote on whether slavery was legal or not. This law canceled the Missouri Compromise, which declared that slavery was not legal in those areas. It was passed on May 30, 1854. The Kansas-Nebraska Act angered many in the North who considered the Missouri Compromise to be a long-standing agreement. In the pro-slavery South, it was strongly supported. 

After the Kansas-Nebraska Act was passed, pro-slavery and anti-slavery supporters rushed in to settle Kansas to affect the outcome of the first election held after the new law went into effect. Pro-slavery settlers carried the election but anti-slavery settlers claimed the results were fraudulent, and did not accept defeat. The resulting fighting in Kansas gave it the nickname "Bleeding Kansas". 


List of monarchs of Prussia

King of Prussia was the title Frederick the Great started using in 1772 after he got part of the Kingdom of Poland.

Before this he had called himself King in Prussia.

The rulers of Berlin kept using the title after they also became German Emperors, up until Kaiser Wilhelm II abdicated (resigned) in 1918.


Guerrero

Guerrero may refer to:

Guerrero Municipality, Chihuahua

Guerrero is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Vicente Guerrero (aka Ciudad Guerrero). The municipality covers an area of 5,603.6 km².

Guerrero Municipality, Coahuila

Guerrero is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Guerrero. The municipality covers an area of 3,219.7 km² and is located on the international border between Mexico and the USA, here formed by the Río Bravo del Norte (Rio Grande), adjacent to the U.S. state of Texas.

Guerrero Municipality, Tamaulipas

Guerrero is a municipality in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas.


2006–07 Chicago Blackhawks season

The 2006–07 Chicago Blackhawks season was the Hawks' 81st season.
"Final regular season standings for the 2006–07 NHL season."


Chicago's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia.


Goaltenders:

Defensemen
•
•
•
•

Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Kathie Lee Gifford

Kathie Lee Gifford (born August 16, 1953) is an American talk show host, singer and actress. She is best known for hosting "Live with Regis and Kathie Lee" from 1985-2000 with Regis Philbin. She later co-hosted the fourth hour of NBC's "Today" show. She has received 11 Daytime Emmy nominations. She won her first Daytime Emmy in 2010 as part of the cast in "The Today Show".

Before she hosted talk shows, Gifford's first television appearance was Tom Kennedy's singer/sidekick on "Name That Tune", from 1974 to 1978. 

She has also appeared in television advertisements for Carnival Cruise Lines since 1984.

Kathie Lee Gifford was born in Paris, France. Her birth name is Kathryn Lee Epstein. She is the daughter of Joan (née Cuttell; January 20, 1930 – September 12, 2017), a singer, and Aaron Epstein (March 19, 1924 – November 19, 2002), a musician and former U.S. Navy officer. Aaron Epstein was stationed with his family in France when Gifford was born. Gifford grew up in Bowie, Maryland, and attended Bowie High School. When she was in high school, Gifford was a singer in a folk group, "Pennsylvania Next Right," which performed frequently at school assemblies. As a senior in high school she dated and went to the prom with Michael Bray. After her graduation in high school, Gifford attended Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In Oral Roberts University she studied drama and music.

Gifford's paternal grandfather was of Russian Jewish descent and her paternal grandmother was of Native American ancestry. Her mother was a relative of Rudyard Kipling. She was of French Canadian, English and German descent and was raised in a snake handler family. After seeing the Billy Graham produced film, "The Restless Ones" at age 12, Gifford became a born-again Christian. She told Larry King, "I was raised with many Jewish traditions and raised to be very grateful for my Jewish heritage." Her brother, Rev. David Paul Epstein, is an evangelical Baptist preacher and pastor of Calvary Baptist Church in New York City.

Gifford represented Maryland in America's Junior Miss Pageant in 1970.

During one summer in the early 1970s, she was a live-in secretary/babysitter for Anita Bryant at her home in Miami. Gifford's career took off in the 1970s (during her first marriage to Christian composer, arranger, producer and publisher Paul Johnson) as a vocalist on the game show "Name That Tune" with Tom Kennedy (she performed the "sing a tune" segment as Kathie Lee Johnson). In 1978, she joined the cast of the short-lived "Hee Haw" spinoff, "Hee Haw Honeys".

After she was divorced from Johnson in 1983, Gifford met sports commentator Frank Gifford (born August 16, 1930) during an episode of ABC's "Good Morning America"; they both married in 1986. By that time she was several months into her most famous television role, as a full-time morning talk show personality. On June 24, 1985, she replaced Ann Abernathy as co-host of "The Morning Show" on WABC-TV with Regis Philbin. The program went into national broadcast in 1988 as "Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee", and Gifford became well-known across the country. In the 1990s, millions of morning-TV viewers watched her descriptions of life at home with her husband and their two children. She appeared as a spokesperson for Slim Fast diet shakes after her son, Cody, was born. She also was a celebrity of Carnival Cruises in the late 1980s and early 1990s, singing "If my friends could see me now!" Gifford left Live with Regis and Kathie Lee on 2000 after 15 years to focus on spending time with family and continue her singing career.
In 1996 the National Labor Committee, a human rights group, reported that sweatshop labor was being used to make clothes for the Kathie Lee line, sold at Walmart. The group reported that a worker in Honduras smuggled a piece of clothing out of the factory, which had a Kathie Lee label on it. One of the workers, Wendy Diaz, came to the United States to testify about the conditions under which she worked. Diaz commented, "I wish I could talk to [Kathie Lee]. If she's good, she will help us."

Labor activist, Charles Kernaghan, spoke on media. He accused Gifford of being responsible for the sweatshop management activity. Gifford addressed Kernaghan's allegations on the air during "Live", explaining that she was not involved with hands-on project management in factories. 

Gifford later contacted Federal authorities to investigate the issue and worked with U.S. Federal legislative and executive branch agencies to support and enact laws to protect children against sweat shop conditions. She met with President Bill Clinton at the White House in order to support of the government's initiatives to counter international sweatshop abuses.

On March 31, 2008, NBC announced that Gifford was to join its morning show, "Today", as co-host of the fourth hour, alongside Hoda Kotb. This marked her return to morning television; in many markets, she now airs directly after her old show, now called "Live! with Kelly and Michael". Because the fourth hour of "Today" airs live at 10:00am ET, and "Live! with Kelly and Michael" airs live at 9:00am ET, Gifford's hour does not compete directly with her former show in most markets. Kotb and Gifford replaced Ann Curry and Natalie Morales. 

She started hosting "Today" on April 7, 2008 with Hoda Kotb.

Prince-elector

Prince-electors () were the group of rulers of German countries which elected the Holy Roman Emperor. In English they were usually called "Electors" and included the Elector of Brandenburg, who also began ruling as King of Prussia, and the Electors of Hanover, who were also kings of Great Britain after 1714.

Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg

In 1692 the Duke of Hanover was made an Elector of the Holy Roman Emperor. After then the Dukes were usually called Electors of Hanover, .

Queen Anne of England and Great Britain had no children, Sophia-Dorothea was chosen as her protestant heir. When Anne died in 1714, Sophia Dorothea's son the Elector of Hanover became King George I of Great Britain. 

Mantis shrimp

Mantis shrimps are crustacean stomatopods. 

They are not actually shrimps, but members of the order Stomatopoda. There are about 400 species.

They are predators which kill their prey by hitting them at high speed. 

They hold their body in a manner like that of a praying mantis, and have large, complex eyes. Some species can be 30 cm long. 

They are highly coloured, and live in shallow tropical and subtropical habitats such as coral reefs.

Each species has one of these two methods of attack

Both types strike by rapidly unfolding and swinging their claws at the prey, and can cause serious damage on victims larger than themselves.
In smashers, these two weapons are employed with blinding quickness, and hit their prey with the speed of a bullet. This is one of the fastest responses known to man. 

Smashers use this ability to attack snails, crabs, molluscs and rock oysters; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces. Spearers, on the other hand, prefer the meat of softer animals, like fish, which their barbed claws can more easily slice and snag.

Because they strike so rapidly, they generate cavitation bubbles between the appendage and the striking surface. The collapse of these bubbles hits their prey in addition to the impact of the appendage against the striking surface. 

This means that the prey is hit twice by a single strike; first by the claw and then by the collapsing cavitation bubbles that immediately follow. Even if the initial strike misses the prey, the resulting shock wave can be enough to kill or stun the prey.

Their eyes are mounted on mobile stalks and constantly move about independently of each other. They are considered to be the most complex eyes in the animal kingdom.

The mantis shrimp has such good eyes it can perceive both polarized light, and colour vision outside the normal visual spectrum.

Some species have at least 16 different photoreceptor types, 12 of them for colour analysis in the different wavelengths (including four which are sensitive to ultraviolet light) and four of them for analysing polarised light. By comparison, humans have only four visual pigments, three dedicated to see colour. 

The eyes of mantis shrimp may recognize different types of coral, prey species (which are often transparent or semi-transparent), or predators, such as barracuda, which have shimmering scales. 

Also, the manner in which mantis shrimp hunt (very rapid movements of the claws) may require very accurate ranging information, which would require accurate depth perception.

During mating rituals, mantis shrimp actively fluoresce, and the wavelength of this fluorescence matches the wavelengths detected by their eye pigments. 

Females are only fertile during certain phases of the tidal cycle; the ability to perceive the phase of the moon may therefore help prevent wasted mating efforts. It may also give mantis shrimp information about the size of the tide, which is important for species living in shallow water near the shore.

List of rulers of Saxony

This article lists Dukes, Electors, and Kings ruling over territories named Saxony from the beginning of the Saxon Duchy in the 9th century to the end of the Saxon Kingdom in 1918.

The original Duchy of Saxony was the lands of the Saxon people in the north-western part of present-day Germany, namely, the modern German state of Lower Saxony as well as Westphalia and Western Saxony-Anhalt, not the modern German state of Saxony.

Early dukes

Hattonid dynasty

When the Welfs left in 1180, the Duchy of Saxony lost a lot of territory. Westphalia fell to the Archbishop of Cologne, while the Duchies of Brunswick and Lüneburg remained with the Welfs. The Ascanian Dukes had their base further east, near the Elbe, so the name Saxony moved towards the east. The post carve-up Saxony is therefore sometimes called the "younger Duchy of Saxony". Also the counting of its dukes its mixed up. While the first post carve-up duke is sometimes called Bernard III - because of two predecessors of the same name before 1180 - or Bernard I with his great-great-great-great grandson Bernard II being counted second. The second post carve-up duke Albert I is already usually counted as the first, although before 1180 he had one predecessor of the same name, his grandfather Albert the Bear.

The new dukes changed the Saxon horse emblem () and used their Ascanian family colours and emblem (black and gold stripes) () and added a "bendwise crancelin", a crown diagonally across the coat of arms, symbolising the Saxon ducal crown, as new coat-of-arms of Saxony (). The later rulers of the House of Wettin adopted the Ascanian coat-of-arms.

Since the Duke of Saxony was considered one of the prince-electors electing a new Holy Roman Emperor, there was an argument between the lines of Lauenburg and Wittenberg about who should cast Saxony's vote. In 1314 both lines found themselves on different sides in a double election. Eventually, the Dukes of Saxe-Wittenberg succeeded in 1356 after the promulgation of the Golden Bull. To distinguish him from other rulers bearing the title Duke of Saxony, he was commonly called "Elector of Saxony".

In 1303 the brothers split their inheritance between them, however, only two brothers had heirs creating the "Bergedorf-Mölln" and the "Ratzeburg-Lauenburg" lines.

First named Saxe-Mölln, however, renamed after reorganising territory, including parts of Albert III's share in 1321.

In 1401, the elder branch became extinct and Lauenburg rejoined the Ratzeburg-Lauenburg line.

First named Saxe-Bergedorf-Lauenburg, however, renamed after reorganising territory, including parts of Albert III's share in 1321.

In 1401, the younger branch inherited Lauenburg and other possessions of the extinct elder Bergedorf-Mölln line.

The Ascanian Dynasty continued in Saxe-Lauenburg until 1689, but after the Lauenburg line had finally lost the Saxon Electorate to the Wittenberg line in 1356 and failed to obtain the succession in the Electorate after 1422, recognition of the Dukes of Saxe-Lauenburg as Dukes of Saxony waned.

For the predecessor see the section Ascanian or younger Duchy of Saxony above in this article.

The Albertines were a junior branch of the Wettin dynasty of Electors of Saxony (section below), who ruled in Northern Thuringia and Southern Meissen until they replaced the senior "Ernestine" branch as Electors and rulers of most Saxon territory in 1547.

Following their displacement by the Albertines, the Ernestine branch of the Wettins continued to rule in southern Thuringia as "Dukes of Saxony", but their lands eventually split up into many different tiny "Ernestine duchies". Of these, Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, Saxe-Meiningen, and Saxe-Altenburg lasted until 1918. This article does not list the subsequent Ernestine dukes.

The Golden Bull of 1356 confirmed the right to participate in the election of a Holy Roman Emperor to the Duke of Saxony in the Saxe-Wittenberg line. For the predecessor see the section Ascanian Dukes of Saxe-Wittenberg above in this article.

The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in 1806. The Elector of Saxony, allied to Napoleon I, anticipated its dissolution by becoming the ruler of an independent Kingdom of Saxony in 1806.

Saxony became a republic at the end of the German Empire in 1918. For later rulers, see List of Ministers-President of Saxony.


Base Ball Bear

Base Ball Bear is a Japanese rock band from Tokyo, Japan. Base Ball Bear has four members in the band; the current band members are Yūsuke Koide, Shiori Sekine and Daisuke Horinouchi.

The band, originally called “Planet,” was formed by four friends for a one-time performance at a high school culture festival. But they decided to continue playing because of how well they were received at the festival and how much fun they were having. The band was afviced by Toshiba EMI to change their name after sending their demo tapes to record labels and they chose Base Ball Bear which they got from Chocolate's song, Base Ball and Elvis Presley. The band currently has Yūsuke Koide on Vocals and guitar, Shiori Sekine on bass guitar and backing vocals and Daisuke Horinouchi on drums and chorus. Shōhei Yuasa, who used to play the guitar along with them, left the band on March 2nd, 2016.




Pontiac Bonneville

The Pontiac Bonneville was an American automobile. It was introduced in 1957 and discontinued in 2005 model year. The Bonneville was available as a convertible, sedan or coupe. This car was distributed through the Pontiac division of General Motors.

Pontiac Grand Prix

The Pontiac Grand Prix was an American-made car. It was first introduced around 1962. The car was sold through the Pontiac division of General Motors. They stopped selling the car in 2008.

Aeronwy Thomas

Aeronwy Bryn Thomas-Ellis (3 March 1943 – 27 July 2009)
was the second child of the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas.

Born in London, where her parents lived at the time, she was named for the River Aeron. In 1949, the family moved to the Boat House, Laugharne, Carmarthenshire, Wales.
After her father's death in 1953, she and her mother went to Rome, later moving to Sicily.
She learnt Italian and became a translator of Italian poetry. She was also known as an ambassador for her father's work, and as a patron of the Dylan Thomas Society.
Visiting professor in schools and universities in the U.K. and abroad, in the late ‘90s she was very popular with the students of Giuseppe Perotti School in Torino, Italy, for her "creative writing" courses.
In 2007 she became President of IMMAGINE&POESIA (Image and Poetry), the international artistic literary movement founded at Teatro Alfa, Torino, Italy.

Aeronwy Thomas died in 2009 in New Malden London, aged 66.

Droseraceae

Droseraceae is a family of flowering plants. The family is also known under its common name, the sundew family.

It consists of carnivorous plants: besides the sundews, the genus "Drosera", it also contains the even more famous Venus flytrap ("Dionaea muscipula"). The sundews produce sticky substances on their leaves that traps prey, and the Venus fly trap has leaves that form traps that close when disturbed.

Amaranthaceae

Amaranthaceae is a family of flowering plants are the Amaranth family, contains about 160 genera and 2,400 species. Most of these species are herbs or subshrubs; very few are trees or climbers.

This is a widespread and cosmopolitan family found mostly in subtropical and tropical regions, although many species belong in cool temperate regions.

Art Fleming

Arthur Fleming Fazzin (May 1, 1924-April 25, 1995) was an American television host. He is best known as the original host of the game show "Jeopardy!" from 1964 until 1975 and again from 1978 to 1979.

He was born in New York City to William and Marie Fazzin, who had emigrated to the United States from Austria. Art studied at Colgate and Cornell Universities, and he later served in the United States Navy during World War II.

Fleming first appeared on television as a body double for Ralph Bellamy in a detective series called "Man Against Crime". He later starred in movies like "The Flying Tigers" and "International Detective". He also played a lawyer named Jeremy Pitt in an NBC series called "The Californians". It was set during the gold rush in San Francisco in the 1850s. He also appeared in television commercials before becoming the first host of the game show "Jeopardy!" on March 30, 1964. Fleming hosted "Jeopardy!" until 1975. He won two Emmy Awards for that program. 

Fleming died after a two week battle with pancreatic cancer on April 25, 1995, just six days before turning 71. The same disease would later affect his successor on "Jeopardy!", Alex Trebek, 25 years later when he died on November 8, 2020 at the age of 80.

David Herman

David Herman is an American actor, comedian and voice actor best known as an original cast member of "MADtv" and for his role as Michael Bolton in "Office Space". He is also known for his voice roles on television programs such as "Futurama", and "King of the Hill".

David Herman was born in New York City and raised in Washington Heights. He graduated from the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in 1987, then attended the acting program at SUNY Purchase. Herman appeared in the films "Born on the Fourth of July", "Lost Angels" and "Let It Be Me", but he is probably best known for his role as Michael Bolton in Mike Judge's "Office Space". Earlier, Herman had joined the cast of John Leguizamo's "House of Buggin'" in 1994; however, that show was short-lived. When FOX decided to mount a sketch comedy show to replace "House of Buggin"', Herman was kept on as an original "MADtv" cast member.

Dimples

Dimples are genetically inherited indentations of the skin. They are caused by the flesh underneath the skin, that forms on some people's cheeks, especially when they smile. Some people may only have one dimple on only one side of the face.

Ford Aerostar

The Ford Aerostar was the first minivan manufactured by Ford. The vehicle was introduced in 1985 as a 1986 model. The Aerostar was discontinued after 1997 and replaced by the Windstar, which was sold alongside since 1995. although Aerostar's role went unfilled until the 2010 introduction of the Ford Transit Connect van.

Acinetobacter baumannii

"Acinetobacter baumannii (A. baumannii)" is a pathogenic bacterial species that causes disease in humans. It is commonly found in soil and water. "A. baumannii" is the most important member of the Acinetobacter genus associated with infections gained in hospitals. A."Baumannii is resistant" to a specific class of antibiotic called carbapenems. Carbapenems-resistant "Acinetobacter" infection is common in hospitals and is very dangerous. In 2017, it resulted in an estimated 8,500 infections in hospital patients and 700 deaths in the United States. The World Health Organisation (WHO) released a list of top bacteria pathogens of concern, called ESKAPE pathogens, due to their high levels of antibiotic resistance. "A. baumannii" was named as one of the most dangerous ESKAPE pathogens. In order to treat "A. baumannii" effectively, it is important to understand how it acts as pathogen and its mechanism of antibiotic resistance.

"A. baumannii" are short and rod-shaped. They average between 1.0 and 1.5 micrometers in length. They do not all look the same and can vary in size and shape. "Acinetobacter" do not have a flagella, a tail-like structure used by many bacteria to move around. They are immobile but sometimes twitch and swarm to move around.

The first "Acinetobacter" was found in the soil by M.W. Beijerink in 1911. Since then, it has also been found in water, animals, and humans. "A. baumannii" are often found in hospitals and makeup almost 15% of infections that are transmitted in hospitals.  "A. baumannii" target moist environments. The respiratory tract, blood, open wounds, skin, and eyes are all possible sites of infection.

"A. baumannii" can cause many different diseases with different symptoms. Types of infection include pneumonia, bloodstream infections, meningitis, skin and bone infections and urinary tract infections. The most common infections are pneumonia and bloodstream infections. Factors that increase the risk of infection include a weak immune system, long hospital stays, hospital ventilators, and having an open wound.

It can be difficult to tell the difference between symptoms of "A. baumannii" infection and symptoms of other hospital infections. Symptoms include fever, rash, confusion, urinating pain, nausea, muscle and chest pains, breathing difficulties, and coughing.

"A. baumannii" is spread through contact with contaminated surfaces, objects, and skin of contaminated patients. It can survive on surfaces for a long time before infecting new patients making it an effective pathogen.

Carbapenems are a type of antibiotics that have been used to treat "Acinetobacter baumannii" infections. These antibiotics are effective in treating infection. However, "A. baumannii" can develop tolerance to this antibiotic. This tolerance makes it harder to treat infections. Carbapenems-resistant "A. baumannii" can spread their tolerance to other types of bacteria. This is dangerous in healthcare settings because if many bacteria are tolerant to carbapenems, the antibiotic cannot be used to treat infections anymore. "A. baumannii" can be tolerant to multiple antibiotics making infections difficult to treat.

Polymyxins are another antibiotic used to treat "A. baumannii" infection. These are effective against infection but polymyxins can be toxic to the kidneys.

Combination therapies can also be used to treat "A. baumannii" which is tolerant to many different types of antibiotics. This means treating the infection with a combination of different drugs at the same time. Different combinations are still being tested against "A. baumannii" infections.

Preventing and controlling outbreaks of "A. baumannii" is very important. Preventing infections will reduce the number of infections in hospitals and help stop the spread of antibiotic resistance.

"A. baumannii" can be controlled with strict infection control measures such as educating hospital staff about the dangers of spreading hospital infections, proper hand washing, cleaning of hospitals and actively testing surfaces for the presence of "A. baumannii""." These measures have been shown to reduce the spread of "A. baumannii" and reduce tolerance to antibiotics. However, all measures must be followed strictly to control infection.

Strict weak ordering

Strict weak ordering is a binary relation on a set. Such relations define a strict ordering, but they contain several elements of the same type. An example might be the relation "costs less than", or "is cheaper than". For any two elements that are "of different types", the relation holds. On the other hand, there are some elements that cannot be ordered that way, because they are of the same type. An example for such a relation may be the relation, "costs less than": milk may "cost less than" bread, and bread may cost less than cake. Two items of different types may cost less than another, but they can otherwise have the same price.

Two different algorithms that sort words by the number of letters in the word may not give the same ordering of the words with the same number of letters, but they will always give an ordering where the four-letter words come before the five-letter-words, and after the three-letter-words.

Time will give a strict weak ordering too; Events that are equivalent in the timeframe happen at the same time.

Colour vision

Color vision is the capacity of an organism to distinguish objects based on the wavelengths (or frequencies) of the light they reflect, emit, or transmit. 

Color is a quality made by the visual brain and so it is "not" a property of objects, despite what children are taught. 

The wavelength reflected from an object is the objective fact: it does not depend upon perception. A 'red' apple does not emit red light. Rather, it simply absorbs all the frequencies of visible light shining on it except for a group of frequencies that are reflected. It is these frequencies which are seen or "perceived" as red.

 The visible light spectrum ranges from about 380 to 740 nanometers. Colors of the spectrum such as red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and violet are in this range. These spectral colors do not refer to a single wavelength, but rather to a set of wavelengths: red, 625–740 nm; orange, 590–625 nm; yellow, 565–590 nm; green, 500–565 nm; cyan, 485–500 nm; blue, 450–485 nm; violet, 380–450 nm.

The nervous system derives color by comparing the responses to light from the several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye. These cone photoreceptors are sensitive to different portions of the visible spectrum.

For humans, the visible spectrum ranges approximately from 380 to 740 nm, and there are normally three types of cones. The visible range and number of cone types differ between species.

With color, vision gets better (more information) about the things the eye sees. This lets the eye see when fruit or vegetables are ripe, and can see animals hiding from plain sight. The advantage of color vision is mainly in the daytime. At night the main problem is to collect enough light to see in the weak light. This is something rods do better than cones.

Color vision is not an all-or-none state. Many groups of animals can distinguish color, but in different ways. In mammals, for instance, some groups have no color vision, and some are dichromats. The dichromats have two kinds of cones, and cannot see ultraviolet, red and orange light. 

It is thought that the mammals which survived though the Jurassic period were small nocturnal or burrowing animals with little need to see color. Later, after the extinction of the dinosaurs, many lines adapted to be more active in the daytime. Most developed a form of color vision, which is much more useful in the daytime. Primates developed full (trichromacy) color vision. For them, the ability to distinguish the color of fruit from leaves always was essential.

Many insects have color vision in the ultraviolet range, which humans do not. That is why honey guides on flowers are so noticeable in ultraviolet light photographs.


Compound eye

Compound eyes consist of many photoreceptor units or ommatidia. Each 'ommatidium' (singular) is an individual 'eye unit'. 

The image perceived is a combination of inputs from ommatidia on a convex surface. Thus they point in slightly different directions. 

Compared with simple eyes, compound eyes possess a wide-angle view. They can detect fast movement and, in some cases, the polarization of light. 

Eyes with resolving power have come in ten fundamentally different forms, and 96% of animal species possess a complex optical system. Image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs, chordates and arthropods.

Almost all insects and arachnids use both simple and compound eyes.

Compound eyes fall into two groups: apposition eyes, which form multiple inverted images, and superposition eyes, which form a single erect image. Compound eyes are common in arthropods, and are also present in annelids and some bivalved molluscs.

Compound eyes, in arthropods at least, grow at their margins by the addition of new ommatidia.

Good fliers like flies or honey bees, or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies, have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a foveal area which gives acute vision. In the acute zone the eyes are flattened and the facets larger. The flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot and therefore higher resolution.

Another version is the pseudofaceted eye, as seen in Scutigera. This type of eye consists of a cluster of numerous ocelli on each side of the head, organized in a way that resembles a true compound eye.

The body of "Ophiocoma wendtii", a type of brittle star, is covered with ommatidia, turning its whole skin into a compound eye. The same is true of many chitons.

Miyazaki Prefecture

After the Meiji Restoration, the area of Hyūga Province was renamed Miyazaki Prefecture.

Miyazaki is famous for various foods such as meat and fruit.

Miyazaki Prefecture is on the eastern coast of the island of Kyūshū. The southeast coastline faces the Pacific Ocean. Ōita Prefecture is north of Miyazaki. Kumamoto and Kagoshima Prefectures are to the west.

National parks are established in about 12% of the total land area of the prefecture.

Miyazaki is one of only two locations on Earth where the fungus "Chorioactis geaster" lives.

"Tsuno jinja" is the main Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Thundersnow

Thundersnow, also known as a winter thunderstorm, a snow thunderstorm or a thundersnowstorm, is a thunderstorm with snow instead of rain. This rare kind of weather is less rare around the Midwestern United States, the Great Lakes and Rocky Mountains, the Sea of Japan, and Mount Everest. Thundersnow mostly happens in March.


Thunder can be heard many miles away, but thundersnow thunder can only be heard a few miles away. The snow stops sounds of thunder more than rain does.

Alachua County, Florida

Alachua County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on February 29, 1824. As of 2020, the population is 278,468. Alachua County's seat is Gainesville.


Opsin

Opsins are the universal photoreceptor molecules of all visual systems in the animal kingdom. 

They change from a resting state to a signalling state by absorbing light. This activates the G protein, resulting in a signalling cascade which produces physiological responses. 

This process of capturing a photon and transforming it into a physiological response is known as phototransduction.

Five groups of opsins are involved in vision. Another opsin found in the mammalian retina, melanopsin, is involved in circadian rhythms and pupillary reflex, but not in image-forming.

Each opsin allows vision in just a short stretch of wavelength. This is equivalent to seeing in only one color. Two opsins allow vision in two colors, and is usual in mammals. Four opsins allows vision in full color, and is usual in teleost fish, reptiles and birds. In mammals, only Old World monkeys, apes and humans have trichromacy, called full color vision. 

It is thought – see evolution of color vision – that mammals lost much of their color vision capability during the long period in the Mesozoic when they lived as mostly nocturnal animals. 

Sinoceratops

Sinoceratops was a very large ceratopsian dinosaur. Its name means 'horned face from China'. The dinosaur used to live in what is now China during the Upper Cretaceous. The head of a full-grown "Sinoceratops" was probably about long.

It was the first ceratopsid dinosaur found in China. All other centrosaurines are from fossils found in North America. Sinoceratops is one of the largest known centrosaurines. It is much larger than any other known basal member of the group.

"Sinoceratops" was a ceratopsian ornithischian, with an estimated length of about , weight of , and height of about . 

"Sinoceratops" is a member of the short-frilled ceratopsids, the Centrosaurinae. The holotype specimen is of a partial skull with most of the skull roof and partial braincase. The skull of "Sinoceratops" was about long. It is one of the largest known centrosaur skulls.

Crash Bandicoot

Crash Bandicoot may refer to:


Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped

Crash Bandicoot: Warped (known in Europe as Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped) is the third video game for the "Crash Bandicoot" series. Time trials were a new feature introduced with this game.

Crash Team Racing

Crash Team Racing is a racing video game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation. The game was released in North America on September 30, 1999. It was released in Europe and Australia later the same year. It was released again for the Greatest Hits chain in 2000.

"Crash Team Racing" is the fourth game in the "Crash Bandicoot" series. It is the first "Crash Bandicoot" racing game and the last to be developed by Naughty Dog. The characters of the "Crash Bandicoot" series, must race against the evil Nitros Oxide and save their planet from destruction. In the game, players can take control of one of fifteen "Crash Bandicoot" series characters. Although only eight are available at first. During the races, speed power-ups and other objects to use for safety, can be used to help the player win the game.

The game received very good reviews from video game critics. They liked its gameplay and graphics. However, the audio had a mixed review. In 2003, "Crash Nitro Kart", was released for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Xbox, Game Boy Advance and N-Gage game consoles. It is not a sequel to "Crash Team Racing". With 2.2 million copies sold, "Crash Team Racing" remains one of the most popular PlayStation and best-selling video games as of 2012.

"Crash Team Racing" is a racing game in which the player controls characters from the "Crash Bandicoot" universe. The characters compete in karts. While racing, the player can accelerate, steer, reverse, brake, hop or use weapons and power-ups with the game controller's analog stick and buttons. There are two different crates that are scattered throughout the tracks and arenas of "Crash Team Racing". Crates with question marks (?) on them have power-ups and weapons. Players must drive through and break the crate. When a player collects a weapon or power-up, it will appear in a box at the top of the screen. Once the player has this, they can destroy other racers with the weapon. The power-ups can help the player's performance. "Fruit Crates" carry "Wumpa Fruit" that increase the speed of the player's kart. This strengthens the player's weapons and power-ups if ten of them are collected.

The power slide can be done by holding down one of the shoulder buttons to perform a hop, and steering before the kart lands. While sliding, the "Turbo Boost Meter" on the lower-right corner of the screen fills up and goes from green to red. To get a speed boost, the player quickly presses the opposite shoulder button while the Turbo Boost Meter is red. The player can get three speed boosts in a row during a power slide. The third speed boost is more powerful. If the player waits too long into the power slide for a boost, the kart will spin around.

Fifteen characters are playable in "Crash Team Racing". However, only eight of them are playable from the start. Crash Bandicoot, the protagonist of the series, is a playable character. Doctor Neo Cortex, Crash's enemy, is a mad scientist. He wants to stop Nitros Oxide so that he may take over the world himself. Coco Bandicoot, Crash's younger sister, is a computer genius. Doctor N. Gin is a rocket scientist. He is Cortex follower and serves his master. Pura and Polar's karts have low speed but better handling. This allows them to get around tight corners. Tiny Tiger and Dingodile's karts are built for top speed.

The main antagonist of the story, Nitros Oxide, believes he is the fastest racer in the galaxy. He warns everyone about his plan to turn planet Earth into a concrete parking lot. There are four bosses: Ripper Roo, Papu Papu, Komodo Joe and Pinstripe Potoroo. The four bosses, along with a mistake clone of Crash Bandicoot named Fake Crash, become playable characters if the Adventure Mode is fully completed.

The player's tutors in the game are the twin witch doctor masks Aku Aku and Uka Uka. They give hints that help the player develop their racing skills. They become power-ups during the races. They temporarily protect the player from all attacks. However, their power does not protect the player from chasms or deep water.

The inhabitants of Earth are visited by an extraterrestrial named Nitros Oxide. He claims to be the fastest racer in the galaxy. He challenges Earth to a game called "Survival of the Fastest". If Earth's driver wins, he promises to leave Earth alone. However, if Oxide wins, he will turn Earth into a concrete parking lot and enslave the Earthlings. In response, the player character gathers all four Boss Keys needed to enter Oxide's spaceship and races him in a one-on-one match. Upon Oxide's defeat by the player character, he leaves Earth. He promises that he will return when all of the Time Relics have been gathered. Oxide faces the player again after all the Time Relics are gathered. After losing once more, Oxide keeps his word and leaves Earth forever. The end credits explains what the characters of the game did after the events of the story. Nitros Oxide himself returns to his home planet of Gasmoxia and hides from society. After years of therapy to cope with his loss, he tries to do unicycle-racing. However, he gets into a bad accident.

Naughty Dog began production on "Crash Team Racing" after the completion of "" (1997). The game engine for "Crash Team Racing" was created at the same time "" (1998) was produced. The characters of the game were designed by Charles Zembillas and Joe Pearson. They had designed the characters of the last three games of the "Crash Bandicoot" series. Nitros Oxide was originally a mad scientist who enjoys speed. Oxide plotted to speed up the entire world until the end of time. However, Zembillias and Pearson wanted the character to be an extraterrestrial. Because they said there were already human, animal and machine bosses in the past.

David Baggett produced the game's soundtrack, with Mark Mothersbaugh and Josh Mancell of Mutato Muzika composing the music. Sound effects were created by Mike Gollum, Ron Horwitz and Kevin Spears of Universal Sound Studios. The voices of Doctor Neo Cortex and Uka Uka were provided by Clancy Brown. The voices of Doctor N. Gin, Tiny Tiger and Pinstripe Potoroo were provided by voice actor Brendan O'Brien. Additional voices were provided by David A. Pizzuto, Mel Winkler, Michael Ensign, Hynden Walch, Billy Pope, Mike Gollom, Michael Connor and Chip Chinery.

"Crash Team Racing" was given favorable reviews from critics. "Official PlayStation Magazine" described "Crash Team Racing" as "the game that made kart racing cool". "Electronic Gaming Monthly" believed that the game was "inspired [a lot] by "Mario Kart", but still an amazing multiplayer racer." Doug Perry of IGN said that the game was "rock solid" in its gameplay and graphics, but Perry did not like Crash's smile because it made him look evil. Jeff Gerstmann of GameSpot called the game "a great Mario Kart clone", and that it succeeded where similar games like "Mega Man Battle & Chase", "Bomberman Fantasy Race", "Diddy Kong Racing", "Chocobo Racing" and "Mario Kart" had failed.

Critics gave a mixed review of the game's audio. The D-Pad Destroyer of GamePro said that the "whimsical" (no sound; which makes it very annoying) background music is "quite enjoyable" and the character sound bites are "varied enough to avoid becoming annoying." Doug Perry of IGN said that the voice acting is "nothing really that cute, clever or memorable" in the game, and believed that Crash's voice in the game is very similar to that of Luigi from the "Mario Kart" series. Jeff Gertsmann of GameSpot wrote that while the music and sound effects "push the game's cartoon theme," the themes were not too "over the top". Joe Ottoson of Allgame believed that the characters "are all quite vocal", and the music "sets off the whimsical mood nicely".

There have been over 2.2 million copies sold of "Crash Team Racing". There were 1.71 million copies sold in Europe, 2.64 million copies sold in the United States, and under 500,000 copies sold in Japan. As a result of its success, the game was re-released for the Sony Greatest Hits chain in 2000 and for the Platinum Range on January 12, 2001. "Crash Nitro Kart" was released in 2003 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, Game Boy Advance and N-Gage. It is not a sequel to "Crash Team Racing" and was the first game in the "Crash Bandicoot" series to feature a full motion video.


Crash Bash

Crash Bash (or Crash Bandicoot Carnival in Japan) is the fifth video game for the "Crash Bandicoot" series. In this game, a variety of mini-games are available for the player to play. The warp rooms were brought back here. 

Bowery

Bowery, (commonly called The Bowery) is the name of a street and a small neighborhood in the southern Manhattan. The name comes from the Dutch "bouwerij", which is an old word for "farm." The neighborhood is surrounded by the East Village to the north, Canal Street and Chinatown to the South, Allen Street and the Lower East Side to the east and Little Italy to the west. The area was home to many Irish immigrants in the early 19th century after the Great Irish Famine.

Five Points, Manhattan

Five Points (or The Five Points) was a slum (poor neighborhood) named after the five-cornered intersection of Anthony (now Worth St.), Cross (now Mosco), and Orange (now Baxter) in Manhattan it was located on. However, over time, the intersection sometimes had four or six corners. Five Points was the home to a lot of Irish and Italian immigrants, and to the 18th century Five Points Gang.


Amber Heard

Amber Laura Heard (born April 22, 1986 in Austin, Texas) is an American actress.

She made her movie debut in the 2004 sports movie Friday Night Lights. She had a recurring role on the television show, Hidden Palms as Greta Matthews. Heard came out at GLAAD's 25th anniversary event. From 2008 to 2011, she was in a relationship with photographer Tasya van Ree. She began a relationship with Johnny Depp in 2012. The couple became engaged in December 2013. They married in February 2015. In May 2016, she filed for divorce.

The divorce gained a lot of media attention when Heard filed for a temporary restraining order against Depp claiming domestic abuse. In response, Depp claimed that Heard was the one that had abused him before he went on, in 2018, to unsuccessfully sue the publishers of the British tabloid "The Sun" for defamation in England for calling him a wifebeater. 

In 2019, Depp sued Heard for defamation in the United States after she wrote an op-ed in December 2018 in which she said, among other things, that she "became a public figure representing domestic abuse." The trial began in Virginia on April 11, 2022 with a verdict being reached on June 1, 2022. The verdict found Heard liable for defaming Depp on three counts and Depp liable for defaming Heard on one count.

A year after losing the legal battle against Depp, Heard reportedly quit Hollywood and moved to Madrid with her daughter, Oonagh Paige.

Amber Heard's journey into the world of film and television began with rapid success. In 2004, she secured roles on television shows like "Jack & Bobby" and "The Mountain," followed by "The OC" in 2005. Her transition to the silver screen occurred with a supporting role in the sports drama "Friday Night Lights" in 2004, marking a significant turning point in her career.

However, her breakthrough came the following year when she appeared in the critically acclaimed film "North Country." Though her role was relatively small, she made a noticeable impact by portraying a younger version of Charlize Theron's character, Josey.

From this juncture, it became clear that Heard was destined for greater accomplishments. She took on diverse roles in films such as "Alpha Dog," "Price To Pay," and "All The Boys Love Mandy Lane," demonstrating her versatility as an actress. Notably, her leading role in "All The Boys Love Mandy Lane" garnered praise and identified her as a rising star when it premiered at the Toronto Film Festival.

As of 2024, Amber Heard Net Worth is Projected $1 million, which is a significant decrease from her prior net worth of $11 million.



Magnoliids

Magnoliids (or Magnoliidae or Magnolianae) are a group of flowering plants. They are descendants of the earliest flowering plants: they keep some features which look like those of conifers.

The group include magnolias, nutmeg, bay laurel, cinnamon, avocado, black pepper, tulip tree ("Lyriodendron") and many others. They have three-part flowers, pollen with one pore, and usually branching-veined leaves. 

The magnoliids are today more than 10,000 species of flowering plants. They are successful despite being "primitive" in structure.

The group has many food crops (such as avocados) and many with psychotropic effects. The famous Polynesian drink kava is prepared from a magnoliad, and nutmeg fruits are a source of the hallucinogen myristicin. Psychotropic effects are usually a defence against herbivory.

Commelinids

The name commelinids is a plant taxonomy plural, not capitalised. It is used by the APG II system for a clade in the monocots. They have cell walls which contain ferulic acid.

It forms one of three groups in the monocots. The other two groups are the alismatid monocots and the lilioid monocots.


Ford Thunderbird

The Ford Thunderbird is an American car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company starting in 1955. The Thunderbird was also known as the T-Bird. The car was often used in NASCAR races.

John Denver recorded a song in 1986 called "Along for the Ride", about the 1956 Thunderbird. The words and music were by Danny O'Keefe and Bill Braun. The Beach Boys had a big hit with the song "Fun Fun Fun" which also was about the Thunderbird.

Chevrolet Camaro

The Chevrolet Camaro is a car manufactured by Chevrolet. The Camaro was first sold in 1967. It was designed to compete with Ford Mustang, which was a very successful car. The Camaro was discontinued in 2002, but returned again in 2010 as a completely new car. The current generation Camaro's body shell comes from GM Korea formerly known as GM Daewoo.

The Chevrolet Camaro was made to compete with the Ford Mustang. It would eventually become one of the most popular pony cars.

The first-generation Camaro was made from 1967 to 1969. It was designed as a sporty pony car. The first-generation Camaro came with many different engines. There were some inline-6s and some V8s. It was available as a coupé or a convertible. The design inspired the fifth-generation Camaro's design.

The second-generation Camaro was made from 1970 to 1981. 

The third-generation Camaro was made from 1982 to 1992. 

The fourth-generation Camaro was made from 1993 to 2002. 

The fifth-generation Camaro was made from 2010 to 2015. 

The sixth and last generation Camaro was made from 2016 to 2024.

The Camaro was discontinued in January 2024.

International Species Information System

The International Species Information System (ISIS) is an international non-profit organization that helps zoos and aquariums around the world. ISIS gives its members software to collect and share information about animals. The ISIS database has information on 2.4 million animals of 10,000 species. ISIS members use basic information (age, sex, parents, place of birth, reports of deaths, etc.) collected in the ISIS system to care for and manage their animals.


National Wildlife Federation

The National Wildlife Federation (NWF) is the United States' largest private, nonprofit conservation education and advocacy organization. It has over four million members and supporters.

NWF seeks to educate people of all ages by publishing a variety of wildlife magazines, including "Wild Animal Baby", "Your Big Backyard", "Ranger Rick", and "National Wildlife Magazine", and by the "Backyard Habitat" series on Discovery's Animal Planet along with IMAX films, such as Coral Reef Adventure, India: Kingdom of the Tiger, Bears, Wolves, and Dolphins. It has an online field guide of plants and animals called Enature.com. Also, the NWF offers hands-on training and support for habitat restoration through its Backyard Wildlife Habitat and Schoolyard Habitat programs.

Some of NWF's goals include: solutions to global warming; reducing mercury pollution; strengthening the Endangered Species Act; fighting invasive species; saving the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge from oil drilling; restoring America's waterways; reforming the Army Corps of Engineers; and educating future environmental stewards.

NWF's headquarters is in Reston, Virginia.

The following individuals make up NWF's top executive staff:

The NWF runs a large network of volunteer programs that reaches over 10 million people.

Some of the current programs include:


Apart from its headquarters, the NWF runs ten regional offices across the United States.




Gums

The gums are the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla. They are also called gingiva. They surround the teeth and provide a seal around them. 

Healthy gums are usually "coral pink." Other colors like red, white, and blue can mean there is a problem. Red gums mean that the patient has gingivitis, or the inflammation of the gum.

Healthy gums fill and fit each space between teeth.

Healthy gums are firm and do not move very much.

Healthy gums usually have no reaction to normal disturbance such as brushing.



Jacobson's organ

The Jacobson's organ, is part of the body that helps an animal smell things. It is found in many animals. It was discovered by Frederik Ruysch and later by Ludwig Jacobson in 1813. It is also called the vomeronasal organ or VNO.

This body part is mainly used to detect pheromones, chemicals that carry information between individuals of the same species. So, sometimes it is called the "sixth sense."

Los Angeles Zoo

The Los Angeles Zoo, founded in 1966, is a zoo in Los Angeles, California. The City of Los Angeles owns the entire zoo, its land and buildings, and the animals. Animal care, grounds maintenance, construction, education, public information, and administrative staff are city employees.

The zoo, located in Los Angeles' Griffith Park, is home to 1,100 animals from around the world. The first zoo opened in 1912 and was about two miles (3.2 km) north of its current site until about 1965.

In the 1971 20th Century Fox film "Escape from the Planet of the Apes", the characters Zira and Cornelius are briefly kept at the Los Angeles Zoo.

The zoo is open from 10am–5pm every day of the year except December 25.

In 2002, the zoo became a certified Botanical Gardens and the official name of the institution was changed to the Los Angeles Zoo and Botanical Gardens. There are 15 different collections around the zoo. They show over 800 different plant species, with a total of over 7,400 individual plants.

The Gottlieb Animal Health and Conservation Center is in a restricted area of the zoo. Among other features, it includes a state-of-the-art intensive care unit, an on-site commissary, a surgical suite with observation area, and research facilities. In 2007 the facility handled 853 medical cases. The smallest patient treated was a spider tortoise (0.08 kg) and the largest was an Asian elephant (4,826 kg). It is named after Robert and Suzanne Gottlieb.

Phil Bronstein

Phil Bronstein (born October 4, 1950) was the executive vice president and editor of the "San Francisco Chronicle". 

Bronstein's career began as a reporter with KQED-TV in San Francisco. He later moved to the "San Francisco Examiner". At the "Examiner", Bronstein specialized in investigations and was a foreign correspondent for eight years. He has won awards for his writing about the Philippines from the Overseas Press Club, Associated Press, the World Affairs Council and Media Alliance. He was named executive editor of the "Examiner" in 1991, having previously served as managing editor for news. Under his service, the "Examiner" circulation declined rapidly, which Bronstein blamed on the afternoon delivery of the paper.

Bronstein was named executive vice president and editor of the "San Francisco Chronicle" in March 2003. He had been senior vice president and executive editor of the paper when Hearst Corp. bought The Chronicle.

The newspaper had been selling fewer newspapers each year. In late March 2007, Bronstein called an emergency staff meeting and reportedly stated that the news business "is broken, and no one knows how to fix it." This meeting happened after several weeks of articles focused on the influence of the Internet and the blogosphere made front page headlines in the "Chronicle".

On January 23, 2008, Bronstein announced that he was leaving his job as editor of the Chronicle. He became editor-at-large with Hearst Newspapers.

He was married to actress Sharon Stone from February 1998 until January 2004. They adopted a son named Roan. Bronstein married again later. He lives in Mill Valley, CA with his wife and three kids.

In June 2001, he was seriously injured by a Komodo dragon. He entered its cage at the Los Angeles Zoo after being invited in by the dragon's keeper. Bronstein was bitten on his bare foot. He did not wear shoes because the zoo worker had told him to take them off. The shoes were white could have excited the dragon.


Danny DeVito

Daniel Michael "Danny" DeVito, Jr. (born November 17, 1944) is an American actor, comedian and filmmaker. He has starred in and directed a number of movies. DeVito is of Italian descent. He was born in Neptune Township, New Jersey and grew up in Asbury Park, New Jersey.

Predation

In ecology, predation describes a relationship and actions between two creatures. A predator catches, attacks, and eats its prey. Predators may or may not kill their prey before eating them. But the act of predation always causes the death of its prey and taking in the prey's body parts into the predators body. A true predator can be thought of as one which both kills and eats another animal, but many animals act as both predator and scavenger.

A predator is an animal that hunts, catches, and eats other animals. For example, a spider eating a fly caught at its web is a predator, or a pack of lions eating a buffalo. The animals that the predator hunts are called prey. Predators mostly do not eat other predators. It has also been suggested that they know it may transmit disease. A "top predator" or "apex predator" is one that is not the prey of other predators.

Predators are usually carnivores (meat-eaters) or omnivores (eats plants and other animals). Predators will hunt other animals for food. Examples of predators are hawks, eagles, falcons, cats, crocodiles, snakes, raptors, wolves, killer whales, lobsters, lions, and sharks.

Ambush predators or sit-and-wait predators are carnivorous animals or other organisms, such as some carnivorous plants. They capture or trap prey by stealth or strategy (not conscious strategy), rather than just by speed or strength.

These organisms usually hide quiet and wait for prey to come within striking distance. They often are camouflaged, and may be solitary. This may be safer for the predator, because lying in wait exposes it less to its own predators.

When a predator cannot move faster than its preferred prey, ambushing its prey is likely to be more efficient than pursuit. A predator that can move at high speed for a long time can be a pursuit predator, chasing until its prey tires and slows. There are however many intermediate strategies; for example when a pursuit predator is faster than its prey over a short distance, but not in a long chase, then either stalking or ambushing becomes part of the strategy.


Pink (singer)

Alecia Moore (born September 8, 1979), is an American singer and actress. She originally performed R&B music. As of 2012, Alecia Moore sold over 40 million records as well as 70 million singles worldwide. She has won 3 Grammys and 1 Brit Award.

Alecia Beth Moore was born in Abington, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, and raised in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, in Bucks County. Alecia Moore's parents divorced when she was three years old. Alecia Moore was a member of the girl group Choice.

In 2006, Alecia Moore married motocross racer Carey Hart in Costa Rica, after proposing to him at the X Games in Philadelphia, near her childhood hometown of Doylestown. On June 2, 2011, Carey Hart and Alecia Moore had a daughter named Willow Sage Hart. Willow is the first child for both Alecia Moore and Carey Hart. Alecia Moore and Carey Hart then had a son, Jameson Moon Hart, on December 26, 2016.



Jeopardy! theme music

Since the show started in 1964, there were various songs and arrangements that were used as the show's main theme. Most of these were composed by Merv Griffin. The best known theme song is "Think!". It has served as the countdown music for the Final Jeopardy! round since 1964.

Between 1964 and 1975, a jazz tune called "Take Ten", composed by Julian Griffin, served as the main theme. When the series was revived in 1978, "January, February, March" served as the opening theme, and "Frisco Disco" served as the closing theme, both of which were composed by Merv Griffin himself. "January, February, March" was also used in the first pilot of the syndicated version.

Beginning with the Alex Trebek hosted syndicated version in September 1984, a rendition of "Think!" served as the show's main theme. The original version of the main theme consisted of saxophones and synthesizers along with the original recording of "Think!" retained for the final segment. A swooshing sound effect was added during the show's introduction.

In 1992, the main theme was remixed to include congas. It was used for tournaments in Season 8, and then it was put permanently into use in Season 9. In 1997, both the main theme and "Think!" music were rearranged by Steve Kaplan. They both involved a more piano-driven, orchestral, jazzy sound. In 2001, the 1997 theme was rearranged, and its tempo increased. In 2008, Chris Bell Music & Sound Design overhauled the "Jeopardy!" music package for the show’s 25th anniversary. And in 2021, Bleeding Fingers Music rearranged the 2008 theme.

Smithsonian National Zoological Park

The Smithsonian National Zoological Park is one of the oldest zoos in the United States. It is part of the Smithsonian Institution and does not charge admission. It began in 1889 and wants to be a leader in animal care, science, education, sustainability, and visitor experience.<ref name="national zoo/aboutus/mission"></ref> It is also called the National Zoo. The Zoo has two campuses. The first is a urban park in northwest Washington, D.C.. It is 20 minutes from the National Mall by Metro. It offers family fun, excitement and interesting education programs. The other campus is the Smithsonian Conservation and Research Center (SCBI; formerly known as the Conservation and Research Center) in Front Royal, Virginia. SCBI is not open to the public. It is for training wildlife professionals in conservation biology and to propagating rare species through natural means and assisted reproduction. The National Zoo is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA).

Altogether, the two facilities contain some 2,000 animals of 400 different species.<ref name="nationalzoo/AnimalIndex"></ref>

The National Zoo was created by an Act of Congress in 1889 for “the advancement of science and the instruction and recreation of the people.” In 1890 it became a part of the Smithsonian Institution. Three well-known people planned the Zoo: Samuel Langley, third Secretary of the Smithsonian; William T. Hornaday, a conservationist and head of the Smithsonian's vertebrate division; and Frederick Law Olmsted, a landscape architect. They designed a new zoo to show animals for the public and to serve as a refuge for wildlife, such as bison and beaver, which were rapidly vanishing from North America.

The National Zoo has been the home to giant pandas for more than 30 years. First Hsing Hsing and Ling Ling in 1972, and, since 2000, Mei Xiang and Tian Tian. On July 9, 2005, Mei Xiang gave birth to Tai Shan, who went to China in February 2010.

The zoo is supported by taxes and is open to everyone. About 2 million people visit each year, according to the "Washington Post" in 2005.


Daily programs include animal training, feeding demonstrations, and talks by zoo workers. These are exhibits at the Zoo:


Avoca River

The Avoca River drains a large area of western and central Victoria, Australia. It is 270 kilometres from its beginnings near Amphitheatre to Lake Bael Bael. It flows through several towns including Avoca, Bealiba, Charlton and Culgoa. It is not a deep river, most of it is less than 2m, but there are some deeper pools near Logan. There are 13 creeks which flow into the Avoca River. The river carries varying amounts of water, and in summer can stop flowing for several months. At other times it can flood. In January 2010 the river flooded and covered about 80% of the town of Charlton. The roads into the town were cut and emergency food supplies had to be brought in by helicopter. The town of Culgoa was also flooded.

Thomas S. Monson

Thomas Spencer Monson (August 21, 1927 – January 2, 2018) was an American religious leader and writer. On February 3, 2008, he became the sixteenth President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, after the death of Gordon B. Hinckley. He was appointed on the basis of seniority following the death of the previous president. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Monson was made an apostle at age 36. He was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles until he became the President of the Church. As president of the church, Monson is said to be a prophet, seer, and revelator of God's will. Monson spent most of his time engaged in various church leadership positions and in public service.

He received three honorary doctorates. He was Chairman of the Church Boards of Trustees/Education of the Church Educational System. He was appointed by Ronald Reagan to the President's Task Force for Private Sector Initiatives. Monson received the Boy Scouts of America's Silver Buffalo and the World Organization of the Scout Movement's Bronze Wolf—both awards. Both awards are the highest given in each organization.

Monson died in Salt Lake City on January 2, 2018 at the age of 90. He was replaced by Russell M. Nelson.

Monson was born on August 21, 1927 in Salt Lake City, Utah. His Father was George Spencer Monson (1901–1979) and his mother was Gladys Condie Monson (1902–1973). Nels Monson was his Swedish grandfather. Nels Monson was born in Torhamn, Sweden and moved to Utah at the age of 16. Thomas S. Monson was the second of six children. He grew up in a close family. Many of his mother's family lived on the same street. Aunts, uncles, and cousins frequently vacationed together. The family's neighborhood had many families from Mexico. Monson said he developed a love for the Mexican people and culture. Monson often spent weekends with family on their farms in Granger (now part of West Valley City). Monson's father owned a printing business. Monson worked there when he was a teenager.

From 1940 to 1944, Monson attended West High School in Salt Lake City. In 1944, he started going to the University of Utah. While Monson was at school he met his future wife, Frances. Frances's family came from a higher social class on the east side of the city. Her father, Franz Johnson, was excited to meet Thomas. He knew Monson's great uncle, Elias Monson. Elias had baptized Franz into the LDS Church in Sweden.

Alter Bridge

Alter Bridge is an American hard rock band from Orlando, Florida that was formed in 2004. It was formed by the then-former members of Creed. Alter Bridge has received relatively low mainstream success in the United States. They have released 3 studio albums and one live album. They released their latest album "AB III" which has received critical acclaim among critics.

Alter Bridge has been influenced by bands such as Led Zeppelin, Rush, and Tool. Alter Bridge's vocalist, Myles Kennedy is also known for his work with Slash. He is currently touring with Slash as the lead singer of his band. As of January 2011, Alter Bridge's most successful song is "Isolation" from their album "AB III". WWE Hall of Famer Edge used their song "Metalingus" as his theme song from November 1, 2001 to April 23, 2012. The band also appeared on WWE Raw during a backstage segment with Edge in 2005.




Manila Sound

Manila Sound is a type of music that started in Manila, Philippines, from the last years of the 1960s to the middle of the 1970s. It is commonly known as the "bright side" of the time of President Ferdinand Marcos because of its cheerful words and was often used in protest to his dictatorship. 

This music type has affected all modern music types in the country as the beginner of Original Pilipino Music (OPM).

Manila Sound was made famous by a folk rock band called Hotdog. Their songs: ""Ikaw Ang Miss Universe Ng Buhay Ko"" (or "You Are the Miss Universe Of My Life"), ""'Manila'"", and ""Beh Buti Nga""; had catchy melody phrases common to the music type. Later, the singer-songwriter, Freddy Aguilar, used the music type with his music to express the suffering of the people. His song, "Bayan Ko", was popular in protests.

The music type is a mix of Filipino folk music and rock music added with some funk, light jazz, and disco, and is sung in both Tagalog and English languages.

The lyrics are childlike and often humorous caused by the disco fever in that period and in contrast to the oppression by Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos. It is sometimes described as "the marshmallow sound".




Imelda Marcos

Imelda Marcos (born Imelda Remedios Visitacion Romualdez on July 2, 1929) is a Filipino government person and widow of 10th Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos. Her nicknames are "Steel Butterfly" and "Iron Butterfly". Her son, Bongbong Marcos, is the President of the Philippines since 2022.

She is remembered both for her husband's presidential time, and because of her collection of 1,060 pairs of shoes. In 2001, Imelda opened the Marikina City Footwear Museum in the shoe-making district of Manila. The museum includes hundreds of her own shoes.

On 9 November 2018, Marcos was convicted and sentenced to 77 years in prison on corruption charges in a court proceeding that lasted twenty-seven years.

More than five years after her husband became president, he stopped elections and gained more control. He stopped all that challenged him by scaring them. Imelda also gained power and became a government person up to 1986 when her husband's president time ended after the people removed him from power using peaceful actions.

They went to Hawaii and her husband died there. Imelda came back five years later to try to become president but lost. Later, she tried other government jobs and won in two areas as a member representing them in the Philippines law-making building. Imelda has represented three areas (Manila, Leyte, Ilocos Norte) in the Philippines law-making building.

Liver failure

Liver failure or Hepatic failure is when the liver is no longer able to work. Things the liver does include making proteins. Liver failure can either be acute or chronic.


Goodbye Lullaby

Goodbye Lullaby is the fourth studio album by Canadian Avril Lavigne. It was released on March 2, 2011 through RCA Records. Her first single off the album was "What the Hell" which was released on January 10, 2011. The second single, "Smile", was released on April 11, 2011. The album is a lot more personal and softer than her three previous albums, "Let Go", "Under My Skin" and "The Best Damn Thing".

Battle of Fort Blair

The Battle of Fort Blair (also known as the Battle of Fort Baxter) was a Civil War battle. It was fought in Cherokee County, Kansas, on October 6, 1863. The Union lost 103 peoples, while the Confederate States of America only lost three.

Olivenza

Olivença (Spanish: Olivenza) is a territory disputed by Portugal and Spain. The territory was under Portuguese rule between 1297 (Treaty of Alcañices) and 1801. Then, it was occupied and ruled by Spain. After the Napoleonic Wars, Spain promised to give Olivença back to Portugal. It still has not done this to this day.

Portugal does not recognize the Spanish rule of the Olivença/Olivenza territory. Therefore, the border between Portugal and Spain in the Olivença/Olivenza region has never been defined.

Olivença/Olivenza territory is 750 Km2 in area. 

Besides the town, the territory of Olivença/Olivenza includes seven villages:


Lamprey

Lampreys are jawless fish, whose adults are characterized by a toothed, funnel-like, sucking mouth. Lampreys belong to the order Petromyzontiformes. They live in coastal and fresh waters, and are found in temperate regions around the world. 

Lampreys are eel-like, scaleless animals. They range from about 15 to 100 centimetres (6 to 40 inches) long. They have well-developed eyes, one or two dorsal fins, a tail fin, a single nostril on top of the head, and seven gill openings on each side of the body. Like the hagfish, they lack bones, jaws, and paired fins. The skeleton of a lamprey consists of cartilage; the mouth is a round, sucking hole with horny teeth.

Nat Turner

Nathaniel "Nat" Turner (October 2, 1800 – November 11, 1831) was an American slave and Christian preacher.

He believed God gave him visions. When he was 21 years old, Nat Turner escaped from his master Samuel Turner following in his father's footsteps and hid in the woods. 30 days later he had a vision telling him to "return”. Turner thought an eclipse in February 1831 was a sign from God to plan a slave rebellion. The rebellion happened in Southampton County, Virginia on August 21, 1831. He wasn’t that far from the North Carolina border. Seventy black people took part. Some of these people were free, and others were slaves. After Turner and his fellow slaves killed his master and his family, they took their horses, firearms, hatchets and knives; and continued on with their liberation. 

The Governor had scheduled about three thousand militiamen to stop the rebellion. The violent rebellion lasted two days until soldiers finally ended it, but Turner escaped. He hid for 6 weeks to avoid being killed. He was found on October 30. Turner was executed on November 11 by hanging. He was skinned. At least 55 white people were killed in the rebellion. The state executed 55 people, but acquitted a few. 200 black people were killed by groups of white people. Slaves as far away as North Carolina were said to be connected with the rebellion. Many were tried and executed. Because of the rebellion, new laws were made in Virginia. People could not bring black people together to teach them how to read and write. Nat Turner was an American Hero

Royal Rumble (2011)

Royal Rumble (2011) was the twenty-fourth annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on January 30, 2011 at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. As always, the Royal Rumble match winner, Alberto Del Rio got a main event match at WrestleMania XXVII for his choice at either the WWE Championship or the World Heavyweight Championship.

Six professional wrestling matches were on the event's supercard, a scheduling of more than one main event. The main event was the 40-man Royal Rumble match instead of the original 30-man match which featured wrestlers from both brands.

Red ██ and "Raw" indicates a "Raw" wrestler, blue ██ and "SD" indicates a "Smackdown" wrestler and gold ██ and "FA" indicates a free agent entrant. A new entrant came out every 90 seconds.

Princess Royal

Princess Royal is a title often given by the reigning British King or Queen to his or her eldest daughter. The title is a gift of the monarch, unlike Prince of Wales which is always given to the eldest son

There can only be one Princess Royal at a time, so Elizabeth II never held the title because her aunt, Princess Mary was already called Princess Royal.

The following is a full list of women officially called "Princess Royal":

Princess Louisa Maria (1692–1712), the last daughter of King James II (d. 1701), was born after he lost his crown in the Glorious Revolution. She was given the title of "Princess Royal" during James's exile at Saint-Germain-en-Laye and was so called by Jacobites, even though she was never even James's eldest living daughter.

Before Charles II in 1660 started using the title of Princess Royal, the eldest daughters of the King of England had a special status. The Magna Carta made the Barons to pay for the eldest daughter's wedding, and later sleeping with her was made High Treason, punishable by death - a law only changed in 1998 

Common Sense (pamphlet)

Common Sense is a pamphlet (short book) written by Thomas Paine. It was first published on January 10, 1776. Paine wrote the pamphlet to change the minds of people who wanted to peacefully settle their differences with the British government to fight for independence instead. 

The pamphlet said that the British government and other European monarchies were tyrannical, meaning they did not acknowledge the rights of people. Paine called the pamphlet "Common Sense" because he wrote that it was against common sense for an island to rule a larger nation. Therefore, the colonies should overthrow the British government.

The pamphlet was one of the bestselling works of the 18th century in America. Thomas Paine wrote in a style that was easy for most people to understand, instead of the hard to understand writing common in the Enlightenment Era. He also referenced the Bible and used idioms that many of the Protestant colonists understood.

The document was an important part of the American Revolutionary War. It lead to the Declaration of Independence, which the Second Continental Congress wrote and signed into law later that year. "Common Sense" helped by creating mass support.
and it was published in 1776

Jeopardy!

Jeopardy! is an American television game show created by Merv Griffin. The show first appeared on ABC, where it was hosted by Art Fleming from March 30, 1964 to January 3, 1975 and again from October 2, 1978 to March 2, 1979. Beginning Sony Pictures Television on September 10, 1984 and continuing into the present, the show is in syndicated format and was hosted by Alex Trebek from 1984 until his death in 2020. Versions of the show have been made in many foreign countries throughout the world. The current host of the show is Ken Jennings. Mayim Bialik co-hosted alongside Jennings from 2021 to 2023.

Since the syndicated version premiered, the show has won the most Emmy Awards of any game show on daytime television. In 2001 & 2012, "TV Guide" named it the second-best game show of all time. The 38th season of the syndicated version premiered on September 13, 2021. and New Season 40 on 2023-2024

Unlike regular trivia games, the questions are given as clues, and players come up with questions as an answer. For example, a clue would be "one of our Founding Fathers, he was our first president", and the correct response would be "who is George Washington?". The game of "Jeopardy!" consists of three rounds: the Jeopardy! round, the Double Jeopardy! round, and the Final Jeopardy! round. In the Jeopardy! round, there are six categories with five clues in each, each worth between $200 to $1,000. One of the clues is a Daily Double, in which a contestant may wager up to $1,000 or the amount of his or her cash winnings, depending on which is more. The Double Jeopardy! round is like the Jeopardy! round, but the clues are worth double the amount. In this round there are two Daily Doubles instead of one. The Final Jeopardy! round is made up of just one category and one clue. Only players with more than $0 after the Double Jeopardy! round may play the Final Jeopardy! round. During the commercial break, players write their wagers based on their knowledge of the given category. After the commercial break, the host reads the clue. The players have 30 seconds to write their answers, again in the form of a question. During this time the lights dim, and the "Think!" theme plays in the background. The player with the most money at the end of the game keeps his or her winnings and comes back to the next show. Second-place players get a $2,000 cash prize, and third place players get a $1,000 cash prize.

Brad Rutter is the biggest money winner on the show, having won $4,688,436 in five regular episodes and several tournaments. Ken Jennings won 74 games, which is the longest winning streak. James Holzhauer holds the top sixteen spots for the highest winnings in a single game in regular play.

Since the show started in 1964, there were various songs and arrangements that were used as the show's main theme. Most of these were composed by Merv Griffin. The best known theme song is "Think!". It has served as the countdown music for the Final Jeopardy! round since 1964.

Between 1964 and 1975, a jazz tune called "Take Ten", composed by Julian Griffin, served as the main theme. When the series was revived in 1978, "January, February, March" served as the opening theme, and "Frisco Disco" served as the closing theme, both of which were composed by Merv Griffin himself. "January, February, March" was also used in the first pilot of the syndicated version.

Beginning with the Alex Trebek hosted syndicated version in September 1984, a rendition of "Think!" served as the show's main theme. The original version of the main theme consisted of saxophones and synthesizers along with the original recording of "Think!" retained for the final segment. A swooshing sound effect was added during the show's introduction.

In 1992, the main theme was remixed to include congas. It was used for tournaments in Season 8, and then it was put permanently into use in Season 9. In 1997, both the main theme and "Think!" music were rearranged by Steve Kaplan. They both involved a more piano-driven, orchestral, jazzy sound. In 2001, the 1997 theme was rearranged, and its tempo increased. In 2008, Chris Bell Music & Sound Design overhauled the "Jeopardy!" music package for the show’s 25th anniversary season. And in 2021, Bleeding Fingers Music rearranged the 2008 theme.

Like the theme music, the "Jeopardy!" set changed over the years. The original game board was exposed behind a curtain. The clues were printed on clue cards, which were shown as a player asked for a certain clue and its value. In 1978, the cards were dropped in favor of flipping panels which had the dollar value on one side and the clue on the other. Also, the curtain was changed to double-slide panels. When the show came back in 1984, the game board was changed again. This time it was made up of 30 television screens for each clue in the categories. In 1991, the original screens were changed to larger screens. In 2006, the screens were changed to a projection video wall. Then in 2009, the video wall was changed to 36 HD flat-panel screens.

Other changes to the set have been made since the start of the syndicated version. Starting in 1985 and continuing until 1997, the sets were designed to have a blue background for the Jeopardy! round and a red background for the Double Jeopardy! and Final Jeopardy! rounds; however, starting in 2005 and continuing into the present, the background color changes to red when the lights dim during Final Jeopardy! In November 1996, two months after the start of Season 13, a new set designed by Naomi Slodki was brought in. In November 2002, another new set designed by Slodki was brought in. This set was slightly changed in 2006 when "Jeopardy!" started airing in high-definition.

A new set came out with the Tournament of Champions and Celebrity Jeopardy! taped in 2009 at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. It became the main set at the start of Season 26 in 2009. Another new set was brought in at the start of Season 30 in 2013. It was slightly modified in 2020 to accommodate health measures due to the COVID-19 pandemic.


Alexander Calder

Alexander Calder (July, 22,1898 – November 11, 1976) was an American sculptor. He lived in Philadelphia, in the United States. He invented the mobile. Mobiles are a kind of sculpture where the pieces are moved by motors or the wind. Mobiles are a kind of kinetic sculpture. He also made sculptures that did not move that were called "stabiles."

Electron affinity

Electron affinity is a phrase used in chemistry. When an atom that is neutral gets an electron, the energy that is changed in the atom is the electron affinity. Across a period, the electron affinity increases. 

Oleg Tverdovsky

Oleh Fedorovych "Oleg" Tverdovsky (; born May 18, 1976), was a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey defenceman that played for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He also played for the Los Angeles Kings, Carolina Hurricanes, New Jersey Devils, Phoenix Coyotes, Winnipeg Jets, and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in the National Hockey League (NHL).


Played for Russia in:


Anton Babchuk

Anton Anatoliiovych Babchuk (; born May 6, 1984) is a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Originally from Kiev, Ukraine, Babchuk began playing hockey at the age of three. He began his training with the Sokil Kyiv junior hockey affiliate, a team which included fellow future Ukrainian NHLer Nikolai Zherdev. While participating in an overseas peewee tournament in Quebec, Canada, Babchuk's team found itself competing against a team from Elektrostal, Russia. The rival team's coach, Ravil Iskakhov, took note of both Babchuk and Zherdev, and invited the pair to further their development with the Elemash Elektrostal hockey club of the Russian Major League, to which they accepted together.

He was drafted into the National Hockey League (NHL) 21st overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2002 Entry Draft. Babchuk made his North American debut with the Blackhawks affiliate, the Norfolk Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL), in the 2003–04 season. Babchuk also made his NHL debut by seasons end, appearing in five games with the Blackhawks.

In the 2005–06 season, Babchuk was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes for Danny Richmond on January 20, 2006. Babchuk scored his first goal for the Hurricanes on January 28, 2006. He was also named second star of the game. Babchuk played in 22 games with the Hurricanes for the season and was a part of the extended squad of the Hurricanes as they became the Stanley Cup Champions.

In the 2006–07 season, on February 6, 2007, the Hurricanes activated František Kaberle from injury, forcing them to send Babchuk down to the Albany River Rats. Babchuk was the only possible defenceman they could send down because he was the only one on the Hurricanes' roster that was not subject to waiver wire claims. The next day, Carolina announced that they had suspended Babchuk because of his refusal to report to Albany. In 2007–08, Babchuk played in the Russian Superleague (RSL) for Avangard Omsk.

On July 1, 2008, Babchuk re-signed with the Hurricanes to a one-year contract for the 2008–09 season. He led all Hurricanes' defensemen with 16 goals in 72 games. Following a contract dispute that lead to him requesting a trade out of Carolina, Babchuk turned back to Russia on 19 September 2009, re-signing with Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) club Avangard Omsk. During the very first training day in Omsk, he broke the ice rink glass with a shot at Arena Omsk.
Babchuk was chosen to play on Team Yashin at the 2nd Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game.

On July 1, 2010, Babchuk again re-signed with the Carolina Hurricanes to a one-year contract for the 2010-2011 season. This contract was worth 1.4 million US dollars.

On November 17, 2010, Babchuk was traded along with Tom Kostopoulos to the Calgary Flames for Ian White and Brett Sutter.

Played for Russia in:

Charlie Sheen

Carlos Irwin Estévez (born September 3, 1965), known professionally by his stage name Charlie Sheen, is an American actor in movies and television. He starred in television show "Two and a Half Men". Sheen had a cameo appearance in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off". In 2010, Sheen was the highest paid actor on television and earned US$1.8 million per episode of "Two and a Half Men".

Sheen has been married three times. He has five children. His first daughter, Cassandra Jade Estevez, was born on December 12, 1984. Her mother is his former high school girlfriend, Paula Profit.

In January 1990, Sheen accidentally shot his fiancee, Kelly Preston, in the arm. She broke off the engagement soon after.

In the 1990s, Sheen dated a number of adult movie actresses, including Ginger Lynn and Heather Hunter.

On September 3, 1995, Sheen married Donna Peele. That same year, Sheen was named as one of the clients of an escort agency run by Heidi Fleiss. Sheen and Peele divorced in 1996.

On June 15, 2002, Sheen married actress Denise Richards. They have two daughters, Sam and Lola Sheen. In March 2005, Richards filed for divorce. She accused Sheen of alcohol and drug abuse and threats of violence. 

On May 30, 2008, Sheen married Brooke Mueller. She later gave birth to their twin sons, Bob and Max. In November 2010, Sheen filed for divorce. On March 1, 2011, police removed Bob and Max from Sheen's home. 

On March 1, 2011, Sheen was living with two women, pornographic actress Rachel Oberlin and model and graphic designer Natalie Kenly. He called them his "goddesses". Oberlin left Sheen in April 2011. Kenly left in June 2011.

On May 20, 1998, Sheen was overdosed while using cocaine. He was hospitalized. Sheen was already on probation in California for a previous drug offense. His probation was extended for an extra year. He entered a rehab clinic. In a 2004 interview, Sheen said that the overdose was caused by his experimentation with injecting cocaine.

On December 25, 2009, Sheen was arrested for assaulting his wife, Brooke Mueller in Aspen, Colorado. He was released the same day from jail after posting an $8,500 bond. Sheen was sentenced to 30 days in a drug rehab center, 30 days of probation, and 36 hours of anger management.

On October 26, 2010, the police removed Sheen from his suite at the Plaza Hotel after he reportedly caused $7,000 in damage. According to the NYPD, Sheen said he was drinking and using cocaine on that night. He was released after entering a hospital for observation.

On November 16, 2015, it was revealed that Sheen would make a formal announcement through a television interview that he is officially HIV-positive. He said he was diagnosed four years earlier.


Jacobite succession

The Stuarts who claimed the thrones of England, Scotland, Ireland and France after the Glorious Revolution of 1688 were: 
When Henry died, the succession passed to a different house, and none of the Jacobite heirs since has claimed the thrones of England or Scotland or put the arms of England and Scotland in their coats-of-arms.

Charles Emmanuel IV of Sardinia was a descendant of Charles I through his youngest daughter Henrietta Anne. Her daughter Anne Marie of Orléans married Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia, and Charles IV was great-grandson of Queen Anne Marie in the male line.

The heir presumptive of Franz, Duke of Bavaria, is his younger brother

Geography of Taiwan

Taiwan is a medium-sized chain of islands in East Asia at 23°30" N, 121°00" E . It runs through the Tropic of Cancer. Also known as Formosa, it makes up most of the territories of the Republic of China (commonly known as Taiwan).
The island of Formosa (or Taiwan) was formed about 4.5 million years ago from a Geosyncline. It is part of an island arc. It was formed when the Eurasian Plate slid under an old chain of volcanic islands in the Philippine Mobile Belt. At the northern end of the island, the Philippine Mobile Belt sank under the Eurasian Plate.
The main island makes up 99% of the Republic of China. The other 1% is made up of smaller islands like Orchard Island and the Penghu Islands, along with far smaller islands. The chain is separated from mainland China by the Taiwan Strait which is 220 kilometers long.

The climate on the island is mostly ocean-like and changes very widely. The south end of the island is humid (very watery) During the summer, typhoons are very common. Most of the time, there are four each year. 

The terrain of the island changes a lot. In the west, plains and grasslands are common. 90% of the population lives in the west. The highest point on Formosa is Jade Mountain at 3951.798 meters tall in the year 2003. 

In the east of the island is mountainous terrain with thick forests and endemic (native-only) types of plants and animals such as the Formasan Black Bear and the Formosan Cypress. Many of these species are now endangered or extinct. 

There are many mountain ranges on the island of Formosa. 

The few natural resources are gold, copper, coal, natural gas, limestone, marble, and asbestos. The island is 55% forest, 24% farmable lands, 15% miscellaneous, 5% pastures, and 1% crops. 

Earthquakes are the main natural hazards (problems). More than 2,000 people have died from earthquakes. The main environmental problems are air pollution and water pollution. 

Chevrolet Suburban

The Chevrolet Suburban is a fully sized SUV from Chevrolet. This vehicle was first produced around 1935, longer than any other car still being made. It was first made as a station wagon, and was later made as an SUV. Up until the eleventh generation, the Chevrolet Suburban was based on the Chevrolet Silverado pick-up truck. For a number of years, the Suburban was the largest SUV made in America. There was also a GMC Suburban, although GMC's version was later rebranded the GMC Yukon XL in 2000. From 1998 to 2001 a right-hand drive version was made in Mexico and sold in Australia and New Zealand by Holden using the Suburban name, but was not a best seller and was withdrawn afterwards.

Since its inception, there has been twelve generations of Suburbans, the latest introduced in December 2020 and went on sale in May 2020 as a 2021 model.

House of Wittelsbach

The Wittelsbach family is a European royal family and a German dynasty from Bavaria. 

Members of the family were rulers of Bavaria, either as Dukes, Electors or Kings, from 1180 until the revolution in 1918, after the defeat of Germany in World War I.

Other land, controlled by other branches of the family include

Wittelsbachs also ruled as

Dodge Caravan

The Dodge Caravan, otherwise referred to as the Dodge Grand Caravan for the larger sized version, was an American minivan manufactured by FCA US, LLC. and sold by Dodge. The Caravan was introduced around 1983, and the Grand Caravan was introduced around 1987. The original Caravan was dropped after the 2007 model year and replaced by the Dodge Journey. The Grand Caravan has been redesigned many times through the years. Chrysler announced that 2015 would be the last model year for the Grand Caravan, as part of the plan to refocus Dodge as a performance brand. However, the Grand Caravan made a come for a later successor, until 2020.

Conversion van

The conversion van is a full-sized cargo van. The vans are sent to third party companies and then outfitted with luxuries for road trips and camping. They are available in high topped or in low topped versions, as office vans, travel vans and disability vans. Conversion vans began coming into style during the 1970s and 1980s. Early conversion vans were simply vans which had seats inserted in them.

Quinoa

Quinoa ("Chenopodium quinoa"; ( or , from Quechua ' or ') is a species of goosefoot ("Chenopodium"). It is a grain-like crop grown primarily for its edible seeds. 

Quinoa is not a real cereal, or grain, but more of a vegetable, as it is not a member of the grass family. As a chenopod, quinoa is closely related to species such as beets, spinach, and tumbleweeds. Its leaves are also eaten as a leaf vegetable, much like amaranth. Quinoa greens are not widely available for purchase. Quinoa gives high quality protein and other nutrients. It has been called a 'superfood'.

https://www.nasimahealth.com/is-quinoa-keto/ 

Chenopodioideae

The Chenopodioideae is a subfamily of flowering plants are family Amaranthaceae, formerly treated as a distinct family Chenopodiaceae and comprising all of the genera formerly included in this family except for those transferred to the subfamilies Salicornioideae and Salsoloideae. The precise circumscription of the subfamily is still uncertain, with research continuing; significant changes may occur to the genera included.

The subfamily as currently circumscribed has a cosmopolitan distribution, with about 1,400 species accepted. It is a particularly significant component of the vegetation of the arid region that extends from north Africa to central Asia.

Kathy Griffin

Kathleen Mary "Kathy" Griffin (born November 4, 1960) is an American actress, stand-up comedian and television writer and producer. She is also an LGBT rights advocate. She hosted her own talk show, "Kathy". From 2007 until 2016, she presented the New Year's Eve celebrations from New York City for CNN along with Anderson Cooper.

Griffin was born on November 4, 1960, in Oak Park, Illinois. Her parents are John and Margaret Griffin. She was raised in an Irish American, Roman Catholic household. The youngest child in her family, she has three older brothers and one older sister.

Griffin has cited comediennes such as Joan Rivers and Phyllis Diller as influences throughout her career.

Griffin is a Grammy Award and Emmy Award-winning comedienne. She is known for shows such as "My Life on the D-List". She holds a Guinness World Record for the most comedy TV specials.

As Executive Producer and star of the series, Kathy Griffin accepted the Emmy won by the show. Her remarks upon receiving the award were: “Now, look, a lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn’t help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Millan would be up here with that damn dog. So all I can say is suck it Jesus, this award is my God now”:
On May 30, 2017, Griffin was pictured holding a false head in the image of President American Donald Trump that was covered in blood. Because of this, she lost several sponsorship deals and was fired from CNN's New Year's Eve program. Well-known photographer Tyler Shields was in charge of the photo shoot.

In August 2021, Griffin announced that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer and needed to have half of her left lung removed.

Juliette Lewis

Juliette Lewis (born June 21, 1973) is an American actress and singer. She gained fame for her role in the 1991 thriller "Cape Fear". She was nominated for both an Academy Award and Golden Globe. This followed with major roles in "What's Eating Gilbert Grape", "Natural Born Killers", "The Evening Star", and "From Dusk Till Dawn". Her work in television has earned her two Emmy nominations.

She was the lead singer of rock band "Juliette and the Licks". Her father was actor Geoffrey Lewis.


Central Visayas

Central Visayas, designated as Region VII, is a region of the Philippines. It is in the central part of the Visayas island group. It consists of four provinces–Bohol, Cebu, Negros Oriental, and Siquijor– and the highly urbanized cities of Cebu City, Lapu-Lapu City, and Mandaue. The region is dominated by the native speakers of Cebuano. Cebu City is its regional center.

The land area of the region is 15,875 km². As of the 2010 census, 6,800,180 people lived there. Only three of the country's 17 regions had more people.

The Central Visayas region is composed of 4 provinces and 3 independent cities:

Although Cebu City, Mandaue, and Lapu-Lapu City are often grouped under the province of Cebu for statistical purposes by the National Statistics Office, as highly urbanized cities they are administratively independent from the province.


Surrounded by Region VIII (Eastern Visayas), Central Visayas does not get many typhoons. Region VII has a weather of cloudy skies with scattered rains. Central Visayas has 80-90% humidity. The dry season is from April-May wet during the rest of the year.

As of the 2010 census, Central Visayas had a population of 6,800,180 people. At the 2007 census, the population was 6,398,628 with a population density of 403.1 people per square kilometer (6,129.4/mi²). The 2007 census showed an average annual population growth rate of 1.59% from 2000 to 2007, significantly less than the national average of 2.04%.

Cebuano is the dominant language of the region. In Bohol, Cebuano is referred to as Boholano. In the Camotes Islands, which is part of Cebu, Cebuano language is spoken in the towns of Tudela, Pilar and San Francisco. Except the town of Poro, in which, Porohanon is spoken (a variation or mixture of Cebuano, Hiligaynon (Ilonggo) and Masbateño language).

The Port of Cebu is the region's main gateway. There are also ports in Dumaguete City in Negros Oriental, Tagbilaran in Bohol and Larena in Siquijor. Inter-island shipping is served by numerous shipping lines, two of them fastcraft companies which serve all the provinces in the region.

The Mactan-Cebu International Airport, in Lapu-Lapu City, is the country's second busiest airport (after Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Metro Manila) and the only airports in the Visayas serving international flights. It is an airline hub of Cebu Pacific, Philippine Airlines, PAL Express, and Air Philippines, with flights to key cities throughout the country. It also serves international flights to other Asian destinations.

Other airports in the region are Sibulan Airport, serving Dumaguete City and Negros Oriental with flights to Manila and Cebu, and Tagbilaran Airport, serving Tagbilaran City and Bohol with flights to Manila.


Mandaue

Mandaue City is a city in the province of Cebu in the Philippines. It is one of the three urbanized cities in the island and forms a part of the Cebu Metropolitan area. Mandaue City is on the middle eastern coastal region of Cebu, bordering to its right-side are Mactan Island where Lapu-Lapu City is. Mandaue is connected to Mactan Island via two bridges which includes the Mactan-Cebu Bridge and Marcelo Fernan Bridge And is bounded south and the west by the Provincial Capital, Cebu City and north by Consolacion which is linked with Cansaga Bay Bridge. The city has an area of about 34.87 square kilometres and has a total population of about 337,320 people.

A community was established in Mandaue by a flourishing group of Indonesian, Malayan and Chinese merchants. The Venetian chronicler Antonio Pigafetta wrote a settlement called Mandani existed in the area with a chieftain who was named Aponoan then a few decades later another ruler named Lambusan. Mandaue was established as a mission village (which included present day Consolacion, Liloan and Poro) in 1638 by Jesuit then a century later by the Recollects. The Philippine revolution in 1898 gave the town a new form of administration in accordance with the organic decree of the Central Revolutionary Government. The short lived revolution was overthrown by the American Troops and a battle nearly destroys the town on 1901.
Mandaue was Independent from being an American Commonwealth and a Japanese Garrison on July 4, 1946 along with the entire nation. Mandaue became a chartered city in June 21, 1969 by Mayor Demetrio Cortes Sr. The city was recognized as a HUC (Highly Urban City) on 1991.

Mandaue City is part of the Sixth District of Cebu joined with the municipalities of Consolacion and Cordova. Although qualified for a lone district in 1991 this was neglected by Lawmakers. Mandaue is under the province of Cebu but because it is a Highly Urbanized City it is not under authority to the provincial government and Mandaue is politically subdivided into 27 barangays. The barangay is further divided to a sitio.

Mandaue is divided into 27 administrative villages called barangays.


The city has a total land area of 3,487 hectares or 34.87 square kilometres. Every square kilometre is inhabited by more or less 8,112 people. Land utilization is summarized as follows:
The city is the 6th smallest government unit in terms of land area; among the Metro Cebu local government units the city is the second smallest next to the municipality of Cordova in the island of Mactan. The city’s land area is only 4.5% of the total land area of Metro Cebu and less than 1% of the total land area of the Province of Cebu.

The on-going North Reclamation Project, now known as the North Special Administrative Zone, currently has about 180 hectares reclaimed land. Of the 180 hectares, about 36 hectares belong to the city. The existing mangrove area will be retained as a Marine habitat, part of the area's parks and open spaces.

It is one of the two (the other one being the municipality of Consolacion) local government units located within the mainland Metro Cebu where the elevation of land is less than 100 metres.

Many of the areas of the city are extremely flat. About 77.37% is within the 0-8% slope category. Barangays belonging to this region are Centro, Looc, South Special Administrative Zone, Cambaro, Opao, Umapad, Paknaan, Alang-alang, Tipolo, Ibabao, Guizo, Subangdaku, Mantuyong, Maguikay and Tabok. The greater portion of the city, comprising about 70%, is dominated by the Mandaue Clay Loam soil series. This is in the 0-2% and 2-5% slope ranges. Faraon clay loam characterizes the rest of the land with slope range from 5-8% and up to 25-40%.

Oldest accounts of Mandaue's population was written in Bosetta and Bravo's Diccionario between 1637 to 1638 was 11,034. During the first year of its township in 1899, Mandaue had 42 barrios and with a population of 21,086. When Mandaue was a second class municipality in 1964 she had a population of 33,811.
According to the August 2009 Philippine census, Mandaue City has a population of about 337,320 people. This figure is up by 77,592 from 259,728 persons recorded in the May 2000 census. Mandaue has a significantly large population which is in and below the poverty line.

Mandaue Fiesta:Celebrated on May 8 in honor of the patron St. Joseph. There are a lot of events that occur in this feast like the Miss Mandaue, Mr. Mandaue, Inter-Barangay Sports Competition, Queen Prince and Prices Coronation or QPP, Rodeos, Mantawi Festival, Bailes, Fairs and many more. This is an evident reminder of the Philippines Hispanic influences.

Translacion: (Gathering of the Holy Family) which coincidentally the patrons of Cebu are the Santo Niño and Birhin sa Guadelupe, Saint Joseph in Mandaue City. This is celebrated every January when the three statues meet in The National Shrine of Saint Joseph often called the Translacion where a Fluvial Mass follows after. There are singing and dancing competitions and street dancing that happen during the Bibingkahan in honor of the Sto. Niño.

Comparsa sa Mandaue : A theater dance competition that showcases Mandaue's rich cultural heritage celebrated on August.

Mantawi Festival : Is an event where tribal dances are accompanied by different beats and is played by a brass instead of the usual drum and trumpet Mantawi Festival is on every May 7.

Miss Mandaue: A beauty pageant, that searches for a young woman who will serve as an ambassadress of goodwill and represent the people of Mandaue City in various functions and gatherings in the community...

Kabayo festival:
The Kabayo festival is a horse racing event held annually in the second week of February.

Pasigarbo sa Sugbo:
It is an event that is held annually in Mandaue City, Cebu International Convention Center every August 14 which shows Cebu’s culture and different festivals,
it is a fiesta of colorful costumes and elaborate props as dancers from 32 towns and cities from all over Cebu compete which ends with a grand fireworks display.

Mandaue City's road network is composed of a national highway which connects the city to its neighboring cities and municipalities, a national secondary road which traverses the City's metropolitan area. The total length of the city road network (paved and unpaved) and the four bridges, is about , broken down into:


Road density is 3.83 km per km of land. In terms of population, road density is about 0.52 km per every 1000 people.

Land transportation is being served by PUJ, Utility Vehicles, mini-buses, multi-cabs, tricycles and trisikads. For cargo, trucks and vans are used. Transport by water uses the Port of Cebu and Cebu International Port. Air transport is through the Mactan-Cebu International Airport. It has direct international flights to Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, China, Palau, Malaysia, Taiwan, Qatar, South Korea and many major cities in the Philippines.

Schools in Mandaue City follow a system of 6 years for primary education and 4 years for secondary education.

22 public day care centres

26 Public Schools

27 public high schools





Mandaue has dining restaurants which cater gourmets and international cuisines like Italian, Japanese, Korean, Mexican, Vietnamese, Indian and other cuisines. A variety of restaurants also serves meals of local cuisine.

Many famous Cebuano meals like the Lechon or Inasal is a pride of Cebu being crowned as the best roasted pig in the world, it is eaten with Achara or pickled vegetables. The Sugba or Barbecue is either Isda(fish), Baboy (pork), Manok (chicken) or Baka (beef) is found in any joints in Mandaue eaten with the Puso a diamond shaped hangged rice covered in coco leaves. Kinilaw is raw meat usually pork or fish drenched in vinegar and salt. The Buwad or dried seafood is very smelly but it is crunchy and chewy. There are some exotic meals you can find like the Dinugoan or pig's blood is a eaten like the soup. Barbecued Chicken feet are liked by many locals. + Original cuisine in Mandaue includes the "Bibingka" which is steamed rice cakes mixed with coconut and sometimes egg. 







Candida

Candida is a genus or grouping of yeasts. Yeasts are a type of fungus. This group of fungi are the most common cause of fungus infections in the world. Most people have or are exposed to this group of fungus but are not sick. If a person is weak because of another illness, this fungus can cause disease. "Candida albicans" is the most common kind of Candida. Infection with this fungus is called candidiasis or thrush. Other species in this group can be found in the human gut.

People can get a blood infection from this fungus.

Medicines called antibiotics do not cure yeast infections. In fact, an antibiotic can make a Candida infection worse. Women can get a Candida infection in their vagina. Men can also get a Candida infection in their genital area. If a person takes antibiotics for a long time, they have a greater chance of having a Candida infection. People with diabetes or HIV are more likely to get a yeast infection.

This fungus can be grown in a lab. "Candida" looks like large, round, white or cream circles that smell like bread. "Candida" can be found on almost all healthy skin. Dry skin has less fungus. Small numbers of this fungus are found in other areas of the body. These are the nose, throat and lungs; the digestive system and the vagina. This is normal.

When this fungus causes disease in the mouth it is called thrush (oropharyngeal candidiasis). When this fungus causes disease in the female reproductive organs it is called vaginal candidiasis or just 'yeast infection'. Thrush is common in people who wear dentures.

In people without other illness, a candida infection can be cured with skin ointment or medicine that can be swallowed. Skin medications can be bought over-the-counter without a doctor's prescription. In people who are already sick, candidiasis can become a very serious illness. It can cause abscess, thrombophlebitis, heart infection (endocarditis. It can cause infections of the eyes or other organs. Candida infection can get into the body through cuts in the skin.

Other medically important "Candida" species are "C. parapsilosis", "C. tropicalis", and "C. dubliniensis".

Charles Edward Stuart

Charles Edward Stuart (Prince Charles Edward Louis Philip Casimir Stuart, 31 December 1720 - 31 January 1788; better known as Bonnie Prince Charlie or as 'The Young Pretender') was the Jacobite pretender to the thrones of England, Scotland, and Ireland. This claim was as the eldest son of James Francis Edward Stuart ('The Old Pretender') who was the son of James II and VII.

Charles is perhaps best known as the leading the unsuccessful Jacobite uprising of 1745. He led a rebellion which ended in a heavy defeat at the Battle of Culloden. That ended the Jacobite cause. Charles's escape from Scotland after the uprising made him a romantic figure of heroic failure. The "Skye Boat Song" remembers him.

He lived, and died, in Rome, where his father had been given a home by Clement XI.

Henry Benedict Stuart

Henry Benedict Maria Clement Thomas Francis Xavier Stuart (11 March 1725 - 13 July 1807) was a Roman Catholic Cardinal, as well as the fourth and final Jacobite heir to publicly claim the thrones of England, Scotland, and Ireland. Unlike his father, James Francis Edward Stuart, and brother, Charles Edward Stuart, Henry made no effort to seize the throne. After Charles's death in January 1788 the Pope did not recognise Henry as the lawful ruler of England, Scotland and Ireland, but referred to him as the Cardinal Duke of York.

He spent his life in the Papal States and had a long career in the clergy of the Roman Catholic Church, rising to become the Dean of the College of Cardinals and Cardinal-Bishop of Ostia and Velletri. At the time of his death he was (and still is) one of the longest serving Cardinals in the Church's history.

When he was young, Henry's father made him Duke of York (in the Jacobite peerage), and that was how he was best known. Upon the death of his brother in 1788 Henry became known by Jacobites, and within his personal entourage, as Henry IX of England, although publicly he referred to himself as Cardinal-Duke of York "nuncupatus".

Henry was born in exile at Rome on 6 March 1725 and baptized on the same day by Pope Benedict XIII, 37 years after his grandfather James II and VII lost the throne, and ten years after his father's failed attempt to regain it. His father was James Francis Edward Stuart, known to his opponents as "the Old Pretender". His mother was the Princess Maria Klementyna Sobieska, granddaughter of the Polish King, John III Sobieski.

Henry went to France in 1745 to help his brother, Prince Charles Edward Stuart ("Bonnie Prince Charlie", or "the Young Pretender") prepare the Jacobite campaign of that year. After its defeat, Henry Stuart returned to Italy. On 30 June 1747 Pope Benedict XIV conferred him with tonsure and created him Cardinal-Deacon of "S. Maria in Portico" in special consistory held on the 3 July 1747. On 27 August 1747 he was promoted to the four minor orders by the Pope. He received the subdiaconate on 18 August 1748 and diaconate on 25 August 1748. He was ordained priest on 1 September 1748 and consecrated titular Archbishop of Corinth on 2 October 1758.

He was made Cardinal Priest in 1748, and Cardinal-Bishop of Frascati on 13 July 1761. When he became the senior cardinal "Dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals" on 26 September 1803, he transferred to the See of Ostia and Velletri.

At one point Henry was very rich, 
At the time of the French Revolution, he lost the land and income he was given by the French king, and spent a lot of his money helping Pope Pius VI. This, in addition to the seizure of his Frascati property by the French, caused him to descend into poverty. The British Minister in Venice arranged for Henry to receive an annuity of £4,000 from King George III of Great Britain. Although the British government said this as an act of charity, Henry and the Jacobites called it to be a first installment on the money which was legally owed to him. (For many years the British government had promised to return the English dowry of his grandmother, Mary of Modena, but had never done so.)

Henry returned to Frascati in 1803. In September of that year he became the Dean of the College of Cardinals and hence Cardinal Bishop of Ostia and Velletri, though he still lived in the episcopal palace at Frascati. He died there on 13 July 1807, aged 82.

Henry was the last claimant to the English throne to touch for the King's Evil (see Royal Touch).

Under his will, which he signed as "Henry R", he was succeeded in all his claimed British rights by his friend and nearest blood-relative, Charles Emmanuel IV of Sardinia. But Charles never claimed or denied his Jacobite claims, nor have any of his successors to this day.

Contrary to popular belief, he did not leave the Crown Jewels to the Prince of Wales, afterwards George IV of the United Kingdom. All his property was entrusted to Monsignor Angelo Cesarini, for distribution. Cesarini sent the Prince of Wales several jewels from Henry's private collection. These included a "Lesser George" insignia (thought to have been worn by Charles I at his execution, and now at Windsor Castle) and a St Andrew's Cross (now at Edinburgh Castle), which is an insignia of the order of the Thistle, and also a ruby ring.

Henry Benedict, his brother, his father and his mother are buried in the crypt of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican. There is a monument to the Royal Stuarts designed by Antonio Canova in the basilica to their memory on one of the columns in the basilica proper. It was recently restored, paid for by Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother.

He was a cardinal elector in the papal conclaves of 1758, 1769, 1774-75 and 1799-1800.



Cam Plante

Cam Plante (born March 12, 1964 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted in the seventh round, 128th overall, by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft. He played two games in the National Hockey League with the Maple Leafs in the 1984–85 season.

Plante holds the Western Hockey League record for points in a season by a defenceman. He scored 140 points as a member of the Brandon Wheat Kings in the 1983–84 WHL season. He finished his playing career with the Wichita Thunder of the CHL, having returned to North America following four seasons on the United Kingdom. Most of that time was spent with the Peterborough Pirates, but also encompassed short spells with the Chelmsford Chieftains and Humberside Hawks. He is the father of current Florida Panthers prospect Tyler Plante and current Edmonton Oilers prospect Alex Plante.

Tyler Plante

Tyler Plante (born May 17, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently with the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League.

Tyler was drafted by the Florida Panthers in the second round, 32nd overall, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. Tyler gained NHL attention playing for the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League and earning the Jim Piggott Memorial Trophy as the top rookie of the WHL in the 2004–05 season. After three full seasons with the Wheat Kings Plante was signed by the Panthers to a three-year entry level contract on June 1, 2007. Since then, he has spent most of his playing time with the Florida Panthers AHL affiliate, the Rochester Americans.

He was recalled up to Florida for a pre-season game at the start of the 2008–09 NHL season, but did not get any playing time and started the season in Rochester. After a lackluster start with the Americans, he was demoted to the ECHL, and spent time with the Dayton Bombers. After spending over two months with the Bombers, he was called back up to Rochester, where he currently plays.

Plante was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and raised in Brandon, Manitoba. Plante was born in while his father Cam was a member of the Milwaukee Admirals. His brother Alex Plante was a first round draft pick of the Edmonton Oilers.

Sargon

Sargon may refer to different rulers. The name "Sargon" is what texts in the Bible use, the people were not known as "Sargon" in their native language: 

Urbi et Orbi

Urbi et Orbi ("to the City of Rome and to the World") was a standard opening of proclamations in Imperial Rome.

Now "Urbi et Orbi" refers to a papal address and Apostolic Blessing that is addressed to the City of Rome and to the entire world from the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican. Usually they are only given at Christmas and Easter, but also the first speech of a new pope is Urbi et Orbi, and sometimes one is given to special gatherings of pilgrims in Rome and during Holy Years

The blessing after the speech is given in Latin, and usually many other languages too. Catholics who listen to the blessing, either because they are present at the Vatican or because they are listening to the radio or television broadcasts, have their sins forgiven because the blessing includes a plenary indulgence.

Šarru-kên I

'
Šarru-kên I, also known as "Sargon I" was the 35th king of Assyria. He reigned from 1920 BC to 1881 BC (Middle chronology), or 1856 to 1817 BC (short chronology). He bears the name Sargon with reference to Sargon of Akkad. 

Quercus basaseachicensis

Quercus basaseachicensis is a kind of oak tree in the Fagaceae family. It is believed to be a cross of 
"Quercus rugosa" and "Quercus depressipes." It is native to Chihuahua and Durango in Mexico, where there are five known small populations; one in Durango and four in Chihuahua. 

Ringkøbing

Ringkøbing is a town in Ringkøbing-Skjern municipality in Region Midtjylland on the Jutland peninsula in west Denmark.

As of 1 January 2010, 9,850 people live in the town.

Archeologists believe that the town was started in the 13th century.

Bill Ranford

William Edward Ranford (born December 14, 1966 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender and is the current goaltending coach for the Los Angeles Kings. He graduated from New Westminster Secondary School in 1985. He was selected in the third round of the 1985 NHL Entry Draft, 52nd overall, by the Boston Bruins. Over the course of fifteen NHL seasons, Ranford would play with Boston, the Edmonton Oilers, Washington Capitals, Tampa Bay Lightning, and Detroit Red Wings, winning two Stanley Cups, a Canada Cup, and the 1994 Hockey World Championships while playing for Canada.

As a child, Ranford took figure skating lessons, before eventually decided to go into goaltending. Because his father was in the armed forces, Ranford lived in Germany for a few years, as well as various places in Canada. He played for local teams in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Prince Edward Island and Red Deer, Alberta.

Ranford spent his junior career with the New Westminster Bruins, playing two seasons with the team before being drafted by the Boston Bruins in the 3rd round (52nd overall) in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft..

Ranford's post-draft year, 1985–86, was an eventful one, as Ranford was named to the WHL Second All-Star Team, and saw his first NHL action after the WHL season ended, winning three of four games for Boston, before going 0–2 in the playoffs.

To start the next year, Boston assigned him to the Moncton Golden Flames of the AHL, where he went 3–0 to start the season, and wound up spending the rest of the year with Boston. The replacement of Bruins coach Butch Goring with Terry O'Reilly led to Ranford falling out of favour, and eventually being dealt on March 8, 1988 from the Boston Bruins with Geoff Courtnall to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Andy Moog.

Following the trade, he spent most of the next season with the AHL's Maine Mariners, but that would be the last time he would play at the minor-league level.

Ranford won his first Stanley Cup in 1988, as the backup to Grant Fuhr. However, in 1990 despite constant comparisons to the injured Fuhr, Ranford emerged as a first-rate goaltender, leading the Oilers to the Stanley Cup and winning the Conn Smythe Trophy (playoff MVP) in the process. It was the last cup that the Edmonton Oilers dynasty would win. Ranford went on to play the next six seasons in Edmonton, before being dealt back to the Boston Bruins on January 11, 1996 for Mariusz Czerkawski, Sean Brown, and a 1st Round Pick in the 1996 Entry Draft (Matthieu Descoteaux).

After less than two seasons with Boston, Ranford was dealt to the Washington Capitals on March 1, 1997 with Adam Oates and Rick Tocchet for Jason Allison, Anson Carter, Jim Carey, a conditional draft pick in the 1998 Entry Draft, and a 3rd Round Pick in the 1997 Entry Draft (Lee Goren). In 1998 the Washington Capitals advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals, it was Ranfords third trip to the finals. On June 18, 1998, he was dealt to the Tampa Bay Lightning for a 2nd Round Pick in the 1999 Entry Draft and a 3rd Round Pick in the 1998 Entry Draft (Todd Hornung).

He began the season with the Tampa Bay Lightning, but was traded to the Detroit Red Wings on March 23, 1999 for a conditional draft pick. It was the second deal between the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Detroit Red Wings that day. The prior trade brought Wendel Clark and a draft pick to the Detroit Red Wings and Goaltender Kevin Hodson and a draft pick to the Tampa Bay Lightning. The Wendel Clark trade made the Bill Ranford deal happen.

His final year in the NHL was 2000, where Ranford returned to Edmonton as a free-agent backing up Tommy Salo before announcing his retirement on April 24.

Ranford acted in the movie "Miracle", performing the on-ice scenes as the goaltender for Team USA, Jim Craig, while Eddie Cahill performed the off-ice scenes. Ranford also played net for the Edmonton Oilers alumni team at the Heritage Classic, the first outdoor regular season game in NHL history. Ranford (14 saves) and Grant Fuhr (11 saves) took turns in goal and held the Montreal Canadiens alumni team scoreless in a 2–0 victory.

Bill served as the Goalie Coach for the WHL Vancouver Giants for the 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 seasons.

On July 10, 2006 he was named the goaltending coach of the Los Angeles Kings and continues to hold that position.

He is also a part-owner of the Coquitlam Express of the British Columbia Hockey League (Tier II Junior).




Sargon II

Sargon II (, "legitimate king", reigned 722 – 705 BC) was an Assyrian king. Sargon II became co-regent with Shalmaneser V in 722 BC. Shalmaneser V died in 722 BC. From then on, Sargon II was the only ruler of Assyria. It is not clear if he was the son of Tiglath-Pileser III or a usurper unrelated to the royal family. In his inscriptions, he styles himself as a new man and rarely talks about his predecessors. He nevertheless took the name "Sharru-kinu" ("true king"), after Sargon of Akkad — who had founded the first Semitic Empire in the region about 16 centuries earlier. "Sargon" is the Biblical form of the name.

Biłgoraj

Biłgoraj is a town in south-eastern Poland. Since 1999, it has been a part of the Lublin Voivodeship; it was previously a part of the Zamość Voivodeship (1975–1998). It is located 90 km south of Lublin and it is also the capital of Biłgoraj County.

In 2006, 27,225 people lived in Biłgoraj.

Bryce Salvador

Bryce Chad Salvador (born February 11, 1976 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that played for the New Jersey Devils of the NHL. He also played for the St. Louis Blues. Salvador was drafted in the sixth round, 138th overall by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. 

Lewis and Harris

Lewis and Harris in the Outer Hebrides make up the largest island in Scotland. With an area of , this is the largest single island of the British Isles after Great Britain and Ireland.

The northern part of the island is called Lewis, the southern is Harris and both are frequently referred to as if they were separate islands. The boundary between Lewis and Harris is formed by a line with Loch Resort on the west and Loch Seaforth on the east. The main town is Stornoway in Lewis.

The island does not have a common name in either English or Scottish Gaelic and is referred to as 'Lewis and Harris'. Until 1975, Lewis belonged to the county of Ross and Cromarty and Harris to Inverness-shire. The entire island group now belongs to the Western Isles Council.

The island is the ancestral homeland of the Highland Clan MacLeod, and the Clan Morrison.

Station wagon

The station wagon, or estate, is a variant of sedan. The difference between station wagons and regular sedans is that the station wagon has no trunk. The roofs are extended backwards over a shared passenger or cargo volume with access in the back (like in hatchbacks, minivans, SUVs, and passenger vans).

The first station wagons were built around 1910. Their frames were built out of wood. By the 1950s, the wood was replaced with fake wood. 

Station wagons became less popular because of the 1973 oil crisis in the United States. Station wagons have been mostly replaced by minivans/MPVs, SUVs, and crossovers. Modern station wagons include Subaru Forester, Mercedes-AMG E63 and several Audi automobiles. Other modern station wagons include the Mercedes-Benz E450 and Volvo 460.

Chevrolet Silverado

The Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra are pickup trucks manufactured from General Motors. The Chevrolet Silverado first began around 1998, although the name Silverado actually got its use on pickup trucks beginning in 1975.

Chuck Scherza

Chuck Scherza (February 15, 1923 – March 16, 2014) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 11 seasons in the American Hockey League, winning a Calder Cup championship in 1949. He was born in Brandon, Manitoba.


Servant of God

Servant of God is a title given to individuals by different religions, but in general the phrase is used to describe a person believed to be pious in his or her faith tradition. In the Catholic Church, it designates someone who is being investigated by the Church for possibly being recognized as a saint. In the Eastern Orthodox churches, this term is used to refer to any Eastern Orthodox Christian.

The Arabic name Abdullah عبد الله, the Hebrew name Obadiah עובדיה and the German name Gottschalk literally mean "servant of God".

"Servant of God" is the title given to a deceased person of the Catholic Church whose life and works are being investigated in consideration for official recognition by the Pope and the Catholic Church as a saint in Heaven.
The process for canonization is under the jurisdiction of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints.

The title "Servant of God" () should not be confused with "Servus Servorum Dei" (Servant of the Servants of God), one of the titles of the Pope.

Receiving the title "Servant of God" is the first of the four steps in the canonization process. The next step is being declared "Venerable", upon a decree of heroicity or martyrdom by the honored. This is followed by beatification, with the title of "Blessed", after the confirmation of miracles attributed to the honored. The final step is canonization, where the honored would receive the title of "Saint".

Venerable

The Venerable is used as a style in several Christian churches. It is also the common English-language translation of a number of Buddhist titles.

In the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church, "The Venerable," is the style used for a person who has been posthumously declared "heroic in virtue" during the investigation and process leading to possible canonization as a saint. Before a person is considered to be "venerable," he or she must be declared as such by a proclamation, approved by the Pope, of having lived a life that was "heroic in virtue" – the virtues being the Theological Virtues of faith, hope, and charity and the Cardinal Virtues of prudence, justice, fortitude, and temperance. The next step is beatification, at which point the person is referred to as "The Blessed", and finally canonization, at which point the person is referred to as "Saint". Two modern and well-known examples of those who have been declared venerable are Popes John Paul II and Pius XII, who were both declared venerable by Pope Benedict XVI in December 2009, and who are likely to be beatified soon.

The 7-8th-century English monk St. Bede was referred to as being "venerable" soon after his death and, by tradition, is therefore often referred to as "the Venerable Bede" despite his also having been canonized. St Bede was the first person to be recorded as "The Venerable".

Jane Pauley

Margaret "Jane" Pauley (born October 31, 1950) is a news anchor and reporter. She hosted "NBC Today" between 1976 and 1989 and "Dateline NBC" starting in 1992 and ending in 2003. Pauley was born in Indianapolis.


Burrito

A burrito is a traditional Mexican dish. It is based on a tortilla filled with foods such as meat, beans or cheese. In the United States, however, there are usually several ingredients. They use foods such as Mexican rice, beans, lettuce, salsa (such as pico de gallo), meat (such as carne asada), avocado, cheese, and sour cream.


Port of Gladstone

The Port of Gladstone is a seaport in Gladstone, Queensland. It exports the fourth largest amount of coal of any seaport in the world.

The port has several different parts to it. Auckland Point was where coal began to be exported in 1925.
Later, live horses were moved there in the mid-1930s. Barney Point was used to export coal from Moura. Barney Point was made part of the Port of Gladstone in November 1998.

The Fisherman’s Landing part was opened in 1980. It was expanded in the 1990s and is planned to be expanded more. Boyne Wharf is used by the Boyne Island aluminium smelter and was opened in August 1982. The South Trees part of the port have been used by Queensland Alumina Limited, an aluminum company. The RG Tanna Coal Terminal was opened in 1997 and is used to export coking coal to Japanese steel mills.

Lawrence massacre

The Lawrence Massacre (also known as Quantrill's Raid) was an attack on the town of Lawrence, Kansas on August 21, 1863. The attack was a battle in the U.S. Civil War. The Confederates won the battle. They won because groups of guerillas led by William Quantrill rode into town and shot every man they saw. They killed about 150 people.

The guerillas attacked Lawrence because the city supported abolition and because it was a center for the Jayhawkers. The Jayhawkers were free-state militia groups known for attacking plantations in the pro-slavery western counties of Missouri.

By 1863, there had been a lot of violence in Kansas. This is because people disagreed about whether Kansas should allow slavery or not.

In the summer of 1856, the first sacking of Lawrence started a guerrilla war in Kansas that lasted for years. John Brown might be the most famous person involved in the violence of the late 1850s that fought on the abolitionist or Jayhawker side. However, there were many groups on each side that fought during the "Bleeding Kansas" period.

By the beginning of the American Civil War, Lawrence was already a target for pro-slavery violence. This is because Lawrence was the biggest anti-slavery city in the state. It was also where the Union and Jayhawkers started attacks into Missouri. At first, the town and area around it were very prepared. They reacted strongly to any rumors that pro-slavery people might be coming to Lawrence. However, by the summer of 1863, this never happened, so the people did not fear much, and they forgot about their defenses.

Lawrence was a headquarters for a group of Jayhawkers (sometimes called "Red Legs"). They had started a campaign in late March 1863. They had a goal to end support from the people for the Confederate guerillas. Union General Blunt said the actions of the soldiers were as if "a reign of terror started, and no man's property was safe, nor was his life worth much if he fought them in their plans to rob and steal." Many Jayhawker leaders like Charles "Doc" Jennison, James Montgomery, and George Henry Hoyt attacked Western Missouri. This made both pro-southern and pro-Union civilians and politicians angry. The historian Albert Castel says that the bushwhackers under Quantrill also wanted to steal, but revenge was their main reason.

Survivors confirmed the feeling of revenge in the attack on Lawrence. Albert Castel wrote, "all the ladies and others who talked with the butchers of the 21st ult." said that "they were here to revenge the wrongs done their families by our men under Lane, Jennison, Anthony and Co." Charles L. Robinson, the first Governor of Kansas, was an eyewitness to the attack. He said the attack happened for revenge: "Before this raid the entire border counties of Missouri had experienced more terrible outrages (events) than ever the Quantrill raid at Lawrence... There was no burning of feet and torture by hanging in Lawrence as there was in Missouri, neither were women and children outraged." Robinson explained that Quantrill chose Lawrence because Jayhawkers had attacked Missouri "as soon as [started]," and Lawrence was the "headquarters for the thieves and their plunder."

Quantrill said that his reason for the attack was "to steal and destroy the town as revenge for Osceola." He was talking about the Union's attack on Osceola, Missouri in September 1861. Senator James H. Lane led it. His forces plundered Osceola, gave nine men a drumhead court-martial trial, and executed them.

The collapse of the Women's Prison in Kansas City is also often believed to have made some people want to join in on the attack. To try to stop the Missouri guerrillas from being in Kansas, General Thomas Ewing, Jr. issued "General Order No. 10" in April 1863. This ordered anyone helping or comforting the Confederate guerrillas to be arrested. This mostly meant women or girls who were relatives of the guerrillas. Ewing sent the arrested people to some makeshift prisons in Kansas City. The women were then kept in two buildings which were either too small or too dirty. Then they were moved to an empty building at 1425 Grand Boulevard. This building was part of the estate of Robert S. Thomas, George Caleb Bingham's father-in-law. In 1861, Bingham and his family were living in the building. However, in early 1862, he and his family moved to Jefferson City when he was chosen to be the treasurer of Missouri. Bingham had added a third level to the building to use as a studio.

At least ten women or girls, all under the age of 20, were prisoners in the building when it collapsed on August 13, 1863, killing four: Charity McCorkle Kerr, Susan Crawford Vandever, Armenia Crawford Selvey, and Josephine Anderson—the 15-year-old sister of William T. "Bloody Bill" Anderson. A few days later, Nannie Harris died from her wounds. The people who did not die from the collapse were Jenny Anderson (injured by the accident), Susan Anne Mundy Womacks, Martha "Mattie" Mundy, Lucinda "Lou" Mundy Gray, Elizabeth Harris (later married to Deal), and Mollie Grindstaff. Anderson's 13-year-old sister, who was stuck to a ball-and-chain inside the jail, got many injuries, including two broken legs.

Even before the jail fell, the arrest and planned deportation of the girls had made Quantrill's guerrillas angry; George Todd left a note for General Ewing threatening to burn Kansas City unless the girls were freed. Quantrill's raid on Lawrence was planned before the jail collapse, and even before General Ewing issued "General Order No. 10". However, the deaths of the guerrillas' female relatives made the raiders want to kill people even more during the attack.

A man from Hesper named Henry Thompson tried to run to Lawrence to tell the people there that an attack was coming. He was able to run all the way to Eudora before he was too tired. An unknown man riding a chaise came across Thompson to ask if he needed help. Thompson told him that he ran all the way from Hester, and that he needed to warn Lawrence. Thompson and the man were able to get some people from Eudora to go to Lawrence to warn of an attack. They were too late.
Around 450 guerrillas came near Lawrence shortly after 5 a.m. One of the first deaths was a pastor, Samuel S. Snyder. He was outside milking his cows when the guerillas shot him. Their first goal was to get to the Eldridge House, a big brick hotel in the middle of Lawrence. They gained control of the building (which became Quantrill's headquarters during the raid). After that, Quantrill's men went into smaller groups that spread throughout Lawrence. For the next four hours, the raiders pillaged and burned 25% of the buildings in Lawrence. They burned all businesses except for two. They looted most of the banks and stores in town. They killed more than 150 people. All of the victims were men and boys. Some sources say 183 people were killed. An 1897 source says that among the dead were 18 of 23 untrained army recruits. By 9 a.m., the raiders were leaving Lawrence.

Mayor George W. Collamore hid in his family's well so that the guerillas would not find him. However, they set his house on fire, and he died from breathing in smoke. After the massacre, a friend of Collamore's named Lowe went into the well to find him. The rope he was holding onto broke, and he also died in the well. 

Several groups of guerillas came to judge Louis Carpenter's house. They took everything he owned, but he persuaded them to not kill him nor burn his house. Another group of guerillas came and asked him where he was from. He said he was from New York. One of the guerillas said, "It's you New York [people] that are doing all of the mischief". When the guerilla took out his revolver to shoot Carpenter, Carpenter ran back into his house. The guerillas chased him into his house, upstairs, and then back downstairs, shooting at him. Carpenter ran into the basement, but he was bleeding. They found him, and the guerillas chased him outside and shot him. His wife Mary used her body to protect him. A guerilla walked around her to find a place to shoot under her. He lifted her arm and aimed his revolver under it. He fired his gun so that she could see the bullet enter Carpenter's head. Then, the guerillas set the house on fire. His wife's sister was able to stop the fire however.

George Burt was standing near a fence when a guerilla came to him. The guerilla asked for all of his money. When Burt gave the guerilla his pocket book, the guerilla took it with one hand and shot Burt with the other.

A German man named Phillip Albach was sick, laying in bed. Guerillas demanded the family clear the house so they could burn it. The family carried Albach outside on a mattress and laid him in the yard. When the guerillas came out of the house, they killed him on his bed.

Reverend Hugh Dunn Fisher tried to run away from his home with his two sons. Fisher was sick, so he was unable to run. He went back into his house and hid under the stairs in his basement. When some guerillas came into the house, they demanded his wife Elizabeth let them look in the basement. They could not see Fisher in the darkness. When they left, they set the house on fire and watched it burn. They hoped that if Fisher was hiding inside, he would run outside so they could kill him. Elizabeth covered Fisher in an old dress and a carpet, and carried him out of the house. She covered him in the carpet and dress so that it would look like she was simply trying to save her belongings from the fire. Fisher hid under the carpet until the guerillas left, and all of the family lived.

The raiders wanted revenge, so they had a list of people they wanted to kill and buildings they wanted to burn. James H. Lane was at the top of the list. Lane was a military leader and a supporter of the Jayhawkers. Lane escaped by running through a cornfield while wearing his nightshirt. John Speer was one of Lane's biggest political supporters. Lane had put Speer into the newspaper business. Speer was also on the list. Charles L. Robinson, first governor of Kansas and an abolitionist, may also have been on the list. However, he was not killed. 

Many said that Quantrill's decision to kill young boys was a very bad part of the attack. Bobbie Martin is generally said to be the youngest person who died. Some stories of the raid say he may have been as young as ten to twelve years old, but others say he was fourteen years old. Most sources say he was wearing a Union soldier uniform or clothing made from his father's uniform, but others say he was holding a musket and cartridges. Most of Quantrill's guerrilla fighters were teenagers. One of the youngest was Riley Crawford. He was thirteen years old when his mother took him to Quantrill after Union soldiers shot her husband and burned her home.

The "Kansas State Journal" was the first newspaper in Lawrence to continue publishing after the attack. They released their first copy on October 1, 1863. In it, it said that every business in Lawrence had been sacked; every business except five had been burned; every house in Lawrence had been plundered; 160 men and boys had been killed. The Leavenworth "Daily Conservative," on August 23, 1863, said that the guerrillas caused $2,000,000 worth of damage, and stole $250,000 worth of money.

The Lawrence massacre was one of the bloodiest events in the history of Kansas. The Plymouth Congregational Church in Lawrence wasn't destroyed, but many of its members were killed. Also, many of its records were destroyed.

A day after the attack, some of the people of Lawrence lynched Thomas Corlew, a member of Quantrill's raiders who was still in Lawrence. They believed he was a spy. They hanged him in a barn on Massachusetts Street.

After the attack, Quantrill brought his men south to Texas for the winter. By the next year, however, the raiders broke up as a group. They were unable to get similar successes. Quantrill died of wounds he got in Kentucky in 1865. By that point, he had only a few supporters left. Frank James and his younger brother, Jesse James were some of his supporters.

After Quantrill's attack, the Union built multiple military posts on Mount Oread. They built these to help guard the rebuilt city. However, no more attacks happened in Lawrence, and these forts were removed.




Pedro Álvares Cabral

Pedro Álvares Cabral (c. 1467 or 1468 Belmonte – c. 1520 Santarém) was a Portuguese nobleman, navigator and explorer who was the first European to see Brazil (on 22 April 1500).

King Manuel I of Portugal sent Cabral on an expedition to India. 
Cabral sailed on 9 March 1500, with 13 ships, following the route of Vasco da Gama. 
On 22 April 1500, he sighted land (Brazil), claiming it for the Portuguese Crown and naming it the "Island of the True Cross." 
King Manuel I renamed this land "Holy Cross"; it was later renamed once again, to "Brazil", after a kind of wood found there, called pau-brasil. 

Cabral stayed in Brazil for 10 days and then continued on his way to India, in a dangerous trip with storms, and he suffered the destruction of some ships at the Cape of Good Hope, and fighting against Muslim traders in Calicut, India (50 men of Cabral were killed in this attack). 

Cabral successfully traded for spices in Cochin, now called Kozhikode, India (in early January, 1501). 

Cabral returned to Portugal on 23 June 1501, with only 5 of the original 13 ships, carrying a big load of spices.

After this journey, King Manuel I appointed Vasco da Gama to head the next expedition (1502) because Cabral refused to command another expedition to India.

Cabral retired to his properties in Santarém. He died in c. 1520 and was buried in a monastery in Santarém, Portugal.
Toyota Sequoia

The Toyota Sequoia is a large SUV made by Toyota. The production of the Sequoia began during 2000. This sport utility vehicle is among the largest vehicles from Toyota. It can seat around seven or eight passengers.

Mandaue City Central School

Mandaue City Central School is the oldest school in Mandaue, in Cebu, Philippines. It is an elementary school. The school occupies an area of more than . It belongs to the Central District council. For several decades, Mandaue City Central School stood as the only school in the Central District until three schools were established sometime in the 1990s. The first building, the Gabaldon Building, was built in 1904 which is still in use.


Battle of Mine Creek

The Battle of Mine Creek (also known as the Battle of the Osage) was a battle in the American Civil War. In total, 1,300 people were killed. The battle was fought in Linn County, Kansas.

Wilson prime

A Wilson prime is a special kind of prime number. A prime number "p" is a Wilson prime if (and only if [ formula_1 ])

formula_2

where "n" is a positive integer (sometimes called natural number). Wilson primes were first described by Emma Lehmer.

The only known Wilson primes are 5, 13, and 563 ; if any others exist, they must be greater than 5. It has been conjectured that there are an infinite number of Wilson primes, and that the number of Wilson primes in an interval formula_3 is about

formula_4.

Compare this with Wilson's theorem, which states that every prime "p" divides ("p" − 1)! + 1.




Honda Odyssey

The Honda Odyssey is a minivan that has been made by Honda since 1994. From 1994 to 1999, it was also sold as the Isuzu Oasis. A larger version of the minivan has been available since 1999 in North America. It was redesigned in 2005, 2011, and 2018. The 2015 model was awarded the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety's top rated pick because of its collision avoidance system.

Short-faced bear

Short-faced bears belong to the Tremarctinae subfamily of bears. There is one living representative, the spectacled bear ("Tremarctos ornatus") of South America. Extinct members include "Arctodus, Arctotherium", "Plionarctos" and the Florida spectacled bear ("Tremarctos floridanus"). Of these, the giant short-faced bears ("Arctodus simus" and "Arctotherium angustidens") may have been the largest ever predators in the Americas.

The group evolved in eastern North America from "Plionarctos", and then spread across the Americas as part of the Great American Interchange. Most short-faced bears became extinct at the end of the Pleistocene.

The medium sized "Arctodus pristinus" and "Tremarctos floridanus" inhabited much of North America in the Early Pleistocene. While a fragmentary "Arctotherium" is first found from El Salvador, the next fossils are of the gigantic "Arctotherium angustidens" in Argentina, from around 1 million years ago. "Arctotherium angustidens" was possibly the largest predatory land mammal ever.

In the Middle Pleistocene, "Arctodus pristinus" evolved into "Arctodus simus", which inhabited most of North America, from Alaska to Mexico. "Arctotherium angustidens" was replaced by smaller, medium-sized species- first "Arctotherium vetustum", then by "Arctotherium bonariense" and "Arctotherium tarijense". "Arctotherium wingei" was the only known species of "Arctotherium" to inhabit tropical South America and Central America.

Short-faced bears were either smaller and mostly herbivorous bears inhabiting forested habitats, such as "Arctotherium wingei" and "Tremarctos ornatus", or omnivores adapted for more open habitats, such as "Arctotherium angustidens" and "Arctodus simus".

Although the two giant species appear similar, both species had key differences. While "Arctodus simus" inhabited most of North America for over a million years, "Arctotherium angustidens" has only been found in the Southern Cone, from open plains habitat. Also, while "Arctodus simus" varied its diet between mostly eating meat in Alaska to omnivory elsewhere, "Arctotherium angustidens" had similar rates of eating meat across specimens, according to studies of its bone chemistry.

Additionally, the much more slender bones of "Arctodus", in contrast with the robust "Arctotherium angustidens", have puzzled researchers. However, the extinctions scavenger-niche mega-carnivores in their habitats could have been a shared reason for evolving gigantism in "Arctodus" and "Arctotherium".

"Arctodus" and "Tremarctos" share characteristics common to herbivorous bears. These were either ancestral traits of the group, or clues to their preferred diets. "Arctotherium" was more closely related to the spectacled bear than to "Arctodus", implying convergent evolution of large size in the two lineages.
The following taxonomy of the short-faced bears follow Mitchell et al. (2016):


Arctodus

Arctodus is an extinct genus of short-faced bear endemic to North America during the Pleistocene era about 2.5 million years ago to 12,800 years ago. There were two species, "Arctodus pristinus" and "Arctodus simus".

The giant short-faced bear, "Arctodus simus", evolved from "Arctodus pristinus" during the middle Pleistocene of North America, around 1.3 million years ago. Both species were omnivorous, feeding on tall vegetation and large mammals. "Arctodus simus" might have been the largest predatory land mammal that ever lived in North America.

Both species of "Arctodus" lived in different habitats, with "Arctodus pristinus" preferred dense forests in eastern North America, and "Arctodus simus" inhabiting open forests in western North America. However, after the extinction of "Arctodus pristinus", the giant short-faced bear spread east in small numbers.

"Arctodus pristinus" was particularly common on the east coast, with the largest concentrations being in Florida. Additional finds are from Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Kansas and Aguascalientes (Mexico).

"Arctodus simus" lived in much of North America, ranging from Alaska to Puebla in the west, to Virginia and Florida in the east. This species is first found in California, and was most common in the savannas and of the western United States and Mexico, where many other megafauna lived.

The oldest "Arctodus" fossils are from the Kissimmee River & Santa Fe River paleontological sites in Florida, belonging to "Arctodus pristinus." The first fossils of the "Arctodus simus" were found the Potter Creek Cave in Shasta County, California, by Edward Drinker Cope, with the oldest being from Irvington, California.

Paleontologists have found only one "Arctodus simus" skeleton in Indiana. It is famous because it was the biggest most-nearly complete skeleton of a giant short-faced bear ever found in America. The original bones are in Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History.

Males were much larger than females. When it was standing on its back legs, "Arctodus simus" was tall. A 2010 study estimated the weight of six "Arctodus simus" individuals, with a weight range between and . In comparison, "Arctodus pristinus" specimens have been calculated to an average of ~, although some northern and western "Arctodus pristinus" were the same size as small "Arctodus simus".

Both species were omnivores, browsing on shrubs and trees, and eating browsers like deer, camels, llamas, tapirs, ground sloths, and wood bison, Dental damage from eating carbohydrates, and seeds in "Arctodus simus"' poop proves plants were consumed, while bone damage on prey matches both "Arctodus" species' teeth. Analyses of "Arctodus simus"' bone chemicals confirm that the giant short-faced bear lived in open forests and other vegetated areas, and sometimes ate other open forest inhabitants.
One theory was that the giant short-faced bear was an active predator, attacking herbivores directly. Another theory was that it let faster predators make the kill, then bullied them off the carcass, being a scavenger. Finally, anatomy led some to believe it was a herbivore. Modern research establishes all three behaviors were present in "Arctodus simus".

Previous theories also suggested that brown bears caused the extinction of "Arctodus simus", and that the giant short-faced bear prevented people from migrating into North America. However, these ideas have been rejected, with new dates confirming both co-existed with "Arctodus simus".

The replacement of hot & humid forests with open habitats, along with competition with black bears and "Tremarctos floridanus", led to the extinction of "Arctodus pristinus" 300,000 years ago. "Arctodus simus" went extinct around 12,800 years ago, which was likely due to ecological collapse leading to fewer prey and quality vegetation.

Typhoon Mike

Super Typhoon Mike (international designation: 9025, JTWC designation: 27W, PAGASA name: Ruping) was the strongest and deadliest typhoon of the 1990 Pacific typhoon season as it crossed the Philippines in November.

An area of persistent convection over the Caroline Islands was first noted in the Significant Tropical Weather Advisory on November 6. As it headed westward, its outflow rapidly improved, with banding and a more circular cloud pattern. The organization continued, and it was upgraded to Tropical Depression 27W on the 7th. Early on the 8th, the depression strengthened to Tropical Storm Mike near the island of Yap.

Mike continued its westward movement and its intensification rate, and became a typhoon early on November 9, the 18th of the season. At this time, a weakness in the subtropical ridge, which kept the storm on its westward movement, was bring Mike northward. This did not occur, and Mike kept its persistent westward motion. On November 10, the typhoon rapidly intensified, reaching peak winds of 165 mph later that day. In a 48-hour period, the typhoon deepened 99 millibars to a minimum central pressure of 915 mb.

Mike retained its intensity of 165 mph winds for a day as it approached the Philippines. Fortunately for the archipelago, the combination of an eyewall replacement cycle and land interaction to its west weakened the super typhoon. Nevertheless, Mike still hit the eastern Philippines as a 140 mph typhoon on November 12. The typhoon further weakened to an 85 mph typhoon while crossing the islands, but in the South China Sea, conditions favored slight strengthening.

Mike reached a secondary peak of 95 mph winds on November 14, but land interaction with Vietnam again weakened it to a minimal typhoon. The forecast break in the subtropical ridge finally occurred on the 15th, causing a northwest motion. Vertical shear increased, weakening Mike to a tropical storm on the 16th. Early the next day, the storm passed over western Hainan Island, and degraded to a tropical depression that night. After a brief passage over the Gulf of Tonkin Mike hit southern China where it dissipated on November 18.

While crossing the western Caroline Islands, Mike proved to be quite destructive. Extensive damage occurred to the islands, but no deaths occurred and only one injury was reported.

The Philippines did not fare so well. The typhoon's heavy rainfall produced mudslides which, combined with the heavy wind damage, resulted in over $14 million in damage (1990 USD, $20.8 million 2005 USD). Over 748 people were reported killed, making Mike the most destructive typhoon for the Philippines since Typhoon Ike in 1984, which killed over 1,000 people. President Corazon Aquino declared a state of calamity in the Visayas.

Typhoon Mike's damage to the infrastructure of the city and province of Cebu forced its local leaders to rethink governmental priorities. A conscious effort to rebuild after the damage was promoted, resulting into the boom of the economy of Cebu, dubbed CEBOOM.

Due to the destruction in the Philippines, the name Mike was retired and was replaced by Manny. Its PAGASA name, Ruping, was also retired.



Control variable

A control variable is something in an experiment that is kept the same. Having control variables means that the experiment will be a fair test.
The Control Variable is often used with the independent and dependent variables.

Negative feedback

Negative feedback is a basic concept of cybernetics; it is the basis of regulation and control. It is important in engineering and physiology. In biology and physiology negative feedback is known as homeostasis.

Negative feedback occurs when the output of a system acts to oppose changes to the input of a system. This has the result that the changes are made less, and the system kept within limits. The classic example is a central heating system which cuts off when a (suitably placed) temperature sensor hits a pre-set mark. The negative feedback part is the thermostat.

Virtually all aspect of living systems involve homeostasis, and disease follows when any of these systems fail. Examples include blood pressure, glucose level, liver functions, and cell division.

Homeostasis was defined by Claude Bernard and later by Walter Bradford Cannon in 1926, 1929 and 1932 as the property of a system, either open or closed, that regulates its internal environment and tends to maintain a stable, constant condition. The concept came from that of "milieu interieur" which was created by Claude Bernard and published in 1865. 
If the overall feedback of the system is negative, then the system will tend to be stable.

980

980 was a leap year.


Vorarlberg

Vorarlberg (Vorarlbergian: "Vorarlbearg", "Voralbärg", or "Voraadelbearg") is the westernmost federal state in Austria. The capital is Bregenz. The biggest cities are Feldkirch and Dornbirn. As of 2016, there were about 384,000 people.

It is the only province in Austria that does not speak Austro-Bavarian. Instead they speak an Alemannic dialect. This makes it more in common with its Alemannic-speaking neighbors Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Swabia than with Bavaria and the rest of Austria.

The highest mountain is Piz Buin. The main rivers in Vorarlberg are the Ill, the Bregenzer Ach and the Dornbirner Ach.

78% of the population is Roman Catholic. The second most follow Islam which has a share of 8.4%.

Vorarlberg is divided into four large districts. They are Bregenz, Dornbirn, Feldkirch and Bludenz.

On land, Vorarlberg has borders with Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Germany. The respextive states are the Swiss cantons of St.Gallen and Graubünden, and the German state of Bavaria. Lake Constance is special, there are no borders apart fro the borders on land. Legally, all the states that share this lake, also have a common border. That way, Vorarlberg also has a common border with the German state of Baden-Württemberg, and the Swiss canton of Thurgau.

Princess of Wales

Princess of Wales () is a royal title used in the United Kingdom. It is held by the wife of the Prince of Wales. It has been used since the first English Prince of Wales, in 1283.

The current Princess of Wales is Catherine, the wife of William, Prince of Wales.

There have been only ten Princesses of Wales, even though there have been a lot more than ten male heirs to the throne. The majority of Princes of Wales married after acceding to the throne as King. A number of other Princes of Wales died too young to marry.

Until 2022, the second wife of the past Prince of Wales, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, was the Princess of Wales, but did not use the title, out of respect for her husband's first wife, the late Diana, Princess of Wales.

The princess is usually entitled to the style of Her Highness.


Goh Kun

Goh Gun (; hanja 高建; born January 2, 1938 ) is a Korean politicians and civil servants. 

Goh is best known as Interior Minister, Agriculture Minister, and Prime Minister of South Korea. He was also mayor of Seoul.

He served as Acting President of Korea in 2004.


Flip Wilson

Clerow "Flip" Wilson Jr. (8 December 1933 – 25 November 1998) was an African-American comedian whose career was successful in the 1960s and 1970s. He is perhaps best known for his television variety series The Flip Wilson Show, which earned him a Golden Globe and two Emmy Awards.

On November 25, 1998, Wilson died from liver cancer in Malibu, California, aged 64.

Defense mechanism

Defense mechanism is a psychological concept of the mind. It is the coping technique individuals unconsciously use to protect themselves from getting hurt in unpleasant situations (e.g. conflicts, unhappiness). Without defense mechanisms, people may suffer from psychological and mental illness.


Chevrolet Volt

The Chevrolet Volt is an American plug-in hybrid car. The car was first produced in 2011 and is made by the Chevrolet division of General Motors. This vehicle travels 25 to 50 miles (38 miles average) on electric power alone. After the battery is depleted, it switches to the extended range mode.
In the United States, the car has a suggested price of $34,185, but qualifies for a $7500 tax credit. It can carry up to four people (including the driver). A second generation arrived in 2015. It stopped in 2019. The first generation Volt was produced 2011-2016, while the second 2016-2019.

The Volt has 16.5 kWh of lithium batteries and a 1.4 liter engine using premium fuel. The batteries have enough power to drive the car normally (it can go from 0 to 60 mph in 9 seconds). While the batteries have power, the car is like an electric car.

When the batteries run out of charge, they can be recharged from a special electrical outlet, or the car can turn on the gas engine. The gas engine and electric motors combine in a special type of transmission called a planetary gear, like the Toyota Prius. This allows the gas engine to drive the car or to change its power to electricity. The electricity can charge the battery or power the electric motor.

How much gas is used depends on how the car is driven and when the batteries are recharged. It is possible to only use electric power and never use gasoline. The EPA estimates the average person will get 98 miles per gallon (including the equivalent cost of electricity).

The batteries can be recharged in 10 to 16 hours using a 120V charging unit (most circuits in a house are at 120V). A 240V charging unit will recharge the car batteries in four hours. The batteries can also be charged from the gas engine or from the "regenerative" brakes, which turn the energy of the moving car into electricity.

La Brea Tar Pits

The La Brea tar pits (or Rancho La Brea) are a famous cluster of tar pits in central Los Angeles. Complete skeletons of many thousands of large animals have been found here. They date mostly from 40,000 to 8,000 years ago.

Hancock Park was formed around the tar pits, in the heart of Los Angeles. Asphalt or tar ("brea" in Spanish) has seeped up from the ground here for tens of thousands of years. The tar is often covered with water. Over many centuries, animals that came to drink the water fell in, sank in the tar, and died. In the tar, their bones turned into fossils.

The George C. Page Museum is dedicated to researching the tar pits and displaying specimens from the animals that died there. The La Brea Tar Pits are now a registered National Natural Landmark.

Modern excavations of the bones started in 1913–1915. In the 1940s and 1950s, public excitement was got by the preparation of previously recovered large mammal bones. A later study showed the fossil material was well preserved. They are about 10–20,000 years old, from the last glacial period.

At the La Brea Tar Pits, scientists have found the skeletons of many prehistoric species, including:

Only one human has ever been found in the tar pits: a partial skeleton of a woman, dated at about 9,000 BC. Because of the way her skull was crushed, scientists think she was murdered.

Over a million fossils have been recovered from the tar pits. These fossils include individual bones as well as pieces of bone. Scientists estimate that at least 10,000 animals got trapped in the Tar Pits over 30,000 years. These animals belonged to at least 660 different species. This includes at least 135 species of birds, and 59 species of mammals.

Oil is created when decayed organic matter is underground. It is under pressure. The crude oil seeps upward through fractures, or porous sedimentary rock layers. It may form a pool at the surface. 

The lighter parts of the crude oil evaporate into the atmosphere, leaving behind a black, sticky asphalt. Tar pits are often excavated because they contain many fossils.

There are not many of these tar pits in the world, because they only form in these circumstances. The evaporation of the lighter elements in the crude oil is needed to create the sticky tar which traps the animals. Their distress calls are irresistible to the predators which follow them.

Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom

The Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom is the official coat of arms of the British monarch, currently Charles III. These arms are used by the King in his official capacity as monarch of the United Kingdom, and are officially known as his Arms of Dominion. Different versions are used by other members of the Royal Family; and by the British Government in connection with the administration and government of the country. In Scotland, the King has a separate version of the Royal Arms, a variant of which is used by the Scotland Office.

The shield is quartered, depicting in the first and fourth quarters the three passant guardant lions of England; in the second, the rampant lion and double tressure fleury-counter-fleury of Scotland; and in the third, a harp for Ireland.

The version used by the government does not have the helmet or lion, the version used by the government in Scotland does not have the lion or "In Defens" motto.

James Earl Ray

James Earl Ray (March 10, 1928 – April 23, 1998) was the man who was convicted of murdering Martin Luther King, Jr on April 4, 1968. He was sentenced to 99 years in prison. At first he said that he had shot King, but he later said that he did not do it. There are multiple conspiracy theories surrounding the assassination.

He was born in Alton, Illinois. He was convicted of burglary, robbery, theft and forgery during the 1950s. 

He escaped from prison in 1967. 

He died in Nashville, Tennessee from liver failure caused by hepatitis C.

Leadership

Leadership is an approach where “acts by persons influence other persons in a shared direction/[common goal]” (Seeman, 1960).


There are two factors in team leadership, they are: Interpersonal and Analytical. The interpersonal factors are : Talk, Evaluation, Assisting and Motivating. The Analytical aspects for problem solving with team leadership are: Focusing, Organizing, Collecting, Understanding and Synthesizing the material.


Deltora Quest

Deltora Quest is three series of books for children by Emily Rodda. It has 15 books overall: the first series "Deltora Quest" has eight books, the second series "Deltora Shadowlands" has three books, and the third series "Dragons of Deltora" has four books. They are all about a group of three friends who try to defeat the evil Shadow Lord and his friends.

Lief is the son of King Endon and Sharn, who went into hiding disguised as Jarred and Anna before their son was born. Lief was raised as a blacksmith's son in the run-down city of Del after the invasion. On his 16th birthday he set off on the Deltora Quest to find the seven gems of Deltora. In the ends he finds out that he is the heir to the throne and becomes the King of Deltora. At the end of the third series he marries Jasmine and has three children.

Barda is a strong bearded man. Before the invasion of the Shadow Lord, he was a guard of the Palace, but then he fled because his mother Min was killed, so he made friends with Endon and Sharn, and pretended to be a beggar for sixteen years, and always guarded Lief when he was in trouble. He accompanied Lief to find the seven gems of the Belt of Deltora. At the end of the last series he married Linden of Broome.

Jasmine is the daughter of Jarred (Doom) and Anna. She was born in the Forests of Silence, but when she was 7, her parents got taken away by Grey Guards. She lived as an orphan, with Kree and Filli for company. She met Lief and Barda in the Forests of Silence, and helped them get the first jewel, the topaz. After that, her mother Anna appeared to her in spirit form (because the topaz lets you come into contact with the dead)and told Jasmine to travel with Lief and Barda to find the jewels. At the end of the third series she married Lief and had three children.

Kree is a raven who used to live in Thaegan's territory, but Thaegen killed his parents so he fled to the Forests of Silence where he met Jasmine. He is very affectionate to Jasmine. He accompanied Jasmine, Lief and Barda on all three quests, warning others of danger by flying ahead. He later became and official messenger bird for the Palace.

Filli is a furry grey small creature who Jasmine found in the Forests of Silence. Like, Kree, he loves Jasmine a lot. He accompanied Jasmine, Lief and Barda on all three quests.

Veritas is the amethyst dragon who is very truthful. He helped to destroy the Sister of the West, and he brought up the baby Diamond Dragon, Forta.

In the first half of this book, it follows Jarred and Endon, how the King of Deltora died, then Endon became King, Jarred fled from the castle, married Anna, and the Shadow Lord invaded. In the second half of the book, it follows Lief, how on his 16th birthday, he set out on the Deltora Quest to find the gems of Deltora, with Barda, and got paralysed by Wenn, saved by Jasmine, and got the topaz from Gorl.

Yaws

Yaws is a tropical infection of the skin, bones and joints. It is caused by the spirochaete bacterium "Treponema pallidum pertenue".

The disease begins with a round, hard swelling of the skin, two to five centimeters in diameter. The center may break open and form an ulcer. This usually heals after three to six months. After several weeks, or even years later, the joints and bones may become painful, fatigue may develop, and new skin sores may appear. The skin of the palms of the hands and the soles of the feet may become thick and break open. The bones (especially those of the nose) may change shape. After five years or more large areas of skin can die. This leaves large scars.

Yaws is spread by touching the fluid from the sores of a person with the disease. The disease is most common among children, who spread it by playing together.

Other similar diseases are caused by different strains of the same bacterium, such as syphilis ("Treponema pallidum pallidum"). Once the lesions have appeared doctors are able to tell it is yaws. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) is the best method of diagnosis.

The main way of stopping the disease spreading, is by curing those who have it. This stops them passing it on to others. Where the disease is common, treating the entire community is effective. Improving cleanliness and sanitation will also decrease spread. Yaws can be treated with antibiotics. Without treatment, physical deformities happen in 10% of cases.

Yaws is common in at least 14 tropical countries as of 2012. The disease infects only humans. In the 1950s and 1960s the World Health Organization (WHO) nearly destroyed yaws. Since then the number of cases has increased.

One of the first descriptions of the disease was made in 1679 by Willem Piso. Archaeology shows that yaws may have been present among humans as far back as 1.6 million years ago.

Vibrio

Vibrio is a type of gram-negative bacteria that have a curved rod shape, several species of which can cause food poisoning, usually due to eating seafood that has not been cooked enough. They are usually found in saltwater as they cannot survive in freshwater. "Vibrio" can breathe with or without oxygen and do not create spores. All members of the genus can move and have flagella on both ends with or without sheaths. Recent phylogenies have been made based on a group of genes (multi-locus sequence analysis).

The name "Vibrio" comes from Filippo Pacini who isolated microorganisms he called "vibrions" from cholera patients in 1854.

Pele (deity)

Pele was the goddess of fire, dancing, and volcanoes in Hawaiian religion. Pele's husband is Wahielo, also spelled with an "a".

There are several stories about who Pele is. One story says that her sister is the goddess of the ocean. In another story, she lives in a land in the sky.

Pele is well known as a volcano goddess living in the crater of Kilauea on the island of Hawaii.

Pele (Pele), the Hawaiian  transmitted to the volcano of goddesses.

Hootie &amp; the Blowfish

Hootie & the Blowfish are an American rock band It formed in 1986. Their first studio album, "Cracked Rear View", was released in 1994. This group became popular in the second half of the 1990s. The group have been semi active since 2008.


Chevrolet Impala

The Chevrolet Impala was a full size car made from the Chevrolet network of General Motors. The name "Impala" comes from the southern African antelope. The car was first produced in 1957, discontinued around 1985 and then resumed for the 1994 model year. From 2000 to 2005, the Impala was a mid-sized sedan and succeeded Chevrolet's dwindling Lumina. The 2006 to present Impala is a full-sized sedan and is sold to the public, the previous generation is restricted to fleet and commercial buyers and is dubbed Impala Ltd. The Impala limited is set to conclude production in 2016. Its final generation, introduced in 2012, went on sale in May 2014 until General Motors discontinued the vehicle in March 2020.

Hydrogenophilaceae

The Hydrogenophilaceae are a family of Betaproteobacteria, with two genera. Like all Proteobacteria, they are gram-negative. "Hydrogenophilus" are thermophilic, growing around 50 °C and obtaining their energy from oxidizing hydrogen. It includes the genera "Hydrogenophilus" and "Thiobacillus" (see below for the removal of certain species).

Coral Sea

The Coral Sea is a small sea off the north east coast of Australia. It has Queensland on its west side and the islands of Vanuatu and New Caledonia on its east. On the north edge is the Solomon Islands, and in the south it joins the Tasman Sea. The Great Barrier Reef is in the Coral Sea. It has a warm climate, it often rains and there are often tropical cyclones. It covers an area of about four times the size of Great Britain. The WWF describe the Coral Sea as being one of the last complete tropical wilderness areas on earth. It has beautiful coral reefs with many different sea creatures including grey and white tip reef sharks, hammerheads, manta rays, tuna, barracuda, turtles, whales and the rare nautilus.

Australia claims many of the islands as part of its 780,000 square kilometre Coral Sea Islands Territory. Most of them are small coral or sand islands, and only one has few people living on it. It has a population of only four.

In World War II the Battle of the Coral Sea was the first aircraft carrier battle fought between the United States and Australia against Japan. The battle lasted from 4 May to 8 May 1942. During that time none of the ships saw each other or fired their guns at each other. All the fighting was done by aircraft from the carriers. It is the largest naval battle fought near Australia. It was important because it stopped the Japanese from invading Port Moresby, the capital city of New Guinea. Many people regarded it as the battle that saved Australia.

Gulf of Carpentaria

The Gulf of Carpentaria () is a large, shallow sea surrounded on three sides by northern Australia. Its north edge is the Arafura Sea; the sea between Australia and New Guinea. At its mouth, the Gulf is 590 km wide, and further south, 675 km. The north south distance is more than 700 km. It covers a water area of about 300,000 km². The gulf is between 55 and 66 meters deep, although there are spots as deep as 82 meters. In the last ice age the Gulf would have been dry land.

The land around the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying. To the west is Arnhem Land, the Top End of the Northern Territory, and Groote Eylandt, the largest island in the Gulf. To the east is the Cape York Peninsula. The area to the south, is a part of Queensland) called the Gulf Country or simply "the Gulf."

The climate is hot and humid with two seasons per year. The dry season lasts from about April until November and is has very dry southeast to east winds, caused by winter high pressure systems to the south. The wet season lasts from December to March. Most of the year's rainfall is happens in these months, and many low-lying areas are flooded. The Gulf is also a breeding ground for tropical cyclones from November and April.

In September and October the Morning Glory cloud appears in the Southern Gulf. The best place to see this is in the Burketown area shortly after dawn.

The first known Europen person to visit the area was the Dutch Willem Janszoon "(whose name is also written as Jansz)" in his 1606 voyage. Jan Carstenszoon (or "Carstensz"), visited in 1623 and named the Gulf after Pieter de Carpentier, who was the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. Abel Tasman also explored the coast in 1644. The area was later explored and mapped by Matthew Flinders in 1802 and 1803.

The first overland expedition to reach the Gulf was the Burke and Wills expedition, led by Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills. They left Melbourne in August 1860 and reached the Bynoe River in February 1861.



Le Monde's 100 Books of the Century

"Le Mondes 100 Books of the Century"' is a list of books thought to be the 100 best of the 20th century. The list was made in 1999 by the French retail store Fnac and the Paris newspaper "Le Monde".

Starting with a list of 200 titles made by bookshops and journalists, 17,000 French people answered the question, "Which books have stayed in your memory?" The list includes novels, poetry, theatre, and comic strips. Some received the Nobel Prize in Literature. 

Note: Language and Country refer to the author's career generally, not to the book specifically.


Anton de Bary

Heinrich Anton de Bary (26 January 1831 – 19 January 1888) was a German surgeon, botanist, microbiologist, and mycologist (fungal systematics and physiology). 

He is considered a founding father of plant pathology (phytopathology) as well as the founder of modern mycology. His extensive and careful studies of the life history of fungi and contribution to the understanding of algae and higher plants were landmarks of biology.

De Bary studied the formation of lichens, the association between a fungus and an alga. He traced the stages through which they grew and reproduced and the adaptations which enabled them to survive drought and winter. He coined the word 'symbiosis' in 1879 in his monograph as "the living together of unlike organisms". He carefully studied the morphology of moulds, yeasts, and fungi and he established mycology as an independent science. 

de Bary was one of the first people to do research on slime moulds (Myxomycetes). He published a key paper in 1859, and later a book on the subject.

Systematics

Systematics is one of the main fields in biology. It is closely related to taxonomy.

Systematics is the study of the diversification of life on the planet Earth, both past and present, and the relationships among living things through time. 

Relationships are usually seen as evolutionary trees (cladograms, phylogenetic trees, phylogenies). 

Phylogenies have two components, "branching order" (showing group relationships) and "branch length" (showing amount of evolution). Phylogenetic trees of species and higher taxa are used to study the evolution of traits (anatomical or molecular characteristics), and the distribution of organisms (biogeography). Systematics is used to help us understand the evolutionary history of life on Earth.

"Systematic biology" and "taxonomy" are terms that are often confused and used interchangeably. They were defined as follows:
Systematics is the field which (a) provides scientific names for organisms, (b) describes them, (c) preserves collections of them, (d) provides classifications for the organisms, keys for their identification, and data on their distributions, (e) investigates their evolutionary histories, and (f) considers their environmental adaptations. Taxonomy is that part of systematics concerned with topics (a) to (d) above.

Artivism

Artivism combines art and activism. Artivism developed since the Berlin wall collapsed while the anti-globalization and antiwar protests emerged and proliferated. In most of the cases artivists attempt to push political agendas by the means of art and especially, but not only street art.

Protesting against the War in Vietnam, American "hippies" could use poetry, songs, sittings and other non traditional demonstration techniques.

In 1993, Act Up-Paris put a gigantic pink condom on the Concord Obelisk. It was Land art in a way. And it rose interest in France about VIH infection risks. In Mexico the "intergalactic" anonymous Chiapas mouvement used "phony icons", like sub-commander Marcos to attract attention from the media.

In some cases, in Paris in 2003 for instance, artivists were arrested for acts of political art that verged on property destruction. A typical short term goal of artivists is to reclaim public space, especially by subvertising or destroying ads in urban areas or city transportation systems. Nevertheless, artivists engage in different media like the internet not only for actions which could be described as hacktivism.

Often the acts of artivists can be referred to as part of the larger concept of culture jamming.

Artivists are often found in social centers.

List of science fiction awards

Several awards are given to authors, editors and illustrators for creating works of science fiction. These awards show that fans or other professionals recognize the quality of stories, novels, movies, illustrations, or other works. Awards are usually given once a year. The list below gives the name of the award, additional information, and the year it began.






Gold Coast, Queensland

The Gold Coast () is the name given to a 57-kilometre long stretch of coast in the south east corner of Queensland, Australia. At the south end is the town of Coolangatta on the border with New South Wales. The north end of the Gold Coast is at Beenleigh and includes South Stradbroke Island. It also includes the foothills of the Great Dividing Range. The Gold Coast is famous for its surf beaches which include Coolangatta, Currumbin, Palm Beach, Burleigh Heads, Miami, Broadbeach, Surfers Paradise and Main Beach. The Gold Coast City is the sixth largest city in Australia with a population of more than 515,000 people (2010). It has a humid subtropical climate (Cfa in the Koeppen climate classification). Summers are hot and wet; winters are warm with moderate rainfall. It is a very popular place for holidays and has its own international airport. Many people go there for the beaches and to visit the theme parks which include Warner Bros. Movie World, Dreamworld, Seaworld and Wet and Wild.

A lot of houses on the Gold Coast are built in canal estates with over 260 kilometers of canals. Q1 is the tallest residential building in the world. Including the spire it reaches 322.5 metres above the street.

Plaza Monumental Román Eduardo Sandia

Plaza Monumental Román Eduardo Sandia also known as the Plaza de Toros de Mérida is a plaza de toros first class located in the city of Mérida, Venezuela being one of the main infrastructure for cultural and artistic events to large scale of the city after the Estadio Olímpico Metropolitano and the fence locations for the bullfights in the frame of the Feria Internacional del Sol.

The Plaza was inaugurated in 1967 to serve as a forum to various events of Ferias del Sol, and has a capacity of 16,000 spectators.
He has received prominent bullfighters like Julian López "El Juli", Francisco Rivera Ordóñez, Juan José "Morante de la Puebla", Miguel Ángel Perera, Enrique Ponce, Francisco Rivera "Paquirrí", Pálomo Lináres, Javier Conde, Manuel Bénitez "El Cordobés", José María Manzanares, Antonio Barrera, Paquito Perlaza, Leonardo Bénitez, Luis Bolivar, David Fandila "El Fandi", Mary Paz Vega, Morenito de Maracay, Nerio Ramirez "El Tovareño", Rafael Orellana, César Vanegas, César Faraco, Eduardo Valenzuela, among others.

But he has also received several Venezuelan and international artists and singers like Juanes, Maná, Desorden Público, Caramelos de Cianuro, Franco De Vita, Paulina Rubio, Chino y Nacho, Don Omar, Tito El Bambino, Molotov, Wisin & Yandel, Dalmata, Vos Veis, Los Hombres G, Aterciopelados, Jorge Celedón, Jean Carlos Centeno, L'squadron, Tecupae, Luis Silva, Armando Martínez, among others.


Angolemi

Angolemi (Turkish: "Taşpınar" or "Angolem" - the old name) is a village in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. Its population is 212. Its area is 6.727 km. It is a village of Lefka Municipality. It is in the Nicosia District of the Republic of Cyprus and Güzelyurt District of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.

Kim Jong-pil

Kim Jong-pil (, January 7, 1926 – June 23, 2018) was a former South Korean politician and general. 

He fought in the Korean War. He was the 11th Prime minister of South Korea (1971 to 1975), 31th Prime minister of South Korea (1998 to 2000). first Central Intelligence Agency of South Korea 1961 to 1963. His nickname was 'Unjeong'(Korea:운정, hanja:雲庭) or 'JP'.

Kim died on June 23, 2018 in Seoul from respiratory failure at the age of 92.


Vanessa Williams

Vanessa Lynn Williams (born March 18, 1963), known professionally as Vanessa L. Williams or Vanessa Williams, is an American singer, actress, producer and former fashion model. In 1983, she became the first African-American woman crowned Miss America, but a scandal occurred when "Penthouse" bought and published nude photographs of her. She left her title early and was succeeded by the first runner-up, Suzette Charles of New Jersey. Williams earned multiple Grammy, Emmy, and Tony Award nominations.

Williams released her debut album The Right Stuff in 1988, which spawned the hits "The Right Stuff". "The Right Stuff" was a No. 1 on Hot Dance Songs. "Dreamin'" was a No. 1 on R&B and No. 8 on Billboard Hot 100. Her second studio album The Comfort Zone in 1991 topped the Billboard R&B Album Chart, which spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit "Save the Best for Last". In 1994 she performed on Broadway in the musical Kiss of the Spider Woman. In 1995 she recorded "Colors of the Wind", which became the Oscar-winner for Best Original Song from the Disney animated feature movie "Pocahontas", which reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Williams was born in Millwood, New York. She is the daughter of music teachers Helen L. (née Tinch) and Milton Augustine Williams, Jr. A DNA test revealed that her ancestry is 23% from Ghana, 17% from the British Isles, 15% from Cameroon, 12% Finnish, 11% Southern European, 7% Togo, 6% Benin, 5% Senegal and 4% Portuguese. Her parents, put on her birth announcement "Here she is: Miss America"

In September 1983, she became the first African American woman to be crowned Miss America, There was a scandal when Penthouse magazine bought and published nude photographs of her. She gave up her title early and was succeeded by the first runner-up, Suzette Charles of New Jersey. Since then, Vanessa has been successful in every area of her life.

Williams released her debut album "The Right Stuff" in 1988, which spawned the hits "The Right Stuff", a #1 on Hot Dance Songs, and "Dreamin'" a #1 on R&B and #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Her second studio album, "The Comfort Zone", in 1991 topped the "Billboard" R&B Album Chart, which spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit "Save the Best for Last". In 1994, she did her first Broadway musical "Kiss of the Spider Woman". In 1995, she recorded "Colors of the Wind", the Oscar-winner for Best Original Song from the Disney animated feature film "Pocahontas", which went to #4 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Williams' first film acting role was as the co-star of the Arnold Schwarzenegger feature film "Eraser" in 1996. She has also been in movies "Soul Food", "Dance with Me", "The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland", "Shaft" and "Johnson Family Vacation". From 2006 to 2010, she played the role of the scheming, self-absorbed diva and former supermodel Wilhelmina Slater in the ABC comedy series "Ugly Betty", for which she got three Emmy Awards nominations. In 2009, Williams released her eighth studio album, "The Real Thing". From 2010 to 2012, she starred in "Desperate Housewives" as spoiled rich woman Renee Perry. She currently stars in the supernatural drama series "666 Park Avenue".

Williams is most often known and publicly recognized simply as "Vanessa Williams". There is, however, occasional confusion with similarly named actress Vanessa A. Williams, who is just two months younger.
It has been reported that Williams first became aware of Vanessa A. in the 1980s when her New York University registrar told her that another, similarly aged student with the same name and from the same state had applied. When Williams appeared as Miss America in a Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Vanessa A. accidentally received her check for the appearance, which she returned.

The two ran into name conflict when Screen Actors Guild rules stopped the same stage naming. Vanessa A. had registered the name "Vanessa Williams" first. As a compromise, Williams was occasionally credited as "Vanessa L. Williams" in acting credits. Both actresses starred in versions of the drama "Soul Food" (Williams in the film version, and Vanessa A. in its "Soul Food" adaptation). The Screen Actors Guild eventually took the issue to arbitration, and decided that both actresses could use the professional name "Vanessa Williams". Today, Williams' prominence has led to a more wide association with the stage name "Vanessa Williams", so much so that it has widely become only known to her. She is credited as such in the American television series "Ugly Betty" and "Desperate Housewives". Williams is also the owner of the internet domain name vanessawilliams.com. Today, the younger Vanessa Williams is most often publicly and professionally referenced as "Vanessa A. Williams".

Tiger salamander

The tiger salamander is a species of mole salamander. Another name for this salamander is the eastern tiger salamander.

Eastern tiger salamanders are big, with a normal length of 6–8 inches (15–20 cm). They can grow up to 14 inches (36 cm) in length. Grown-ups are usually spotted with grey, green, or black, and have large eyes. They have short mouths, big necks, strong legs, and long tails. They eat small insects and worms. Sometimes, grown ups eat small frogs and baby mice

Adults are almost never seen in open fields and often live in holes that are usually 2 feet from the top. Tiger salamanders almost always stay on land as adults, and usually only return to the water to lay eggs. But they also live in both land and water. Tiger salamanders like to swim, even if they enjoy living on land more. They are good swimmers. Like all ambystomatids, they are extremely loyal to their birthplace, and will travel long distances to go back. However, a single tiger salamander has only a 50% chance of laying eggs more than once in its lifetime. Males bump a female to initiate mating, and then deposit a spermatophore on the lake bottom. The female picks up the packet and deposits the now-fertilized eggs on vegetation. Large-scale captive breeding of Tiger salamanders has not been accomplished, for unknown reasons.

The larvae are entirely aquatic, with large gills on the outside and a big tail fin that begins just behind the head. Arms are grown within a short time of coming out of their egg. Some larvae metamorphose quickly. These are known as 'small morph adults'. Other larvae, especially in ancestral pools and warmer climates, may not metamorphose until fully adult size. These large larvae are usually known as waterdogs, and are used many times in the fishing bait and pet trade. Some populations may not metamorphose at all, and become sexually mature while in their larval form. These are the neotenes, and are particularly common where terrestrial conditions are bad.

While remaining common in many places, tiger salamander numbers have gone down compared with old levels. One of the threats to them is wetland (habitat) destruction. Since they tend to breed in semipermanent wetlands, baby tiger salamanders often experience mass deaths in association with pond drying. 

The California tiger salamander ("Ambystoma californiense"), the barred tiger salamander ("Ambystoma mavortium"), and the plateau tiger salamander ("Ambystoma velasci"), were all once subspecies of "A. tigrinum", but are now separate species. Genetic studies made it right to break up the first "A. tigrinum" population, even though there is some hybridization between the groups.

The Axolotl is also a relative of the tiger salamander. 



Brewing

Brewing is the process of making beer. It is usually made in a brewery, though it can be made at home. It is made by adding yeast that ferment malt, barley or sugar into a large vat. Ethanol is produced by yeasts using up the energy from the mixture (which the yeasts digest into glucose) because there is no oxygen in the vat.

Interborough Rapid Transit Company

The Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT) was the first operator of the original underground New York City Subway line that opened in 1904, as well as other earlier railways and rapid transit lines in New York City. The company was bought by New York City in June 1940. The former IRT lines (the numbered lines in the current subway system) are now the A Division or IRT Division of the Subway.

The following services are or were part of the IRT or MTA IRT Division:


BSFA Award

The BSFA Awards are prizes given every year by the British Science Fiction Association (BSFA). The prize is for excellent works of science fiction. The first BSFA Award was given in 1970. Prizes are given for works from the year before the award is given. At first, the award was only for novels. Categories for short works and artwork were added in 1980. Awards for media were given from 1979 to 1992. In 2002, the BSFA Award started to be given for nonfiction too.

Members of the BSFA vote for the nominees who may win an award and then for the final winners. Recently members of Eastercon also vote.











































Reticulated python

The reticulated python (Python reticulatus) is a species of "Python" found in Southeast Asia. Adults can grow to 22.8 feet (6.95 m) in length but average is 9.8-19.7 feet. They are the world's longest snakes and longest reptile, but not the most heavily built. They usually weigh about 350 lbs. The thickest and heaviest living snake is the anaconda, also known as the green anaconda. Like all pythons, they are non-venomous constrictors (they squeeze their prey) and normally not considered dangerous to humans. Although large ones are powerful enough to kill an adult human, attacks seldom happen.

Qwest

Qwest Communications International Inc. was an American telecom company. It served 14 north central and western states. Qwest merged with Baby Bell company US West Communications during 2000. US West had consisted of Pacific Northwest Bell, Mountain Bell and Northwestern Bell before 1991, during which year the three telephone companies merged to become US West. Qwest Communications was founded around 1996.

On April 22, 2010, CenturyLink announced that it was going to buy Qwest for $22.4 billion. CenturyLink's purchase of Qwest was completed in early 2011. Qwest now operates as part of CenturyLink.


Conan (TV series)

Conan is a late-night talk show on TBS. It is hosted by Conan O'Brien, who used to host "The Tonight Show" and "Late Night with Conan O'Brien". His sidekick and announcer is Andy Richter, and his band is Jimmy Vivino and the Basic Cable Band. The show started in November 2010, and ended in 2021. A show has two celebrity guests and a monologue. In addition, there is either a musical guest or a stand-up comedian. Rounding out the show are comedy bits, which include spoofs of local newscasts, recurring characters, and ridiculous things happening to trombone player LaBamba Rosenberg.

Flag carrier

A flag carrier is an airline or ship line that is owned by the government of the country it is based in. Sometimes this means that the company has a monopoly on some routes, especially those to other countries. The term may have come about because of laws that all planes and ships have to show the flag of the country they are registered in.

Somewhere in Time (album)

Somewhere in Time is a studio album by Iron Maiden. It went on sale on 29 June 1986. It was the third most popular album in England when it started being sold.

The album got average reviews; one reviewer said that it was "less inspired" than Iron Maiden's earlier albums, but that the first half of it was still good.


Baird's tapir

Baird’s tapir (Tapirus bairdii) is a species of tapir that is native to Central America and northern South America. It is one of four Latin American species of tapir.

Baird’s tapir is found in the dense jungles of Central America, including southeastern Mexico, Belize, Guatemala, Honduras, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Panama, Colombia, and Ecuador.

The animal can be found at altitudes as high as 3,350 metres (10,990 ft).

Malayan tapir

The Malayan tapir ("Tapirus indicus"), also called the Asian tapir, Asiatic tapir, Oriental tapir, Indian tapir, or piebald tapir, is the largest of the five species of tapir. It the only one native to Asia. This shows that the original distribution of its family was much wider, because all the other species are found in Central or South America.

The scientific name refers to the East Indies, the species' natural habitat. In the Malay, the tapir is commonly referred to as "cipan", "tenuk" or "badak tampong".

Ford Ranger

Ford Ranger is a North American pickup truck distributed via Ford Motor Company. The Ranger currently in operation dates back to around 1983, although the name "Ranger" first got used on other types of Ford trucks in 1965. The Ford Ranger was discontinued in 2011, though it will be brought back in 2019.

Korea under Japanese rule

Korea under Japanese rule is a term to define Korea when it was under Japanese control. Japanese victory in the First Sino-Japanese War in 1895 and in the Russo-Japanese War in 1905 cleared the way. Japan controlled Korea for 35 years during Japanese Imperialism. The Japanese control of Korea lasted from 22 August 1910 until 15 August 1945. The Japanese rulers of Korea left the country on 2 September 1945. In Japan, the more common term is "Korea of the Japanese-Governed Period" (日本統治時代の朝鮮, Nippon Tōchi-jidai no Chosen).

The period is usually divided into three parts. In 1910-1919, the Japanese treated Koreans very badly. From 1919 to 1930-s they created better policies to deal with the Korean people. However, they later tried to force them to become Japanese.

Despite them being allies to the United States and having an interest in each other's cultures, Japanese and Koreans still tend to have suspicion of each other because of how Japan treated Korea during its time as a colony


Melanin

Melanin is a special pigment of the epidermis. It helps protect the body from the sun's radiation. This pigment contributes to the color of the skin and is produced deep within the layers of the epidermis. It is created from amino acid tyrosine It help our skin to protect from the sun.


Hey There, It's Yogi Bear

Hey There, It's Yogi Bear is a movie starring Daws Butler, Don Messick, Julie Bennett, and Mel Blanc. It is based on the Hanna-Barbera cartoon show, "The Yogi Bear Show".

Yogi tells Ranger Smith that he wants out of the park, so he tries to get Yogi sent away. Cindy gets captured by an evil circus owner, so Yogi and Boo-Boo leave Jellystone Park to save her.


Mercury (automobile)

Mercury was one of the automobile divisions owned by Ford. The company was founded in 1938. Between 1945 and 2011, it was the Mercury half of the Lincoln-Mercury division of the Ford Motor Company. The vehicles made by Mercury include Mountaineer, Sable, Milan and Grand Marquis. The Mercury brand was discontinued in early 2011.
The car was called Mercury because it was the name of the Roman god of messengers. This claims the car's performance was good.

Adelaide of Austria

Adelaide of Austria (Adelheid Franziska Marie Rainera Elisabeth Clotilde; 3 June 1822 – 20 January 1855) was the first wife of Victor Emmanuel II of Sardinia, future King of Italy. She was the mother of eight children including the future Umberto I of Italy. She was the Queen of Sardinia from 1849 until 1855 when she died as a result of childbirth. The present Italian pretender is her direct great great grandson.

She was born at the Royal Palace of Milan to Rainer Joseph of Austria and his wife Elisabeth of Savoy. Named "Adelaide", or known as "Adele" in the family, she held the title of Archduchess of Austria. Her father was the Viceroy of Lombardy-Venetia and was a son of the Holy Roman Emperor Leopold II and Maria Luisa of Spain. Her mother was a member of the House of Savoy and a daughter of the then Prince of Carignano, the head of the junior branch of the House of Savoy who ruled the Kingdom of Sardinia.

On 12 April 1842, at the Palazzina di caccia di Stupinigi, she married Victor Emmanuel of Savoy. The marriage was used to strengthen relations between the House of Savoy and that of the House of Habsburg but was viewed by many people of the time to increase Austrian power in Italy.

Victor Emmanuel was her first cousin and heir apparent to the King of Sardinia. He was styled the ""Duke of Savoy"" prior to succession. Adelaide thus took on the style of ""Duchess of Savoy"". She maintained her style of "Imperial & Royal Highness" till she became Queen.

Her husband's mother Maria Theresa of Austria retained great influence over her son throughout his life. Her mother-in-law was also her first cousin, both she and Adelaide being grandchildren of Emperor Leopold II. Adelaide and her husband of thirteen years had eight children. Four of these went on to have further progeny. Her husband had various extramarital affairs throughout the marriage. Adelaide was a quiet and religious woman and had had a strict upbringing. A loving wife and frequently would give to charity.

In March 1849 her father-in-law King Charles Albert abdicated after the events of the Revolutions of 1848. Her husband succeeded as Victor Emmanuel II of Sardinia. During her tenure as queen consort she had three further children all of which died in infancy. On 8 January 1855 she gave birth to a son who was styled the "Count of Genevois". Days later Queen Maria Theresa died on 12 January 1855. Adelaide went to the late queens funeral on 16 January and returning to the palace caught a cold. She died four days later at the Royal Palace of Turin having had an acute attack of Gastroenteritis. Another story says that Adelaide died of her burns after stepping on a match that set fire to her clothes. She was buried at the Royal Basilica of Superga. In 1861 her husband would become the first post-unification King of Italy. Her husband wed again to Rosa Vercellana in a morganatic marriage. 




Wolbachia

Wolbachia is a genus of bacteria which infects arthropod species, including a high proportion of insects. It is one of the world's most common parasitic microbes and is possibly the most common reproductive parasite in the biosphere. 

Erotica (song)

"Erotica" is the lead single of Madonna's 1992 album of the same name. The song was released during October 1992. This single caused controversy when it was released because the music and lyrics are suggestive of sexual intercourse. This was thought to be bad by some people and critics. 

American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials

AASHTO means American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials. It is a standards setting body which publishes specifications, quality control protocols and guidelines which are used in highway design and construction throughout the United States. Despite its name, the association represents not only highways but air, rail, water, and public transportation as well.

Though AASHTO is not a government body, it possesses quasi-governmental powers in the sense that the organizations that supply its members customarily obey most AASHTO decisions. 

Besides its publications, AASHTO performs or cooperates in research projects. 

Great Migration (African American)

The Great Migration was the migration (movement) of around 6 million African Americans out of the Southern United States to the Midwest, Northeast and West. The main reasons African Americans left the South were to escape racism and seek jobs in industrial cities. There is a series of paintings about it. 

When a lot of African Americans moved to the south from the 1960s and onwards, it was called the New Great Migration. In 1963 to 2000, data shows the movement of African Americans back to the South following de-industrialization in Northeastern and Midwestern cities, the growth of good jobs in the South, and better racial relations. Many people moved back because of family ties.

Dione (mythology)

Dione in Greek mythology is a vague goddess presence who has her most concrete was the mother of Aphrodite. Zeus was the father are stories about Dione are in the Iliad by Homer. Aphrodite journeys to Dione's side after she has been wounded in battle while protecting her favorite son Aeneas.

Marilyn Quayle

Marilyn Tucker-Quayle (born July 29, 1949) is an American lawyer and novelist. She was the second lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 as the wife of the 44th vice president of the United States, Dan Quayle. 

She was born in Indianapolis. Her parents were Mary Alice (nee Craig, died 1975) and Warren Samuel Tucker (died 2004). She is the fourth of six children. She has three sisters (Nancy, Sally, and Janet) and two brothers (James and William). Marilyn's parents were both doctors. Her maternal grandfather was born in Maybole, Scotland.

 

New York Herald

The New York Herald was a daily newspaper based in New York City. The paper was circulated from 1835 to 1924. The first issue of the paper was published by James Gordon Bennett, Sr. on May 6, 1835. By 1845, it was the most popular and most bought daily newspaper in the United States. In 1861, it had sold about 84,000 copies and called itself "the most largely circulated journal in the world." Bennett said that the point of newspapers "is not to instruct but to startle."

Bennett's politics influenced the articles in the "Herald". He tended to be anti-Catholic, but not particularly anti-immigrant like most people who did not like the Catholics in New York at the time. During the American Civil War, it was a staunch supporter of the Democratic Party. When the "Herald" was still controlled by Bennett, it was considered to be the most sensationalist of the leading New York papers at the time.


Yelawolf

Michael Wayne Atha (born December 30, 1979), known by his stage name Yelawolf, is an American rapper. He is of Caucasian and Cherokee descent, and his stage name Yelawolf is a reference to his Native American roots.








Condamine, Queensland

Condamine is a very small town of 150 people in Queensland, Australia, 373km west of the state capital, Brisbane. It is built on the banks of the Condamine River. The town is famous for being mentioned in songs, stories and poems. The song "Banks of the Condamine" is about the girlfriend of a shearer who wants to go shearing with him. In it also mentioned in poems by Breaker Morant and Dame Mary Gilmour. Steele Rudd also mentions the town in his stories.

In 1827 Allan Cunningham became The first Europen to visit the Condamine area was Alan Cunningham in 1827. He named the river after Governor Ralph Darling's assistant whose surname was De la Condamine. The town was settled in 1859.

During the 2010-2011 Queensland floods the town was flooded twice, and all the people had to be taken to other areas.

Premier of Queensland

The Premier of Queensland is the head of the Government of Queensland, Australia. The Premier does the same job at a state level as the Prime Minister of Australia does at a national level. Formal power is held by the Queen who is represented in Queensland by the Governor of Queensland. The Governor acts on the advice given to him by the Premier. The current Premier of Queensland is Annastacia Palaszczuk.

Queensland is governed under the Westminster system of parliamentary government. Unlike other Australian states, it is not a bicameral system, having only one elected house. This house is called the Legislative Assembly. After an election, the State Governor appoints as Premier, the leader of the party who can control a majority of the elected members in the lower house. The Premier must resign if they no longer have a majority in the Legislative Assembly. This can happen if they lose seats at an election, or if their own political party does not support them.

Queensland was a British colony, and power was held by the Governor. In 1859 Britain allowed Queensland to have its own parliament, and the power was passed to the Premier.

Mary Fallin

Mary Fallin (born December 9, 1954) is an American politician. She was the 27th Governor of the U.S. state of Oklahoma from 2011 to 2019. Before becoming governor, she was a U.S. Representative, serving from 2007 until 2011.

She is the second woman elected to the United States Congress from Oklahoma. The first was Alice Mary Robertson in 1921. She was the first Republican and first woman to serve as Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma. She served in that post from 1995 to 2007. She is also the first woman to serve as Governor in the state of Oklahoma.

Fallin was raised in Tecumseh. Her mother and father both served terms as mayor of Tecumseh. She is a graduate of Tecumseh High School. She attended Oklahoma Baptist University in Shawnee and University of Central Oklahoma in Edmond. Fallin has a Bachelor of Science degree from Oklahoma State University.

Fallin has two children, Christina and Price. They live in Oklahoma City. Fallin was first elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 1990. She served two terms.

In 1995, Fallin became Oklahoma’s first woman and first Republican to be elected as the Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma. She served as president of the Senate and on 10 boards and commissions. She followed an aggressive agenda focusing on economic development, education, health care and government reform during her 12 years in office.

In the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing, she formed a task force to rebuild the childcare center lost in the disaster. Fallin also initiated Project Homesafe, a gun safety program that has distributed more than 80,000 free cable gun locks to Oklahomans.

Fallin did not seek re-election in 2006 as lieutenant governor. She ran for the 5th Congressional District seat being vacated by Ernest Istook. In the July 25 GOP primary, she received the most votes. On August 22, she faced the second-place finisher, Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett in the GOP candidate runoff election. She won with 63% of the vote.

Fallin was elected on November 7, defeating Democrat Paul David Hunter. She is the first woman elected to Congress from Oklahoma since 1921. Alice Mary Robertson was the first woman to be elected to U.S. Congress from Oklahoma. She resigned her office on January 2, 2007 in order to be sworn in to Congress on January 4, 2007. Lieutenant Governor-elect Jari Askins was appointed by Oklahoma Governor Brad Henry to fill the remaining days of Fallin's term.

Fallin easily won reelection in 2008. During her last term in Congress, Fallin served on the House Committee on Armed Services, the House Committee on Small Business, and the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.

On November 10, 2010, Fallin defeated Jari Askins with more than 60% of the vote.


Laayoune

Laayoune (or El Aaiún) is a city in northern Western Sahara. It is the capital. About 200,000 people live there. 

Loris

The Lorises are solitary mammals that live in tropical rainforests in southeast Asia. The loris is arboreal, living in trees. It is nocturnal, most active at night. In captivity, the loris lives for up to 13 years.

The loris is a group of primates. They are closely related to galagos and slightly less closely related to lemurs. 

The loris has enormous eyes, grasping fingers, and toes with opposable digits. The loris ranges from 7 to 15 inches (18 to 38 cm) long. It has a stubby tail, only about 1 inch (3 cm) long.

The loris is an omnivore (eating plants and animals); it eats mostly insects, lizards, fruits, and some plant shoots.

Sogod, Cebu

Sogod is a 4th class municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2007 census, it has a population of 28,955 people.

Sogod is politically subdivided into 18 barangays.


Rockhampton

Rockhampton is a city in Queensland, Australia. In June 2018, 78,592 people lived there. It is built on the banks of the Fitzroy River about 30 km from the coast. It is called the "Beef Capital of Australia." The town was first settled in 1855, and grew when gold was found in the Fitzroy River in 1858, and later at Mount Morgan. The town is the service centre for a large number of cattle stations (large farms). There are two abattoirs for exporting beef from Rockhampton. There are also large coal mines to the west of Rockhampton, and a magnesium mine. 

Rockhampton was flooded during the 2010-2011 Queensland floods and was completely cut off. Road, rail and the airport were covered in water.

Lightning Bar

Lightning Bar was an American Quarter Horse racehorse and breeding stallion. He was owned by Art Pollard. Lightning Bar's father was a Thoroughbred, and his mother was originally from Louisiana. Louisiana was known for breeding racehorses that ran short distances. Although he only raced for one year, he still managed to achieve an AAA speed index. His racing career was cut short by illnesses. After racing, he became a show horse and a roping horse. As a breeding stallion, he only fathered eight crops of foals, but fathered a number of important horses. His most famous son was Doc Bar. Lightning Bar died in 1960 from disease, at the age of 9. Lightning Bar was inducted into the American Quarter Horse Association's (AQHA's) American Quarter Horse Hall of Fame in 2008.

Born in 1951, Lightning Bar was bred to be a racehorse. Injuries and illnesses kept him from racing past the age of two. He was bred by Art Pollard, who owned him his entire life. He was fathered by Three Bars, a Thoroughbred stallion later inducted into the AQHA Hall of Fame. Lightning Bar's mother was Della P, a daughter of the Thoroughbred stallion Doc Horn. His maternal grandmother, was a mare who was never given a name and was sired by Old D. J. Art Pollard bought Della P from "Dink" Parker for $1,750 ($ as of 2024) in the late 1940s. Della P was bred in Louisiana, which was a leading state breeding short distance racehorses during the years 1900–1940. Della P was brought to Arizona by Parker. 

When Lightning Bar was about 5 days old, Pollard was afraid that he had leg problems and was buck-kneed. Pollard thought about putting the young horse to sleep. First, though, he asked the advice of Parker. Pollard later said about the story, "Dink just looked at me and shook his head. 'Ain't you ever gonna learn nothing? That colt's just what you're looking for.' " When mature, Lightning Bar stood 15.2 hands (or ) tall and weighed about . He was a sorrel-colored horse.

Lightning Bar started ten times on the racetrack. He won four times, came in second three times, and came in third once. Among those finishes, he ran second and third in two stakes races. His total earnings on the track were $1,491 ($ as of 2024). His highest speed index, or comparative rating of his speed, was AAA. He only raced for one year, as he suffered from pneumonia, distemper, and injured legs. He did equal one track record for two-year-olds at Pomona Racetrack, running in 17.2 seconds. 

After Lightning Bar's racing career, he went on to be a show horse. He earned 18 open halter points with the AQHA. He earned an AQHA Champion award in 1955. He won one grand championship and one reserve championship in halter classes at recognized AQHA shows.

The first year Lightning Bar stood as a breeding stallion, his stud fee, or the fee charged to breed a mare to him, was $250 ($ as of 2024). Only nine mares were bred to him. The next year, he only bred 11 mares. In 1956, he bred 102 mares at $500 ($ as of 2024) each. One of Pollard's attempts to advertise his stallion involved letting one of his ranch hands take the stallion to a local jackpot roping. Pollard assumed that the employee would just ride Lightning Bar around and show him off. Pollard later discovered that more was involved. Pollard said later that "I should have been suspicious when he (the ranch hand) returned with Lightning Bar that afternoon, with a sheepish grin on his face. I asked him how the horse was received and he said 'The stud did good and I won the jackpot!' After congratulating him, I asked which rope horse he had used. He replied, 'The stud.' "

Pollard said of Lightning Bar that "I always had to be careful about the kind of latch I used on a gate with that horse. He could figure them out faster than I could. He would open a gate, and go for a stroll." Lightning Bar sired 148 foals in his eight breeding seasons. 118 of those foals went on to either race or show careers. 108 of his foals started races, and 77 of them won races, with a total of $476,949 total earnings. Lightning Belle was the foal who earned the most on the racetrack, earning $60,134 ($ as of 2024).

Five of Lightning Bar's foals earned AQHA Championships: Cactus Comet, Crash Bang, Lightning Rey, Pana Bar and Relampago Bar. One earned a Supreme Championship, Lightning Rey. His offspring earned $1,163.32 in National Cutting Horse Association competition. Another four earned a Superior Halter Horse title.

Lightning Bar died in June 1960 from Colitis-X, a virus of unknown origin that can kill quickly without warning. The virus infected a large number of Pollard's horses. Only three horses that caught the disease survived. Pollard was so heart-broken, he sold off his remaining stock and did not return to the Quarter Horse business for 15 years. Pollard later said about the loss of his horses that "it was a nightmare when they were wiped out. Even now, we can still feel the sadness of losing those horses." Another time, Pollard said that "Someone once said that a man deserves one good woman and one good dog in his lifetime. To that quip I would add one good horse. I certainly had one in Lightning Bar."

Lightning Bar was inducted into the American Quarter Horse Association's American Quarter Horse Hall of Fame in 2008. Lightning Bar's most famous son was Doc Bar, who also was inducted into the Hall of Fame. Two stakes races were run in his memory, the first one at Los Alamitos Racetrack for one year in 1961. The second ran from 1962 to 1966 and was at Ruidoso Downs in New Mexico.



Shonisaurus

Shonisaurus is the largest ichthyosaur, and the largest extinct marine animal that has yet been found. It was found first in rocks of the Upper Triassic in Nevada, and later in British Columbia.

Fossils of "Shonisaurus" were first found in a large deposit in Nevada in 1920. Thirty years later, they were excavated, uncovering the remains of 37 very large ichthyosaurs. These were named "Shonisaurus", ("Lizard from the Shoshone Mountains"). "Shonisaurus" lived 216–203 million years ago.

"S. popularis" was about 15 metres (50 ft) long. A longer specimen is now placed in "Shastasaurus" rather than "Shonisaurus". "Shonisaurus" had a long pointed mouth that contained teeth only at the front end. It had a large whale-like body, a long dolphin-like snout, and its flippers were much longer, and narrower than in other ichthyosaurs. All of these features suggest that "Shonisaurus" may be a relatively specialised offshoot of the main ichthyosaur evolutionary line.
The first species discovered, "S. popularis", was adopted as the state fossil of Nevada in 1984. Excavations, begun in 1954 under the direction of Charles Camp and Samuel Welles of the University of California, Berkeley, were continued by Camp throughout the 60s.

The Nevada fossil is at the Berlin–Ichthyosaur State Park, Nevada, USA. The park has several undisturbed ichthyosaur fossils of the species "Shonisaurus popularis" as well as the early-20th Century ghost town of Berlin. The park is about east of Reno.

The discovery of "S. sikkanniensis" in British Columbia in the 1990s made "S. popularis" the smaller of the "Shonisaurus" species. An ichthyosaur found in the Himalayan mountains called "Himalayasaurus", may be the same animal as "Shonisaurus".

The British Columbia specimen was described as follows:

Its slender skull and lack of teeth except at the front are obvious adaptations to its method of feeding. They are like those of modern whales which feed on squid, such as the pilot whale and sperm whale.



Twenty20

Twenty20 or T20 cricket is a short version of the game of cricket. It started in England for inter-county competitions in 2003. A Twenty20 game has two teams, each has a single innings at batting for a maximum of 20 overs. 

A Twenty20 game is usually takes about three and half hours, with each innings lasting around 75 minutes. This means that it is similar to other team sports. It was hoped that the games would have more action and that people would enjoy the games, both at the ground and on television. It has been very successful. The England Cricket Board did not want Twenty20 to take over from other forms of cricket and these are still played.

The game has now spread around the whole cricket world. On most international tours there is at least one Twenty20 match and all Test-playing nations have their own competitions. The first ICC World Twenty20 was played in South Africa in 2007 with India winning by five runs against Pakistan in the final. Pakistan won the 2009 ICC World Twenty20, defeating Sri Lanka by eight wickets. England won the 2010 ICC World Twenty20 defeating Australia in the final by seven wickets.

All T20 World Cups as of 2021:


Hands All Over (song)

"Hands All Over" is a single released under A&M/Octone Records by pop/rock band "Maroon 5". It is the 3rd single released off of the band's 3rd studio album called "Hands All Over". It was released on December 22, 2010. The music video for the song was leaked on YouTube and Yahoo! Music on December 23, 2010.

The music video for "Hands All Over" was leaked on Maroon 5's home YouTube page on December 23, 2010. However, the music video was leaked on YouTube for only if a user had the link to the video. The band released the link for anyone on Facebook and Twitter. The Facebook page "Hands All Over (Maroon 5 album) 9.21.10" leaked the leak along with the band's official Facebook page.

The music video shows a somewhat animated feature showing the bandmates performing in separate areas with "hands" on the bodies of the band members.

Never Gonna Leave This Bed

"Never Gonna Leave This Bed" is the 4th single released by pop/rock band "Maroon 5" under A&M/Octone Records off the album "Hands All Over". The song was written by frontman Adam Levine and produced by producer Robert "Mutt" Lange. The single was released on February 22, 2011.

The music video for the song was shot at several different places including Santa Monica and downtown Los Angeles, California. The video shows scenes of Levine and his girlfriend in 3 different bed settings including a bed setting on the beach of Santa Monica, a bed setting on Broadway in Los Angeles, CA, and a bed setting in the upper floor of the Hilton Hotel. The video also features the band performing in a small room, or box, more likely to be explained, on a busy street in downtown Los Angeles singing the song. The music video was released on iTunes on 8 February 2011.

The music video for the single premiered on February 5, 2011 on VH1's Top 20 Video Countdown.


Epoch (geology)

An epoch in geology is a part of a period. Thus the Cainozoic era is now divided into three periods, the Palaeogene, the Neogene and the Quaternary. These are finally broken down into these epochs: Palaeocene, Eocene, Oligocene, Miocene, Pliocene, Pleistocene and Holocene.

The Tertiary, now not used ('deprecated'), included the Palaeogene and Neogene. That is why the last period is called the Quarternary, and there was a big debate about that, too. These decisions are made by the International Union of Geological Sciences (IUGS). This organisation runs an International Commission on Stratigraphy, which decides how we should name geological strata and stages. They describe their work as follows:

Tesla (unit)

The tesla (symbol T) is the SI unit used to measure the strength of magnetic fields. Tesla can be measured in different ways; for example, one tesla is equal to one weber per square meter.

The tesla was first defined in 1960 by the General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM). It was named in honor of the physicist, electrical engineer, and inventor, Nikola Tesla.

Using only the seven base SI units, the definition of a tesla is:

Using other SI derived units, a tesla is also equal to:
The units used are:

A = ampere
<br>C = coulomb
<br>kg = kilogram
<br>m = meter
<br>N = newton
<br>s = second
<br>T = tesla
<br>V = volt
<br>Wb = weber

A tesla is also equal to 10,000 (10) gauss in the CGS system of units.


Demography

Demography studies the statistics of human populations. Demography is usually used to study dynamic (constantly changing) populations. It covers the study of the size, structure and distribution of these populations and the changes in these populations due to births, deaths, migration and emigration.
Demography can also be applied to entire groups defined by nationality, religion and ethnicity. 

Formal demography limits its object of study to the measurement of populations processes, while the more broad field of social demography population studies also analyze the relationships between economic, social, cultural and biological processes influencing a population.


Fiorello La Guardia

Fiorello Henry La Guardia (sometimes LaGuardia) (pronounced //; born Fiorello Enrico La Guardia) was Mayor of New York City for three terms from 1934 to 1945. A member of the Republican Party, La Guardia is acclaimed as one of the greatest mayors in American history.

He was elected to Congress in 1916 and 1918, and again from 1922 through 1930. La Guardia is often touted as one of the greatest mayors in American history. Since he was only five feet tall and his first name was Italian for "Little Flower", he was called "the Little Flower" throughout his life. He moved to Arizona with his family, where his father had a bandmaster position at Fort Whipple in the U.S. Army.

La Guardia, a Republican who was liked across party lines, was very popular in New York during the Great Depression. As a supporter of the New Deal, he supported President Franklin D. Roosevelt, a Democrat, and in turn Roosevelt heavily funded the city and cut off patronage from many politicians and establishments who did not support La Guardia. Many people felt that La Guardia improved New York City economically and socially and restored public faith in City Hall.

During his terms, he unified the transit system, directed the building of low-cost public housing, public playgrounds, and parks, constructed airports, reorganized the police force, defeated the powerful political machine Tammany Hall, and improved employment rates in New York City, even during the depression.

In the mid-1940s, there was a newspaper strike in New York City. La Guardia responded to the public clamor by sitting at a radio microphone and describing and reading the Sunday comics to the children of the city. He described the cartoons and portrayed the dialects and accents of the characters. This endeared La Guardia to the electorate and the children of New York and gave him a larger national image.

La Guardia’s father was a Roman Catholic-turned-atheist, and his mother was Jewish, albeit a non practising one. La Guardia himself was Episcopalian. 

La Guardia was a Freemason.

Chinchilla, Queensland

Chinchilla is a small town of 3,100 people in Queensland, Australia. It is 294 kms west of the state capital Brisbane. The Chinchilla area was first explored by Europens when Alan Cunningham made his journey from Sydney to explore the Darling Downs in 1827. Farmers arrived to settle the area in 1848 and set up Chinchilla Station. This was part of the Wongongera Station which had been set up in 1846. It was probably named after the local Aboriginal word "jinchilla" meaning cypress pine.

The railway from Brisbane reached Chinchilla in 1878. The area became well known for its' dairy farming which became the main industry. In the 1920s, the Chinchilla area, and more than 24 million hectares of Australia had become overgrown with an imported cactus, called prickly pear. In 1925 the Australian government imported a moth from Argentina, cactoblastis, which ate the prickly pear. The Chinchilla Experimental Station was set up to breed these moths and release them. At one time the station was sending out 14 million moth eggs a day.
Built on the banks of Charley's Creek, Chinchilla has been flooded several times. During the 2010-2011 Queensland floods, Chinchilla was flooded twice in two weeks.

Revelstoke Mountain Resort

Revelstoke Mountain Resort (RMR) is a ski resort near the town of Revelstoke, British Columbia, Canada. The resort is located on Mount Mackenzie, south of the town of Revelstoke. The resort has 1263 hectares (3121 acres) of terrain to ski on, accessible by chairlifts. It has a 1713 vertical meter descent. The resort has two high-speed quad chairs and an eight-person gondola. Besides the lift-access terrain, the resort also has a large cat skiing operation in the three alpine bowls immediately east of the lift terrain. In addition to the lift and cat skiing operations, there is also a heli-skiing operation with access to 200,000 hectares (500,000 acres) of skiable terrain.

The resort first opened on December 22, 2007. It was thought to be the biggest North American ski resort debut in twenty years. The event was overshadowed by the death of an Edmonton ski instructor who disappeared on the "Jalapeno" run and whose body was found in a tree well three days later.


Reformism

Reformism is the belief that gradual democratic changes in a society would mean that a society's fundamental economic relations and political structures would change. This belief grew out of opposition to revolutionary socialism, which challenges that revolutions are necessary to fundamentally change a society. Someone who believes in reformism is a "reformist".

Pisanosaurus

Pisanosaurus (meaning "Pisano lizard") is a genus of primitive ornithischian dinosaur from the Upper Triassic of what is now South America. It was a bipedal herbivore described by Argentine paleontologist Rodolfo Casamiquela in 1967. Only one species the type, "Pisanosaurus mertii", is known, based on a single partial skeleton. 

It is the oldest known ornithischian.

Golden Fleece

In Greek mythology, the Golden Fleece is the fleece of the gold-haired winged ram. It is in the story of Jason and his group of Argonauts. They set out on a quest ordered by King Pelias to get the fleece so that Jason can rightfully claim the throne of Iolcus in Thessaly.

Zack Ryder

Matthew Brett "Matt" Cardona (born May 14, 1985 in Merrick, New York) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently performing for the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and on the independent circuit. He became famous in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name Zack Ryder. He was known for being part of a tag team with Brian Myers/Curt Hawkins, and his YouTube web series "Z! True Long Island Story". He also wrestled for All Elite Wrestling and Impact Wrestling.

Cardona is a two-time WWE (Raw) Tag Team Champion with Hawkins and has also won the Intercontinental and United States Championships once, as well as lots of championships outside of WWE. Because of this, he got the nickname "the belt collector". He created the WWE Internet Championship, but that title was not officially recognized by WWE.

Pinacosaurus

Pinacosaurus ("plank lizard") is a genus of medium-sized ankylosaur dinosaurs from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia and China. It lived about 80–75 million years ago, and was first found in 1923. 

"Pinacosaurus" had between two and five additional holes near each nostril, which have not been explained.

The animal was a medium-sized ankylosaur, about five metres long, weighing up to two tonnes. Its body was flat and low-slung but not as heavily built as in some other ankylosaurs. 

Its head was protected by bone tiles, hence the name. A smooth beak bit off low-growing plants that were sliced up by rows of small teeth and then swallowed. Food was slowly processed by its enormous hind gut. Neck, back and tail were protected by osteoderms. The animal could also actively defend itself with its tail club.

Gorgosaurus

Gorgosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in western North America during the Upper Cretaceous, between about 76.5 and 75 million years ago.

Fossil remains have been found in the Canadian province of Alberta and possibly the U.S. state of Montana. It was closely related to "T. rex" and "Albertosaurus". "Gorgosaurus", like "T. rex", had huge jaws with large, sharp, cone-shaped teeth, powerful legs, tiny arms and two-fingered hands.

"Gorgosaurus" lived in a lush floodplain environment along the edge of an inland sea. It was an apex predator: it preyed on ceratopsids and hadrosaurs. 

"Gorgosaurus" spent as much as half its life in the juvenile phase before ballooning up to near-maximum size in only a few years.

Most specimens of "Gorgosaurus libratus" have been recovered from the Dinosaur Park Formation in Alberta. This formation was laid down in the later Cretaceous, between 76.5 and 74.8 million years ago.

Masiakasaurus

Masiakasaurus was a small predatory theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Madagascar. Its a small, bipedal, meat-eating dinosaur that had forward-pointing teeth, a long neck, and a long tail. It was about the size of a really big dog.

The species name "Masiakasaurus knopfleri", was named for Mark Knopfler, a guitarist and singer from the rock band Dire Straits. The paleontologists who discovered this dinosaur were listening to Knopfler's music when they found and dug up "Masiakasaurus".
Also Masiakasaurus has appeared only one time in pop culture and that was in prehistoric planet 
Masiakasaurus is a wonderful animal 

Yeonsangun of Joseon

Yeonsangun of Joseon (, 1476 - 1506) was the tenth King of the Joseon Dynasty. His real name was Yi Yung (). His posthumous name was Heoncheonhongdogyeongmunwimudaewang ().

Son's of King Seongjong, great-grandson of Sejong the Great.



Sporangium

A sporangium (pl: "sporangia") is an enclosure in which spores are formed. It can be a single cell or multicellular. All plants, fungi, and many other lineages form sporangia at some point in their life cycle. Sporangia can produce asexual spores by mitosis, but in nearly all land plants and many fungi, sporangia are the site of meiosis, and produce genetically unique haploid spores.

In flowering plants the sporangium tissue (except the epidermis) that produces the female spores is also called the nucellus.

Central Queensland University

The Central Queensland University is a large ten campus university in Queensland, Australia. It has main campuses at Bundaberg, Gladstone, Rockhampton and Mackay. It has two learning centres at Noosa and Emerald. It also has campuses for international students in Brisbane, the Gold Coast, Sydney and Melbourne. The university began in 1967 as the Queensland Institute of Technology (Capricornia). It was made a university in 1992 as the University of Central Queensland and changed the name to CQUniversity Australia in 2008. 

Federico Barocci

Federico Barocci, born Federico Fiori (born 1535 or 1536 in Urbino, died 1612) was an important Italian painter. He is also known as "Fiori da Urbino". His real name was " Federico Fiori". His style is between that of Mannerism and Baroque. 


Deinosuchus

Deinosuchus is an extinct relative of the alligator which lived 80 to 73 million years ago, in the Upper Cretaceous period. 

The first remains were discovered in North Carolina in the 1850s, but it was not until 1909 that the genus was named and described. 

Additional fragments were discovered in the 1940s and were later made into an influential, but inaccurate, skull reconstruction at the American Museum of Natural History. Knowledge of "Deinosuchus" is still incomplete, but better skull material has been found in recent years.

"Deinosuchus" was far larger than any modern crocodile or alligator: it was up to and weighed up to . However, its overall appearance was fairly similar to its modern relatives. 

It had large, robust teeth that were adapted to crushing, and its back was covered with thick round bony plates. One study suggests that "Deinosuchus" may have lived for up to 50 years, growing at a similar rate to that of modern crocodilians, but growing for a much longer period.

"Deinosuchus" fossils have been found in ten U.S. states, as well as northern Mexico. It lived on both sides of the Western Interior Seaway, and was an ambush apex predator in the coastal regions of eastern North America. 

"Deinosuchus" reached its largest size in its western habitat, but the eastern populations were far more abundant. Opinion remains divided as to whether these two populations represent separate species. "Deinosuchus" was probably capable of killing and eating large dinosaurs. It may have also fed upon sea turtles, fish, and other aquatic and terrestrial prey.

Windows on the World

Windows on the World was a group of venues at the top floors (106th and 107th) of the North Tower of the World Trade Center. It included Windows on the World, a smaller restaurant which was called Wild Blue, and a bar which was called The Greatest Bar on Earth. The restaurant was destroyed in the September 11 attacks.
In 2000, Windows on the World was the highest-earning restaurant in the United States. It earned a total of US$37 million.

It has also been speculated that "The Falling Man" was Jonathan Briley, an audio technician at the Windows on the World restaurant but his identity was never released.

There were plans to rebuild Windows on the World during the building of One World Trade Center but those plans were scrapped on March 7, 2011.


Sarcosuchus

Sarcosuchus is an extinct genus of giant crocodile. It lived in the Lower Cretaceous of what is now Africa 135 to 112 million years ago. 

"Sarcosuchus" was one of the largest giant crocodiks that ever lived. It was almost twice as long as the modern saltwater crocodile and weighed about 8 tonnes. 

Until recently, all that was known of it was a few fossilised teeth and armour scutes, which were discovered in the Sahara Desert in the 1940s or 1950s. 

In 1997 and 2000, Paul Sereno discovered half a dozen new specimens, including one with about half the skeleton intact and most of the spine. All of the other giant crocodiles are known only from a few partial skulls, so which is actually the biggest is an open question.

Unlike other giant crocodiles, "Sarcosuchus" was a river predator. As the overhanging jaw and stout teeth are designed for grabbing and crushing, its primary prey may have been large animals and smaller dinosaurs, which it ambushed, dragged into the water, crushed, drowned and then tore apart.

However, the long, thin snout of "Sarcosuchus" was very similar to the thin snouts of the modern gharial, the false gharial and the slender-snouted crocodile, all of which are nearly exclusive fish-eaters and incapable of tackling large prey. This can be contrasted to both the modern Nile crocodile and the extinct "Deinosuchus", both of which have very broad, heavy skulls, suitable for dealing with large prey. This, coupled with the abundance of large, lobe-finned fish in its environment, leads many to suggest that, far from being a dinosaur killer, Sarcosuchus was simply a large piscivore, a scaled-up version of the modern gharial.

110 million years ago, in the early Cretaceous, the Sahara was still a great tropical plain, dotted with lakes and crossed by rivers and streams that were lined with vegetation. Based on the number of fossils discovered, the aquatic "Sarcosuchus" was probably plentiful in these warm, shallow, freshwater habitats.

Unlike modern true crocodiles, which are very similar in size and shape to one another and tend to live in different areas; "Sarcosuchus" was just one of many Crocodyliformes, of different sizes and shapes, all living in the same area. Four other species of extinct Crocodyliformes were also discovered in the same rock formation along with the "Sarcosuchus", including a dwarf crocodile with a tiny, 8 cm (3 in) long skull. They filled a diverse variety of ecological niches, instead of competing with each other for resources.

HMS Endeavour

HMS "Endeavour, also known as HM Bark "Endeavour, was a British Royal Navy ship commanded by Lieutenant James Cook on his first voyage of discovery to Australia and New Zealand from 1769 to 1771.

The ship was launched in 1764 as the coal carrying ship "Earl of Pembroke". She was bought by the Navy in 1768 for a scientific mission to the Pacific Ocean. She was also to search for the unknown southern land, "Terra Australis Incognita". Renamed as "His Majesty's Bark the Endeavour", she left Plymouth in August 1768. After sailing around Cape Horn she reached Tahiti to see the 1769 transit of Venus across the Sun. She then set sail into the largely uncharted ocean to the south, stopping at the Pacific islands of Huahine, Borabora, and Raiatea which Cook claimed for Great Britain. In September 1769, she anchored off New Zealand, the first European vessel to reach the islands since Abel Tasman's "Heemskerck" 127 years earlier. In April 1770, "Endeavour" became the first ship to reach the east coast of Australia, when Cook went ashore at what is now known as Botany Bay.

"Endeavour" then sailed north along the Australian coast. She ran into the Great Barrier Reef near Cape Tribulation. The crew were able to get the ship onto a beach on the mainland. This is now the site of the town of Cooktown. They stayed for seven weeks so that basic repairs could be made to her hull. On 10 October 1770, she limped into port in Batavia in the Dutch East Indies for more substantial repairs. She left on 26 December, rounded the Cape of Good Hope on 13 March 1771, and reached the English port of Dover on 12 July, having been at sea for nearly three years.

The "Endeavour" spent the next three years shipping Navy stores to the Falkland Islands. She was renamed and sold in 1775, but was used as a troop transport during the American Revolutionary War. She sank in a blockade of Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island in 1778. Her wreck has not been found, but relics, including six of her cannons and an anchor, are displayed at maritime museums worldwide. A full size working copy of "Endeavour" was launched in 1994 and is berthed alongside the Australian National Maritime Museum in Sydney Harbour.

Largest extinct animals

The largest extinct animals known to date are listed here. They are arranged by their taxonomy (classification). The list only deals with individual animals; size of colonies (such as coral reefs) is not dealt with here.

The largest bony fish of all time was "Leedsichthys problematicus" from the Middle Jurassic, at around long. Earlier claims have been scaled down.
The extinct megatoothed shark, "C. megalodon" is by far the biggest and most powerful shark that ever lived. This giant shark reached a length of more than . Recent higher estimates place the largest individuals of Megalodon at 20.3 meters (66 ft), making it the largest fish of all time.

The largest fossil turtle seems to be the freshwater turtle "Stupendemys", with an estimated total carapace length of more than 11 feet (3.3 metres). A close contender is "Archelon ischyros", a sea turtle, which reached a length of 16 feet (4.8 m) across the flippers and a weight of over 4,850 lb (2,200 kg). For comparison, the largest living turtle is the Leatherback Sea Turtle at a maximum 2000 lbs (900 kg).

While often suggested to be the largest crocodilian, "Sarcosuchus imperator" has been recently cut down to 4 tonnes in weight and 9 meters in length. "Deinosuchus", estimated at around , is a strong contender for the title.

The largest pterosaur was "Quetzalcoatlus northropi", at 127 kg (280 lbs) and with a wingspan of 11 m (36 ft). Another close contender is "Hatzegopteryx", also with a wingspan of 11 m (this estimate is based on a skull 3 m long (10 ft).


Titanosaurs hold the world record for the size of a land animal. A recent discovery in the Argentine found "Dreadnoughtus", an estimated length of 26 metres (85 feet) and weight of 59,291 kg (65.4 short tons). Its bones showed it was a sub-adult.

A notably large titanosaurid is "Argentinosaurus", which is known from partially preserved remains. This sauropod has been estimated as long and 73–99 metric tons in weight. The lack of skeletal material makes these estimates uncertain.

The very largest ornithopods, like "Shantungosaurus" were as heavy as medium-sized sauropods at up to 23 metric tons "Lambeosaurus laticaudus" appears to be close contender at around in length.

The largest known theropod is "Spinosaurus aegyptiacus", estimated at in length and around 7–9 metric tons in weight. "Spinosaurus aegyptiacus" is also recognized as the largest terrestrial predator yet known.

A close contender in size is a giant theropod from South America, "Giganotosaurus carolinii", whose holotype specimen is estimated at in length, and another specimen is estimated at in length. A study however presents "Carcharodontosaurus" as a close contender in size to "Spinosaurus aegyptiacus". Some other notable giant theropods (e.g. "Tyrannosaurus rex", "Acrocanthosaurus", and "") may also have rivaled these giant theropods in size. Another very large theropod was "Deinocheirus", being tall at hips,
and weighing up to 16,000 pounds. The largest dromaeosaurid is "Utahraptor". In addition to being the largest known dromaeosaurid, it was also the largest known deinonychosaur and the largest known paravian.
The largest thyreophoran was "Ankylosaurus" at in length and 6.5 tons in weight. "Stegosaurus" was also 9 meters (30 ft) long but around 5 tons in weight.
The largest ceratopsian known is probably the newly discovered "Eotriceratops" with a skull alone being in length. Maximum size of this ceratopsian is suggested to be around in length and 13 tonnes in weight.

The largest ichthyosaur was "Shonisaurus sikanniensis" at ~21 metres (70 ft) in length. This would make it the largest extinct marine animal.

The largest plesiosaur was "Mauisaurus haasti", growing to about 20 metres (66 ft) in length. Next behind was "Elasmosaurus" at 14 metres (46 ft) long.
There is much controversy here. Fossil remains of a pliosaur nicknamed "Predator X" were excavated from Norway in 2008. It was about in length and 41 metric tons in weight. However, in 2002, a team of paleontologists in Mexico discovered the remains of a pliosaur "Monster of Aramberri", which is also estimated at in length. However, this specimen is thought to be a juvenile, with evidence that it had been attacked by an even larger pliosaur. Some media claimed that "Monster of Aramberri" was a "Liopleurodon" this is unconfirmed.

The largest known prehistoric snake is "Titanoboa", estimated at in length and 1135 kg–1819 kg in weight. Another large fossil snake is "", estimated at around in length. Both these snakes lived in tropical rain forests. In third place is an aquatic snake, "", which may have been around in length.
Giant mosasaurs are the largest animals in the Squamata. The largest known mosasaur is likely "Mosasaurus hoffmanni", estimated at least in length. A close contender in size is "Hainosaurus bernardi", estimated at in length. Another giant mosasaur is "Tylosaurus", estimated at in length.

The largest birds of all time might have been the elephant birds of Madagascar. Of almost the same size was the Australian "Dromornis stirtoni". Both were about 3 m tall (10 ft). The elephant birds were up to 400 kg and "Dromornis" was up to 500 kg in weight. The tallest bird ever was the Giant Moa ("Dinornis maximus") at 12 ft tall.

The largest flight-capable bird was "Argentavis magnificens" which had a wingspan of 7 m (~23 ft), and a body weight of 110 kg (244 lb), or "Pelagornis sandersi" with a wingspan of 6.4 to 7.4 metres.

"Basilosaurus" was once recognized as one of the largest known extinct cetaceans at in length.

The largest fossil toothed whale was the Miocene whale "Livyatan melvillei" which was estimated to be in length. One notable feature of "L. melvillei" was its teeth which were 36 cm long and is unmatched by any other animal, extinct or alive.

However, the largest fossil whales were baleen whales (plankton feeders) from the Pliocene and Pleistocene Epochs. A notable example is the bones of a Pliocene age baleen whale, assigned the questionable name ""Balaenoptera sibbaldina"", which likely rivaled the modern blue whale in size.

The largest perissodactyl, and land mammal, of all time was "Palaeoloxodon namadicus". It stood 5.5 m (18 ft) tall at the shoulder, with a total height of 8 m (27 ft). It was 12 m (40 ft) long and may have weighed 20 tonnes (22 tons), though mass estimates vary. Some prehistoric horned rhinos also grew to large sizes. The giant woolly rhino "Elasmotherium" reached 20 ft long and 6.6 ft high.

The largest by far was the giant "Arthropleura". Measuring 2.5 metres (8.2 ft) and 45 centimetres (18 in) wide, it was the largest terrestrial arthropod of all time.

FC Seoul

FC Seoul is a professional football club based in Seoul, South Korea. It is currently owned by GS Sports, a subsidiary of GS Group. The club used to be usually considered a powerhouse in the K League 1, with financial backing from the well-known GS Group. The club is currently managed by An Ik-Soo.






Oldsmobile 88

Oldsmobile 88 (a.k.a. Eighty Eight) was a car distributed via Oldsmobile division of General Motors. The car was first manufactured in the 1949 model year. It underwent many facelifts and redesigns over the years. This vehicle was available in multiple versions. Oldsmobile 88 was discontinued after 1999. 

Pip Skid

Patrick Skene, known professionally as Pip Skid and Wicked Nut, is a Canadian rapper and writer, and a cornerstone of the successful Vancouver based independent hip hop label Peanuts & Corn. Originally hailing from Brandon, Manitoba, Pip is known in underground hip hop circles for his distinctive gravel-throated vocals, as well as his clever writing, and angry delivery.

As a co-founder of landmark Canadian hip hop group Farm Fresh, as well as a member of other famed crews such as Fermented Reptile, Hip Hop Weiners, Taking Care of Business, and Break Bread, Pip has sold thousands of albums while starring on over a dozen albums since 1994, appearing on many more, and touring all over North America. His current album "Skid Row" peaked at #4 on the Canadian Hip Hop charts on May 1, 2010. This album follows in the footsteps of "Funny Farm 2" which hit #3 on the hip hop charts and "Funny Farm" which hit #32 on the combined charts. His single "Alone Again" from the Funny Farm album achieved rotation on the national music network Much Music.




Lee &quot;Scratch&quot; Perry

Lee "Scratch" Perry (born Rainford Hugh Perry, 20 March 1936 – 29 August 2021) is a musician, who was influential in the movement and acceptance of reggae and dub music in Jamaica and overseas. He had many pseudonyms, such as Pipecock Jackxon and The Upsetter.

Perry's musical life began in the late 1950s as a record seller for Clement Coxsone Dodd's sound system. As his sometimes bad relationship with Dodd developed, he found himself doing a variety of important tasks at Dodd's Studio One hit factory, going on to record nearly thirty songs for the label. Disagreements between the pair due to personality and financial problems, a now normal theme throughout Perry's career, led him to leave the studio and seek new musical outlets. He soon found a new home at Joe Gibbs's Amalgamated Records.

Working with Gibbs, Perry carried on his recording career but, once again, financial problems caused problems. Perry broke ranks with Gibbs and formed his own label, Upsetter, in 1968. His first single "People Funny Boy", which was an insult directed at Gibbs, sold well with 60,000 copies sold in Jamaica alone. It is notable for its innovative use of a sample (a crying baby) as well as a fast, chugging beat that would soon become identifiable as "reggae" (the new kind of sound which was given the name "Steppers"). From 1968 until 1972 he worked with his studio band The Upsetters. During the 1970s, Perry released many recordings on a variety of record labels that he founded, and many of his songs were popular in both Jamaica and the UK. He soon became known for his unique production types as well as his mad character.

Perry died at a hospital in Lucea, Jamaica on 29 August 2021, aged 85.


Amagerbro station

Amagerbro station is a Metro station in Copenhagen in Denmark, established in 2002.

The station is operated by the Metro service M2 and Movias bus services 77, 78, 2A, 5A, 350S, 871, 872 and 81N.

Cliff Burton

Clifford Lee Burton (February 10, 1962 – September 27, 1986) was an American musician. He is best known for playing the bass guitar in the thrash metal band Metallica from 1982 until his death in 1986.
He died during a European tour in Sweden on September 24, 1986 when Metallica was celebrating the success of their album Master of Puppets. The band’s tour bus skidded off the road and flipped over. Burton was thrown out of the bus window and the bus fell on him. They attempted to rescue Burton from underneath the bus by lifting it with a crane, but the crane slipped, and the bus landed down on top of Burton a second time. By that time, he was already dead at just 24 years old.



Beipiaosaurus

Beipiaosaurus is a therizinosaur theropod dinosaur. It lived in the Lower Cretaceous, about 125 million years ago. Its fossil was found in the Yixian Formation near Beipiao, Liaoning Province of China. The theroziosaurs were a group of theropods which became herbivorous. "Beipiaosaurus" had a toothless beak, cheek teeth, and protofeathers. 

Prime Minister of Russia

The Prime Minister of Russia (, "Prem'er-ministr Rossii") is Russia's head of government. He is the second most powerful leader in the Russian Federation.

The Prime Minister serves the same time as the President of Russia, and has a term of office of six years but may be appointed again.

The President appoints the Prime Minister and must be approved by the State Duma. Only two acting Prime Ministers: Yegor Gaidar and Viktor Chernomyrdin were appointed by the President, but not approved by the Duma. The most recent Prime Minister is Mikhail Mishustin since 16 January 2020.


Khristofor Minikh (1740-41)
As of 2022, there are eight living former Prime Ministers. The most recent death of a former Prime Minister was that of Yevgeny Primakov (1998–1999) on 26 June 2015, aged 85.


The American Crisis

The American Crisis is a series of pamphlets (short books) written by Thomas Paine. They were written during the American Revolutionary War. They begin with the quote, "these are the times that try men's souls". The first of the pamphlets was written after a series of losses to the British, and was meant to keep the patriots in the fight.

Brian Guebert

Brian Guebert (born December 19, 1981) is a Canadian Football League defensive end who last played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.

Guebert went to Lutheran Collegiate Bible Institute in Outlook, Saskatchewan. His team won the six-man Saskatchewan High School Provincial Football Championship in 1998. He was selected as the Defensive MVP in the 1999 Can-Am Bowl, and was chosen as the Outstanding Defensive Lineman in the 1999 Saskatchewan Senior Bowl.

Guebert played with the Saskatoon Hilltops, and he won the Canadian Junior Football League championship in 2001, 2002, and 2003. In both 2002 and 2003, Guebert was picked as the Prairie Football Conference Outstanding Defensive Lineman. He was also chosen as the Hilltops' Outstanding Lineman in 2002 and their Outstanding Graduate in 2003.

After his time with the Hilltops, Guebert moved on to play university football with the University of Saskatchewan Huskies. He was picked as a Canada West All-Star in 2004, and both a Canada West All-Star and First Team All-Canadian in 2006. His team played in the Vanier Cup in 2004, 2005, and 2006.

Guebert is a member of the 2004–05 Huskie Athletics All Academic 1st Team and 2004–05 CIS Academic All-Canadian Team.

Guebert went to training camp with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2003, playing in one exhibition game against Winnipeg.

Guebert was signed as a free agent with Winnipeg on May 30, 2007 and was a good special teams player. He was let go following the 2008 season.


Iran Air Flight 227

Iran Air Flight 277 was a passenger plane which, on , 2011, crashed while trying to land in bad weather at Urmia Airport, West Azarbaijan province, Iran. The aircraft that crashed was going between Mehrabad International Airport, Tehran, Iran, and Urmia. It was an Iran Air Boeing 727-286Adv, registration EP-IRP.

The aircraft that crashed was a Boeing 727-286Adv. It was registered EP-IRP and was built in 1974. The aircraft spent a long time out of service, and was in Baghdad, Iraq from 1984-90, and then stored from 1991-2002. After that, it was fixed and went back to flying.

The flight was going between Tehran and Urmia. The plane crashed when it was about to land. It crashed near a lake. The crash happened at around 19:45 (16:15 UTC), and was thought to be caused by bad weather. The aircraft had missed its first try at landing, and it either crashed during a go-around, or while trying to return to Tehran. The weather at the time of the accident included snow and it was hard to see. When it crashed, the plane broke into more than one piece, but there was no fire or explosion. There were different reports right after the crash as to the type of aircraft that it happened to. Either a Fokker 100 or a Boeing 727 was thought to have crashed, but it was later made clear that the plane was a 727.

The number of people on board was not known; RIA Novosti said that 95 passengers were on the plane, but Reuters said there were 156 passengers and the Associated Press said there were 105 passengers. Later reports said there were either 105 or 106 people on board. Between 10 and 12 were crew and either 95 or 94 were passengers. The Iran Civil Aviation Organization said the day after the crash that a total of 93 passengers and 12 crew were on board.

At least 77 people were killed and 26 were hurt. It was hard to rescue people because there was a lot of snow at the time. A local official said that "[the] problem at the moment for rescue work is the heavy snow," which he said was around deep at the site of the crash. After the crash, 36 ambulances and 11 hospitals were used in the rescue.

Iran ordered that the reason the plane crashed be found out. A day after the crash, people at the location had found both the flight's cockpit voice recorder, which records sounds in the cockpit, and the flight data recorder, which records what the plane does. Iran's Transport Ministry said that the investigation will be made up of several groups of people that study different parts of. The Iran Civil Aviation Organization will be in charge. The flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder were both taken to Tehran as part of the investigation.


Space colony

Space colony may mean:


Ford Focus (North America)

The North American Ford Focus was a compact vehicle made by the Ford Motor Company. The North American version was introduced in 1999 for the 2000 model year, although the Escort was sold alongside it until 2002. It was then facelifted in April 2004 for the 2005 model year, a new version came in late 2007 for the 2008 model year and was then redesigned in early 2011 for the 2012 model year, that generation was the same that was sold worldwide. The North American Ford Focus was discontinued after the 2018 model year. 

Edward E. Smith Memorial Award

The NESFA gives the Edward E. Smith Memorial Award for Imaginative Fiction award each year to a science fiction writer. The award is for their work and for acting like "Doc" Smith. Many people who knew Smith loved him. The award is also called the Skylark.

The award is a trophy with a large lens in it. Regular members of the New England Science Fiction Association, Inc. vote for the winner. It is presented at Boskone, NESFA's annual convention.




Sinornithoides

Sinornithoides (meaning "Chinese bird form") is a genus of troodontid theropod dinosaur. It lived during the Early Cretaceous (Barremian stage, around 130 125 million years ago). It measured approximately 1 meter long (3 ft). It lived in Inner Mongolia, China, and probably ate invertebrates and other small prey.

Shuvuuia

Shuvuuia is a genus of bird-like theropod dinosaur from the later Cretaceous of Mongolia. 

It is a member of the family Alvarezsauridae, small coelurosaurian dinosaurs which have short but powerful forelimbs specialized for digging. 

The name "Shuvuuia" is derived from the Mongolian word "shuvuu" meaning "bird".

WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011

WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 is a wrestling video game that's published by THQ, It is available for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii and Xbox 360 systems.

The game featured new physics system which can allow the player to use weapons more realistically for example tables can now break differently depending on the impact of them. Inside and outside the ring, ladders can now be rested onto the ring ropes and be broken into pieces and chairs can be thrown at the player's opponents. 

It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw video game series.


Collage

Collage is an art term. It is a work of art like a painting but with pieces of paper and fabric ('found objects') stuck on a surface such as a piece of paper, wood or canvas. 

Collage is a popular technique in modern art. Types of collage are 'decoupage', photomontage and digital collage. When actual painting is included, or any other medium, the technique is called 'mixed media'. Work in three dimensions may be called 'assemblage'.

Chevrolet Van

The Chevrolet Van name, also simply called Chevy Van for short, refers to a series line of passenger or cargo vans which were full size. The vans went by the names of Chevrolet Sport Van, Chevrolet Beauville and Chevrolet G-Series. GMC's version of the vans were called GMC Vandura and GMC Rally Wagon. The vehicles were first made around 1964 under the Chevrolet and GMC divisions of General Motors. They were discontinued after 1996. The post 1996 replacements were the Chevrolet Express and GMC Savana.

Pro-choice

Pro-choice is the view that a woman should have the right to decide whether or not to have an abortion and that there should not be laws that stop people from getting abortions. 

People who are pro-choice believe that people should be able to use abortion to end a pregnancy. The view that abortion should be against the law is called pro-life.

The pro-choice movement is sometimes called the abortion rights movement. It is largely based on the belief, that woman should be able to decide what they want to do with their bodies. Having a baby would be a huge invasion to the body and should be a choice. They believe that an unborn embryo should not be valued over the pregnant woman. Pro-choice believes in a woman's right to choose.


Clinical psychology

Clinical psychology is the study in psychology of mental disorders. It is about learning, understanding, diagnosing, treating or preventing these types of illnesses. Clinical psychologists examine the mental functioning of a person and use psychotherapy to treat the disorder. Psychotherapy uses talking instead of medical or physical treatments.

The first psychological clinic opened in 1896 at the University of Pennsylvania by Lightner Witmer.In the first half of the 20th century, clinical psychology mainly was about psychological assessment, and not treatment. After World War II, there was a big increase in the numbers of trained clinical psychologists. There are two main educational models - the Ph.D. scientist-practitioner model which looks at research, and the Psy.D. practitioner-scholar model which looks at the treatments. Clinical psychologists are now regarded as experts in psychotherapy.

Clinical psychologists generally train in one of the four primary academic areas – psychodynamic, humanistic, behavior therapy/cognitive behavioral, and systems or family therapy.

Sigmund Freud's ideas led to the development of psychodynamic psychotherapy. Its goal is to help the patient, or client, to understand the meaning of the unconscious desires and conflicts that have caused their problems.

Humanistic psychology was developed in the 1950s in reaction to both behaviourism (the belief that conditioning is the main cause of human behavior) and psychoanalysis (the belief that the unconscious is the main cause of human behavior).
The major principles of humanistic psychology are:

Lapu-Lapu City

Lapu-Lapu City is a first class highly urbanized city in the Philippine province of Cebu. The city occupies most of Mactan Island, a few kilometers off the main island of Cebu and also covers the area of Olango Island further to the southeast region, plus a few other islands. According to the 2007 census, it has a population of about 292,530 people.

The city is linked to Mandaue on mainland Cebu by the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge and Marcelo Fernan Bridge. Mactan-Cebu International Airport, the second busiest airport in the Philippines, is in Lapu-Lapu City. The only aquarium attraction in the Visayas is also in Lapu-lapu City. It is known as "Opon'.It is also home to the Mactan Shrine.

Lapu-Lapu City borders Mandaue to the west, Cebu Strait to the east, Consolacion to the north, and Cordova to the south.

In the 16th century, Mactan Island was colonized by Spain. Augustinian friars founded the town of Opon in 1730. It became a city in 1961 and was renamed after Native Royalty the Datu Lapu-Lapu, the Island's chieftain who defeated Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan in 1521. This battle is commemorated at the Lapu-Lapu shrine in Punta Engaño.

Politician Manuel A. Zosa, the representative of the Sixth District of Cebu, sponsored the Bill converting the former municipality of Opon into the present day City of Lapu-Lapu. This was the Republic Act 3134, known as the City Charter of Lapu-Lapu which was signed on June 17, 1961 by former Philippine President Carlos P. Garcia.

Lapu-Lapu City is politically subdivided into 30 barangays.

Lee Hoi-chang

Lee Hoi-chang (Korean:이회창, hanja:李會昌, June 2 1935 - ) is South Korean politician and judge. Chairman of Comptroller's and 26th prime minister of South Korea. His nicknames were 'Kyungsa' (경사), 'TaeZZeok' (대쪽).

After 1960, he was served 30 years as a judge, 1993 13th Chairman of Comptroller's of South Korea, prime minister of South Korea December 17 1993 to June 2 1994. 




Typhoon Xangsane

Typhoon Xangsane (international designation: 0615, JTWC designation: 18W, PAGASA name: Typhoon Milenyo) was a deadly typhoon that affected the Philippines, Vietnam, and Thailand during the 2006 Pacific typhoon season. It was the fifteenth tropical storm and ninth typhoon recognized by the Japan Meteorological Agency operationally during the season, although in post-operational analysis it became the tenth typhoon of the season with the addition of Typhoon Maria. According to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, Xangsane was the sixteenth tropical storm and tenth typhoon of the season, and was a Category 4-equivalent typhoon in terms of 1-minute average wind speeds. The name Xangsane was submitted by Laos and means elephant.

Xangsane made landfall in the Philippines, battering the northern islands with torrential rains and strong winds, and causing widespread flooding and landslides. After passing over Manila and emerging over the South China Sea, the typhoon made a second landfall in central Vietnam, also causing flooding and landslides there and in Thailand. The storm was responsible for at least 279 deaths, mostly in the Philippines and Vietnam, and at least $747 million (2006 USD) in damage.

Late on September 24, 2006, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, noted that an area of convection, had persisted about 460 NM to the southeast of Manila, in the Philippines. The JTWC assessed the development of a significant Tropical cyclone, as fair. This was because convection was beginning to flare up near a developing Low Level Circulation Center, the JTWC also noted that the disturbance had a broad circulation. Early the next day both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) designated the Tropical disturbance as a Tropical Depression with PAGASA assigning the local name of Tropical Depression Milenyo, to the depression. Later that morning the JTWC reassessed the potential of the disturbance forming into a significant tropical Cyclone within 24 hours as good, and issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing disturbance. Early that afternoon the JTWC started to issue advisories on the disturbance and designated it as Tropical Depression 18W. Later that day the JTWC upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a Tropical Storm by the JTWC. Early on September 26 the JMA also upgraded the depression to a tropical storm, and assigned the international name of Xangsane.

Later on September 26, the JMA upgraded Xangsane to a severe tropical storm, whilst six hours later both the JMA and the JTWC upgraded Xangsane to typhoon with the JTWC reporting wind speeds equivalent to a category one typhoon. Early the next day Xangsane was upgraded to a category 2 typhoon and then over the next six hours Xangsane rapidly intensified into a category 4 typhoon with wind speeds of 115 kts (130 mph, 215 km/h). Meanwhile the JMA reported that Xangsane had reached its peak wind speeds of 85 kts (100 mph, 155 km/h). Early that afternoon the JTWC reported that Xangsane, had reached its peak wind speeds of 125 kts (145 mph, 230 km/h).

Xangsane then passed through the Philippine islands, wreaking havoc and becoming the strongest typhoon to directly impact Metro Manila in eleven years. As it entered the South China Sea as a weak typhoon, it began to re-intensify, reaching its secondary peak strength shortly before landfall at Danang, Vietnam on October 1. The JTWC ceased advisories after landfall, while the JMA carried the storm inland until it was over Thailand as a tropical depression. It remained as a low pressure area over central Indochina on the JMA's weather charts for several days, while the U.S. Navy's Automated Tropical Cyclone Forecasting system carried the remnants of Xangsane into the Bay of Bengal.

On September 27, PAGASA issued Storm Signal Number 3, a warning for winds of 100– 185 km/h (62– 115 mph), for areas of southern Luzon. Storm Signal Number 2, for winds of 60– 100 km/h (37– 62 mph), was raised for northern Samar Island and central Luzon. Storm Signal Number 1 (30– 60 km/h, 20– 37 mph) was issued for northwestern Luzon, including Metro Manila, and northern Visayas, including the rest of Samar Island. Schools in the warned area were suspended, and airports and seaports were closed. Philippine Airlines cancelled over half of its flights to and from Ninoy Aquino International Airport for September 28, and various transit services also suspended service. Metro Manila and the Tagalog provinces were warned of possible flooding and strong winds.

When it became clear that Xangsane would approach the Capital, PAGASA upgraded the warning for Manila and central Luzon to Storm Signal Number 3 on September 28. All the storm signals were discontinued later that day.


David Trimble

William David Trimble, Baron Trimble, PC (15 October 1944 – 25 July 2022), was a politician from Northern Ireland. He was Leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP; 1995–2005), the first First Minister of Northern Ireland (1998–2002), and was a Member of the House of Commons (1990–2005).

He was a life peer for the Conservative Party. Trimble was awarded the 1998 Nobel Peace Prize, along with John Hume because of effort toward Belfast Agreement.

Trimble died on 25 July 2022, aged 77.

Stamen

The stamen is a male reproductive organ of a flower. It produces the pollen. The stamen has two parts: anther and stalk. The stalk is also called a filament.

The anther contains microsporangia. Each microsporangium contains pollen mother cells. These undergo meiosis, and produce pollen grains, which contain the male gametes (sperm).

The pollen grains are actually haploid male gametophytes.

The pollen is released by the opening of the anther. The pollen is carried by some agent (wind, or some animal) to the receptive surface of the stigma of the same or another flower. This process is known as pollination. After successful pollination, the pollen grain (immature microgametophyte) completes its development by growing a "pollen tube" and the two male gametes move through the pollen tube to the ovule.

2011 Pacific typhoon season

The 2011 Pacific typhoon season was an event in which tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean. The season ran throughout 2011 with most tropical cycle agency storming between May and November. The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean to the north of the equator between 100th meridian east and the 180th meridian.

Within the Northwestern Pacific Ocean, there are two separate agencies who assign names to tropical cyclones. This can often result in a cyclone having two names. The Japan Meteorological Agency named a tropical cyclone if it was judged to have 10-minute sustained wind speeds of at least 65 km/h (40 mph) anywhere in the basin.

While the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigned names to tropical cyclones which moved into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility between 135°E and 115°E and between 5°N and 25°N even if the cyclone has had a name assigned to it by the Japan Meteorological Agency. Tropical depressions that were monitored by the United States' Joint Typhoon Warning Center were given a number with a "W" suffix. On average, 27 storms form in this basin every year.

During each season several national meteorological services and scientific agencies forecast how many tropical cyclones, tropical storms, and typhoons will form during a season and/or how many tropical cyclones will affect a particular country.

Since the 2000 Pacific typhoon season, the Guy Carpenter Asia-Pacific Climate Impact Centre (GCACIC), of the City University of Hong Kong (CityUHK), have issued forecasts of activity for each upcoming typhoon season. On May 4 and July 5, 2011, the GCACIC issued forecasts which predicted the amount of tropical cyclones, tropical storms and typhoons there would be during 2011 as well as for how many tropical cyclones will make landfall on China or pass within 100 km (60 mi) of the Korean Peninsula or Japan.

This season the GCACIC predicted in May that 31 tropical cyclones, 27 tropical storms, and 17 typhoons would either form or move into the northwestern Pacific this year. In their July forecast, the GCACIC lowered their prediction for the number of tropical storms developing into a typhoon by one which they blamed on the strength of the India-Burma trough. For Southern China the GCACIC predicted in May that seven tropical cyclones would make landfall, during the year compared to an average of five. They further predicted that five of the cyclones would make landfall on Southern China between May and August, while the other two would landfall between September and December. After two tropical cyclones had made landfall on Southern China during June, the July GCACIC forecast predicted that seven tropical cyclones would make landfall, during the main season between July and December. For the Korean Peninsular and Japan, the GCACIC predicted in May that six tropical cyclones would affect either Japan or the peninsular during the year compared to an average of four, and predicted that there would be an above average amount of landfalls on Japan. After three tropical cyclones affected the region in May and June, the GCACIC predicted that seven tropical cyclones would affect either the Korean Peninsular or Japan during the main part of the season.

Since the 2000 Pacific typhoon season, the Tropical Storm Risk Consortium (TSR) of University College London have issued forecasts of activity for each upcoming typhoon season. Forecasts on the number of tropical storms, typhoons and intense typhoons there would be during 2011 in the Western Pacific were released in March, May, July and August. In all of their forecasts this year, TSR predicted that the season would see activity close to the average with 28 tropical storms, 18 typhoons and 8 intense typhoons developing during the season.

On January 17, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) reported that they were expecting between 20 and 22 tropical cyclones to pass through the Philippine area of responsibility during 2011. On March 23 the Hong Kong Observatory (HKO), reported that they had predicted that 6-9 tropical cyclones would affect Hong Kong during the season. On April 26, the Thai Meteorological Department predicted that 2 tropical storms would affect Thailand during 2011. They predicted that 1 would move through Vietnam and affect Upper Thailand, during August or September. While the second tropical storm was expected to move through Southern Thailand during October or November. On June 30, Taiwan's Central Weather Bureau predicted that the 2011 season would be near its normal climatic average of 25.7, and predicted that 22-26 tropical storms, would occur over the Western Pacific during 2011, with 3 to 5 of them affecting Taiwan.

On April 1, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) began monitoring an area of low pressure associated with intermittent convection over the South China Sea, roughly 535 km (335 mi) east-southeast of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The former of these two agencies immediately declared the system a tropical depression, the first of the 2011 season. Following further development of the system, most notably convective banding around the low-level circulation center, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the storm. Early on April 2, the agency followed through with this alert and designated the low as Tropical Depression 01W. However, within hours of this, the depression became devoid of convection as wind shear buffeted the system. This prevented the cyclone from intensifying beyond depression status as it remained nearly stationary. Failing to regain convection by April 3, the depression degenerated into a remnant low and the final advisory from the JTWC was issued. The JMA continued to monitor the system as a tropical depression for another day before issuing their last warning on the system.

On March 30, the JMA began monitoring an area of low pressure southwest of Yap. By April 2, the system developed a low-level circulation, though convection appeared disorganized. Exhibiting good outflow within a region of weak wind shear, the low was anticipated to develop further over the following several days as it drifted west-northwestward. After briefly stalling early on April 3, the storm turned towards the east. Additionally, the JMA considered the system sufficiently organized to be declared a tropical depression. As the system was to the west of 135°E, PAGASA began issuing advisories on the depression as well, assigning it the name "Amang". Tracking northeastward, the depression eventually developed enough convection to be declared Tropical Depression 02W by the JTWC on April 4. However, this was expected to be brief as a decaying frontal boundary approached from the west and prompted the system to undergo an extratropical transition. This intensification prompted the National Weather Service (NWS) in Tiyan, Guam to issue a tropical storm warning for the islands of Agrihan, Pagan and Alamagan. Interacting with the front and high wind shear, the system became partially exposed and elongated as it moved over cooler waters. Early on April 6, the JTWC issued their final advisory on the depression as it began to dissipate over open waters. Following degradation of the storm's structure, the NWS discontinued warnings for the Mariana Islands on April 6. The JMA continued to monitor the system for several more hours before ceasing advisories on it as well.

Early on May 4, an area of low pressure formed about 140 km (85 mi) to the west of Palau Island. On that same day, the low pressure starts to strengthen rapidly with improved LLCC, tightly–wrapped shallow convective banding and a well–defined center. On the next day the low pressure starts to move northwest in general direction to the seas east of Philippine Islands. However it remained almost stationary by afternoon due to the influence of high pressure in the northeast of the system. By that time, its LLCC starts to become elongated and the system was also in favorable sea surface temperatures with low vertical wind shear. Later of that day, its LLCC starts to consolidate again and the system starts to move northwest slowly, whilst the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded the system into a tropical depression In the afternoon of May 6, Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the low pressure into a tropical depression. In the same evening, PAGASA upgraded the low pressure into a tropical depression and assigned its local name 'Bebeng'. In the afternoon of May 7, JMA upgraded the tropical depression to a tropical storm, and assigned the name 'Aere'. During the early morning of May 12, the JMA downgraded Aere to a tropical depression while south of Kyushu Island.

Throughout the Philippines, multiple agencies activated their emergency plans as the storm approached. The Armed Forces of the Philippines, the Philippine National Police, and the Philippine Coast Guard were all placed on standby to deploy to areas struck by Aere once the storm passed. Several ports were affected by the storm, stranding 1,379 passengers by the afternoon of May 7. According to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council, at least 35 people have been killed and two more are missing as a result of Aere. Agricultural losses are estimated at PHP1.37 billion (US$31.7 million). Widespread flooding and landslides damaged homes, blocked off roads and severed communications. In Catarman, Northern Samar, of rain fell in just 24 hours, resulted in significant flash flooding.

On May 19, the JTWC reported that an area of low pressure had persisted about 510 km (320 mi) to the southeast of Yap. As the system moved towards the northwest under the influence of a subtropical ridge of high pressure, it rapidly consolidated in an area of light to moderate vertical windshear. The JMA then started to monitor the system as a tropical depression later that day, before the JTWC designated it as Tropical Depression 04W early on May 20. The JTWC then reported later that day that the depression had intensified into a tropical storm with windspeeds of 65 km/h (40 mph), however it later reported that it had overestimated the windspeeds and consequently lowered the storm's status to a tropical depression, based on observations from Yap island. Late on May 21, both the JMA and the JTWC reported that the depression had now become a tropical storm with the JMA naming it as Songda. Over the next couple of days, the system gradually intensified further while moving northwest into PAGASA's area of responsibility. PAGASA named it as Chedeng. At 1200  UTC on May 24, the JTWC reported that Songda had intensified into a typhoon. 12 hours later the JMA followed suit while the system was about 800 km (500 mi) to the southeast of Manila in the Philippines. It rapidly intensified into a Category 5 typhoon. In the afternoon of May 29, Songda became extratropical south of Shikoku Island.

Although Songda remained offshore, heavy rains within the typhoon's outer bands impacted the Philippines, causing significant flash flooding and landslides. Four fatalities are attributed to the system there. Further north, Okinawa experience intense wind gusts, measured up to 198 km/h (123 mph), along with torrential rain. Extensive damage took place across the area with losses reaching ¥23.2 billion ($287 million); however, there were no fatalities. As it became extratropical, Songda brought heavy rains from Kyushu to eastern Honshu, causing significant flooding. At least 13 people were killed in the country and an estimated 400,000 had to be evacuated around Tokyo alone.

During the evening of May 31, the JMA upgraded an area of low pressure to a tropical depression. Initially, the tropical depression was about 400 km (250 miles) southwest of Hong Kong. The system did not develop further and was downgraded to an area of low pressure by the JMA on June 2.

On early June 8, an area of low pressure formed about 10 km west of Cebu City, Philippines. As it moved towards the Mindoro Strait the JMA and JTWC began to monitor the system. In the early morning hours of June 9, the Philippines' PAGASA upgraded the system to a tropical depression and reported the storm center to be about 450 km west of Dagupan City in the Philippines. The next day, the JMA and JTWC upgraded the tropical depression into a tropical storm, with the JMA naming it Sarika. During the morning of June 11 the JTWC downgraded Sarika to a tropical depression after making landfall in Shantou, China. The JTWC soon issued their final advisory on Sarika. Sarika made landfall on mainland China with winds of 75 km/h (45 mph). As a result of the storm, 23 people were killed in Xianning, and ten more were declared missing. Damages from Sarika are estimated at $248 million.

Early June 15 an area of low pressure area embedded along the Intertropical Convergence Zone about 250 km west of Puerto Princesa, Palawan. As is moved towards the South China Sea, both the JMA and the JTWC started monitoring it. During the morning of June 15, the JMA upgraded it into a tropical depression. Due to an anticyclone, the system dissipated during the early morning of June 16,as it made landfall in Hong Kong.As it drifted over Hong Kong, the Hong Kong observatory's radar captured the center of the system.

On June 15, the JTWC started to monitor an area of disturbed weather that was about 1350 km (835 mi), to the southeast of Manila, Philippines. Over the next couple of days the system gradually developed further, before late on June 16, the JMA, JTWC and PAGASA, all reported that the system had developed into a tropical depression, with PAGASA naming it as Egay. Egay continued to develop during June 17 as it moved towards the northeast, and on June 18 the JTWC reported that Egay had intensified into a tropical storm. Late on June 19, the JTWC downgraded Egay to a tropical depression, but they upgraded Egay again to a tropical storm on June 20. Early on June 20, the JTWC downgraded Egay to a tropical depression again. On June 21, the JMA upgraded the system into a tropical storm and named it Haima, with the JTWC following suit on June 22.

During the evening of June 23, the JTWC downgraded Haima to a tropical depression after making landfall in Zhanjiang, Guangdong, China but upgraded it to a tropical storm again on June 24. Early on June 25, Haima became a tropical depression after moving inland in Vietnam. As it made landfall over Hanoi, Vietnam, the JTWC and the Hong Kong Observatory downgraded Haima to a low pressure area.

Early on June 20, and area of low pressure about 760 km (470 miles), east of the Philippines began to be monitored by both the JTWC and JMA. That evening, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. Soon afterwards, PAGASA upgraded the system into a tropical depression, naming it as "Falcon". At the time of the upgrade, Falcon was about 1000 km (620 miles), east northeast of Cebu City. During the evening of June 21, the JTWC also reported that Falcon had strengthened into a tropical depression. On June 22, both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded Falcon into a tropical storm, and the JMA named it Meari. Meari leaves Philippines with 2 deaths and 5 missing. In the afternoon on June 24, the JMA upgraded Meari to a severe tropical storm as it passed Okinawa, Japan.

On June 26, Meari rapidly moved to the Yellow Sea but slowly passed Weihai, Shandong, China, and then the JMA downgraded Meari to a tropical storm on the same day. On June 27, the JTWC downgraded Meari to a tropical depression before it made landfall in North Korea, and the JMA reported that Meari became a low pressure area later.

Heavy rains from the storm's outer bands triggered significant flooding and landslides in South Korea. At least nine people were killed and three others were reported missing across the country. In North Korea, heavy rains from the storm caused widespread flooding and damage. At least 160 homes were destroyed and 50,000 hectares of crops submerged. Several reports of confirmed fatalities arose but no details on how many were given to news agencies.

Late July 9, 2011, an area of low pressure area formed about 300 km (186 mi) east of Aurora. The center was north of Basco, Batanes. On the morning of July 9, JMA upgraded the low pressure area into a tropical depression and it was 450 km northeast of Cagayan. In the afternoon, PAGASA upgraded the low pressure area into a tropical depression and named it Goring. After moving to Fujian, China, it weakened into an overland low pressure area on the evening on July 10.The remnant low of Goring appears to have redeveloped into a Tropical Depression on July 16

On July 11, both the JMA and JTWC upgraded a tropical disturbance to a tropical depression which was near Minamitorishima. On July 12, both the JMA and JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it Ma-on. Early on July 13, the JMA upgraded Ma-on to a severe tropical storm. Late on July 13, both the JMA and the JTWC upgraded Ma-on to a typhoon. After absorbing Tokage, Ma-on reached its peak strength on July 16. The PAGASA named it Ineng on July 17.

As Ma-on was affecting Japan, the JTWC downgraded it to a tropical storm in the evening on July 19. Ma-on made landfall in Tokushima later. The JMA downgraded Ma-on to a severe tropical storm after it made landfall in Wakayama early on July 20. The JTWC downgraded Ma-on to a tropical depression on July 21 and discontinued advisories the following day. The JMA downgraded Ma-on to a tropical storm early on July 23. On July 24, Ma-on weakened into an extratropical cyclone east of the Tōhoku region.

A low pressure area has formed about 740 km north-northwest of Palau. Early on July 14, the JMA upgraded it into a tropical depression, and the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. On July 15, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it Tokage, and the JTWC upgraded it to a tropical depression later. PAGASA also upgraded it to a tropical depression and named it Hanna. Due to the Fujiwhara effect, Typhoon Ma-on, the powerful storm just northeast of Tokage, later weakened Tokage to a tropical depression and completely absorbed it early on July 16.

It can be traced back to a Tropical Depression on July 10, which made landfall over Fujian, China.The remnant low of the weak depression drifted back south, and entered the South China Sea on July 13, and later started to reintensify as it drift back inland, the JMA reported that a low has strengthen into tropical depression as it drifted over Guangdong, China on July 16. On July 17, the depression dissipated completely.

Originally a low pressure area, the JMA reported that a tropical depression formed from it in the Gulf of Tonkin near Guangdong, China on July 16. However, it quickly dissipated after only six hours.

Early on July 22, an area of low pressure formed to the east of Philippines. The system gradually drifted west over the next few days and late on July 24, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center Started Monitoring the system as a Tropical Depression. Early the next day, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded the area of low pressure into a Tropical Depression. A few hours later, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) started monitoring the system as a Tropical Depression and named it 'Juaning'. The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock-Ten. Early on July 27, the JMA reported that Nock-ten continued to strengthen and upgraded it into a Severe Tropical Storm. A few hours later, the JTWC reported that Nock-ten rapidly intensified to a category 1 typhoon and made its landfall over northern Aurora (province) and started weakening. Later the same day, the JMA reported that Nock-ten has exited the Luzon island at Candon maintaining severe tropical storm strength. However, overnight, the storm rapidly weakened and the JMA downgraded it into a minor tropical storm the next day. However, on July 29, the storm gradually regained strength and approached south China coast at Qionghai, China. Later that day, the storm strengthened over land and headed north towards Hainan's provincial capital region Haikou. Over the next day, the storm drifted to the west and made landfall over Northern Vietnam. The storm weakened rapidly and at midnight that day, the JMA, issuing their final warning on the system, Downgraded it into a tropical low.

The provinces of Albay and Camarines were reported to be completely flooded by the rain. Minor damage to rice crops was reported. More heavier rains were expected throughout the day as the system has exited land into south china sea and will soon start reintensifying. The number of missing was also pushed up to 31 after 25 crewmembers of a fishing boat were reported missing when their fishing boat was caught in the storm off Masbate. Nock-ten suspended all classes in Luzon from Pre-school to college levels on July 26 and 27. In Northern Luzon, Nock-ten poured down heavy rainfall becoming widespread flooding in the area. The national roads were impassable and landslides were also reported. About 26 domestic flights were cancelled from July 26 to 27 due to heavy rains and strong winds.

Late on July 23, an area of low pressure formed to the southeast of Chuuk. the system gradually drifted to the west and on July 25, the JTWC upgraded the low pressure area to a tropical depression. At that time, it was about to the west of Guam. At midnight, that day, the JMA started monitoring the system as a tropical depression. Early on July 28, the JTWC upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm. A few hours later, the JMA too upgraded the system to a tropical storm, naming it "Muifa". Soon, the storm moved into the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR), and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) named it "Kabayan". The storm gradually drifted north over the next day maintaining strength. On the night of July 29, Muifa was upgraded into a Severe Tropical Storm. Overnight, the storm strengthened rapidly and was upgraded into a Typhoon the next morning. The storm strengthened so rapidly, and the JTWC reported that the storm's peak winds were reaching , as it strengthened into a Category 5 Typhoon. However, the typhoon could not maintain Category 5 strength for a long time. According to the JTWC, On July 31, the typhoon interacted with an upper-level trough and weakened into a Category 4 Typhoon on the SSHS. The system gradually moved north, then turned west and drifted towards Okinawa, before turning northwest again, when it was finally downgraded into a Tropical Storm by the JTWC. Soon afterwards, the JMA too downgraded Muifa to a Severe Tropical storm. After weakening to a tropical storm, Muifa made landfall at the estuary of the Yalu River on August 8, and the JTWC issued the final warning. Early on August 9, Muifa weakened to a tropical depression in Northeast China and became a low pressure area later.

Muifa killed 2 men, as their boat was capsized in the vicinity of Hagonoy, Bulacan and Pampanga Delta. Due to the southwest monsoon enhanced by Muifa, it caused heavy rains in several parts of Luzon including Metro Manila. Early of August 2, the Malacañang Palace suspended government offices and Pre-school to college level in NCR. Nearby provinces like Calabarzon (Region IV-A) also suspended their classes. In Marikina 200 residents or 31 families living in communities along the Marikina River have sought shelter in evacuation centers.

On July 28, an area of low pressure formed about to the West of Guam. Over the next few days, the system gradually drifted to the northwest and on July 31, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded the low into a Tropical Depression to the west of Philippines. Later that day, The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) started monitoring the system as a tropical depression and named it "Lando". The system slowly tracked northward. However, on the next day, due to Fujiwhara effect, Typhoon Muifa the much more powerful system, just to the northeast of Lando, weakened Lando. As a result, the PAGASA issued their final warning on the system, downgrading it to a tropical low. But despite this, Tropical Depression Lando regenerated soon afterwards, and the JMA reissued their advisories on Lando. Tropical Depression Lando continued to persist for another day, as it slowly tracked eastward, just off the western coast of Luzon. Then, during the late afternoon of August 2, the JMA stopped tracking Lando, as it had dissipated. Early on August 3, the remmants of Tropical Depression Lando dissipated completely, without ever reaching Luzon.

Early on August 3, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded an area of low pressure near Wake Island to a tropical depression. The system intensified rapidly and just 6 hours later, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm, naming it "Merbok". Soon, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) started monitoring the system as a tropical depression, and upgraded it to a tropical storm later. Merbok began to move westward slowly, but soon afterwards, it turned northwest and gradually drifted in that direction. Late on August 5, the JMA upgraded Merbok into a Severe Tropical Storm. Early on August 6, the JTWC upgraded Merbok into a Category 1 Typhoon East-southeast of Tokyo, Japan. Early the next day, the storm's winds reached a peak of on the SSHS. Later that day, the system was caught in a moderate Vertical Wind Shear and started weakening. On August 8, the system started accelerating towards north at the speed of and was gradually diminishing because of colder and colder sea surface temperatures and unfavorable conditions. As a result, the JMA reporting that the system was no longer a Severe Tropical Storm, downgraded Merbok to a Tropical Storm. Late on that day, the system started showing extratropical characteristics as the convection near the eye dissipated rapidly. Thus, the JTWC issued their final warning on the system reporting that the system was no longer tropical. Later, the JMA, issuing their final warning on the system, reported that the system was no longer tropical. 

Early on August 3, a tropical depression formed near the Bonin Islands. The system slowly began to track northwestwards, towards Japan. Late on August 4, the system dissipated near the Kii Peninsula.

Late on August 8, the JMA upgraded a low pressure area to a tropical depression west of Guam, and the JTWC issued a TCFA. The system gradually drifted north and early on August 10, the JTWC started monitoring the system as a tropical depression and designated it with "13W". Initially, the JMA predicted the system to strengthen into a tropical storm, but on August 11, as it moved further north into cool waters and experienced unfavourable conditions, the JMA issued their final advisory. Later, the JTWC too issued their final warning on the system, reporting that it has moved into a subtropical ridge and was expected to dissipate into a remnant low. However, the JMA continued to track the remants as a weak tropical depression over the next few days until the system dissipated on August 15.

Late on August 8, the JMA upgraded an area of low pressure to a tropical depression, to the northwest of Minamitorishima. The system gradually moved to the northeast. On August 10, the system was caught in a moderate vertical wind shear and due to cold sea surface temperature, the system dissipated into a remnant low. 

On August 19, a low pressure area developed east-northeast of Guam. Early on August 20, the system developed a broad area of low level circulation center and a good divergence aloft becoming more well defined. Later that day, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical depression southeast of the Bonin Islands. On August 22, the system started interacting with an anticyclone and was exposed to a strong vertical wind shear, prompting the JMA to stop monitoring the system as a tropical depression, as the system dissipated to a remnant low. However, at midnight, the same day, the remnants regenerated, and the JMA started tracking the system as a tropical depression again, until it last appeared near Okinawa, Japan on August 25, as the system dissipated completely.

Late on August 19, an area of low pressure developed north of Palau. Early on August 20, the system became more better organized and developed a low-level circulation center. The system then turned north and continued to drift north until on August 21, when the JMA upgraded the low pressure area to a tropical depression east of Philippines. The JTWC also issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on the system reporting that the system was becoming more well organized. Later that day, the PAGASA started monitoring the system as a tropical depression and named it "Mina". Late on August 22, the system became more well organized prompting the JTWC to initiate advisories on the system, designating it with "14W". On August 23, the JMA upgraded 14W to a tropical storm, naming it "Nanmadol". Overnight, the system continued to intensify and early on August 24, the JMA upgraded Nanmadol to a severe tropical storm. Later that day, convective banding improved and Nanmadol developed an eye-like feature. As a result, Nanmadol continued to intensify rapidly and became a typhoon, by midnight, that day. Nanmadol continued to drift northeast and made landfall over Gonzaga, Cagayan, Philippines with strong winds of over . Nanmadol weakened significantly after interacting with land and early on August 28, the JMA downgraded Nanmadol to a severe tropical storm. Late on August 28, Nanmadol made its second landfall over Taimali in the Taitung County of Taiwan and started weakening. Landfall weakened the system rapidly prompting the JMA to downgrade Nanmadol to a tropical storm with winds of under . Soon it started experiencing strong wind shear and continued weakening. The shear pushed convection about south of the LLCC. The system also accelerated towards China at and weakened to a minimal tropical storm. After its third landfall over Fujian, China, Nanmadol weakened rapidly prompting both the JTWC and the JMA to issue their final warnings on the system.

On August 27, five people died after Nanmadol caused landslides. At least two Filipino fishermen were reported to be missing after Nanmadol's strong winds whipped up large waves.

Late on August 22, an area of low pressure developed to the west of Guam. At midnight that day, the system became sufficiently well organized that the JMA started tracking it as a tropical depression. On August 23, the system moved into an environment of low wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures prompting the JTWC to issued a TCFA on it. By August 25, the system grew strong enough that the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm, naming it "Talas". Later that day, the JTWC followed suit and initiated advisories on Talas. Talas continued to strengthen and by midnight that day, it became a severe tropical storm. Over the next few days, Talas continued to drift north very slowly until late on August 29, when the JMA upgraded Talas to a typhoon. Soon, a subtropical ridge to the west of the storm weakened and the subtropical ridge to the east of the system pushed Talas to the west. As a result, Talas accelerated towards the west maintaining strength and outflow. An upper-level cyclone over the system suppressed the convection and kept it from reaching the center. Therefore, Talas remained weak and did not strengthen further. Convection never managed to consolidate the center and convective banding remained well away from the fully exposed low-level circulation center. The convective banding continued to expand more and more with the outer rainbands already brushing parts of Japan. Coastal areas in the nation have already reported gale-force winds several hours before landfall, while the Omega block continued to drive Talas towards the nation. Land interaction weakened Talas, prompting the JMA to downgrade Talas from a typhoon to a severe tropical storm with winds of under . Early on September 3, Talas made landfall over Aki, Japan. After landfall, Talas accelerated north at over and its central convection became significantly eroded and was displaced to the northeast as Talas was exposed to a very strong wind shear of over that made the LLCC very distorted and difficult to pin-point. Talas was embedded in a baroclinic zone and the JTWC anticipated an extratropical transition, which prompted them to issue their final warning on the system. On September 5, the JMA issued their final warning on the system, reporting that Talas has become extratropical on the Sea of Japan. 

On September 1, a low pressure area formed to the northeast of Guam. On the next day, the JMA started monitoring the low pressure area as a tropical depression. Soon, the system developed a well-defined but partially exposed low-level circulation center (LLCC), prompting the JTWC to issue a tropical cyclone formation alert. On September 3, the central convection around the LLCC deepened with favorable equatoward outflow prompting the JTWC to initiate advisories on the system, designating it with "16W". Soon, 16W accelerated north at over with its LLCC being being consolidated by convection. Also, data from an ASCAT scatterometer pass revealed that the LLCC was tightly wrapped with winds prompting the JTWC to upgrade 16W to a tropical storm. An Aqua microwave imagery depicted that the LLCC remained partially exposed though consolidated with deep central convection. Albeit in an area of moderate vertical wind shear, an anticyclone enhanced northeastward outflow while a tropical upper tropospheric trough (TUTT cell) suppressed the outflow towards the west. As 16W continued to accelerate north at a staggering , convective banding became fragmented and detached behind the main area of central convection. However, the outflow to the southeast of the storm remained favorable and 16W continued to strengthen, prompting the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm, naming it "Noru".

Late on September 4, Noru's LLCC that remained partially exposed since formation unexpectedly became elongated and started weakening. However, data from an ASCAT scatterometer pass depicted that the LLCC had an expansive area of strong tropical storm force winds along the eastern and northern peripheries. A TUTT cell wrapped the east and northeastern sides of Noru suppressing its outflow. Soon, the convective banding, which was already fragmented started becoming disorganized causing Noru to start weakening. A new TUTT cell developed over the system and started restraining outflow. As a result, the LLCC became fully exposed and virtually lacked convection. The TUTT cell moved over Noru snuffing outflow in all directions and sheared the remnant central convection, prompting the JTWC to downgrade Noru to a tropical depression. However, data from an scatterometer pass depicted that Noru had winds of over near the center, prompting the JTWC to reupgrade the system to a tropical storm. On September 5, Noru started to appear like a hybrid system, primarily showing subtropical characteristics. The JTWC added that Noru was undergoing an extratropical transition and would become an extratropical cyclone within 24 hours. Noru continued to transition into an extratropical cyclone with a broadening LLCC and weaker winds at the core, being embedded in an upper-level trough that suppressed the formation of convection within the LLCC. With the extratropical transition well underway, Noru drifted into an area of low sea surface temperatures and started weakening, prompting the JTWC to downgrade Noru to a tropical depression. On September 6, Noru finished the extratropical transition becoming an extratropical cyclone east-southeast of Hokkaido, Japan, prompting the JMA and the JTWC to issue their final warning on the system. 

Late on September 4, an area of low pressure developed to the southeast of Okinawa, Japan. Over the next two days, the system drifted north and developed a well defined LLCC with organized convective banding, prompting the JMA to upgrade the low pressure area to a tropical depression. On September 7, convection consolidated the low-level circulation center very well with tightly curved banding wrapped into it. Also, high sea-surface temperatures and very low wind shear caused the system to undergo rapid deepening, prior to which, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it "Kulap". However, the system stopped strengthening soon after as the LLCC became partially exposed and the convection was displaced to the south. Kulap remained small in size and dry air entering from the western periphery kept it from strengthening further. Wind shear increased, pushing convection about south of the LLCC. Also, Kulap was beneath a tropical upper tropospheric trough (TUTT cell) that caused subsidence. A mid-level subtropical steering ridge cuased Kulap to track in a northwestward direction. On September 8, Kulap moved into the east-northeast periphery of the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) prompting the PAGASA to start issuing advisories on the system, naming it "Nonoy". However, Kulap quickly accelerated north and exited the PAR on the same evening, prompting the PAGASA to issued their final advisory on the system. After increasing wind shear caused further weakening, the JTWC downgraded Kulap to a tropical depression late on September 8. Early on September 10, the JMA too downgraded Kulap to a tropical depression, and continued to track Kulap's remnants as a tropical depression until it finally dissipated early on September 11.

Early on September 8, a cluster of thunderstorms came together as a low pressure area with imporoving outflow and a developing low-level circulation center (LLCC). Later that day, the JMA upgraded the low pressure area to a tropical depression north-northeast of the Northern Mariana Islands. Over the next two days, the system gradually drifted west and intensified slightly, prompting the JTWC to issue a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on it. Convection gradually consolidated the LLCC and the JTWC initiated advisories on the system on September 11, designating it with "18W". The next day, the depression drifted into the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) and the PAGASA initiated advisories on the depression, naming it "Onyok". However, just as similar to Kulap, Onyok also exited the PAR in 6 hours from entering the region. In an advisory, the JTWC reported that there were at-least two more vortices associated with the system, that caused an abrupt, erratic movement. However, being in an area of warm sea surface temperatures and low vertical wind shear, the depression continued to strengthen and on September 13, the JMA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm and named it "Roke". On September 17, Roke developed a small, deep convective eye promoting the JMA to upgrade Roke to a severe tropical storm with winds of over . Between September 19 and 20, Roke underwent "Explosive intensification", a more extreme case of rapid deepening that involves a tropical cyclone deepening at a rate of at least 2.5 mbar per hour for a minimum of 12 hours. Also, they added that Roke developed a eye and a good poleward outflow channel. On September 21, Typhoon Roke made landfall over Hamamatsu, Japan at about 5:00 UTC (14:00 JST). Soon Roke started weakening as cloud tops started getting warmed up and eye diameter started to decrease. However, the system still maintained a near radial outflow and the convective structure continued to remain organized that kept Roke from dissipating rapidly. Although Roke entered a de-intensification phase, it still had plenty of strength that posed a great threat to regions of Japan. Being about southwest of Yokosuka, Kanagawa, the typhoon accelerated north-northwestward at about with winds of over (1-min sustained) being a Category 3 typhoon on the SSHS. Being embedded in the baroclinic zone, Roke started its extratropical transition. Also, land interaction severely weakened the storm to a minimal Category 1 typhoon with winds of under (1-min sustained). Only six hours later, the storm further weakened and accelerated northeastward at about with rapidly dissipating deep convection completely sheared to the northeast of the LLCC. As a result, the JTWC ceased advisories on the storm, as it became fully extratropical.

Early on September 13, a low pressure area formed northeast of the Northern Mariana Islands. The system gradually drifted north and steadily intensified until the next day when the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical depression. Later on September 14, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on the system reporting that the system could intensify into a tropical storm within 24 hours from then. Convection rapidly consolidated the center with persistent, deep convection around the northeastern periphery, prompting the JTWC to initiate advisories on the system, designating it with "19W". Soon, the JMA also initiated advisories on the system, upgrading it to Tropical Storm "Sonca". In the begging, Sonca seemed to have intensified rapidly since formation, however, soon the storm weakened back to a minimal tropical storm because of dry air entering the LLCC that caused it to elongate and weaken. However, that was not for too long as vigorous convection persisted over the well defined LLCC with tightly curved banding wrapped in, Sonca continued to strengthen gradually and the JTWC reported winds of at-least near the center. As Sonca continued to strengthen, and the JMA upgraded it to a severe tropical storm on September 17. Later that day, Sonca developed a large ragged eye with deep convective banding tightly wrapped into it. As a result, Sonca strengthened more rapidly and by early the next day, it became a typhoon. On September 18, Sonca reached a peak intensity of (1-min mean) and (10-min mean) and soon the convection around the northern periphery started weakening. Being embedded in a baroclinic zone with low sea surface temperatures, Sonca started its extratropical transition late on September 19. The transition took place relatively fast because of a frontal boundary and the JTWC reported that Sonca became extratropical early on September 20, while the JMA did the same later in the evening. 

Early on September 14, the JMA started monitoring a cluster of thunderstorms to the southeast of Taiwan as a tropical depression. But because of the land interaction, the system could not be empowered and the JMA stopped tracking the depression late on September 15, as the system dissipated.

In the evening of September 21, a low pressure area developed to the east-southeast of Palau. The low gradually drifted west and became more well organized prompting the JTWC to issue a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on it. Later, the LLCC became well organized with flaring deep convection developing around it, so the JMA started monitoring the low as a tropical depression. Later on September 23, the JTWC also initiated advisories on the system designating it with "20W". Early on September 24, the JMA further upgraded 20W to a tropical storm and named it "Nesat". Nesat continued to drift west with expanding deep convection around the entire system and consolidating convection around the LLCC. The mid-level warm anomaly near the system continued to intensify and convective banding near the LLCC became more and more tighter. As a result, the JMA upgraded Nesat to a severe tropical storm on September 25. Late on the same day, the JMA further upgraded Nesat to a typhoon.

On the evening of September 21, at almost the same time when Nesat was first seen, another low pressure area persisted far south of Hong Kong. The low slowly drifted north and strengthened slowly until on September 24, when the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical depression east of Vietnam. Later that day, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert stating that the low could develop into a tropical cyclone. Early on September 25, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it "Haitang".

On September 26, the Japan Meteorological Agency started to monitor a weak tropical depression. It had developed about to the northwest of Manila in the Philippines. The next day the JTWC issued a tropical cyclone formation alert on the system. However less than 3 hours later, the JTWC designated it as Tropical Depression 22W. JMA reported that the depression had become a tropical storm and named it Nalgae.

The storm slowly drifted to the west. It got stronger slowyl. Nalgae developed a microwave eye like feature and well defined convective banding in all the quadrants. The system had a tiny radius of winds. It was still strengthening significantly and was very well defined. On the evening of September 28, the JMA reported that Nalgae continued to intensify. They upgraded it to a severe tropical storm with winds of over . On that night, the PAGASA began advisories on Nalgae. They gave it the local name "Quiel" as it entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR). Late on September 29, the JMA upgraded Nalgae to a typhoon. Nalgae quickly intensified on September 30, and became a category 4 super typhoon early on October 1. This was just before making landfall over Luzon. Due to land interaction and colder sea surface temperature in the South China Sea, the JMA downgraded Nalgae to a severe tropical storm on October 2. Then a tropical storm late on October 3. The JTWC downgraded Nalgae to a tropical depression on October 4. The JMA also did it on the next day. Later on October 5, the last low of Nalgae dissipated.

Hitting the Philippines just days after Typhoon Nesat, Nalgae caused further damage across Luzon. It was first feared that Nalgae would cause much more damage to Luzon. But damage from the storm was lighter than Typhoon Nesat. Nearly 2,900 homes were destroyed and about another 15,400 took damage. At least 18 people were killed by the storm and another 7 were reported as missing as of October 11. A total of 1,113,763 people were affected by the storm. Total losses in the country reached just over 115 million PHP (US$2.62 million).
On October 7, the JTWC started monitoring a tropical disturbance about 750 km (465 mi) to the south of Hagåtña, Guam. Over the next couple of days the system gradually developed further while moving towards the west. The JMA reported on October 9, that the disturbance had become a tropical depression. Early on October 10, the JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical depression called "23W". The PAGASA also upgraded it to a tropical depression and named it "Ramon". On October 11, the JMA and the JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it "Banyan". Early on October 12, Banyan made landfall over Leyte, Philippines. The JTWC downgraded it to a tropical depression. A half day later, the JMA also downgraded Banyan to a tropical depression. The system dissipated in the South China Sea on October 16.

While going through the Philippines, Banyan had heavy rains across much of the country. This led to widespread flooding. At least ten people were killed by the storm. A total of 75,632 people were affected by the storm.
On December 11, a disturbance formed and stayed near Chuuk. On December 13, the low pressure area quickly got stronger. On the same day, the JTWC upgraded the low pressure to a tropical depression. They named it "27W". The JMA also upgraded it to a tropical depression. The JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm on December 14. They then downgraded it to a tropical depression early on December 15. The PAGASA called it "Sendong" as it entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility. After passing Palau on December 15, both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm. They named it "Washi". On December 16, Washi made landfall over Surigao del Sur, a province of the Philippines. Several hours later, Washi arrived at the Sulu Sea and regained its strength quickly. Late on December 17, Washi crossed Palawan, and arrived at the South China Sea. On December 19, Washi weakened into a tropical depression and dissipated.
Within the Northwestern Pacific Ocean, there are two separate agencies who assign names to tropical cyclones which often results in a cyclone having two names. The Japan Meteorological Agency names tropical cyclones should they be judged to have 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km/h, (40 mph), to the north of the equator between the 180° and 100°E. Whilst the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility between 135°E and 115°E and between 5°N-25°N even if the cyclone has had a name assigned to it by the Japan Meteorological Agency.

Tropical Cyclones are named from the following lists by the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in Tokyo, Japan, once they reach tropical storm strength. Names are contributed by members of the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee. Each of the 14 nations or territories submitted 10 names, which are used in alphabetical order, by the English name of the country. The next 24 names on the naming list are listed here.

The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility. PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility and any tropical cyclone that might move into their area of responsibility. Should the list of names for a given year prove to be insufficient, names are taken from an auxiliary list, the first 10 of which are published each year before the season starts.

During their 2012 annual session the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee said that the name Washi would be retired from its naming lists. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) said that the names Bebeng, Juaning, Mina, Pedring were retired from PAGASA's list of local names after they each caused over 1 billion PHP in damages to the Philippines during 2011. The name Sendong was also retired from the list after it caused over 300 deaths, when it made landfall on the Philippines during December 2011.

This table lists all the storms that developed in the western Pacific Ocean to the west of the International Date Line during the 2011 season. It includes their intensity, duration, name, landfalls, deaths, and damages. All damage figures are in 2011 USD. Damages and deaths from a storm include when the storm was a precursor wave or extratropical low.


The Saga Begins

"The Saga Begins" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "American Pie" by Don McLean

It's All About the Pentiums

"It's All About the Pentiums" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "It's All about the Benjamins (Rock Remix)" by Sean "Puff Daddy" Combs . It is about a man who is obsessed with computers.

Pretty Fly for a Rabbi

"Pretty Fly for a Rabbi" (also called "Pretty Fly (For a Rabbi)" in Australia) is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Pretty Fly (For a White Guy)" by The Offspring.

You're Pitiful

"You're Pitiful" is a parody song by musician "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "You're Beautiful" by James Blunt. It was released only online in June 2006. Blunt's record label did not want Yankovic to release the song, so he put it on his website for a free download.

Stage (geology)

A stage or age in geology is a period of time measured in millions of years. It is less than an epoch, and more than a chron or chronozone.

Technically, a "stage" is a succession of rock strata laid down in a single age on the geologic timescale, which usually represents millions of years of sedimentation or deposition. An example of a stage in the Geologic time scale is the Kimmeridgian.

Red beds

The term red beds usually refers to strata of reddish-colored sedimentary rocks such as sandstone, siltstone or shale that were deposited in hot climates under oxidizing conditions. They are usually formed in terrestrial situations: on land, and in rivers and lakes.

The red color comes from iron oxide in their mineral structure. Although they have been deposited throughout the Phanerozoic, they are most commonly associated with rocks deposited during the Devonian, Permian and Triassic periods. The Old Red Sandstone is one of the most famous rock formations.

Red beds have economic significance since many of them contain reservoirs of petroleum and natural gas.

Secondary red beds are linked to the uplift, erosion and surface weathering of previously deposited sediments and require conditions similar to primary red beds for their formation.

The formation of red beds has been much discussed. The basic chemical change which produces them is oxidation. At first it was thought they indicated desert conditions. Some do, and this can be proved if the strata show signs of dune formations. However:


Wesel

Wesel is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It has been a city since 1241. About 60,000 people live there.

Wesel is near Duisburg. It belongs to the Ruhr area.

Titanosaurus

Titanosaurus was a genus of sauropod dinosaur, first described by Lydekker in 1877 from fragments, but not confirmed by later research. 

Titanosaurus was 9-12 metres (30-40 ft) long and weighed about 13 tons. Titanosaurus has traditionally been treated as a "wastebasket taxon" for poorly preserved sauropod remains. The most well-known species of "Titanosaurus", "Titanosaurus" colberti, has been renamed "Isisaurus". The remains were from the Upper Cretaceous of India.

First Minister and deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland

The First Minister and the deputy First Minister (Irish: "Céad-Aire agus an leas-Chéad-Aire", Ulster Scots: "Heid Männystèr an tha Heid Männystèr depute"), (FM/dFM for short), are jobs in the Northern Ireland Executive. The First Minister is not more important than the deputy First Minister. The two positions are a diarchy, meaning they have equal power; both are nominated and appointed by members of the Northern Ireland Assembly.

Currently, the position is vacant since the resignation of Paul Givan (DUP) as First Minister in February 2022. Before however, the incumbents were Paul Givan of the Democratic Unionist Party as First Minister and Michelle O'Neill of Sinn Féin as deputy First Minister.

Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly are divided into two groups, Nationalists and Unionists (although there are also some independent or "Other" members).

The First Minister and the deputy First Minister are elected on a joint ticket. Under the St Andrews Agreement, the Leader of the largest party nominates the First Minister, and the leader of the next largest party that is in the other group nominates the deputy First Minister.

Their joint nomination has to obtain an overall majority in the Assembly along with a majority of both designated Nationalist MLAs and designated Unionist MLAs. Designated Other MLAs also vote.

This diarchy was created to enable the leaders of the main unionist and nationalist parties to work together as a team jointly representing both communities.

The first two holders of the office now known as "deputy First Minister", namely Seamus Mallon and Mark Durkan, were both referred to during their periods of office as "Deputy First Minister", with a capital D. This version was also adopted in 1999 for the logo of the OFMDFM.

Several weeks after Martin McGuinness took up office as Deputy First Minister in 2007, civil servants began asking the Assembly's Hansard team to replace the capital D with a lower-case d, deputy was spelled this way in the Northern Ireland Act 1998, the legislation which created the office.

It was neither Mr McGuinness nor his advisers who asked for the change. The Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, William Hay, ordered the change and the capital D was dropped from Hansard references. The Office of the First and deputy First Minister still uses both versions of Mr McGuinness' title on their website, and their archive of press releases has been changed, but the capital D still appears in some places, and a spokesman confirmed on 20 March 2008 that the office has "no plans" to change the OFMDFM logo. However, the Assembly committee that looks at their work is now listed as the "Committee for the Office of the First Minister and deputy First Minister". It was decided that Mr McGuinness should be the deputy First Minister, unless all the other letters in the title are in capitals. Confusion is not completely resolved however; if Mr McGuinness writes to the Assembly committee, his note will have a letterhead that comes from the Office of the First Minister and "Deputy" First Minister, but he'll get a reply back from the Committee for the Office of the First Minister and "deputy" First Minister.



Outlook, Saskatchewan

Outlook is a town in west central Saskatchewan. It is about 80 kilometres south-southwest of Saskatoon. About 2,000 people live in Outlook. It has the longest pedestrian bridge in Canada, the Skytrail.

Skytrail

The Skytrail Bridge is a bridge in Outlook, Saskatchewan that crosses the South Saskatchewan River. Today, it is a pedestrian bridge, but it was a railway until 1987. It is now the longest pedestrian bridge in Canada.

Scrophulariaceae

Scrophulariaceae, the figwort family, is a family of flowering plants, with around 3000 species in around 200 genera, mainly found in the northern temperate regions of the world. The family name is based on the name of the included genus Scrophularia.

Cold seep

A cold seep (sometimes called a cold vent) is an area of the ocean floor where hydrogen sulfide, methane and other hydrocarbon-rich liquids leak out of the Earth's crust, often in the form of a brine pool. Cold seeps form a biome supporting several native species.

Cold seeps change the shape of the ocean floor over time, where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs. These reactions may change when bacteria are present.

Cold seeps at different depths have different names. Other kinds of cold seeps are:

Cold seeps occur over cracks in the seafloor caused by the movement of the Earth's crust. Oil and methane "seep" out of those cracks, get dissolved by tiny bits of rock, and emerge over an area several hundred meters wide.

Methane () is the main part of what we commonly refer to as natural gas. But in addition to being an important energy source for humans, methane also forms the basis of a cold seep ecosystem.

Calamba City

Calamba City is a city in the province of Laguna, Philippines. It is the regional center of Calabarzon, after Lucena City, Calamba is a component city in the placed,
first is San Pablo City, The City of Calamba, is one of the fastest growth city in region 4A, and it growth population, which divided into barangays, because of its economic some, commercials, entertainment, factory companies and others, are served in city, Calamba City is south of Manila. Calamba City is a popular tourist destination. It has several hot spring resorts. Most of these are in Barangay Pansol. There are 651 resorts and hot springs in the city. The Canlubang Golf and Country Club has been the host of many Philippine Opens. Calamba is also an important modern industrial center in the CALABARZON region. This is shown by the large number of industrial parks and business estates in the city. 454,486 people live in the city (2015). There are in 58,466 households. Calamba City is the most populated city in Laguna province. San Pedro, Santa Rosa City, Biñan City, and San Pablo City follow it as the top 5 municipalities and cities by number of people in the province.

Calamba City is the birthplace of José Rizal. He is a national hero in the Philippines.

The name of the city comes from a legend. The legend says that during the early time of the Spanish period in the country, two "guardias civil" or Spanish soldiers were lost. As they moved through the area that is now Calamba, they met a young woman. She came from a river carrying a jar of water and a wooden stove. The soldiers asked the lady what the name of the place was. They asked this in Spanish and used an angry tone to hide the fact that they were lost. She did not speak Spanish and thought she was being questioned about what she was carrying. She answered ""kalan-banga"", meaning "clay stove" ("kalan") and "water jar" ("banga"). Because they could not pronounce it correctly, the city has been called Calamba since then. This legend is immortalized with a large concrete water jar built in the city plaza with the names of the city's barangays written on it. It is said to be the World's Biggest "Claypot". This same jar is also in the city's seal. The idea to build the plaza came from Dr. Agapito Alzona. He was a town councilor at the time. It was built on an unused area that was at one time the old town market. The plaza was built in 1939.

Before it became a separate city, Calamba was a part of Tabuco. Tabuco is now known as Cabuyao, Laguna. Calamba became an independent "pueblo" on August 28, 1742.

While the area was under the control of the Japanese in World War II, the city was the site of a massacre. The Imperial Japanese Army killed at least 2,000 civilians.

With the passage of Republic Acts of the Philippines-Republic Act,No. 9024 on April 7, 2001 and the approval of the people on April 21, Calamba went from being a municipality into being Laguna's second component city. San Pablo City was the other component city at the time. Calamba is seen as a major growth center. 

On October 28, 2003, Calamba City became the regional center of Region IV-A CALABARZON.

Calamba has been the home to five national heroes: Dr. Jose Rizal, General Paciano Rizal, Teodora Alonzo, General Vicente Lim, and Lt. Geronimo Aclan.

The main church in Calamba City is the St. John the Baptist Church. It was built in 1859. The church was burned by the Japanese during World War II. It was rebuilt by Fr. Eliseo Dimaculangan. It was the christening site of Jose Rizal. The original baptismal font has been is still there.


Laguna (province)

Laguna is a landlocked province in the Philippines. It is about 30 kilometres south of Manila. Laguna is named after "La Laguna" which means the lake, meaning Laguna de Bay. This is the largest lake in the Philippines, and is on the north edge of the province. Laguna province has six cities: Biñan, Cabuyao, Calamba, San Pablo, San Pedro, and Santa Rosa. There are two international schools, IB World Schools, to be specific, located in Biñan: Brent International School Manila, and The Beacon Academy.

Deposed Queen Yun

Deposed Queen Yun (, 1445? August 16, 1482) was a queen of Joseon Dynasty. She was the second wife of King Seongjong. She was the mother of Yeonsangun of Joseon.


Institute of Welsh Affairs

The Institute of Welsh Affairs is an independent, think-tank based in the capital of Wales, Cardiff. It focuses its research on politics, culture, economy, education, environment, science and technology in Wales, with the aim of developing plans for "policy innovation and improvement" and promoting new thinking on Welsh issues. It publishes reports on the research it carries out, and organises public seminars and conferences to encourage discussion and debate. It is highly regarded for the quality of its work and its commitment to informed public discussion.

The Institute of Welsh Affairs was created on 22 July 1987 (Company No: 02151006).

The IWA is a membership based organisation, it has about 1,200 individual and 150 corporate members, and more than 100 Fellows. The corporate members include BBC Wales, British Gas, Cardiff County Council, Corus Steel, Eversheds, Julian Hodge Bank, ITV Wales, the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust, S4C, Welsh Water, and the University of Wales.

The Institute is governed by a Board of Trustees. Its first chairman was Henry Kroch, then chairman of AB Electronics. 

In November 2010, the Board members were Eurfyl ap Gwilym, Guy Clarke, Rhys David, Geraint Talfan Davies (Chairman), Peter Davies, Sue Essex, Nigel Griffiths, Gerald Holtham, Megan Mathias, Rob Humphreys, Robert Jolliffe, Ruth Marks, Chris O'Malley, Wendy Sadler, Professor John Tucker, Sir Adrian Webb, Dr. Ruth Williams and Professor Laura McAllister.

The IWA has five area branches – for north Wales, west Wales, Swansea Bay, Gwent, and Cardiff and the Valleys. A sixth 'virtual' branch - IWA Women - has been formed to raise the profile of women's concerns in Wales and to increase the engagement of women with the IWA and civil society in Wales more generally.

Approximately one third of the IWA's income is from membership subscriptions, the remainder coming mainly from the funding of specific research projects by trusts and foundations, and other public and private organisations.

The IWA publishes a journal three times a year (in spring, summer and winter), called "Agenda". First published in 1994, "Agenda" contains articles on current issues in Wales, written by academics, politicians and business people, and a wide range of participants from Welsh civil society. It publishes a regular bulletin on developments in the Assembly, "Assembly Bwletin Cynulliad", published in association with Grayling Wales. In addition, the IWA has published many research reports, discussion papers and books.

In November 2006 the IWA published a report entitled "Time to Deliver: The Third Term and Beyond". This looked at policy options for the Assembly’s third term, and was the result of work by eight study groups in individual policy areas.

In 2010 the IWA's director, John Osmond was asked by the Older People's Commissioner to carry out a study exploring Welsh policy responses to our rapidly ageing society, in particular the Welsh Government’s policy which has been developing in a number of innovative ways since 2003. The findings were published in the bilingual report, 'Adding Life to Years / Ychwanegu Bywyd at a y Blynyddoedd'.

The IWA's most recent publication, entitled 'Engaging Wales' disengaged youth', explores the issue of so-called 'NEETS' - Children Not in Education, Employment of Training. It contains contributions from experts in the fields of youth policy, education, employment, and youth-centred charities. A full list of the IWA's research outputs is available on its website .

One of the IWA’s central activities is holding events which are designed to bring information to the public on a host of public policy issues. The events range from the smaller ‘coffee shop’ debates to full-scale conferences.

Typically, an IWA event will focus on a contested issue in Welsh politics. It will bring in an expert (or number of experts) who have detailed knowledge and understanding of the issue, to clearly present both side’s arguments clearly. This is inline with the first part of its mission, which to help raise the level of public debate on issues affecting Wales, by placing quality information in the public domain.

In 2010 the IWA began the Inspire Wales Awards, in association with the Western Mail. The Awards aimed to raise the profile of Welsh men and women who are making a contribution to our society, to encourage active citizenship and create role models for others. 



Table Mountain

Table Mountain is a flat-topped mountain overlooking the city of Cape Town in South Africa. It is 1084.6 meters (3,563-feet) tall, of sandstone and granite. With nearby mountains and Table Bay, it surrounds the central part of Cape Town.

It is a significant tourist attraction, featured in the flag of Cape Town and other local government insignia. Many visitors use the Table Mountain Aerial Cableway or hike to the top. The mountain forms part of the Table Mountain National Park.

The upper part of the mountain "mesa" (table) consists Silurian/Ordovician quartzitic sandstone, commonly referred to as Table Mountain Sandstone (TMS). It is highly resistant to weathering and forms steep grey crags. 

Below the sandstone is a layer of micaceous shale, which weathers quite readily. The basement of folded metamorphic shales intruded by the Cape Granite are of late Precambrian age.


Fingal’s Cave

Fingal's Cave is a sea cave on the uninhabited island of Staffa, in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland, part of a National Nature Reserve owned by the National Trust for Scotland. 

It is formed entirely from hexagonally jointed basalt columns. These are part of the same ancient lava flow as the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland and those of nearby Ulva. 
In both cases, the cooling surface of the mass of hot lava cracked in a hexagonal pattern in a similar way to drying mud cracking as it shrinks. These cracks slowly extended down into the mass of lava as it cooled and shrank to form the columns, which were later exposed by erosion.

The breakup of Pangaea separated the parts of the same rock formation.

The size of the cave, and its naturally arched roof, and the eerie sounds produced by the echoes of waves, give it the atmosphere of a natural cathedral. The cave's Gaelic name, Uamh-Binn, means "cave of melody."

Romantic composer Felix Mendelssohn visited in 1829 and wrote "Die Hebriden" (in English, "Hebrides Overture Opus 26", commonly known as "Fingal's Cave overture"), inspired by the weird echoes in the cave. Mendelssohn's overture popularized the cave as a tourist destination. Other famous 19th-century visitors included author Jules Verne; poets William Wordsworth, John Keats, and Alfred, Lord Tennyson; and Romantic artist J.M.W. Turner, who painted "Staffa, Fingal's Cave" in 1832. Queen Victoria also made the trip.

Deadpool

Deadpool (real name is Wade Wilson), is a comic book character in the Marvel Universe published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by Rob Leifeld in 1991. Deadpool began as a villain but is currently being used as an anti-hero and in his own comic book series he ended as a good guy. He is currently one of the most popular Marvel characters. He has had many of his own book series as well as been in most of Marvel's other titles. He is often seen in several of the X-Men series of books and is a regular character in the series "Uncanny X-Force". His clothing is colored red and black, and he has two guns and short katanas as well as many other weapons.

Deadpool is a Canadian mercenary whose true name is "Wade Wilson". Deadpool's special power is regeneration. His body can repair itself from any injury. He has formed a relationship with the personification of Death but because his healing power is so strong, he cannot die. This is a common theme in his stories. Deadpool is well known for "breaking the fourth wall". He knows he is a comic book character. Deadpool will often talk to the readers or refer to a specific issue when talking about something that happened in the past. He also can transport to the other alternative universes. His fighting skills are also very known.

In the comic book universe, Deadpool was mostly considered neutral and sometimes even evil, but near the end of the series he was proved to be a good person. He tried really hard to fight his own psychotic mind behaviour and stop killing people. He got married with a person that cared for him and had a daughter. He made friends with an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. and by himself destroyed a whole evil army that was trying to kill his family. In the end, on a vacation with his family and friends, Deadpool hugged his daughter as a second earth came crashing down from the sky, presumably killing him and his family and friends, along with many lives on earth, joining up the story with Secret Wars.

However, Deadpool is seen again in the preview of All-new All-different Marvel, confirming his return.

He has been portrayed by Ryan Reynolds in "" before having a more faithful take starting with "Deadpool". Reynolds reprised his role in "Deadpool 2" (2018), as well as for his upcoming movie "Deadpool & Wolverine" (2024)

Villain

A villain is a bad person in fiction. The word comes from a Latin word meaning a feudal farm worker or peasant. Villains, or antagonists, are usually found in fiction, such as movies, television shows, cartoons, comics, anime, novels and video games. The audience do not usually like the villain and they support the hero or heroine. However, in some cases the villain is more praised by the public than the hero, as the example of Joker in the Batman franchise. In some movies and books (such as the movie Ocean's Eleven), the antagonist is a good person and the main character is bad (such as a robber). When used in comic books, they are depicted as supervillains. Supervillains usually hold some kind of unnatural force.

Giant's Causeway

The Giant's Causeway is an area of about 40,000 interlocking basalt columns. The formation is a result of an ancient volcanic eruption. It is in County Antrim on the northeast coast of Northern Ireland. It is a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. It was named a National Nature Reserve in 1987 by the Department of the Environment for Northern Ireland. In a 2005 poll of "Radio Times" readers, the Giant's Causeway was named as the fourth greatest natural wonder in the United Kingdom.

The tops of the columns form stepping stones that lead from the cliff foot and disappear under the sea. Most of the columns are hexagonal, although there are also some with four, five, seven and eight sides. The tallest are about 12 metres (36 ft) high, and the solidified lava in the cliffs is 28 metres thick in places.

The Giant's Causeway is today owned and managed by the National Trust. It is the most popular tourist attraction in Northern Ireland.

The Giant's Causeway and Fingal's Cave are part of the same volcanic eruption. They were separated by the plate tectonics movements which happened when the supercontinent Pangaea broke up.

During the Palaeogene period, some 50 to 60 million years ago, Antrim was subject to intense volcanic activity. Highly fluid molten basalt intruded through chalk beds to form a large scale lava plateau. As the lava cooled rapidly, contraction occurred. The size of the columns is mostly determined by the speed at which lava from a volcanic eruption cools. The extensive fracture network produced the distinctive columns seen today. The basalts were originally part of a great volcanic plateau called the Thulean Plateau which formed during the Paleogene period. Parts of this plateau can be found in the Faroe Islands, Iceland, and Norway, as well as at Fingal's Cave.


Ornithopter

An ornithopter from the ancient Greek language is an aircraft that flies by flapping its wings. Designers try to make the flapping-wing flight of birds, bats, and insects seem real. Though machines may differ in form, they are usually built on the same scale as these flying creatures. Manned ornithopters have also been built, and some have worked. The machines are of two general types: those with engines, and those powered by the muscles of the pilot.

Calgary Stampede

The Calgary Stampede happens every year and has a rodeo, exhibits, and a festival held every July in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The ten-day event, which calls itself ""The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth,"" brings over one million visitors every year and has the world's largest rodeo. It also has a parade, rides, stage shows, concerts, farming games,and racing. People from Calgary also begin wearing cowboy hats and other cowboy gear in spirit of the event. The stampede began as a farming fair in 1886 and turned into the Calgary Stampede in 1923.


Juggling

Juggling is a skill where a person (the "juggler") keeps objects ("props") moving for a long time, using their hands or other parts of their body. The most common props are balls (or beanbags), clubs and rings. Some jugglers use more dangerous objects such as knives, fire torches and chainsaws. There are other kinds of juggling prop such as diabolos, yo-yos, poi, devil sticks, cigar boxes, foot bags and hats. Some jugglers use bouncing objects. 

Juggling can be for entertainment, art or sport.

3753 Cruithne

3753 Cruithne is an asteroid.

3753 Cruithne was discovered on October 10, 1986, by Duncan Waldron on the UK Schmidt Telescope at Siding Spring Observatory, Coonabarabran, Australia. The 1983 appearance is given to Giovanni de Sanctis and Richard M. West of the European Southern Observatory in Chile. It was not until 1997 that its unusual orbit was found by Paul Wiegert and Kimmo Innanen, working at York University in Toronto, and Seppo Mikkola, working at the University of Turku in Finland. The asteroid is named after the Cruithne, a people of early medieval Ireland.

3753 Cruithne is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) in diameter. From 1994 through 2015, 3753 Cruithne makes its annual closest approach to Earth every November. Although Cruithne's orbit is not thought to be stable over the long term, calculations showed that it has probably been synchronized with Earth's orbit for a long time. There is no danger of a collision with Earth for millions of years, if ever. Its orbital path and Earth's do not cross.

Cruithne is in a normal elliptic orbit around the Sun. Its period of revolution around the Sun, about 364 days at present, is almost equal to that of the Earth. Because of this, Cruithne and Earth appear to follow each other in their paths around the Sun. This is why Cruithne is sometimes called "Earth's second moon". However, it does not orbit the Earth and is not a moon. In 2058, Cruithne will come within 13.6 million kilometres of Mars. Cruithne's distance from the Sun and orbital speed vary a lot more than the Earth's, so from the Earth's point of view Cruithne actually follows a kidney bean-shaped horseshoe orbit ahead of the Earth, taking slightly less than one year to complete a circuit of the "bean". Because it takes slightly less than a year, the Earth "falls behind" the bean a little more each year, and so from our point of view, the circuit is not quite closed, but rather like a spiral loop that moves slowly away from the Earth.
After many years, the Earth will have fallen so far behind that Cruithne will then actually be "catching up" on the Earth from "behind". When it eventually does catch up, Cruithne will make a series of annual close approaches to the Earth and gravitationally exchange orbital energy with Earth; this will alter Cruithne's orbit by a little over half a million kilometres so that its period of revolution around the Sun will then become slightly more than a year. The kidney bean will then start to migrate away from the Earth again in the opposite direction — instead of the Earth "falling behind" the bean, the Earth is "pulling away from" the bean. The next such series of close approaches will be centred on the year 2292 — in July of that year, Cruithne will approach Earth to about 12,500,000 kilometres.
After 380 to 390 years or so, the kidney-bean-shaped orbit approaches Earth again from the other side, and the Earth, once more, alters the orbit of Cruithne so that its period of revolution around the Sun is again slightly less than a year (this last happened with a series of close approaches centred on 1902, and will next happen with a series centered on 2676). The pattern then repeats itself.

More resonant near-Earth objects (NEOs) have since been discovered. These include 54509 YORP, (85770) 1998 UP1, 2002 AA29, and 2009BD which exist in resonant orbits similar to Cruithne's.
Other examples of natural bodies known to be in horseshoe orbits include Janus and Epimetheus, natural satellites of Saturn. The orbits these two moons follow around Saturn are much simpler than the one Cruithne follows, but operate along the same general principles.
Mars has four known co-orbital asteroids (5261 Eureka, 1999 UJ7, 1998 VF31, and 2007 NS2, all at the Lagrangian points), and Jupiter has many (more than 1000 known objects, the Trojan asteroids); there are also other small co-orbital moons in the Saturnian system: Telesto and Calypso with Tethys, and Helene and Polydeuces with Dione. However, none of these follow horseshoe orbits.

Mirror's Edge

Mirror's Edge is a single-player first person action-adventure video game made by Electronic Arts for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.

The plot of Mirror's Edge follows Faith, a member of a group called the Runners. The Runners deliver things from person to person as an underground system, as the city spies on the citizens a lot. Faith's sister is accused of killing a candidate for mayor of the city, and Faith finds out it's part of a plan to kill the Runners. The true killer ends up being an ex-Runner gone rogue working for the government, and Faith saves her sister from being arrested.


WWE Fatal 4-Way

Fatal 4-Way was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on June 20, 2010.

Okaloosa County, Florida

Okaloosa County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on June 13, 1915. As of 2020, 211,668 people lived there. Okaloosa County's seat is Crestview.


Martin County, Florida

Martin County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on June 13, 1915. As of 2020, 158,431 people lived there. Martin County's seat is Stuart. The county is named after John W. Martin. The state park Jonathan Dickinson State Park is in this county.


Wuerhosaurus

Wuerhosaurus was a stegosaurid dinosaur (related to Stegosaurus) from the Lower Cretaceous of China.

Many details of the skeleton are lacking. It had bony, rounded plates along its back and probably 4 bony spikes at the tip of its tail. It had a shorter body and wider hip bones than other stegosaurids. It was one of the last genera of stegosaur known to survive, since most others died out by the end of the Jurassic.

Franklin County, Florida

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on June 13, 1915. As of 2020, 12,451 people lived there. Franklin County's seat is Apalachicola.


Hillsborough County, Florida

Hillsborough County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on June 13, 1915. As of 2020, 1,459,762 people lived there. Hillsborough County's seat is Tampa.


Inner Hebrides

The Inner Hebrides is an archipelago off the west coast of Scotland, to the south east of the Outer Hebrides. 

Together these two island chains form the Hebrides, which enjoy a mild oceanic climate because the Gulf Stream runs past them. 

There are 36 inhabited islands and a further 43 uninhabited Inner Hebrides with an area greater than . The main commercial activities are tourism, crofting, fishing, and whisky distilling. 

Combined, the islands have an area of approximately , and had a population of 18,257 people in 2001. The population density is therefore a little over 4 persons per km (11 persons per square mile).

There are various important prehistoric structures, many of which pre-date the first written references to the islands by Roman and Greek authors. 

In the historic period the earliest known settlers were Picts to the north and Gaels in the south. The islands became part of the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles, the "Suðreyjar" kingdom of the Norse. The Norsemen ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266. 

Control of the islands was then held by various clan chiefs, principal of which were the Clan MacLeod and Clan MacDonald. The Highland Clearances of the 19th century had a devastating effect on many communities and it is only in recent years that population levels have ceased to decline.

Sea transport is crucial and ferry services operate between the islands and the mainland Britain. The Gaelic language and the Wee Free Church of Scotland remains strong in some areas. The landscapes have inspired a variety of artists, and there is a diversity of wildlife.

Skye, Mull and Islay are the largest islands.

There are also many small, uninhabited islands. One of the uninhabited isles, Staffa, is home to Fingal's Cave and basalt columns.

Hebrides

The Hebrides are two archipelagos off the west coast of Scotland. They are:

Hebrides or Hebridean may also be:

Scion xB

The Scion xB was a car made by Toyota for the United States and was sold under the Scion brand. It is a box-shaped, 5-door small car and is sometimes called the box car. There are two types of Scion xB cars on the road today. The first type was made from 2004 until 2006. This type was known for its boxy shape and high fuel economy. 
The second type was made from 2008 until 2015. This type looks much rounder and it is more powerful than the first type of car. This type is also not as popular because it is a more generic type of car. There has been a lot of criticism about the second type of Scion xB because of this reason. Also, many original xB owners despise the xB2 even being called an xB. The xB2 has its own name in other markets. Scion used the xB name in an attempt to help sell it in America.

Earthquake protector

An earthquake protector is a type of base isolation made to protect building and non-building structures against damage from strong earthquakes.

Storegga Slide

The three Storegga Slides were large landslides. They occurred under water, at the edge of Norway's continental shelf, in the Norwegian Sea. This is between Norway and Greenland, just north of Great Britain.

They caused a very large tsunami in the North Atlantic Ocean. About 290 km length of coastal shelf, 3,500 km of debris fell. This is an area the size of Iceland covered to a depth of 34 m (112 ft).

Based on carbon dating of plant material, the latest incident occurred around 6100 BC. 

In Scotland, traces of this tsunami have been found in the Montrose Basin (estuary of the South Esk river), and the Firth of Forth, up to 80 km inland and 4 metres above today's normal tide levels.

For the Ormen Lange natural gas field, the incident has been thoroughly investigated. One conclusion is that the slide was caused by material built up during the previous ice age, and that it would only happen again after a new ice age. This conclusion is supported by scientific studies. Facts and arguments supporting this conclusion were made public in 2004.

It was decided that the development of the Ormen Lange gas field would not significantly increase the risk of triggering a new slide. A new slide would trigger a very large tsunami which would be devastating for the coast areas around the North Sea and the Norwegian Sea.

Brett Skinner

Brett Skinner (born June 28, 1983 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing in the Russian Kontinental Hockey League with Amur Khabarovsk.

Skinner was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks 68th overall in the 3rd round of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. Brett was a member of the Trail Smoke Eaters in the BCHL in 2000–01, the Des Moines Buccaneers in the USHL in 2001–02, and then the University of Denver from 2002–2005. As a Denver Pioneer, he was a member of two NCAA national championship winning teams, was named an All-American in 2004–05. He was named team captain for what would have been his senior year at Denver (2005–06) but signed his first professional contract with the Canucks on August 30, 2005, and made his pro debut with affiliate, the Manitoba Moose of the AHL, in the 2005–06 season. At the trade deadline, Skinner was traded by the Canucks, along with a 2nd round pick to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim for Keith Carney and Juha Alen on March 9, 2006. Despite being dealt, Skinner remained on loan with the Moose until the end of the season.

Brett spent the 2006–07 season, playing with the Augusta Lynx, Portland Pirates and the Omaha Ak-Sar-Ben Knights. He was traded by the Ducks, along with Nathan Saunders, to the Boston Bruins for Mark Mowers just prior to the 2007–08 season on September 24, 2007. Skinner enjoyed a break out year with the Providence Bruins recording 47 points in 68 games and playing in the AHL All-Star game.

On July 3, 2008, Skinner was signed to a one-year contract by the New York Islanders. Brett was assigned to affiliate, the Bridgeport Sound Tigers of the AHL, to start the 2008–09 season. When a rash of injuries hit the Islanders, Skinner was recalled and made his NHL debut in a 4-2 defeat against the New York Rangers on October 27, 2008. Skinner played 11 games with the Isles before he was returned to the Sound Tigers. On January 13, 2009, Brett was traded by the Islanders to the Atlanta Thrashers for Junior Lessard. He was then assigned to affiliate, the Chicago Wolves, where he remained for the rest of the season.

On July 8, 2009, Skinner signed a one-year contract with the Colorado Avalanche. He was assigned to the Avalanche's AHL affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, for 2009–10. Skinner scored 28 points in 73 games for the Monsters. During the season on January 22, 2010, Skinner was re-called but did not debut with the Avalanche.

Skinner left North America as a free agent and signed a one-year contract with Russian team, Amur Khabarovsk, of the KHL on August 12, 2010.


Alex Smart

Alexander Smart (May 29, 1918 – April 18, 2005) was a Canadian ice hockey forward. He played one season for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League and spent the majority of his career in the Quebec Senior Hockey League.

Born in Brandon, Manitoba, Smart played junior hockey in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League with the Portage Terriers for two seasons. In 1937–38, joined the senior ranks with the Toronto Marlboros of the Ontario Hockey Association and scored 23 points in 12 games at a goal-per-game pace. The following season, he began a three-year stint in the Montreal City Hockey League (MCHL) with the Verdun Maple Leafs and Montreal Sr. Canadiens.

In 1941–42, Smart moved with the Sr. Canadiens to the Quebec Senior Hockey League (QSHL). Affiliated with the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League, Smart was called up to the NHL in 1943 and, on January 14, became the first player in league history to score a hat trick in his NHL debut (this feat was later matched by Réal Cloutier of the Quebec Nordiques in 1979, Fabian Brunnström of the Dallas Stars in 2008, and Derek Stepan of the New York Rangers in 2010). He completed the season with 5 goals and 2 assists in 8 games – the lone NHL stint of his career. 

Smart spent the remainder of his career in the QSHL with the Montreal Royals and Ottawa Senators with the exception of one more season in the MCHL with the Montreal Vickers and the final season of his career in the OVHL with Eastview St. Charles. He recorded a career-high 66 points in 47 games with the Senators in 1947–48, then helped the club to an Allan Cup in 1949 as Canada's senior amateur champions. Smart retired after the 1950–51 season spent with Eastview.

After retiring from the QSHL, Smart became a scout for the Los Angeles Kings and worked with Goodyear Tire for forty years.


Brock Trotter

Brock Trotter (born January 16, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Centre who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He played two games in the NHL with the Montreal Canadiens during the 2009-10 NHL season.

On April 15, 2008, he was recalled from the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League. He was expected to play his first NHL game on April 19, 2008, against the Boston Bruins but was a late scratch. In the 2009–10 season on February 5, 2010 Brock was again recalled from Hamilton Bulldogs to Montreal. He finally made his NHL debut on February 6, 2010 against the Pittsbugh Penguins in a 5-3 victory. Playing with familiar Bulldogs teammates with Ryan White and David Desharnais, Trotter went scoreless in two games before returning to the Bulldogs to lead the team with 36 goals and place second to Desharnais with 77 points.

On July 28, 2010, Trotter left the Canadiens organization and North America to sign a two-year contract as a free agent with Latvian team Dinamo Riga of the KHL.

Firth of Forth

The Firth of Forth is the estuary or "firth" of Scotland's River Forth. It flows into the North Sea, between Fife to the north, and West Lothian, the City of Edinburgh and East Lothian to the south. 

Geologically, the Firth of Forth is a fjord, formed by the Forth Glacier in the last glacial period. The river is tidal as far inland as Stirling. 

Traffic is carried across the Firth on the Kincardine Bridge, the Forth Road Bridge and the Forth Rail Bridge. In the 21st century, the Clackmannanshire Bridge has been built close to the Kincardine Bridge and the Queensferry Crossing has been built close to the Forth Road Bridge to handle increased road traffic.

In July 2007, a hovercraft passenger service completed a two week trial between Portobello, Edinburgh and Kirkcaldy, Fife. The trial of the service (marketed as "Forthfast") was hailed as a major operational success, with an average passenger load of 85%. It was predicted to cut congestion for commuters on the Forth road and rail bridges by carrying about 870,000 passengers a year. The service was canceled in 2011.

Don't Download This Song

"Don't Download This Song" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a style parody of charity songs like "We Are the World".

White &amp; Nerdy

"White & Nerdy" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Ridin'" by Chamillionaire and Krayzie Bone. It is about a person who is a nerd and wants to join a gang, but cannot because he is too "white and nerdy".

Canadian Idiot

"Canadian Idiot" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "American Idiot" by Green Day.

EBay (song)

"eBay" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "I Want It That Way" by Backstreet Boys. It is about a man who buys strange and unnecessary things on eBay.

Northern Isles

The Northern Isles are a chain of islands off the north coast of mainland Scotland.

The group includes Shetland, Fair Isle and Orkney. Sometimes Stroma is included, which is part of Caithness.

The Northern Isles are usually separated for political purposes, but they come under the Orkney and Shetland parliamentary constituency in Westminster.

Due to their history, the islands have a Norse, rather than a Gaelic flavour, and have historic links with the Faroes, Iceland, and Norway.

Orkney and Shetland were given to Scotland as a deposit on the dowry of Margaret of Denmark when she married James III of Scotland in 1469.

Michele Bachmann

Michele Marie (née Amble) Bachmann (born April 6, 1956) is a Republican politician and activist. Since 2007 she has been a United States Congresswoman from Minnesota.

She was born in Waterloo, Iowa but grew up in Anoka, Minnesota. At age 16 she became a born again Christian. In 1974 she spent a summer on a Kibbutz near Beer Sheva, Israel. She went to college at Winona State University. In the 1980s and 90s, she was a tax attorney. She was also a pro-life advocate. She served in the Minnesota State Senate from 2001 to 2007. Since 2007, she has been a U.S. Congresswoman from Minnesota's 6th district. Bachmann is one of the leaders of the Tea Party movement in Congress. She started the Congressional Tea Party Caucus. She has often been critical of President Obama, who she considers anti-American. Bachmann has been critical of the American education system, in part because it teaches evolution. Bachmann also does not believe in global warming. In June 2012, she said that she was running for President of the United States.

She is married to Marcus Bachmann. They live in Stillwater, Minnesota where they run a mental health care practice with 42 employees. They have five children and 23 foster children.


Cam Newton

Cameron "Cam" Jerrell Newton (born May 11, 1989) is an American football quarterback who is a free agent. He played college football at Auburn University, where he won a National Championship in 2011.

Newton was born in Savannah, Georgia to parents Cecil and Jackie Newton. His father played professional football in the NFL. He grew up in College Park, Georgia. He attended Seaborn Lee Elementary School and then Camp Creek Middle School. In 2003, he attended Westlake High School in Fulton County, Georgia, where he played football and basketball.
In 2007, as a freshman at the University of Florida, Newton earned the spot over fellow quarterback John Brantley as the back-up for star quarterback and eventual Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow. He played in five games and threw for 40 yards on 5-of-10 passing and ran the ball 16 times for 103 yards and three touchdowns. In 2008, during his sophomore season, Newton played in the season opener against Hawaii. He then suffered an ankle injury.

On November 21, 2008, police arrested Newton for stealing a laptop computer. He was suspended by the team. Newton tossed the computer out his dorm window in an attempt to hide it from the police. Newton was suspended indefinitely and announced his intention to transfer three days before Florida's national championship win over Oklahoma. All criminal charges against him were dropped after he completed a court-approved pretrial diversion program. Foxsports.com reported that Newton left the University of Florida after the fall semester in 2008 rather than face suspension or expulsion in part because of three instances of academic cheating.

In January 2009, Newton transferred to Blinn College a junior college in Brenham, Texas. In fall 2009, he was quarterback for the team. The team won the 2009 NJCAA National Football Championship. Newton then wanted to transfer to a four-year college, and his father allegedly sought money from the schools competing for Newton's attendance. Newton transferred to Auburn University where he also played quarterback.
Newton spent much of the second half of the 2010 football season haunted by allegations that his father wanted money in return for his son playing for a major-college team. If true, this would violate National Collegiate Athletic Association rules. In early November, officials with Mississippi State University charged that Cecil Newton said that it would take "more than just a scholarship" to secure his son's services. This demand was apparently spread by Kenny Rogers, a recruiter who formerly played for the Bulldogs, to John Bond, his former teammate at MSU. Rogers later said in a Dallas radio interview that Cecil Newton said it would take "anywhere between $100,000 and $180,000" to get his son to transfer to MSU. Auburn maintained throughout the scandal that they were not involved in any pay-for-play scheme, and that Cam Newton was allowed to play.

On December 1, the NCAA announced that Auburn had declared Cam Newton to be ineligible. Auburn found evidence that Cecil Newton did in fact ask Mississippi State for money in exchange for Cam Newton's athletic service. Auburn immediately asked the NCAA to reinstate Newton. The NCAA quickly reinstated Newton, declaring him eligible for the 2010 SEC Championship Game three days later. The NCAA said that there was not sufficient evidence that Cam Newton or anyone from Auburn had any knowledge of Cecil Newton's actions. Auburn subsequently limited the access Cecil Newton had to the football program as result of NCAA findings. Also due to increased pressure by the media and the NCAA investigation, Cecil Newton announced he would not attend the Heisman Trophy Ceremony. The NCAA reinstatement did not clear Cecil Newton of any wrongdoing. The NCAA action did make Cam Newton eligible to win the Heisman Trophy. He won the award with 2,263 points and 729 first-place votes.

In October 2011, the NCAA closed its 13-month investigation into the Auburn University recruitment of Newton. The NCAA conducted over 50 interviews, and reviewed bank records, IRS documents, telephone calls, and e-mail messages. The NCAA found nothing that would indicate Auburn paid to recruit Newton to become an Auburn student. The NCAA's Stacey Osburn would say "We've done all we can do. We've done all the interviews. We've looked into everything, and there's nothing there. Unless something new comes to light that's credible and we need to look at, it's concluded." 

Newton was selected 1st overall by the Carolina Panthers in the 2011 NFL Draft. On July 29, 2011, Newton signed a four-year deal worth over $22 million that is fully guaranteed. He was the number one quarterback for the team, above Jimmy Clausen and Derek Anderson. In his first NFL game on September 11, 2011, Newton was 24–37 passing for 422 yards, 2 touchdowns and 1 interception in a 28–21 road loss to the Arizona Cardinals. With a quarterback rating of 110.4, he also rushed for a touchdown, and became the first rookie to throw for over 400 yards in his first career game. His 422 passing yards broke Peyton Manning's rookie record for most passing yards on opening day.

In his second career game, his team lost 30–23 to the defending Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers. Newton broke his own record, set the weekend previously, with 432 yards passing, throwing and rushing for a touchdown. Newton's 854 passing yards in the first two games of the season was the most in league history by a rookie. Newton broke the NFL record of 827 set by Kurt Warner in the 2000 season. He also became the only player to begin his career with consecutive 400-yard passing games He broke the Carolina Panthers franchise record of 547 yards previously held by Steve Beuerlein. After Newton's second career game, Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers commented "I think someone said in the locker room that I'm kind of glad we played him early in the season because when he figures it out fully, he's going to be even tougher to stop." Newton's three additional interceptions against the Packers tied him for the most interceptions thrown in the league. He passed a total of 1,012 yards in the first three games.

The Panthers won for the first time in the season against the Jacksonville Jaguars 16–10. Newton threw for 158 yards and one touchdown. The Panthers played the Atlanta Falcons, losing 31–17 while passing for 237 yards with no passing touchdowns. Newton's three interceptions returned him to leading the NFL in interceptions. On October 23, 2011, the Carolina won over the Washington Redskins, 33-20. Newton completed 18 of 23 passes for 256 yards and a touchdown. Newton also ran for 59 yards and a touchdown. Despite his bad interception count, Newton was voted the 2011Offensive Rookie of the Year.

Anna Louise Strong

Anna Louise Strong (November 24, 1885 – March 29, 1970) was an American journalist and activist who reported on communist movements in the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China. She also supported these movements.

Strong was born on November 24, 1885 in Friend, Nebraska. Her father, Sydney Dix Strong, was a minister in the Congregational Church and was a missionary. She was a very smart child and went through school very fast. She then went to Europe to study other languages.

She first attended Pennsylvania's Bryn Mawr College from 1903 to 1904, then graduated from Oberlin College in Ohio, where she later returned to speak many times. In 1908, at the age of 23, she finished her education and received a PhD in philosophy from the University of Chicago with a thesis later published as "The Social Psychology of Prayer". She supported child welfare, and traveled around speaking about it. When she came toSeattle to speak about it in May 1914, more than 6,000 people came per day. At least 40,000 people came on her last day in Seattle.

Strong was 30 years old when she returned to Seattle to live with her father, then pastor of Queen Anne Congregational Church. She liked the progressive politics that were popular there, which supported organized labor.

Strong also enjoyed mountain climbing. She organized cooperative summer camps in the Cascades and led climbing groups up Mt. Rainier.

When Strong ran for the Seattle School Board in 1916, she won easily because she was helped by women's groups and organized labor and because she was known as an expert on child welfare. She was the only female board member. She argued that the public schools should offer social service programs for poor children and that these programs should be community centers. But there was little she could do: Other members chose to devote meetings to things that Strong felt were less important, such as plumbing in the schools.

In the year of her election, 1916, the Everett Massacre happened . Strong was hired as a stringer by the "New York Evening Post" to report on the bloody conflict between the IWW (or "Wobblies") and the army of armed guards hired by Everett mill owners to keep them out of town. At first, she was just somebody who was watching without taking a side. However, she soon started taking the side of workers' rights and speaking about this belief.

Strong's endorsement of left-wing causes made her different from the other people on the school board. She was against war, and when the United States entered World War I in 1917, she spoke out against the draft. On one hand, the PTA and women's clubs joined her in opposing military training in the schools. On the other hand, the Seattle Minute Men, many of whom were veterans of the Spanish-American War, said that she was unpatriotic.

The anti-war beliefs of the Wobblies led to many of them being arrested at the Seattle office where Louise Olivereau, a typist, was mailing things to draftees that told them to think about becoming conscientious objectors and not enter the draft. In 1918, Strong stood by Olivereau's side in the courtroom, as the typist-activist was tried for sedition, found guilty, and sent to prison.

Strong's fellow school board members started recall campaign to get Strong removed from the school board, and they won. She showed up at their next meeting to argue that they should choose a woman to replace her. The school board decided to do this, but they said that they wanted a mainstream, patriotic representative, and a mother with children in the schools. They replaced Anna Louise Strong with Evangeline C. Harper, a well known country club woman.

Strong because known as part of the city's labor-owned daily newspaper, "The Union Record", writing forceful pro-labor articles and saying good things about the new Soviet government. On February 6, 1919, two days before the beginning of the Seattle General Strike of 1919, she wrote in an editorial: "We are undertaking the most tremendous move ever made by labor in this country, a move which will lead – NO ONE KNOWS WHERE!" The strike shut down the city for four days and then ended as it had begun – peacefully and with its goals still unclear.

Not knowing what to do, she took her friend Lincoln Steffens' advice and in 1921 travelled to Poland and Russia serving as a correspondent for the American Friends Service Committee. The reason she was going was to give the first foreign relief to the Volga famine victims. After a year of that, she was named Moscow correspondent for the International News Service. Strong saw many things in Europe which inspired her to write. Some of her works include "The First Time in History" (preface by Leon Trotsky) (1924), and "Children of Revolution" (1925). After remaining in the area for several years, Strong grew to become an supporter of socialism in the newly formed Soviet Union. In 1925, during the era of the New Economic Policy in the USSR, she came back to the United States to make businessmen interested in investing in industry and development in the Soviet Union. During this time Strong, also gave many speeches and became well known as an authority on "soft news" (such as how to get an apartment) about the USSR.

In the late 1920s, Strong travelled in China and other parts of Asia. She became friends with Soong Ching-ling and Zhou Enlai. She wrote some more books about her travels, including "China's Millions" (1928), "Red Star in Samarkand" (1929).

In 1930 she came back to Moscow and helped start "Moscow News", the first English-language newspaper in the city. She was managing editor for a year and then became a featured writer. She married Soviet official and fellow socialist Joel Shubin in 1932. Much like Strong, Shubin was a man passionately dedicated to his work and the two were often apart because of work, and would ultimately spend little time together before Shubin's death in 1942.

While living in the Soviet Union, she became more happy with the Soviet government and wrote many books praising it. They include: "The Soviets Conquer Wheat" (1931), an updated version of "China's Millions: The Revolutionary Struggles from 1927 to 1935" (1935), the best-selling autobiographical "I Change Worlds: the Remaking of an American" (1935), "This Soviet World" (1936), and "The Soviet Constitution" (1937).

In 1936 she returned once again to the United States. Quietly and privately upset with news in the USSR (The "Great Purges"), she continued to write for leading periodicals, including "The Atlantic Monthly", "Harper's", "The Nation" and "Asia". A visit to Spain resulted in "Spain in Arms" (1937); visits to China led to "One Fifth of Mankind" (1938). In 1940 she published "My Native Land". Other books include "The Soviets Expected It" (1941); the novel "Wild River" (1943), set in Russia; "Peoples of the U.S.S.R." (1944), "I Saw the New Poland" (1946) (based on her reporting from Poland as she accompanied the occupying Red Army); and three books on the success of the early Communist Party of China in the Chinese Civil War.

While in the USSR she travelled throughout the huge nation, including the Ukraine, Kuznetsk, Stalingrad, Kiev, Siberia, Central Asia, Uzbekistan, and many more. She also travelled into Poland, Germany, and Britain. While in the Soviet Union, Strong met with Stalin, Molotov, and many other Soviet officials. She interviewed factory workers, farmers, and pedestrians.

In World War II, when the Red Army began its advance against Nazi Germany, Strong stayed in the rear following the soldiers through Warsaw, Łódź and Gdańsk. In great part because of her overtly pro-Chinese Communist sympathies she was arrested in Moscow in 1949 and charged by the Soviets with espionage. She later returned to the USSR in 1959, but settled in China until her death.

Strong met W. E. B. Du Bois, who visited Communist China during the Great Leap Forward in the late 1950s. Neither ever supported famine-related criticisms of the Great Leap. Strong wrote a book titled "When Serfs Stood Up in Tibet" based on her experience during this period, which include the Chinese invasion of Tibet.

Partly from fear of losing her passport if she came back to the US, she moved to China until her death in 1970, publishing a "Letter from China." During that time, she got to know Zhou Enlai very well, and also knew Mao Zedong. She lived in the old Italian Legation which had been changed into flats for the leading "foreign friends".

Anna Louise Strong died in Beijing, on March 29, 1970.






Winona, Minnesota

Winona is a city in southeast Minnesota just west of the Mississippi River. Winona State University serves the region.

For Your Entertainment

For Your Entertainment is the debut studio album by American singer and "American Idol" season 8 runner-up Adam Lambert. The album was recorded during the summer and fall of 2009 and was released on November 23, 2010 in the United States. The album was released under RCA Records. The album was produced by Dr Luke, Max Martin, Linda Perry, and Ryan Tedder. It his #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart and #29 on the 2010 Year-End U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart. 

The album was first released in the United Kingdom, on November 20, 2009, to generally positive reception. The album was released internationally with "Time for Miracles", "Master Plan", "No Boundaries", "Down the Rabbit Hole" and "Voodoo" as bonus tracks. The CD was also released in a "Tour Edition", featuring the bonus tracks, live performances, music videos, and the making of "If I Had You"'s music video.

The album was released with a different cover, the same image of the title track artwork. The only difference it's that "Adam Lambert" and "For Your Entertainment" are above, instead of being down.


Ingredient

An ingredient is a part that forms part of a mixture (in a general sense). For example, in cooking, recipes specify which ingredients are used to prepare a specific dish. Many commercial products contain a secret ingredient that is purported to make them better than competing products. In the health industry, an active ingredient is that part of a recipe that yields the effect required by the buyer.

National laws usually require prepared food products to show a list of ingredients, and require that certain "bad things" be listed.

In most developed countries, the law requires that ingredients be listed according to their weight in the product. If an ingredient itself consists of more than one ingredient (such as the cookie pieces which are a part of "cookies and cream" flavor ice cream), then that ingredient is listed by what percentage of the total product it occupies, with its own ingredients showed next to it in brackets.

Chainsaw

A chainsaw (or chain saw) is a portable mechanical saw, typically powered by a two-stroke engine. It is used for cutting trees, to fell snags, to cut firebreaks in wild land fires, and to harvest firewood. Special chainsaws are used for cutting concrete.

A chainsaw has several parts, including:


As chainsaw carving has become more popular, the makers of chainsaws are making special short, narrow-tipped bars for carving. These are called "quarter tipped," "nickel tipped" or "dime tipped" bars, based on the size of the round tip. After sometime the chainsaw chain gets dull.

Orion (spacecraft)

Orion is a spacecraft built by Lockheed Martin for NASA. Each Orion spacecraft will be able to carry up to six astronauts. The Orion vehicle will be launched on the Space Launch System. The first launch (Exploration Flight Test-1) was on the Delta IV Heavy.

Orion will launch from Launch Complex 39B at Kennedy Space Center, the same launch site used by the Space Shuttle and the Saturn V. Orion is meant to take humans to the Moon and Mars.

Orion was first made for the Constellation program in 2004, as the Orion CEV (Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle). It was meant to be launched on the Ares I rocket. Then it would be able to go to the International Space Station. It was also planned to go to a spacecraft launched in pieces on different Ares V rockets, and the spacecraft with the Orion would go to the Moon, Mars, or another place.

On October 11, 2010, Constellation was cancelled. They created a new program and a new rocket called the Space Launch System, and changed the name of Orion to the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle. This rocket will launch Orion for going to the Moon in 2022 and Mars in 2033.



Bracket

Brackets are tall punctuation marks used in matched pairs within text. They are used in mathematics and in literature (written language). They are sometimes used to set apart or interject other parts of the text. They are noted as left/right: the "left bracket" is "[" and the "right bracket" is "]".

In the American English, "bracket" usually refers specifically to the "square" or "box" type. In British English, "bracket" normally refers to the "round" type, which is called a "parenthesis" mark in American usage.

Parentheses are the curved brackets "(  )". They are also called "round brackets", "curved brackets", "oval brackets", or, colloquially, "parens".

Parentheses have several different meanings, such as:
There are also other uses for parentheses.

Parentheses enclose text which could be left out, without destroying or altering the meaning of a sentence. In most writing, overuse of parentheses is usually a sign of a badly structured text. A milder effect may be obtained by using a pair of commas around the text, although if the sentence contains commas for other uses, then visual confusion may result.

Parentheses may be used in formal writing to add more information, such as in:
They can also note "either singular or plural" for nouns, such as in the word "claim(s)".

In mathematics, various brackets are used for various purposes. These include, in particular:




Theogony

The Theogony (, "Theogonía", the birth of the gods) is a poem by Hesiod. It was written in the 8th or 7th century BC, and uses the same dialect of Ancient Greek as Homer. This dialect is known as Epic dialect today. With the exception of the Illiad and the Odyssey, the Theogony is the oldest known source of Greek mythology.

The poem is a synthesis of different Greek stories and traditions. It is a story that tells how the gods came to be and how they established permanent control over the cosmos. It is the first Greek mythical cosmogony. In the beginning, the state of the universe is chaos - a dark indefinite void. Everything else appeared from divine chaos.



Musaceae

The Musaceae are a family of flowering plants in the order Zingiberales. The family is native to the tropics of the Old World. The plants are large herbs with very big leaves; the lower parts of the leaves form a false stem so they look as trees.

The species of this family are native to the tropics of Africa, East Asia, Australia and South Pacific; some of them, like bananas and plantains, are grown in all tropical countries for their fruits.

These are perennial herbaceous plants; they are not very tall. The lower parts of the big leaves are closely packed making a false stem ("pseudostem") that is not made of wood. The true stems grow underground; it is called a rhizome or a corm. The false stems die after flowering and producing fruits and are replaced by new false stems rising from the underground corm.

The flowers have bracts and grow in groups (inflorescences) and are pollinated by insects, birds, bats and treeshrews.

Fruits are berries with many hard seeds but the fruits of commercial bananas and plantains do not have seeds because they are steriles.

The French botanist Antoine Laurent de Jussieu created this family in 1789.

There are three genera in this family:

Acceptance of "Musella" has varied; , the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families considers it a synonym of "Ensete".

In addition to banana and plantain fruits and their products (including alcohol, meal), "Musa" species and varieties are important sources of fibre (abacá, Manila hemp).


Zingiberales

Zingiberales is an order of flowering plants. The order has been widely recognised by the taxonomists, at least for the past few decades. This order includes many familiar plants like ginger, cardamom, turmeric, galangal and myoga of the Zingiberaceae or ginger family, and bananas and plantains of the Musaceae or banana family, along with arrowroot of the Marantaceae or arrowroot family.

Zingiberaceae

Zingiberaceae, or the Ginger family, is a family of flowering plants consisting of aromatic perennial herbs with creeping horizontal or tuberous rhizomes, comprising ca. 52 genera and more than 1300 species, distributed throughout tropical Africa, Asia, and the Americas.

TWAS

Nobel Laureate Abdus Salam of Pakistan led a group of scientists in starting TWAS in 1983. This group of important and respected scientists knew that scientific research in developing countries was not good enough and wanted to improve it. TWAS meant Third World Academy of Sciences. The name was changed to TWAS, the academy of sciences for the developing world in 2004. TWAS is a science academy uniting 1,000 scientists in some 70 countries. Its main goals are promoting the ability to do science and excellence for sustainable development in the South (see North-South divide). Its headquarters are at the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP) in Trieste, Italy.





The founding members of TWAS therefore decided to set up an organization that would help to: 

The Italian government has supported TWAS financially since it began. The director general of UNESCO and the president of TWAS signed an agreement. UNESCO has managed TWAS finance and staff since 1991.

These are some of the original fellows. They started TWAS in 1983.

For Your Entertainment (song)

For Your Entertainment is the debut mainstream single by pop singer/songwriter and runner up of American Idol's 8th season "Adam Lambert". It is the lead single for the album "For Your Entertainment". The song was released commercially on November 3, 2009. The single was written by Claude Kelly and Dr. Luke. It's set to be his first U.K single and his third Australian single. 

On October 28, 2009, Lambert announced via Twitter that his lead single from his debut album would be "For Your Entertainment", a song that was produced by Dr. Luke. The following day, Lambert announced that the single would debut on Ryan Seacrest's radio show on October 30, 2009.

The song became available as a legal download in the United States on November 3, 2009 and on November 15, 2009 in the United Kingdom.

On November 24th, 2009 UK dance music group comprising producers Lee Dagger and Marc JB and vocalist Katherine Ellis called "Bimbo Jones" remixed "For You Entertainment" and released it on iTunes Store. It also has a short edit for radio mainstream.

On December 1st, 2009 RCA/Jive released American producer Brad Walsh's remix of the song "For Your Entertainment" on iTunes on Adam Lambert's "Remixes" EP. The remix also opened Adam's Glam Nation tour and was on an E! commercial.

The music video premiered on Lambert's official website on November 24, 2009. It was directed by Ray Kay. The video was filmed in a one-day shoot, on November 15 at The Alexandria, an old hotel which is now an apartment building in downtown Los Angeles.

The video opens with a nighttime street level shot in a city. As the camera pans down below the ground, Lambert is shown walking into an underground club, filled with scantily clad men and women. As he begins singing, he walks through the crowd and interacts and dances with others. Mixed with dancing are close up shots of Lambert and various dancers. Towards the end of the song, Lambert begins to play with his band and the video shows everyone in the club dancing. As the song ends, the camera pans back up to the street level where life is continuing on, completely oblivious of what is going on below the streets.

No Boundaries (song)

"No Boundaries" is a song originally written for season 8 "American Idol" winner Kris Allen. The song was covered by Allen in 2009 for the finale and winning of season 8. The song was officially released by Kris Allen on May 20, 2009. 

The song was written by Kara DioGuardi, Cathy Dennis, and Mitch Allen. Kris Allen's version of this single was produced by independent producer Emanuel Kiriakou.

Adam Lambert, runner-up of "American Idol"'s 8th season, covered the song in late May. He released it as his own on June 9, 2009. Lambert's version was going to be featured on his first studio album, but it was replaced by his soon to be released single "Time for Miracles".

Purdue University

Purdue University, in West Lafayette, Indiana, U.S., is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University System. Purdue was founded on May 6, 1869, as a land-grant university, accepted a donation of land and money from Lafayette businessman John Purdue to establish a college of science, technology, and agriculture in his name. The first classes were held on September 16, 1874, with three buildings, six instructors, and 39 students. Today, Purdue enrolls the second largest student body of any university in Indiana as well as the second largest international student population of any public university in the United States. 

Purdue offers both undergraduate and graduate programs in over 210 major areas of study. Purdue has produced multiple Nobel Prize winners, CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, and NFL Super Bowl MVPs. The university has been highly influential in America's history of aviation, and Purdue's aviation technology and aeronautical engineering programs remain among the highest rated and most competitive in the world. In the mid-20th century, Purdue's aviation program expanded to encompass advanced spaceflight technology giving rise to Purdue's nickname, "Cradle of Astronauts". 

Purdue's tenured faculty comprises sixty Academic Deans, Associate Deans, and Assistant Deans; 63 Academic Department Heads; 753 Professors; 547 Associate Professors and 447 Assistant Professors. Purdue employs 892 non-tenure-track faculty, Lecturers, and Postdoctorals at its West Lafayette campus. Purdue employs another 691 tenured and 1,021 Non-Tenure Track Faculty, Lecturers, and Postdoctorals at its Regional Campuses and Statewide Technology.

Purdue University generated a record $333.4 million in sponsored research funding during the 2007–08 fiscal year with participation from National Science Foundation, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the U.S. departments of Agriculture, Defense, Energy, and Health and Human Services.


Whataya Want from Me

Whataya Want from Me is the 2nd single released off the album "For Your Entertainment" by Season 8 runner-up of American Idol "Adam Lambert". The song was written by Pink, Max Martin, and Shellback and was recorded by Pink for her fifth studio album, Funhouse, but did not make it to the final cut. It was produced by Max Martin and Shellback, who have collaborated with Pink, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, and fellow Idols Kelly Clarkson, Daughtry, Allison Iraheta and Carrie Underwood. The song received a Grammy nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. 

The track was originally recorded and co-written by Pink for the album Funhouse but did not make the final cut. On November 18, 2009, Lambert announced via his official website that his second single from his debut album would be "Whataya Want from Me". The song was the second single announced before the CD was officially available to the public. The song became available as a legal download in the United States on November 20, 2009 when his CD was officially released. The song was also included on Now That's What I Call Music! #34 and was covered in the Kidz Bop series.
In 2010, it was announced that Pink's recording on the song will appear on her first greatest hits compilation, Greatest Hits... So Far!!!.

The music video for "Whataya Want from Me" was directed by Diane Martel and shot on December 20, 2009. It premiered on January 15, 2010, on VH1. The video features Lambert becoming frustrated with the very intrusive camera man. There are also performance clips throughout the video of Lambert performing with his band. One scene in the video features Lambert making his way through a crowd of paparazzi and fans into a car. At the beginning of the song, Adam switches the TV off, and then begins singing "slow it down, whataya want from me," leading one interpretation to be that what he was watching was actually the AMAs.

"Whataya Want from Me" debuted at number 72 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 on the week of January 2, 2010.[34][35] Following his appearance as a mentor on American Idol (season 9), the song reached #10, becoming Lambert's second Top 20 single (the first being his cover of "Mad World", which peaked at #19) and first Top 10 single on the Billboard Hot 100. 

The song was originally written and recorded for pop artist Pink. The song was supposed to be featured on the album "Funhouse" in 2008, however never made it to its final cut. Lambert was offered the song to be a single and later ended up being featured as the 2nd track on his album "For Your Entertainment".

The Fonzerelli's Electro House Club released their remixed version of the song "Whataya Want from Me" on November 27th, 2009 and was released for radio mainstream on January 5th, 2010. 

Brad Walsh previously remixed Lambert's "For Your Entertainment" and "Time For Miracles". On November 27th, 2009, Walsh's remix of the song hit mainstream and was released for digital download on iTunes Store. The remixed version of the song by Brad was cut down in a shortened version for radio mainstream.

On November 27th, 2009, American DJ, producer and remixer Jason Nevins released his remixed version of the song "Whataya Want from Me" on iTunes Store.

If I Had You (Adam Lambert song)

If I Had You (styled as If I Had U) is "Adam Lambert's" 3rd official mainstream single released of his debut album, "For Your Entertaintment". The song was written by Max Martin, Shellback, and Savan Kotecha for Lambert's debut album, For Your Entertainment. It was released as the third single on May 5, 2010.

James Montgomery from MTV describes the video as having "a clearing in the forest, one packed with party people — of all races, colors, creeds and proclivities, naturally — who are all in the midst of a totally excellent celebration. (Most of said party people are actually Lambert's friends, from his days performing with L.A.'s "Zodiac Show.")" Montgomery states the message of the video is "Humanity can, in fact, put their differences aside and just dance."

The video premiered June 14, 2010 on VH1 and "takes the late-night wilderness party motif of Jennifer Lopez's classic "Waiting for Tonight" clip and adds more lasers, guyliner, thrashy dance moves, silver top hats and outrageously spiky shoulder pads." Bryan Barber directed the video, which was inspired by Lambert's self-proclaimed "psychedelic" experience at Burning Man.

Remixes of the song include an instrumental remix and a radio edit. As well DJ's and producer's like Jason Nevins, Dangerous Muse, and Morgan Page.

Capri pants

Capri pants are a type of pants. They are shorter than normal pants; they end between the knee and lower leg. 

They were first made in 1948 by Sonja de Lennart, a clothes designer from Prussia. They were popular in the 1950s and 1960s, but went out of style until the 2000s, when they became popular again.

Some pants have a zipper at the knee, allowing them to be converted into shorts. This design allows people to change between shorts and pants in variable weather conditions.

Fever (Adam Lambert song)

Fever is a song by international pop singer/songwriter Lady Gaga. The song, however, was given to Adam Lambert to be released off the album "For Your Entertainment" for mainstream radio in New Zealand. The song hit #3 on the New Zealand Pop chart in September 2010. The song was released by Lambert on August 3rd, 2010.

Sleepwalker (song)

"Sleepwalker" is a song by Adam Lambert released off his debut album "For Your Entertainment". The song was written by frontman of OneRepublic, Ryan Tedder, as well as Aimee Mayo, and Chris Lindsey. It was produced by Tedder and was released in Canada and New Zealand for radio mainstream on June 15, 2010. 

Time for Miracles

Time for Miracles is a song written and composed by Alain Johannes and Natasha Schneider and produced by Rob Cavallo. "Adam Lambert" is the singer for the song and was released as a single off the album "For Your Entertainment". It was also released as a promotional single for the 2009 action-thriller movie "2012". The single was released on October 18th, 2009 for promotional release and on November 3rd, 2009 for radio mainstream. 

Before "Time for Miracles" was released to the public, it had already garnered positive reviews.
Brian May of Queen was able to listen to the full track and praised the song as "truly sensational" and complimented Lambert's vocals, stating, "Adam's voice reaches out with sensitivity, depth, maturity, and awesome range and power that will make jaws drop all around the world."

On the chart week ending November 7, 2009, "Time for Miracles" debuted at #50 on the Billboard Hot 100. In the United States, the song has sold 124,000 legal digital downloads.

2010–11 Philippine floods

In December 2010, strong rains in some places in the central part of Visayas and the eastern section of Luzon and Mindanao caused floods in the Philippines. By January 12, 2011, the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council counted those affected at 235,867 families or 1,230,022 people in 1,267 villages in 137 towns and 10 cities in 23 provinces.

The causes of flood were blamed on a stationary front or called tail-end of a cold front and wind convergence. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration said that the cold front would pass through Eastern Visayas and Central Visayas.

The first reports of flooding were at the Bicol Region provinces of Albay and Sorsogon. In late December, Albay governor Joey Salceda had placed his province under a state of emergency after the rains caused the deaths of two people and the displacement of 4,000. He also said residents in affected areas should evacuate. Fears of lahar flows from the recently active Mayon Volcano had been dismissed. In adjacent Sorsogon, 170 families had already been evacuated.

At the start of the new year, the cold front moved to the central part of the Philippines, stretching a rain band from Southern Leyte to Misamis Oriental. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration forecast more rain until January 6 in these areas. At least five deaths had been confirmed: three children died after being buried by a landslide in Saint Bernard, Southern Leyte, while two others drowned in the same province. The town and five other municipalities in the province had also been without power. Several towns in Eastern Samar and Northern Samar also reported flooding. Minor landslides were reported in Hinabangan, Samar and Tacloban. In Cebu City, a flight going to Siargao had been canceled, and landslides had also been reported.

More than 2,000 people were displaced in the Caraga due to the rains. A landslide killed a person in Monkayo, Compostela Valley, while three girls were reported missing in the area.

On January 6, the cold front that affected Caraga and Eastern Visayas moved to Bicol and brought more rains. This caused the evacuation of 8,200 people in the region.

By January 6, Butuan, Agusan del Sur towns of Bunawan and San Francisco, and Surigao del Sur were placed under state of calamity as additional seven deaths were recorded. Flood damage to government infrastructure in Caraga was 141 million Philippine pesos (US$3.2 million).

More than 80% of the evacuees in Albay were sent home after conditions improved on January 7. Classes that were suspended on January 6 reopened the next day except for schools that were used as evacuation centers. Meanwhile, the floods went down in Davao del Norte and Compostela Valley, but destroyed the crops of some 2,100 farmers. The National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council counted the damage to agriculture and infrastructure nationwide at 183 million pesos (US$4.1 million).

By January 23, 2010 the death toll from the floods had risen to 68 with 26 others still missing. Another causes of flooding was the Wind Convergence.On January 26 heavy rain bought by the northeast monsoon fall on Cebu.

Salceda urged PAGASA to assign names to weather systems that are not storms that cause disruptions. Secretary of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) Rogelio Singson also said in a DWIZ interview that PAGASA "should draw up a classification system, not just for typhoons but also for massive rainfall." PAGASA for their part had already installed automatic weather stations, and established a community-based early warning system.

The Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP), which had been in a decades-long insurgency, told its military arm the New People's Army to help in relief operations. The government and the CCP ended their ceasefire on January 3.

Ryan White (ice hockey)

Ryan White (born March 17, 1988) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey center who previously played for the Montreal Canadiens, Philadelphia Flyers, Arizona Coyotes and Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL).

White spent four seasons, from 2004–05 to 2007–08, in the Western Hockey League with the Calgary Hitmen. He was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the third round, 66th overall, in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Following his WHL career, White was assigned to the Canadiens' minor league affiliate, the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League (AHL), where he recorded 29 points in 80 games as a rookie in 2008–09.

White made his NHL debut in a call-up with the Montreal Canadiens on November 5, 2009 against the Boston Bruins, recording an assist. He was called up once again for a game against the Ottawa Senators the following month on December 8. White played the entirety of the first period before being pulled from the game after the NHL noticed he was playing, despite the Canadiens not having properly reported his call-up to the league before the 5 p.m. deadline.

Ken Wregget

Kenneth Wregget (born March 25, 1964) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He won the Stanley Cup in 1992 with the Pittsburgh Penguins.

He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Calgary Flames, and Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League from 1983 through 2000. He played one season for the Manitoba Moose of the International Hockey League in 2000–2001 before retiring at the age of 37.

Wregget played for three seasons with the Lethbridge Broncos of the Western Hockey League and won the Del Wilson Trophy as the WHL's top goaltender in 1984. In 1983, he joined the St. Catharines Saints, the Toronto AHL affiliate, after being drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the third round of the 1982 NHL Entry Draft, 45th overall. He split time for two seasons between St. Catharines and the Maple Leafs. The 1986–87 season was his first full year in the NHL.

In 1992, he was traded from the Philadelphia Flyers to the reigning champion Pittsburgh Penguins along with Kjell Samuelsson and Rick Tocchet in exchange for Mark Recchi. Wregget was generally backup to Penguins goaltender Tom Barrasso, although Wregget was regarded as a solid goaltender in his own right. There was frequent speculation that Wregget would take over as the starting goaltender.

Wregget's best season came in 1994–95 when he played in 38 games and compiled a 25–9-2 record with a 3.21 goals against average and a .903 save percentage while also leading the NHL in wins. He was also the goaltender who faced the first penalty shot ever awarded during an overtime period in NHL playoff history (1996). He stopped Washington Capitals star Joé Juneau, extending what was the third-longest game in NHL history, the longest game since 1936. The Penguins finally won 3–2 in the fourth overtime period.

In 2009, he was inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame.


Eau Claire, Wisconsin

Eau Claire is a city in west central Wisconsin just south of Chippewa Falls.
There is a campus of University of Wisconsin System. The Eau Claire river flows into the Chippewa river in this town. The city started as a lumber town and wood was transported over the river. The name is from the French "eau claire" (clear water).

Isles of Scilly

The Isles of Scilly form an archipelago off the southwestern tip of the Cornish peninsula of Great Britain.

The islands have had a unitary authority council since 1890, and are separate from the Cornwall unitary authority. Some services are combined with Cornwall and the islands are still part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall.

The islands are designated an 'Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty'. They have been dangerous for ships, and there are 530 known shipwrecks around the archipelago.

Scilly has been inhabited since the Neolithic. Its history has been one of subsistence living until the early 20th century (people lived from what they could get from the land or the sea). Farming and fishing continue today, but the main industry now is tourism.

It is likely that until relatively recent times the Isles were much larger with many of them joined into one island, named Ennor. Rising sea levels flooded the central plain around 400–500 AD, forming the current islands.

Evidence for the older large island includes:

Offshore, midway between Land's End and the Isles of Scilly, is the supposed location of the mythical lost land of Lyonesse, referred to in Arthurian literature.

Scilly has been identified as the place of exile of two heretical 4th century bishops, Instantius and Tiberianus, who were followers of Priscillian.

The Isles of Scilly form an archipelago of five populated islands and many other small rocky islets (around 140 in total) lying 45 km (28 mi) off Land's End. They are all composed of granite of early Permian age.

The position of the islands causes great contrasts. The warming effect of the sea means they rarely have frost or snow. This allows local farmers to grow flowers earlier than would grow on mainland Britain. The chief agricultural product is cut flowers, mostly daffodils.

Exposure to Atlantic winds means that spectacular winter gales lash the islands from time to time. This is reflected in the landscape. On Tresco, the lush sub-tropical Tresco Abbey Gardens shelter on the southern end of the island, but the low heather and bare rock get the wind on the exposed northern end.

Calluna

Calluna vulgaris (heather) is the sole species in the genus Calluna in the family Ericaceae.

It is a low-growing perennial shrub growing to tall, or rarely to . It is found widely in Europe and Asia Minor on acidic soils in open sunny situations and in moderate shade.

Heather is the dominant plant on most heaths and moorland in Europe, and in some bog vegetation and acidic pine and oak woodland. It is tolerant of grazing and regenerates following occasional burning. It is often managed in nature reserves and grouse moors by sheep or cattle grazing, and also by light burning.

The flowers emerge in late summer; in wild plants these are normally mauve, but white-flowered plants also occur occasionally.

Heather is an important food source for various sheep and deer which can graze the tips of the plants when snow covers low growing vegetation. Willow Grouse and Red Grouse feed on the young shoots and seeds of this plant. Both adults and larvae of the Heather Beetle "Lochmaea suturalis" feed on it, and can cause damage. The larvae of a number of Lepidoptera species also feed on the plant.

Heather honey is a highly valued product in moorland and heathland areas, with many beehives being moved there in late summer. It has a strong taste, and an unusual texture. It is thixotropic, being a jelly until stirred, when it becomes a syrup (like other honey), but then sets again to a jelly. This makes the extraction of the honey from the comb difficult, and it is therefore often sold as comb honey.

Heather is seen as iconic of Scotland, where the plant grows widely. When poems like "Bonnie Auld Scotland" speak of "fragrant hills of purple heather', when the hero of "Kidnapped" flees through the heather, when heather and Scotland are linked in the same sentence, the heather talked about is "Calluna vulgaris".

Piperales

Piperales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants. It necessarily includes the family Piperaceae but otherwise has been treated variously over time. Well-known plants which may be included in this order include black pepper, kava, lizard's tail, birthwort, and wild ginger.

Piperaceae

The Piperaceae, also known as the pepper family, is a large family of flowering plants. The group contains roughly 3,610 currently accepted species in five genera. The vast majority of peppers can be found within the two main genera: "Piper" (2000 species) and "Peperomia" (1600 species).

Carson Cistulli

Carson Cistulli is a poet and a journalist. He was born on December 23, 1979 in New Hampshire. He writes about himself and life. One important part of his life is baseball. Another important part of his life are books. He really likes the French poet Arthur Rimbaud and the American philosopher Ralph Waldo Emerson. He is also a radio host.

Carson started writing when he was a child. He read a lot of poetry when he was away from home at a boarding school called Milton Academy. One of his favorite poets was Kenneth Koch. When he grew up he went to school at Columbia University in New York City, the school where Kenneth was a teacher. When talking to a newspaper Carson said that he was "delighted" to study with Kenneth. Carson said, "if you’re a musician and your favorite musician is Bob Dylan you can’t just show up at Bob Dylan’s house. You can’t just [meet and talk to] Bob Dylan. The poetry world is like that. [Sometimes you can meet and talk to famous poets.]"



Eastern wallaroo

The eastern wallaroo ("Macropus robustus") sometimes called the, common wallaroo, the red wallaroo, or just wallaroo lives on the sides of the Great Dividing Range. This runs for more than 3,000 km along the eastern and south-eastern coast of Australia. There are four subspecies of Eastern Wallaroo: 

Chrysler Town &amp; Country

Chrysler Town & Country was a family minivan made by Chrysler. It was first sold in 1990. This vehicle was a luxury variant for the Dodge Grand Caravan, the Volkswagen Routan and the Plymouth Grand Voyager. The design has been changed several times, until it was discontinued in 2016.

Marjoram

Marjoram ("Origanum majorana", Lamiaceae) is a somewhat cold-sensitive perennial herb or undershrub with sweet pine and citrus flavours. In some middle-eastern countries, marjoram is synonymous with oregano, and there the names sweet marjoram and knotted marjoram are used to distinguish it from other plants. 

Sidewise Award for Alternate History

The Sidewise Awards for Alternate History were established in 1995. These awards are for the best alternate history stories and novels of the year.

The awards are named after the 1934 short story "Sidewise in Time" by Murray Leinster. In the story, a strange storm makes parts of the Earth exchange places with similar places from other timelines.

Steven H Silver, Evelyn C. Leeper, and Robert B. Schmunk created the award. The number of judges has changed in different years. There have been three to eight judges, including judges in the UK and South Africa.

There are two Sideways awards. The Short-Form award is for writing that is shorter than 60,000 words. The Long-Form award may be for writing that is longer than 60,000 words. This can include a novel or a complete series of novels. The judges may also give a Special Achievement Award, but this is not required every year. Special Achievement awards are for writing that was published befor1995. The awards are given each year, usually at Worldcon.


Gardner Dozois

Gardner Raymond Dozois (July 23, 1947 – May 27, 2018) was an American science fiction writer and editor. He was editor of "Asimov's Science Fiction" magazine from 1984 to 2004. He won several Hugo and Nebula awards. He won as an editor and as a writer of short fiction.

Dozois was born on July 23, 1947 in Salem, Massachusetts. He was in the Army from 1966 to 1969 as a journalist. He then moved to New York City to work as a science fiction editor. Dozois said that one reason he started reading fiction was to escape from his isolated home town.

In 2004, Dozois was badly injured in a traffic accident while going home in a taxi from a Philadelphia Phillies game. He missed Worldcon for the first time in many years because of the accident. He did make a full recovery. On July 6, 2007, Dozois had a planned heart surgery. A week later, he experienced problems and had another operation to put in a defibrillator.

On May 27, 2018, Dozios died of multiple organ failure complicated by an infection at a hospital in Philadelphia at the age of 70.

Dozois mostly wrote short stories. He won the Nebula Award for best short story twice: once for "The Peacemaker" in 1983, and again for "Morning Child" in 1984. His short fiction has been collected in "The Visible Man" (1977), "Geodesic Dreams" (a best-of collection), "Slow Dancing through Time" (1990, with other authors), and "Strange Days" (2001, another best-of collection). He wrote fewer novels. He wrote one novel by himself, "Strangers" (1978). He wrote, "Nightmare Blue" (1977) with George Alec Effinger. Dozois also wrote "Hunter's Run" (2008) with George R. R. Martin and Daniel Abraham. After he became editor of "Asimov's", Dozois wrote less fiction. Later, he began writing more. His 2006 novelette "Counterfactual" won the Sidewise Award for best alternate-history short story. Dozois also agreed to write short fiction reviews for "Locus".

Dozois mainly worked as an editor. He won 15 Hugo Awards for Best Professional Editor, nearly every year between 1988 and his retirement from "Asimov's" in 2004. That is more than anyone else. He also worked in the 1970s with magazines such as "Galaxy Science Fiction", "If", "Worlds of Fantasy", and "Worlds of Tomorrow".

Dozois was well known for publishing books that collected many short stories. After leaving "Asimov's", he continued as the editor of the series "The Year's Best Science Fiction". This has been published each year since 1984. He also edited a long series of themed anthologies with Jack Dann. Each book has a title that explains the theme, such as "Cats", "Dinosaurs", "Seaserpents", or "Hackers".

Dozois always said he was especially interested in adventure science fiction and space opera. He calls these two sub-genre "center-core SF".

Michael Swanwick published a book-length interview with Dozois in 2001. The book was called "Being Gardner Dozois". It was about each published piece of fiction Dozois ever wrote. Swanwick had written some stories together with Dozois. In 2002, the interview was named as a possible Hugo Award for Best Related Book winner. It won the 2002 Locus Award for Non-Fiction.









Linear equation

In mathematics, a linear equation is a type of equation. A linear equation is the equation of a straight line. This type of equation is written in the form:

formula_1

or formula_2 also known as rise over run.

The m is the rate of change or slope. 

The slope is how fast the line moves up or down. Numbers farther from 0, or a larger absolute value will make the slope steeper. 

If m is a negative number, then the line will appear to fall or go down the page when read from left to right. 

If m is a positive number, then the line will appear to climb the page when read from left to right. 

While b is the y-intercept of the function. 

This is where the function crosses the y-axis of the coordinate plane. The first equation is called slope-intercept form because, in it, the slope (m) and y-intercept (b) are easily found. The second equation is called point-slope form because, in it, a point on the graph (x1, y1) and the slope (m) are easily found.

You can find the slope of a graph by seeing how much the y-value increases by for every one x-value. You can find the y-intercept of a graph by looking at where the x coordinate equals 0, and see what the y-value equals.

Matt Duchene

Matt Duchene (born January 16, 1991 in Haliburton, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Ottawa Senators, Colorado Avalanche, and Columbus Blue Jackets. He was picked by the Avalanche with the third overall pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He played in the OHL with the Brampton Battalion.



2081 (movie)

2081 is a science fiction short film set in 2081. It was shown for the first time at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 29, 2009. Chandler Tuttle wrote and directed the film. It is based on the short story "Harrison Bergeron" by author Kurt Vonnegut. There are few actors in the film. The Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra performed thesoundtrack written by Lee Brooks.

IMDb ranks the movie in the top 10 Most Popular Short movies. 

"2081" shows a dystopian future in America. Amendments to the Constitution give great power to a member of government called the United States Handicapper General (HG). The HG's job is to make sure everyone is equal in every way. In this satire that means putting weights on strong people and making beautiful people look ugly. 


"2081" was produced for $100,000. It was produced in 2009.

"2081" was first shown at the Seattle International Film Festival in May 2009. The film was released on DVD on January 25, 2010.

As of January 2011, RottenTomatoes.com lists no professional reviews of "2081" and a 84% user rating. The IMDB user community gave the movie a weighted average rating of 6.9 / 10.

Reviewer Robert Ring described the film as "An amazing twenty-six minutes..." and that each scene adds to the one before. He said that some people would call the film an Orwellian warning. But he thinks it is better to call it a story about how important it is to be an independent person, even if that means life is terrible. He wrote, "This is a great film." 

Revolution Science Fiction magazine called the movie "stirring and dramatic". They added that the short movie moves quickly to the main point of the story and is a good version of the story.

The movie blog Filmonic compares the film to "Children of Men".


Crystal Gayle

Crystal Gayle (born Brenda Gail Webb, January 9, 1951 in Paintsville, Kentucky) is an American country singer. She had twenty one country hits in the 1970s and 1980s. She is the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn. Crystal Gayle has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, near Loretta Lynn's star. She is well known for her long hair.


Joannie Rochette

Joannie Rochette (born January 13, 1986 in Montreal, Quebec) is a French-Canadian figure skater and six time Canadian champion who is known for her powerful, dynamic and musical skating abilities that she has gained through years of experience. According to Postmedia Network Inc. newspaper Rochette has been able to succeed in her skating career while maintaining a healthy diet, exercising, always being hydrated and training hard as she is serious about being healthy under duress.

Postmedia Network Inc.newspaper claims that she emotionally captured her audiences attention during the 2010 Winter Olympics performance right after her mother died while arriving in Vancouver. Postmedia network newspaper quoted her stating that she was "not prepared either emotionally or physically" to compete in the World Championships. However, regardless of her emotional state, Rochette decided to courageously step out into the skating rink and complete her final performance making her mother proud. Rochette won a bronze medal in the 2010 Winter Olympics for her performance that year.

Rochette was born in Montreal, Quebec on January 13, 1986, she was the only child of Thérèse  and Normand Rochette
. Joannie's father, Normand, trained young hockey players and he was the first to introduce Joannie to figure skating at a very young age of twenty-two months 
. Growing up in île Dupas, Quebec, Joannie seriously began taking skating lessons when she was only six years of age. Joannie's interests other than skating growing up were yoga, trampoline, ballet, reading, dancing and music. One of Rochette's tragic moments was on February 21, 2010, two days before the ladies' figure skating contest at the Winter Olympics in Vancouver, her mother, Thérèse Rochette, died of a heart attack at Vancouver General Hospital after coming to see her in the contest. However, even after this sudden death, Rochette stayed in the contest and skated in her mother's honour. At her mother's funeral, she placed her Olympic bronze medal on the casket for some time.

When asked in the National Post newspaper if her mother showed any symptoms of heart disease before her death Rochette stated " My grandfather had heart disease and he was not quite active, he was a heavy smoker and didn’t live a very healthy lifestyle". Rochette is currently participating in many events to create awareness about heart disease and the ways in which individuals can live an active lifestyle to prevent these types of diseases.

Joannie Rochette started skating at a young age and made her first appearance in Canadian skating between the year of 2000 and 2001 where she was announced winner of the Novice and Junior titles back to back 
. Rochette continued with the following year winning a bronze metal in her Senior debut 
. Rochette has also received several awards and medals such as the ISU Grand Prix Circuit and has earned the Grand Prix Final three times in a row 
. In 2006, Rochette's long dream of taking part in the Olympic Games in Turin, Italy came true. Rochette was placed in fifth place among several of other competitors.

Before becoming a Canadian Champion, Rochette won second place at the 2003 Canadian Championships which led her to the World Championships
. She returned every year since then and was placed in the top ten five times. In 2006, Rochette decided to participate in the Stars On Ice tour and describes her experience as a good way to skate outside of a competing environment
. Rochette continued to skate in 2008 and was able to win both the Skate Canada and the Trophée Eric Bompard with her performances. Before competing in the 2010 Olympics competition, Rochette participated in the 2009 Canadian Champion and won her fifth national title, this successful event led her to compete in the 2010 Olympics competition.

In 2010, Rochette's dream came true when she turned twenty-four as she performed in front of thousands at the 2010 Winter Olympics. This was a significant accomplishment as she displayed strength and courage while performing after having gone through a tragic moment of her mother's death. The Global News newspaper quoted Rochette saying "If I was going to compete, might as well do it well, and I knew that's what my mom would have wanted me to do". Rochette was able to complete an outstanding performance and received a bronze medal. After her 2010 Winder Olympics performance, Rochette received several awards such as Canada's flag bearer for the closing ceremonies and the named co-recipient of the Vancouver 2010 Terry fox award.

Since the 2010 Winter Olympics, the National post newspaper asked Rochette what she has been doing in the time spent after her win at the Olympics, Rochette stated that she has been skating in a less competitive environment where she can concentrate on her own abilities and perform in her personal way. She also claimed that she is with Stars on Ice doing shows in the U.S, Canada and Japan. Rochette also stated that she has been doing some minor independent shows and sometimes does conferences. 
Rochette is presently a spokesperson for the "iheartmom" campaign at the University of Ottawa Heart Institute, which tries to prevent heart disease in women.


Duval County, Florida

Duval County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on August 12, 1822. As of 2020, 995,567 people lived there. Duval County's seat is Jacksonville.


Brevard County, Florida

Brevard County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on March 14, 1844. In 2020, 606,612 people lived there. Brevard County's seat is Titusville.


Collier County, Florida

Collier County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on May 8, 1923. As of 2020, 375,752 people lived there. Collier County's seat is Naples.


Highland Boundary Fault

The Highland Boundary Fault is a geological fault that crosses Scotland diagonally from Arran and Helensburgh on the west coast to Stonehaven in the east. It separates two distinctly different regions: the Highlands from the Lowlands.

The geological history of Scotland can be understood as the result of two great tectonic events. The first was the formation of the global super-continent Pangaea, the second was the break-up of Pangaea to form the continents we know today.

The fault is the middle of three great faults which run from the south-west to the north-east across Scotland. In the north there is the Great Glen Fault, and in the south the Southern Uplands Fault. Further south, just over the border with England, is the Iapetus Suture, where the palaeo-Iapetus Ocean closed. These four major geological signs mark the ancient history of Scotland.

The Highland Boundary Fault was active during the Caledonian orogeny. This was a plate tectonic collision which took place from Mid Ordovician to Mid Devonian periods (520 to 400 million years ago), during the closure of the Iapetus Ocean.

The fault allowed the Midland Valley to descend as a major rift by up to 4000 metres and there was subsequently vertical movement. This movement was later replaced by a horizontal shear. A complementary fault, the Southern Uplands Fault, forms the southern boundary for the Central Lowlands.

Columbia County, Florida

Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on February 4, 1832. As of 2020, 69,698 people lived there. Columbia County's seat is Lake City.


Glades County, Florida

Glades County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on February 4, 1832. As of 2020, 12,126 people lived there. Glades County's seat is Moore Haven.


Hendry County, Florida

Hendry County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on February 4, 1832. As of 2020, 39,619 people lived there. Hendry County's seat is La Belle.


Lake County, Florida

Lake County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on May 27, 1887. As of 2020, 383,956 people lived there. Lake County's seat is Tavares.


San Fernando, Chile

San Fernando (in ) is the capital of the province of Colchagua, in the central zone (central part) of Chile. San Fernando is the second most populated urban center of the Region of O'Higgins. It is located near to the Tinguiririca River, in the valley of Colchagua, San Fernando is 1,112 feet (339 m) above the level of the se. San Fernando was founded in 1742, and became the provincial capital in 1840.

According to the census of 2002, by the National Statistics Institute, San Fernando covers an area of 2,441.3 square kilometers, and has 63,732 inhabitants (31,157 men and 32,575 women).



Leon County, Florida

Leon County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 29, 1824. As of 2020, 292,198 people lived there. Leon County's seat is Tallahassee.


Liberty County, Florida

Liberty County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 29, 1824. As of 2020, 7,974 people lived there. Liberty County's seat is Bristol.


2011 Egyptian revolution

In the 2011 Egyptian revolution, many demonstrations and riots were held in Egypt. It is also called The Day of Anger and The Day of Revolt. It started on January 25, 2011.

Before the demonstrations began, there was an uprising in Tunisia. In the weeks after that, demonstrations and riots began in Egypt. The people who started these protests hoped that people would be encouraged to mobilize (or start working together to protest) because of the Tunisian uprising. Protests happened in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Ismailiya.

On the first day of the protests, the Egyptian government censored most of the media (like newspapers and news stations) inside Egypt. The government also tried to block most social media websites, which the protesters had used to spread news about the events. On January 28, an Internet and cell phone "blackout" began across Egypt. However, before dawn the next morning, the blackout for cell phones was ended.

By January 29, about 1,000 people had been arrested. Also, at least 1,030 protestors had been hurt, and at least 53 deaths had been reported.

People demonstrated and protested about many different things. Some of these things were police brutality, state of emergency laws, not having free elections, corruption, limits on freedom of speech, high unemployment, low minimum wages, not having enough housing, food price inflation, and poor living conditions.

Mohamed ElBaradei said that one of the revolution's goals could be to force Hosni Mubarak to quit. ElBaradei was seen as someone who would probably be a leader in a new government.

Before 2011, protests were common, but they were always local; they did not spread to different parts of the country. However, on January 25, 2011, major protests and riots broke out all over the country. January 25 became the "Day of Anger". Egyptian opposition groups (groups working for change) and other activists had picked this date for a major demonstration. The 2011 protests have been called "unprecedented" for Egypt. Nothing like the protests had ever happened before. The protests have also been called "the largest display of popular dissatisfaction in recent memory". These were the largest demonstrations seen in Egypt since the 1977 Egyptian Bread Riots. For the first time, Egyptians from different social backgrounds, economic backgrounds, and faiths joined together to protest.

During the protests, the capitol city of Cairo was described as "a war zone". In the port city of Suez, there were many violent clashes. The Egyptian government used different methods to try to break up and limit protests. Anti-riot police groups used shields, rubber bullets, batons, water cannons, and tear gas. At times, they also used live ammunition. Most of the police response to the protests was non-lethal. However, some people were killed. The government turned off internet access and set a curfew. The government argued that they needed to make sure there was as little disruption from the protests as possible. They said this was needed to keep order and to keep Islamic fundamentalist groups from rising up.

Many people across the world became interested in the protests in Egypt. This was partly because of things like Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube. Activists, and people interested in the protests, were able to use social media platforms. They used these platforms to talk to each other, work together, and keep records of what was happening. As the protests got more publicity, the Egyptian government tried harder to limit people's access to the Internet, especially social media.

On February 11, 2011, Mubarak resigned from the presidency. On 24 May, he was ordered to stand trial on charges of premeditated murder of peaceful protesters. He was acquitted.




Scottish Highlands

The Scottish Highlands is a historic region of Scotland. It is the area to the north of the Highland Boundary Fault. The fault separates the hard igneous and metamorphic rocks to the north from the softer sedimentary rocks of the Scottish Lowlands in the south. 

The Highlands are divided in two parts. The Great Glen divides the Grampian Mountains to the southeast from the Northwest Highlands.

The area is generally sparsely populated, with many mountain ranges, and includes the highest mountain in the British Isles, Ben Nevis. 

Before the 19th century the Highlands was home to a larger population but, for several reasons, the area is now one of the most sparsely populated in Europe. The average population density in the Highlands and Islands is lower than that of Sweden, Norway, Papua New Guinea and Argentina.

The reasons for the low population include the harsh nature of the land. Also, the outlawing of the traditional Highland way of life after the Jacobite Rising of 1745, the infamous Highland Clearances, and mass migration to urban areas during the Industrial Revolution all had their effects.

People from this region are traditionally called highlanders.

Like the Scottish islands, the Highlands are a stronghold of Protestant churches. There is the Kirk (the national Presbyterian Church of Scotland), but the Wee Frees (Free Church of Scotland, several versions) are the typical religion of the Highlands and Islands. Old-style observance of the Sabbath is typical of these areas.

Dick Scobee

Francis Richard "Dick" Scobee (May 19, 1939 - January 28, 1986) was an American astronaut. He was flying as the commander of Space Shuttle "Challenger" when the shuttle exploded. In the explosion, Scobee and six other astronauts were killed. 

Scobee was selected for NASA's astronaut program in January 1978 and he completed his training in August 1979. In April 1984, Scobee piloted the "Challenger" mission STS-41-C, which successfully deployed one satellite and repaired another. 

He was elevated to the role of spacecraft commander for the STS-51-L mission ("Challenger" mission). The mission was designed to deploy a satellite to study the approaching Halley's Comet and to inaugurate the Teacher in Space Project. It was delayed several times due to bad weather and technical glitches. When they did the mission, an O-ring seal failure destroyed the shuttle 73 seconds into the flight, killing Scobee and the other six members of the crew; the tragedy was viewed live on national television and prompted several days of national mourning.

Scobee is survived by his wife Virginia June Kent, and two children, Kathie R. (Scobee) Fulgham and Lieutenant General Richard W. Scobee, USAF.


Bay laurel

The bay laurel ("Laurus nobilis", of the Lauraceae family) is also known as sweet bay, bay tree, true laurel, Grecian laurel, laurel lree, or simply laurel.

It is an aromatic evergreen tree or large shrub with green, glossy leaves. It is native to the Mediterranean region. Bay leaves used in cooking come from the bay laurel.

Scottish Lowlands

The Scottish Lowlands is the part of Scotland not referred to as the Highlands.

That is everywhere south and east of the Highland Boundary Fault, between Stonehaven and Helensburgh (on the Firth of Clyde). 

Geographically, Scotland Lowlands are divided into two distinct areas: the Central Lowlands, and the Southern Uplands. 

The southernmost counties of Scotland, nearest the border with England, are also known as the Borders. 

The Central Lowlands or Midland Valley is a geologically defined area of relatively low-lying land in southern Scotland. It consists of a rift valley between the Highland Boundary Fault to the north and the Southern Uplands Fault to the south. The Central Lowlands are one of the three main geographical sub-divisions of Scotland, the other two being the Highlands and Islands which lie to the north and west and the Southern Uplands, which lie south of the second fault line.

The Midland Valley has fertile low-lying agricultural land and significant deposits of valuable coal and iron have led to the Central Lowlands being much more densely populated than the rest of Scotland. 

The major cities of Glasgow, Edinburgh, Stirling and Dundee all lie in the Central Lowlands, and over half of Scotland's population lives in this region.

The Southern Uplands is the least populated of mainland Scotland's three major geographic areas. They lie south of the Southern Uplands Fault line that runs from Ballantrae on the Ayrshire coast northeastwards to Dunbar in East Lothian on the North Sea coast, a distance of some . The term is used both to describe the geographical region and to collectively denote the various ranges of hills within this region.

The Southern Uplands Fault in Scotland is a fault that runs from Girvan (or more specifically from the Rhins of Galloway) to Dunbar on the East coast. It marks the southern boundary of the Scottish Midland Valley.

Grampian Mountains

The Grampian Mountains or Grampians are one of the three major mountain ranges in Scotland, occupying a considerable portion of the Scottish Highlands in northeast Scotland. They occupy almost half the land-area of Scotland.

The Grampians extend southwest to northeast between the Highland Boundary Fault (south) and the Great Glen (north). This includes the Cairngorms and the Lochaber hills. The range includes Ben Nevis (the highest point in the British Isles at 1,344 metres above sea level) and Ben Macdui (the second highest at 1,309 metres).

The mountains are composed of granite, and metamorphic rocks such as gneiss, marble, schists and quartzite. The other major mountain ranges in Scotland are the Northwest Highlands and the Southern Uplands.

Northwest Highlands

The Northwest Highlands are the northern third of Scotland, which is separated from the Grampian Mountains by the Great Glen. The Caledonian Canal, which extends from Loch Linnhe in the west, via Loch Ness to the Moray Firth in the north splits this area from the rest of the country. 

The Highlands are formed on Lewisian gneiss, the oldest layers of rock in Scotland. There are impressive rock islands of dark red or gray Torridonian sandstone which stick up out of the gneiss. Some of the peaks, such as Beinn Eighe and Canisp, are topped with light gray or white Cambrian quartzite.

The city of Inverness, known as the "Capital of the Highlands", is by far the largest settlement in the region. It is the administrative centre for the Highland Council area.

This area's climate varies with altitude. It has wet, warm summers, average under 17C (62.6F). The winters are mild at low altitude but become snowier and colder with higher elevation. 

Mountains may have up to 6 months of snow. Naturally the area would be a vast birch, pine and montane shrub forest, such as those surviving in Glen Affric. Snow may lie from more than a month to 105 days, but not at coastal or very low altitudes.

The region has steep, glacier-carved mountains, valleys and interspersed plains. Many islands (which also vary widely) lie off the coast. 

Elevations of around 800 metres or over are common, as are mountains exceeding 1000 metres. 

The Northwest Highlands are typically not quite as cold as the Cairngorms. Considering its terrain and its latitude of about 57 to 58 degrees North, the area is surprisingly warm: this is due to the mild influence of the Gulf Stream. The aurora borealis is sometimes visible on winter nights, weather permitting, especially at the climax of the 11 year cycle.

Bordering the region to the north east is the lowland area of Caithness.

The region has a very low population density. Significant settlements are Kyle of Lochalsh, Mallaig, Dingwall, Dornoch, and Ullapool.

Geologically, the Northwest Highlands includes the Hebrides, especially Lewis and Harris.

The main outcrops of the Lewisian complex are on the islands of the Outer Hebrides, including Lewis, from which the complex takes its name. It is also exposed on several islands of the Inner Hebrides, small islands north of the Scottish mainland and forms a coastal strip on the mainland. 

The Lewisian complex or Lewisian Gneiss is a suite of Precambrian metamorphic rocks that outcrop in the northwestern part of Scotland, forming part of the Hebridean Terrane. These rocks are of Archaean and Paleoproterozoic age, ranging from 3.0–1.7 billion years ago. 

They form the basement on which later sediments were deposited. The Lewisian consists mainly of granitic gneisses. Rocks of the Lewisian complex were caught up in the Caledonian orogeny, appearing in the hanging walls of many of the thrust faults formed during the late stages of this tectonic event.

Its presence at the seabed and beneath Palaeozoic and Mesozoic strata west of Shetland has been confirmed by shallow boreholes and hydrocarbon exploration wells. 

Basement rocks of similar type are found at the base of the Moine Supergroup, sometimes with well-preserved unconformable contacts. These form part of the Lewisian, so the Lewisian complex extends at least as far southeast as the Great Glen Fault.

The Highlands are formed from the remains of the old Caledonian mountain range in northern Europe, the Caledonian orogeny. This included what is now Scandinavia (Norway, Sweden), Scotland, Wales, Normandy and Brittany in France. 

Exposé (group)

Exposé is an American pop-rock group. The group was formed in 1984. Members of the group included Ann Curless, Jeanette Jurado and Gioia Bruno. They had success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Exposé are the first music group to have four top 10 hit songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The group have had over 25 million records worldwide.


Caper

The caper ("Capparis spinosa"), is a perennial winter-deciduous species that bears rounded, fleshy leaves and big white to pinkish-white flowers. A caper is also the pickled bud of this plant. Caper bush is present in almost all the countries and is included in the floristic composition of most of them but whether it is indigenous to this region is uncertain. Although the flora of the Mediterranean region has considerable endemism, the caper bush could have originated in the tropics, and later been naturalized to the Mediterranean basin.

Titan stick insect

The Titan stick insect is one of the largest stick insects in Australia. The scientific name is Acrophylla titan. It has a brown body with spikes on its neck. The Titan stick insect can reach up to in length. It takes the form of a stick as a disguise to predators.

The Titan stick insect can be found in two states of Australia; Queensland and New South Wales.

The Titan Stick insect reproduces through sexual reproduction and lay eggs that hatch.

Physique

Physique is the makeup (build, constitution, figure, form, shape) of a person's body. Constitution or body type refer to a number of classification systems used to empirically or theoretically classify the body shape of human individuals.


Saitama (city)

Saitama is the capital city of Saitama Prefecture in Japan. It is in the south-east of the prefecture. It includes the former cities of Urawa, Ōmiya, Yono and Iwatsuki. It is a city designated by government ordinance. It is about 15 - 30 kilometres north of central Tokyo, so many people commute from here into Tokyo. More people live in Saitama than any other prefecture in Saitama.

The city was founded on May 1, 2001, and was designated on April 1, 2003 as a government ordinance. 

On April 1, 2005, it merged with the city of Iwatsuki to its east, which became a new ward, Iwatsuki-ku.

The city is 20 to 30 km north of central Tokyo. This is the center of the Kantō Plain. The city is mostly below 20 meters above sea level. There are no mountains or hills in the city.

Saitama has ten wards ("ku"), which were assigned official colours as of April 2005:
Manufacturing includes automotive (Honda manufactures the Honda Legend here), food, optical, precision and pharmaceutical products. Iwatsuki is famous for manufacturing "hinamatsuri" dolls and ornate "kabuto" (samurai helmets).

Saitama is a regional transportation hub for both passengers and freight. Ōmiya Station is the biggest railway hub in the prefecture. The closest major airports are Haneda Airport and Narita International Airport, both about two hours away.





Omiya Law School

Saitama has two J. League football (soccer) teams: the Urawa Red Diamonds and Omiya Ardija.

The name "Saitama" originally comes from the Sakitama district of what is now the city of Gyōda in the northern part of what is now known as Saitama Prefecture. "Sakitama" has an ancient history and is mentioned in the famous 8th century poetry anthology Man'yōshū. The pronunciation has changed from Sakitama to Saitama over the years.

With the merger of Urawa, Ōmiya, and Yono it was decided that a new name, one fitting for this newly-created prefectural capital, was needed. The prefectural name "Saitama" was changed from kanji into hiragana, thus Saitama City was born. It is the only prefectural capital in Japan whose name is always written in hiragana, and belongs to the list of hiragana cities.

However, Saitama written in hiragana (さいたま市) actually finished in second place in public polling to Saitama written in kanji (埼玉市). Despite this, government officials decided to name the new city Saitama in hiragana, not kanji. In third place in the poll was Ōmiya (大宮市). In fourth was Saitama (彩玉市), written with an alternative kanji for "sai" (彩) which means "colorful". The "sai" (埼) used in the prefectural name is a rare form of a common character (崎) that means cape or promontory.

Saitama has six sister cities.




Eino Tamberg

Eino Tamberg (May 27 1930— December 24 2010) was a composer and musician from Estonia. He was famous for the variety of works he wrote including symphonies, concertos, operas and ballets. he was a student of the Tallinn Conservatory, where he later taught composition.

He was given many awards including:

These are some of the works written by Tamberg:

Marilu Henner

Mary Lucy Denise Henner (born April 6, 1952), better known as Marilu Henner, is an American actress, author and producer. She is best known for her role in the television sitcom "Taxi". Henner was born in Chicago.

Henner has been a contestant in two seasons of "The Celebrity Apprentice". She was married to actor Frederic Forrest.

Danny Woodhead

Danny Woodhead (born January 25, 1985 in North Platte, Nebraska) is an American football running back for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL). Woodhead made his NFL debut with the New York Jets in 2008 and was signed by the New England Patriots on September 18, 2010.


Andean condor

The Andean condor ("Vultur gryphus"), is a vulture-like bird species found in the Andes mountains and adjacent Pacific coasts of western South America. It is the largest flying land bird in the Western Hemisphere and the heaviest member of the order Accipitriformes. The condor is primarily a scavenger, feeding on carrion, and belongs to the New World vulture.

Although about 5 cm shorter (beak to tail) on average than the California condor, the Andean condor is undoubtedly larger in wingspan: 108-122 in (274–310 cm). It is also heavier: up to 24-33 lb (11–15 kg) for males and 16-24 lb (7.5–11 kg) for females. Overall length can range from 46 to 53 inches (117 to 135 cm). Measurements are usually taken from specimens reared in captivity.

Lost Horizon (novel)

Lost Horizon is a 1933 novel by English writer James Hilton. In this book, Hilton imagined a special place high in the mountains of Tibet. It was a utopian city where people could live to be hundreds of years old. This perfect place was called Shangri-La.

Hugh Conway is a member of the British diplomatic service. He finds inner peace, love, and a sense of purpose in Shangri-La. People there live a very long time. One theme of the book is the possibility of another world war and war preparations. This was actually happening at the time. The story is similar to travel stories in the Tibetan borderlands by Joseph Rock in the "National Geographic" magazine. The remote communities he visited, such as Muli are similar to Hilton's fictional Shangri-La. The Muli town of Zhongdian has its name to Shangri La (Chinese: Xianggelila).

The book describes how war on the ground would move into the air. Life and all special things could be lost, even history. Maybe Shangri-la would protect these important things for later when the world was tired of war. That was the real purpose of the city.

Conway survived the trench warfare of WWI. This strongly affected his emotions. He was exhausted and felt older than he really was. He is strongly attracted to life at Shangri-La because the monks understood him.

The origin of the eleven numbered chapters of the novel is explained in two opening and closing sections. The narrator is a neurologist.

This neurologist friend named Rutherford were eating dinner at Tempelhof, Berlin with their old school-friend Wyland. The topic of Hugh Conway comes up in conversation. He was a British consul in Afghanistan, who disappeared mysteriously. Rutherford tells the narrator later that evening that he met Conway in a French mission hospital in Chung-Kiang (probably Chongqing), China. Conway had amnesia, but recovered his memory. He told Rutherford his story, then disappeared again.

Rutherford wrote down Conway's story and gave it to the neurologist. That story became the main part of the novel.

In May, 1931, during the British Raj in India, 80 white residents were evacuated to Peshawar because of a revolution. Conway, the British consul, age 37; Mallinson, his young vice-consul; an American, Barnard; and a British missionary, Miss Brinklow are in an airplane. The plane is hijacked and flown over the mountains to Tibet. After a crash landing, the pilot dies. But, he told the four to get help at the nearby lamasery of Shangri-La. They do not know where they are, but Conway thinks they passed the Himalayas and are near the Kuen-Lun (i.e. Kunlun).

Chang lives at Shangri-La and speaks English. He takes the four to the lamasery. It has modern conveniences, like central heating; bathtubs from Akron, Ohio; a large library; a grand piano; a harpsichord; and food from the valley below. Above is Karakal, a mountain more than high. Karakal mean "Blue Moon".

Mallinson wants to hire help and leave, but Chang stops him politely. The others eventually decide they are happy to stay. Miss Brinklow will teach the people a sense of sin. Barnard wants to hide form the police and look for gold. Conway likes the quiet life of study.

Lo-Tsen is a Manchu woman at the lamasery. She seems very young. She does not speak English but plays the harpsichord. Mallinson falls in love with her. Conway does too.

Conway meets the High Lama. He learns that the lamasery was built by a Catholic monk named Perrault from Luxembourg in the early eighteenth century. The lamasery has since then been joined by others who have found their way into the valley. Once they enter the valley, they age slowly. If they leave the valley, they age quickly and die. Conway guesses that the High Lama is Perrault, now 300 years old. He is correct.

Later, the High Lama says that he is finally dying. He wants Conway to lead the lamasery. Meanwhile, Mallinson has arranged to leave the valley with Lo-Tsen and workers to carry their food and belongings. They are waiting for him outside the valley, but Mallinson cannot cross the dangerous route by himself. He convinces Conway to go along. This ends Rutherford's story.

The last time Rutherford saw Conway, it seemed he was preparing to return to Shangri-La. Rutherford tells the neurologist that he tried to follow Conway and check his stories of Shangri-La. He found the Chung-Kiang doctor who had treated Conway. The doctor said Conway had been brought in by a Chinese woman who was ill. She soon died. The doctor told Rutherford the woman was very old. Rutherford thought the old woman was Lo-Tsen. She had aged quickly after leaving Shangri-La.

The book was published in 1933. It only became popular after Hilton's next book, "Goodbye, Mr. Chips", was published in 1934. "Lost Horizon" then became a huge success. In 1939, it was published in paperback, as Pocket Book #1. Because of its number-one position in what became a very long list of pocket editions, "Lost Horizon" is often called the first American paperback book. This is not correct. The first pocket-sized, paperback book sold in many stores in America was Pearl Buck's "The Good Earth" by Pocket Books in 1938 as an experiment.

U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt named the Presidential hideaway in Maryland after Shangri-La. Now it is called Camp David. Roosevelt also lied to the public and said that the Doolittle Raid came from Shangri-La. This became the idea to name an aircraft carrier USS Shangri-La.

The book has been made into two movies:

The book was also made into the unsuccessful 1956 Broadway musical "Shangri-La".

Hilton's novel was adapted for BBC Radio 4 in three hour-long episodes under its Classic Serial banner. It was broadcast 20 September to 4 October 1981. Barry Campbell directed. Derek Jacobi played Hugh Conway.

The novel is important in the book "Deadeye Dick" by Kurt Vonnegut.


Black vulture

The black vulture ("Coragyps atratus"), also known as the American black vulture, is a bird in the New World vulture family.

Its range is from the southeastern United States to Central Chile and Uruguay in South America. It is a common and widespread species, but less so than the turkey vulture, which breeds well into Canada and south to Tierra del Fuego. Despite the similar name and appearance, this species is unrelated to the Eurasian black vulture.

Alabaster (disambiguation)

The term alabaster could mean:


Mark Dayton

Mark Dayton (born January 26, 1947) is an American politician. He was the 40th Governor of Minnesota from 2011 to 2019. He was the United States Senator from Minnesota 2001 to 2007. He is a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party. He ran for Governor in 1998, but lost the nomination to Skip Humphrey.

In January 2017, Dayton was diagnosed with prostate cancer.

Daryn Colledge

Daryn Colledge (born February 11, 1982 in Fairbanks, Alaska) is an American football guard.

Colledge won Super Bowl XLV in 2011 with the Packers.


Welcome to Paradise

Welcome to Paradise is a song by rock band Green Day. It first appeared on their second album "Kerplunk" in 1992. A new version appeared on the album "Dookie" in 1994.

The song is about young people moving out of their parents' home.

The song was written by Billie Joe Armstrong.

The music video shows Billie Joe (Green Day's singer) playing a West Oakland citizen who watches a dangerous notoriety caused by a group of thugs then he goes home to watch the citizens and what they do each day.

The "Kerplunk" version has a slower sound and the "Dookie" version is more fast-paced and also both versions have slightly different lyrics. The original version of the song from "Kerplunk" was not a single but the "Dookie" version was.

The album cover for "Dookie" in fact, shows a comedic depiction of chaos happening in West Oakland.

In the booklet for the "Dookie" album a cartoonish drawing in West Oakland is shown.

CP violation

CP Violation is the way that nature breaks the laws that say that when you change a system by C symmetry or P symmetry then some descriptions of the system should stay the same before and after the change. The 'violation' is that they don't stay the same and the amounts are not conserved. CP symmetry says that the laws of physics should act the same on a particle and on its antiparticle (Charge conjugation symmetry) and if it was also turned around like in a mirror (P symmetry.) 
The 1964 nobel prize was given to James Cronin and Val Fitch for finding CP violation in the way neutral kaons decay.

Parity

In physics, parity is a transformation in which the mirror image of a system (meaning experiment) is considered. If the system behaves in the mirror image as it normally would, it is said to respect parity symmetry, usually shortened to "P symmetry." Most types of physics respects P symmetry. One type of interaction that often does not respect this symmetry is the weak interaction.

Charge conjugation

Charge conjugation describes a type of symmetry of nature. To preform a charge conjugation, one would exchange all particles with their corresponding antiparticles. This action would create a physical system where everything would be the same except the electromagnetic charge would be reversed. For example, one could make an antihydrogen atom with an antiproton and an antielectron. This would result in an atom with a negatively charged nucleus orbited by a positively charged positron. The masses of the nucleus and the lepton orbiting the nucleus would remain unchanged. If the behavior of the system (such as the atom mentioned above) remains unchanged after charge conjugation, the system is said to be symmetric with respect to charge conjugation. This symmetry is also known as "C symmetry."

Another Love Song (Insane Clown Posse song)

"Another Love Song" is a 1999 midwest hip hop song by the American horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse. It is the first single from their fifth studio album "The Amazing Jeckel Brothers", which was released in 1999. The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark. The main music for "Another Love Song" comes from the 1996 single "Jack-Ass" from Beck.

Great Glen

The Great Glen is a series of glens in Scotland. It runs 100 kilometres from Inverness on the Moray Firth to Fort William at the head of Loch Linnhe.

The Great Glen follows a large geological fault known as the Great Glen Fault. It bisects the Scottish Highlands into the Grampian Mountains to the southeast and the Northwest Highlands to the northwest.

The Glen is a natural travelling route in the Highlands of Scotland. It is used by both the Caledonian Canal and the A82 road, which link the city of Inverness on the east coast with Fort William on the West. 

It was important in controlling the Highland Scottish clans, particularly in the Jacobite uprisings of the 18th century. This is recognised by the towns of Fort William (population ~10,000) in the south, Fort Augustus (popln. 600+) in the middle of the Glen, and Fort George (to this day an army barracks), just to the north of Inverness. These settlements were built by the British Army to control the Highlands in the 17th/18th centuries. 

Fort William is now a significant town. Despite the difficult terrain, Fort William has rail connection with Glasgow in the south and Mallaig on the north-west coast. It is a tourism centre. The Caledonian Canal connects it with Inverness.

Much of the Glen is taken up with a series of lochs, with rivers connecting them. The Caledonian Canal also uses the lochs as part of the route, but the rivers are not navigable. 

From northeast to southwest, the natural water features along the Great Glen are: 


The watershed, or water-divide, lies between Loch Oich and Loch Lochy. Loch Linnhe to the south of Fort William is a sea-loch into which both the River Lochy and Caledonian Canal emerge. At the north end, the River Ness empties into the Moray Firth.

The Great Glen Fault is a long strike-slip fault that runs through its namesake the Great Glen in Scotland. The fault is actually much longer, and over 400 million years old. It extends in both directions beyond mainland Scotland.

Aligned northeast to southwest, the Great Glen Fault extends further southwest in a straight line into northwestern Ireland, directly through Lough Foyle, Donegal Bay and Clew Bay. 

To the northeast the fault continues, before becoming obscured by the effects of Mesozoic rifting to the north of Shetland.

The fault continues on the North American side of the North Atlantic Ocean, but is no longer part of a continuous fault. The complete fault was broken when the Mid-Atlantic Ridge formed 200 million years ago. 

The North American side of the fault runs the length of northwestern Newfoundland, Canada, and on into the Gulf of St. Lawrence. It is at least 300 miles (480 km) long.

The Great Glen Fault has a long history of movements. It formed towards the end of the Caledonian orogeny (mountain building). It was caused by the collision of tectonic plates at the end of the Silurian period. The rifting continued into the early Devonian. The fault first happened about 430–390 million years ago. 

The second main phase of movement was during the Carboniferous. The exact timing is uncertain. Folds in Devonian rocks are cut by members of the Upper Carboniferous to Lower Permian dyke swarm. The Great Glen Fault had its final phase of movement during the Upper Cretaceous to early Tertiary. The displacement (of one side compared to the other) is about 64 miles (104 km).

Weathering along the fault zone during Quaternary glaciation formed the famous Loch Ness. 

The fault is mostly inactive today, but occasional moderate tremors have been recorded over the past 150 years.

Bizzar

Bizzar is the seventh studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It is the second half of the "Bizaar Bizzar" double album. It was released on the same day as "Bizaar". It was released on October 31, 2000. The producer of the album were Mike E. Clark. While on the Howard Stern show, ICP talked with Sharon Osbourne who bet $50, 000 they could not sell more than 200,000 copies, and that it would be subsequently dropped from its distributor. Violent J predicted that the group's next album would sell at least 500,000 units and they sold 400,000 units but Sharon never paid them. They left Island Records after "Bizaar" and "Bizzar" because their contract expired.

The Wraith: Shangri-La

The Wraith: Shangri-La is the eighth studio album by American horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on November 5, 2002. The producer of the album was Mike Puwal. The album was the sixth and final of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology. The album peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200 and peaked number 1 on the Top Independent Albums in both 2002 and 2003.

Hell's Pit

Hell's Pit is the ninth studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on August 31, 2004. The producer of the album was Mike Puwal. The album was the final of the "Joker Cards" chapter of the Dark Carnival mythology. The album peaked at number 12 on the Billboard 200, peaked number 1 on the Top Independent Albums and peaked at number 1 on the Top Internet Albums.

The Tempest (album)

The Tempest is the tenth studio album by American horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on March 20, 2007. The producer of the album was Mike E. Clark.

The album peaked at number 20 on the Billboard 200, peaked number 1 on the Top Independent Albums and peaked at number 20 on the Top Internet Albums.

Bang! Pow! Boom!

Bang! Boom! Pow! is the eleventh studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on September 1, 2009. The producer of the album was Mike E. Clark. The album is the first in a set of six new Joker's Cards since the conclusion of the original Joker's Cards. The music video for their song, "Miracles" became viral and was known for being parodied on Saturday Night Live which Insane Clown Posse called "A huge honor".

The album peaked at number 4 on the Billboard 200, peaked number 1 on the Top Independent Albums and peaked at number 3 on the Top Rap Albums.

The Mighty Death Pop!

The Mighty Death Pop! is the twelfth studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on August 14, 2012. The Mike E. Clark produced the album. The album is the second in a set of six Joker's Cards since the conclusion of the original Joker's Cards. The album features guest singers such as Hopsin and Tech N9ne on the song ""Skreem!"". They released their first single ""Chris Benoit"" from the album and it's about the professional wrestler Chris Benoit who died in a murder-suicide after he killed his wife and son.

Mike E. Clark

Michael Earl Clark (born December 25, 1962) is an American record producer and DJ. Mike E. Clark has worked with famous musicians and groups like Insane Clown Posse, Kid Rock and George Clinton. As of 2012 he had produced all twelve of the Insane Clown Posse's albums.


Miracles (Insane Clown Posse song)

"Miracles" is a 2010 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the first single from their eleventh studio album "Bang! Pow! Boom!", which was released in 2009. The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark. The song is also known becoming an internet meme.

The music video for the song became viral. It was parodied by Saturday Night Live, which Insane Clown Posse called "a huge honor".


Insane Clown Posse discography

This article presents the discography of the hip hop/horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse.

Beverly Kills 50187

Beverly Kills 50187 is the first EP by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on July 16, 1993. The producers of the EP were Mike E. Clark, Insane Clown Posse, Esham and Chris Conley. The EP featured the only appearance of member Greez-E, who appears on the songs "In the Haughhh!" and "17 Dead". The EP's name is a parody of Beverly Hills 90210.

Betaucourt

Betaucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in the east of France.

Betoncourt-lès-Brotte

Betoncourt-lès-Brotte is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in the east of France.

Bassigney

Bassigney is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in the east of France.

Rosids

The rosids are a large clade of flowering plants. It includes about 70,000 species, more than a quarter of all angiosperms. 

The rosids are divided into 17 orders. These orders together make up about 140 families. The rosids and the asterids are by far the largest clades in the eudicots.

Rosids are very basic flowering plants. Fossil rosids are known from the Cretaceous period. Molecular clock estimates indicate that the rosids originated in the Aptian or Albian stages of the Cretaceous, between 125 and 99.6 million years ago (mya).

Three different definitions of the rosids are in use. Some authors include the order Saxifragales in the rosids. Others exclude it.

Commelinales

Commelinales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants. It is considered that the Commelinales together with Zingiberales evolved in the Late Cretaceous around 80 millions of years ago. Two of the best-known genera in the order are "Commelina" and "Tradescantia". Commelinales is made of the families Commelinaceae, Haemodoraceae, Hanguanaceae, Phylidraceae, and Pondteriaceae. Another name for this plant order is the Haemodorales.

White Center, Washington

White Center is a place in King County, Washington, United States. It is near Seattle and Burien. It is connected to Burien and has been ever since April 1, 2010. There were 16,631 people living in White Center in 2020.

About 99.71% of White Center is land and 0.29% is water.

There are 7,542 homes in White Center. 35.6% have children that are under 18 living in the homes. Another 6.7% are seniors age 65 and older in a home by themselves.

White Center is a part of the Highline School District. Its schools cover most of southwestern King County. Elementary schools include Beverly Park Elementary, Mount View Elementary, Southern Heights Elementary, and White Center Heights Elementary. Secondary schools include Cascade Middle School, New Start High School, and Evergreen High School. Evergreen has three "small schools" on its campus, namely the Arts & Academic Academy, the Health, Science, & Human Services School, and the Technology, Engineering, & Communications Schools.



Toni Collette

Antonia "Toni" Collette (born 1 November 1972) is an Australian actress and singer. She was born in Blacktown, New South Wales, a suburb of Sydney.

Collette's acting career began during the early 1990s. She starred in several Australian movies, including: "Muriel's Wedding", "In Her Shoes", "Little Miss Sunshine" and "The Black Balloon". In 2013 she had a convincing starring role as an American mother in the Nat Faxon and Jim Rash Hollywood coming of age comedy "The Way, Way Back". She is the lead singer of rock band Toni Collette & the Finish.

King vulture

The king vulture ("Sarcoramphus papa"), is a large bird found in Central and South America. This vulture lives predominantly in tropical lowland forests stretching from southern Mexico to northern Argentina. It is the only surviving member of the genus Sarcoramphus, although fossil members are known.

Large and predominantly white, the king vulture has gray to black ruff, flight, and tail feathers. The head and neck are bald, with the skin color varying, including yellow, orange, blue, purple, and red. The king vulture has a very noticeable yellow fleshy caruncle on its beak.

Turkey vulture

The turkey vulture ("Cathartes aura"), is a bird found throughout most of the Americas. It is also known as the turkey buzzard (or just buzzard), and in some areas of the Caribbean as John crow or carrion crow. 

It is one of three species in the genus "Cathartes", ranging from southern Canada to the southernmost tip of South America. It lives in open and semi-open areas, including subtropical forests, shrublands, pastures, and deserts. 

The turkey vulture got its common name from the resemblance of the adult's bald red head and its dark plumage to that of the male wild turkey. The name "vulture" comes from the Latin word "vulturus", meaning "tearer", and is a reference to its feeding habits.

Ford Escape

The Ford Escape is a compact crossover SUV that is manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. It was introduced during 2000 as a 2001 model year SUV. The Ford Escape is also available in a hybrid version. The current Escape is actually a European based model that is sold in Europe as the Ford Kuga (not to be confused with the similar sounding Cougar)

Battle of Wuhan

The Battle of Wuhan was a Japanese attack on the Chinese city of Wuhan during the Second Sino-Japanese War. The battle started on February 1938 and ended on October 1938. The city of Wuhan had a military base with 1,100,000 Chinese soldiers. The Japanese, planned to encircle and invade Wuchang. In October, the Chinese army was able to retreat out of Wuhan.

Tatsu (roller coaster)

Tatsu ("Dragon") is a steel rollercoaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia, California, United States. It was opened (people could go on it) on May 13, 2006. It is one of the coasters considered to be Six Flags Magic Mountain's signature roller coaster. The roller coaster is located in the Samurai Summit section of the park. It is a flying type coaster, which means it is suspended below the track, with riders secured so that their backs are parallel to the track. The maximum speed of the ride is 62 mph and it also broke records with a 124-foot (38 m) pretzel loop. It is also the only flying type to feature a Zero-gravity roll.

Tatsu has been featured on three different shows:


Alaska Airlines

Alaska Airlines () is a large airline from the United States. They are headquartered in Seattle, Washington, where they have one of their five hubs. Alaska Airlines also has hubs in Anchorage, Alaska, Los Angeles, California and Portland, Oregon. The company was named the top "Traditional Carrier" in customer satisfaction for the third year in a row by J. D. Power and Associates. As of 2023, it goes to 117 cities and has 305 airplanes.

Alaska Airlines began in 1932 with the name "McGee Airways". McGee Airways was combined with several other airlines in 1934 and this created "Star Air Lines". The name was finally changed to "Alaska Airlines" on May 2, 1944. Starting in 1947, Alaska Airlines bought many new planes. In the 1950s, Alaska Airlines started flying many worldwide charter (irregular) flights. The government later said that Alaska Airlines could only fly in the state of Alaska. In 1961, Alaska Airlines started flying to the Continental United States. In the 1970s, Alaska Airlines started flying charters to the Soviet Union. In 1972, Alaska Airlines introduced its famous "Eskimo" logo which is still used today. In 1985, Alaska started flying to many new cities in the West Coast of the United States. In 1988, Alaska Airlines started its first flights to Mexico. In the 1990s, Alaska Airlines became the first to sell tickets on the internet, to have self-service check-in and to have GPS on its planes. On January 31, 2000, an Alaska Airlines plane crashed in the Pacific Ocean. That crash led to many changes at the airline over the following years. Alaska Airlines introduced a brand new logo on January 25, 2016. Alaska Airlines and Virgin America announced plans to merge on April 4, 2016. The merged airline kept the Alaska Airlines name, with Virgin America flying for the last time on April 24, 2018.


Okeechobee County, Florida

Okeechobee County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on May 8, 1917. As of 2020, 39,644 people lived there. Okeechobee County's seat is Okeechobee.


Iapetus Ocean

The Iapetus Ocean existed in the Neoproterozoic and Palaeozoic eras (between 600 and 400 million years ago). The ocean was in the southern hemisphere, between three paleocontinents. The ocean disappeared when these three continents joined to form one big landmass. That large continent has been given various names, such as Laurussia or the Old Red Sandstone continent. Probably the best name is Euramerica, because basically it was American and Europe stuck together.

The Iapetus Ocean was between continental masses that would at a much later time roughly form the opposite shores of the Atlantic Ocean. It was a kind of precursor of the Atlantic.

At the start of the 19 century, American paleontologist Charles Doolittle Walcott noticed differences in early Paleozoic benthic trilobites either side of the line which later was called the Iapetus Suture.

The so called "Pacific fauna" of Laurentia, as found in Scotland and western Newfoundland, was quite different from those of Baltica, often called the "Atlantic fauna". The latter is found in the southern parts of the British Isles and eastern Newfoundland. Geologists of the early 20 century thought a large trough, a so-called geosyncline, had existed between Scotland and England in the early Paleozoic, keeping both sides separated.

With the development of plate tectonics in the 1960s geologists concluded the Atlantic Ocean must have had a precursor before the time of Pangaea. That ocean had closed as three continents joined, producing the Iapetus Suture.

The Iapetus suture runs where the Iapetus Ocean was before. 
There are other suture lines caused by the collision of continents in the run-up to Pangaea, but the Iapetus is the main one.

Osceola County, Florida

Osceola County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on May 8, 1917. As of 2020, 388,656 people lived there. Osceola County's seat is Kissimmee.


St. Johns County, Florida

St. Johns County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on July 21, 1821. As of 2020, 273,425 people lived there. St. Johns County's seat is St. Augustine.


Washington County, Florida

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on July 21, 1821. As of 2020, 25,318 people lived there. Washington County's seat is Chipley. The county is a dry county which means alcoholic drinks cannot be sold.


Eduardo Nájera

Eduardo Alonso Nájera Pérez (born July 11, 1976) is a Mexican basketball player that currently plays for the Charlotte Bobcats of the NBA. He also played for the Dallas Mavericks for five seasons, the Golden State Warriors for one season, the Denver Nuggets for 4 seasons and the New Jersey Nets for two seasons. He went to University of Oklahoma for college.


Pole vault

Pole vault is a track and field event in which a person uses a long, flexible stick (which today is usually made either of fiberglass or carbon fiber) as an aid to leap over a bar. Pole jumping competitions were known to the ancient Greeks, as well as the Cretans and Celts. It has been a full medal event at the Olympics since the Summer Olympics at 1896 for men and 2000 for women. It started in the ancient Greece.



Samuel Dalembert

Samuel Davis Dalembert (born May 10, 1981) is a Haitian-Canadian former professional basketball player who played 13 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

During his career, he played for the Philadelphia 76ers, the Sacramento Kings, the Houston Rockets, the Milwaukee Bucks, the Dallas Mavericks, the New York Knicks, and Shanxi Zhongyu. He played college basketball at Seton Hall University. Dalembert pledged $100,000 to UNICEF and traveled to Haiti to help with the relief efforts. He won the 2009-10 J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award for helping with the relief efforts in Haiti.


Bobby Ryan

Bobby Ryan (born Robert Shane Stevenson; March 17, 1987 in Cherry Hill, New Jersey) is an American professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Anaheim Ducks for 7 seasons.

Before playing in the NHL, Ryan played 4 seasons with the Owen Sound Attack of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted with the 2nd overall pick by the Anaheim Ducks in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.



Luke McShane

Luke McShane (born 7 January 1984) is an English chess Grandmaster. 

A former World Youth Champion, he is one of England's leading players and a member of the English Chess Olympiad team. He has also been a trader in London's financial sector.

McShane won the World Under-10 Championship in Duisburg at the age of eight. Shortly afterwards he found a sponsor in the form of computer company Psion. At sixteen he became the then youngest ever British grandmaster. 

In January 2004 McShane was ranked second in the world among junior (under-21) players behind Teimour Radjabov.

From around 2002, McShane has been facing stiffer opposition, including players from the world's top ten. He played for England in the 2002 Chess Olympiad in Bled, scoring 6½/11, and won the silver medal at the World Junior Championship in Goa. 

In 2009/10 he tied for first through fifth place at the 39th Rilton Cup in Stockholm.

In December 2010 McShane participated in the 8-player London Chess Classic Tournament, which included Viswanathan Anand (reigning World Chess Champion), Magnus Carlsen (rated #1 for most of 2010), Vladimir Kramnik (former World Champion) and Hikaru Nakamura (US Champion). Under a scoring system of 3 points for a win, 1 for a draw and 0 for a loss, McShane finished joint second with Anand, behind Carlsen, whom McShane had beaten in their individual game. Undefeated, his event performance rating was 2838 – higher than Carlsen's or Anand's. In the January 2011 rating list, he overtook Nigel Short, to become the UK's second highest ranked player after Michael Adams. 

In January 2011 McShane came joint first with David Navara in the B group of the Tata Steel tournament, winning on tie break.

Alfa Romeo 147

The Alfa Romeo 147 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo from 2000 until 2010. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 146.


Kevin Nash

Kevin Scott Nash (born July 9, 1959) is an American actor, podcaster, and retired professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE under a legends contract. Nash also wrestled for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

Kevin Nash returned to the WWE during the 2011 Royal Rumble as a surprise entrant.

On March 28, 2015, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by friend and Kliq member Shawn Michaels.

On January 5, 2020, Nash confirmed that he was retired.

Nash has been married to his wife Tamara since 1988, the couple separated in 2000, but later reconciled. Together they had a son, named Tristan. On October 20, 2022, Tristen died from a cardiac arrest. It was caused by a seizure from alcohol withdrawal syndrome.






No Way Out (2003)

No Way Out was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on February 23, 2003 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec. It was the 4th No Way Out event. Eight matches were scheduled on the event's card.


Ivory (wrestler)

Lisa Moretti (born November 26, 1961 in Inglewood, California) is an American professional wrestler. Moretti is better known by her ring name, Ivory. She is currently wrestling on the independent circuit. Moretti is best known for wrestling for WWF/E. She was the WWF Women's champion three times.

Ivory first appeared in 1999 as a valet for Mark Henry and D'Lo Brown. Immediately she feuded with Debra. The two divas were often in catfights. At one point, Ivory stripped Debra at St Valentine's Day Massacre. On an edition of "RAW", Debra and Jarrett were in a tag team match with Ivory and Brown. It ended early when Debra hit Ivory with Jarrett's guitar. Ivory began getting momentum in matches. She soon started working to win the Women's Championship. Debra was the champion at that time. On the June 14 episode of "RAW", Ivory beat Debra and won her first championship .

Ivory was a hard champion to beat. This was seen when she defended the title in a hardcore match against Luna Vachon at Unforgiven 1999 . At No Mercy 1999, Ivory lost the title to The Fabulous Moolah. She won the title back a week later in a rematch and became a two time champion . At Survivor Series, she lost to Moolah again in a tag team match . She lost the Women's Championship at Armageddon to Kat.

Ivory began wrestling occasionally on "Heat" . On "Heat", she tried to win the title many times by beating Jacqueline but did not win . For months she appeared occasionally on "RAW", "Smackdown" and "Heat" . Ivory returned to compete weekly after Lita became champion. After not winning the title from her twice, Ivory finally won it on "Smackdown" in a Four Corners match. This was her third championship .

By this time, Ivory was being more conservative. She was a member of the group Right to Censor. Ivory was accompanied to the ring by Steven Richards . She kept the title at Survivor Series against Lita. She also kept it Rebellion. In both matches, she won with help from Richards . At Armageddon, she kept the title by winning in a triple threat match with Molly Holly and Trish Stratus . In 2001, at Royal Rumble, Ivory defended the championship against Chyna. Chyna had just returned from an injury caused by Right to Censor. Ivory won the match when Chyna reinjured herself . Next, Ivory feuded with Kat over her faction, "Right to Nudity". She defended the championship against Kat on "Smackdown". At Wrestlemania X-Seven, she lost the title to Chyna and lost her rematch.

During the Invasion of WWF by the Alliance, Ivory caused Jacqueline lose a handicap match to Tori Wilson and Stacy Keibler. This led to Ivory joining the alliance . She became a regular on "Raw" and "Smackdown". She wrestled against Holly and Lita in many matches . She was partnered with Lance Storm. Ivory often accompanying him to the ring . At Survivor Series, she was in a match to pick a new champion but was pinned by Stratus .

In 2002, Ivory competed rarely because she was working as a trainer on Tough Enough 2 . After Wrestlemania, on "Raw", she returned and attacked Stratus and Lita. This set up a tag team match for "Smackdown". The match was Jazz and Ivory vs Trish and Lita. She was drafted to "Smackdown" when the Brand Extension began but she rarely wrestled . In late 2002, just before Survivor Series, Ivory was traded to "Raw". She lost a match to Trish Stratus who was champion at the time.

She competed a few times in 2003 on "Heat". Most of her work at this time was a feud with Victoria. They fought in some singles matches but more often in tag team matches . She lost a number one contender's match to Victoria on "Heat" .

In 2004 Ivory retired from in-ring competition. She began co-hosting a new program called "WWE Experience" with Todd Grisham . In mid 2004, Ivory left WWE.

Lisa Moretti was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. She has two brothers and one sister. She studied public relations at the University of Southern California. Moretti was a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Express of the United States Football League in the mid-1980s. Before starting her career in wrestling, Moretti worked as a make-up artist for the cosmetics brand Revlon.

After leaving WWE, Moretti began working in the landscaping industry. Moretti also worked with her niece to help the pet population affected by Hurricane Katrina. She volunteered for an organization called Best Friends Animal Society. It is a no-kill animal shelter—a shelter that does not euthanize to control animal populations—in Utah. She also worked with her local animal shelter on San Juan Island in northwestern Washington. She has lived there since 2000. She opened Downtown Dog in 2007 with Jessica Ray. It is an animal daycare. It also deals with training, grooming, and cat boarding. The company is in Friday Harbor. In June 2007, they added veterinary care and later the Bow Wow Bus. The Bow Wow Bus takes the dogs on outings. Moretti has taken classes to learn how to groom animals. She now grooms them as part of the business.


Ayako Hamada

Ayako Valentina Hamada Villareal (born February 14, 1981 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Japanese-Mexican professional wrestler currently wrestling on the independent circuit. She is probably best known for wrestling for TNA Wrestling where she won the TNA Knockout Tag Team Championship twice once with Awesome Kong and once with Taylor Wilde.


Rosa Mendes

Milena Leticia Roucka ( ; born October 25, 1979) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler and model. She is best known for her time in WWE under the ring name Rosa Mendes. She made her WWE debut as part of the 2006 Diva Search, even though she finished fourth WWE still hired her. She won a Slammy Award in 2010 for "Best Use of Exercise Equipment". She is also a part of the main cast on the E! reality series "Total Divas". In October 2014, Mendes came out as bisexual. She left WWE on February 13, 2017. Then she worked on the Independent circuit before retiring in January 2020. 


Highlands and Islands

The Highlands and Islands of Scotland are broadly the Scottish Highlands plus Orkney, Shetland and the Hebrides.

This area consisted of parts of seven counties of Scotland: 


Order of Merit

The Order of Merit () is an award, for notable work in the armed forces, science, art, literature, or for the promotion of culture. The order was set up in 1902, by Edward VII. Membership of the order is a personal gift of its Sovereign (the monarch does not take advice from politicians about who should be a member). The sovereign of the order is the reigning monarch of the Commonwealth realms. The award is limited to 24 living recipients at any one time from these countries, plus a small number of honorary members. 

Whilst all members can use the post-nominal letters "OM" and a medallion for life, the Order of Merit's precedence, amongst other honours, differs between Commonwealth realms.

The award filled a gap in the honour system under Queen Victoria. It was only possible to reward people who held official positions. So, for example, T.H. Huxley could be rewarded because he had sat on Royal Commissions, but Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace held no official positions. Without question their work was as important as Huxley's, or more so. This kind of problem was known by Edward VII, and when he eventually became king, he drew up this new award which had no such limitations. The idea had been discussed before.

The first mention of a possible Order of Merit was made after the Battle of Trafalgar, in 1805. It was discussed in letters between the First Lord of the Admiralty, and Prime Minister William Pitt. Nothing came from the idea. Later, Queen Victoria, her courtiers, and politicians, all thought that a new order, based on the Prussian order "Pour le Mérite", would make up for the insufficient recognition offered by the established honours system to achievement outside of public service, in realms such as art, music, literature, industry, and science. Victoria's husband, Albert, Prince Consort, took an interest in the matter; he wrote in his diary that he met on 16 January 1844 with Robert Peel to discuss the "idea of institution of a civil Order of Merit" and three days later he talked with the Queen on the subject. The concept did not wither and, on 5 January 1888, British prime minister the Marquess of Salisbury submitted to the Queen a draft constitution for an Order of Merit in Science and Art, consisting of one grade split into two branches of knighthood: the Order of Scientific Merit - for Knights of Merit in Science, with the post-nominal letters "KMS" and the Order of Artistic Merit - for Knights of Merit in Art, with the post-nominal letters "KMA". However, Sir Frederic Leighton, President of the Royal Academy, advised against the new order, primarily because of its selection process.
It was Victoria's son, Edward VII, who eventually founded the Order of Merit, on 26 June 1902 the date for which his coronation had been originally planned as a means to acknowledge "exceptionally meritorious service in Our Navy and Our Army, or who may have rendered exceptionally meritorious service towards the advancement of Art, Literature and Science"; all modern aspects of the order were established under his direction, including the division for military figures. From the outset, prime ministers attempted to propose candidates or lobbied to influence the monarch's decision on appointments, but the Royal Household adamantly guarded information about potential names. After 1931, when the Commonwealth of Nations came into being and the former Dominions of the British Empire became independent states, equal in status to the UK, the Order of Merit remained an honour open to all the King's realms; thus, as with the monarch who conferred it, the order ceased to be purely British.

From the start, the order has been open to women, Florence Nightingale being the first woman to receive the honour, in 1907. Several people have not taken the honour, such as Rudyard Kipling, , and George Bernard Shaw. To date, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, remains the youngest person ever inducted into the Order of Merit, having been admitted by Queen Elizabeth II, in 1968, when he was 47 years of age.

All citizens of the Commonwealth realms are able to be given the Order of Merit. There can only be 24 living people in the order at any given time, not including honorary appointees, and new members are personally selected by the reigning monarch of the 16 realms, presently Queen Elizabeth II, with the help of her private secretaries; the order has thus been described as "quite possibly, the most prestigious honour one can receive on planet Earth." Within the limited membership is a designated military division, with its own unique insignia; though it has not been abolished, it is currently unused, the Earl Mountbatten of Burma having been the last person so honoured. Honorary members form another group, to which there is no limit, though such appointments are rare; individuals from countries in the Commonwealth of Nations that are not headed by Elizabeth II are considered foreigners, and thus are granted only honorary admissions, such as Nelson Mandela (South Africa) and Mother Teresa (India).

On admission into the Order of Merit, members can use the post-nominal letters "OM", and have the badge of the order, consisting of a golden crown from which is suspended a red enamelled cross, itself centred by a disk of blue enamel, surrounded by a gold laurel wreath, and bearing in gold lettering the words "FOR MERIT"; the insignia for the military grouping has a pair of crossed swords behind the central disk. The ribbon of the Order of Merit is divided into two stripes of red and blue; men wear their badges on a neck ribbon, while women carry theirs on a ribbon bow pinned to the left shoulder, and aides-de-camp may wear the insignia on their aiguillettes. Since 1991, the insignia is to be given back upon the recipient's death.




(none)

As the Order of Merit is open to the citizens of sixteen different countries, each with their own system of orders, decorations, and medals, the order's place of precedence varies from country to country. While in the United Kingdom, members rank below Knights and Dames Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath, it has been claimed by Stanley Martin, in his book "The Order of Merit 1902-2002: One Hundred Years of Matchless Honour", that the Order of Merit is actually the pinnacle of the British honours system. Similarly, though it was not listed in the Canadian order of precedence for honours, decorations, and medals until December 2010, except relating to those who were appointed to the order prior to 1 June 1972, both Christopher McCreery, an expert on Canadian honours and secretary to the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and Rafal Heydel-Mankoo, an editor of "Burke's Peerage", stated that the Order of Merit was the highest civilian award for merit a Canadian could receive.

Some orders of precedence are as follows:

Ellsworth Street Bridge

The Ellsworth Street Bridge is a highway bridge that crosses the Willamette River in Albany, Oregon, United States. Built in 1925, the two-lane structure carries U.S. Route 20 eastbound traffic, with the adjacent Lyon Street Bridge carrying westbound traffic. The -long steel-truss bridge was designed by Conde McCullough and opened in 1926.

In 1887, a bridge was built across the Willamette River at Albany for the Corvallis and Eastern railway followed by the Steel Bridge built in 1893 just down river. The state of Oregon began building a new bridge across the river at the city in 1925 to carry vehicular traffic. Designed by state highway department bridge designer Conde McCullough, it was constructed by the Union Bridge Company based in Portland, Oregon. The steel truss structure was completed in 1926.

When the bridge opened, the Albany-Corvallis Highway was completed. At the time the structure was named the Albany Bridge. In 1973, the neighboring Lyon Street Bridge was completed to the east to expand capacity to a total of four lanes between the two bridges. Ellsworth Street Bridge was refurbished in 1971 and 2002. As of 2004, the bridge handled an average of 9,850 cars per day.

East Caribbean dollar

The East Caribbean dollar (sign: $; code: XCD) is the currency of eight of the nine members of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (the exception is the British Virgin Islands).

It has existed since 1965, when it replaced the British West Indies dollar, and it is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign "$" or, alternatively, "EC$" to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies. 

The EC$ is subdivided into 100 cents. It has been pegged to the United States dollar since 1976 and the exchange rate is currently at US$1 = EC$2.70.

Six of the eight countries which use the EC$ are independent (Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines). The other two are British overseas territories: Anguilla and Montserrat.

All of the countries except Dominica are Commonwealth realms.

Hurdle race

Hurdle race is a type of track and field race.

There are "sprint" hurdle races and "long hurdle" races. The standard sprint hurdle race is 110 meters for men and 100 meters for women. Men and women run 400 meters in the standard long hurdle race. Each of these races is run over ten hurdles and they are all Olympic events.

Other distances are sometimes run, particularly indoors. The sprint hurdle race indoors is usually 60 meters for both men and women, although races 55 meters or 50 meters long are sometimes run.


Hammer throw

Hammer throw is an athletic throwing event. The goal of it is to throw a heavy metal ball attached to a wire and handle. The name "hammer throw" is derived from the older Scottish sport competitions.

Like in other throwing events, competitors gain maximum distance by swinging the hammer above their head to set up the circular motion. Then, they apply force and pick up speed by completing one to four turns in the circle. In competition, most throwers turn three or four times to gradually increase the velocity with each turn. The thrower releases the ball from the front of the circle. The most important factors for a long throw are the angle of release and the speed of the ball. The hammer throw was one of the first Olympic games played. Any gender can take part in the event.


Ocean thermal energy conversion

Ocean thermal energy conversion (OTEC) is a way of getting useful energy from the world's oceans. The sun shines on the oceans of the world and in the hot parts near the water at the sea's surface can be quite warm, sometimes as high as 30°C.

Many oceans are very deep and the water at depths of 1,000 meters can be around 5 °C.

If a pipe is put down into the ocean we can bring the cold water to the surface where we also have warm water available.

The difference in temperature between the warm surface water and the cold deep water may only be around 15 °C. But we can build a machine called a heat engine, which can use this difference to generate power that can be used by people that live in that place. A machine which can do this is called an OTEC machine which stands for "ocean thermal energy conversion".

Because the difference in temperature is small we will need to get large quantities of warm and cold water to go through the machine to get a useful amount of work, but large quantities are available in the ocean.

It has been estimated that OTEC could give amounts of energy that are 10 to 100 times greater than the other ocean energy source, wave power.

The first OTEC machine was built in Cuba in 1930 and made 22 kW of electricity. The largest machine built so far generated 250 kW in 1999 and was made by the US. Plans to build even bigger machines of around 10 MW have been made.

OTEC can also supply quantities of cold water as a by-product. This can be used for refrigeration and can help crops and fish grow. OTEC can also produce large amounts of salt-free water, which can be useful on mid-ocean islands as drinking water.

Middle-distance running

Middle distance race event is longer than sprints, up to 3000 metres. The standard middle distances are the 800 metres, 1500 metres and the mile run, while the 3000 metres may also be classified as a "middle distance event". The 880 yard run, or half mile, was the forebear to the 800 m distance and it has its roots in competitions in the United Kingdom in the 1830s. The 1500 m came about as a result of running three laps of a 500 m track, which was commonplace in continental Europe in the 20th century.

Powerslave

Powerslave is a studio album by Iron Maiden. It went on sale on 3 September 1984. It was the second most popular album in England when it started being sold.

The album got good reviews; one person said it was "classic and essential."

One of the songs, "Rime of the Ancient Mariner," was adapted from a poem of the same name by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. It is Iron Maiden's longest song (almost 14 minutes).


New World vulture

New World vultures are the group of vultures that are found in the Americas. They form the family Cathartidae. There are seven species in five genera. Four of the genera have only one species each. 

These are large birds of prey that feed on the meat of dead or dying animals. The name "Cathartidae" comes from the Greek word "katharsis" meaning to purge or make clean. 

Unlike other birds of prey, they have a good sense of smell. The opening of their nostrils has a hole through from one side of the beak to the other. Some other vultures hop to move on the ground, but the New World vultures walk. 

The two largest species are called condors. 


Counter-Strike

Counter-Strike is a highly popular multiplayer first-person shooter game that was created by Valve Corporation. The game was initially released on November 9, 2000, for Microsoft Windows and later released for Xbox in 2003, and for OS X and Linux in 2013. The game is divided into two teams: counter-terrorists and terrorists, where players fight against each other to achieve their mission or stop the opposing team from achieving theirs.

Initially, Counter-Strike started as a mod for Valve's popular game, Half-Life. The game quickly gained traction, and in a short period of time, Valve Corporation made it into a standalone game.

In Counter-Strike, players complete missions to achieve objectives such as planting a bomb, rescuing hostages, or killing the VIP on the opposing team. The game's objective changes depending on the level and mission the teams are playing. The game ends when one team finishes their mission or eliminates all players on the opposing team.

At the beginning of each round, players receive money, which they can use to purchase weapons and equipment that will help them complete their mission. As players progress through the game, they can earn more money, which can be used to purchase more powerful weapons and equipment.

Counter-Strike is primarily an online game, and players connect to a server to fight against other players. The game's popularity led to the creation of several sequels, including and . Counter-Strike: Global Offensive was released on August 21, 2012, and has since become one of the most played games in the world. The game's success is due to its exciting gameplay, the ability to play online with friends, and the constant updates and additions to the game, which keep players engaged and interested.

Racewalking

Racewalking, or Walking race, is a long-distance athletic event. It is different from running: in that one foot must appear to be in contact with the ground at all times. Stride length is reduced, so to achieve competitive speeds, race walkers must walk at speeds close to those that Olympic 400-meter runners use. They must walk at those speeds for hours at a time since the Olympic events are the 20 km race walk and 50 km race walk.


Sriharikota

Sriharikota is a barrier island off the coast of the southern state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It houses India's only satellite launch centre in the Satish Dhawan Space Centre (also known as SHAR) and is used by the Indian Space Research Organisation to launch satellites using multi-stage rockets such as the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle and the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle.

Sriharikota separates the Pulicat Lake from the Bay of Bengal, and is home to the town of Pulicat. It is in Sri Amarajeevi Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district in Andhra Pradesh. The nearest town is Sullurpeta, which has the nearest railway station. The nearest business city is Sri City. It is also connected by expressways to Chennai.

Monarchy of Saint Kitts and Nevis

As a Commonwealth realm, St Kitts and Nevis has the same monarch as several other Commonwealth countries, King Charles III.

In St Kitts, or when representing St Kitts in another country, he is known as the King of St Kitts and Nevis, His full official title being: "Charles the Third, by the Grace of God, Kingof Saint Christopher and Nevis and of His other Realms and Territories, Head of the Commonwealth".

When acting as King of St Kitts, Charles III only takes advice from the Government of St Kitts and Nevis. This is because the Statute of Westminster of 1931 said that all Commonwealth countries were independent of each other, and that the British government no longer had the right to interfere or give orders to the other countries.

Usually the King's constitutional roles are carried out by the Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Royal succession (who is next in line to the throne) is governed by the English Act of Settlement of 1701, which is part of constitutional law.

Wonder Pets!

Wonder Pets! is an American animated television series for children. It aired on Nick Jr. It is based on a series of short films, called "Linny the Guinea Pig". The series won an Emmy Award in 2008 for Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition.

Josh Selig developed the idea for "Wonder Pets!" while working on his previous show, "Oobi". The series began with two animated shorts called "Linny the Guinea Pig", which acted as a pilot episode. They featured Linny going on adventures set to classical music. Selig first screened the shorts at the wrap party for "Oobi"s first season. The crew of "Oobi" was impressed with them and urged Selig to pitch them to a TV channel. He eventually decided to send the shorts to Nickelodeon executives. Selig called Nickelodeon "a great partner," saying "They're really the company that first believed in us when we pitched "Oobi", and then they believed in us again on "Wonder Pets!"."

Each episode follows a similar structure, with many hallmarks and repeated elements. As each episode begins, children are heard from off-screen, leaving school at the end of the day. They say goodbye to the classroom pets. The classroom is always decorated with student artwork and other items related to a given episode's particular storyline, featured animal, or geographic location. Once the classroom is empty, a pencil holder rattles to create the ringing of a phone.

One by one, the classroom pets notice the ringing phone. As the phone rings, they put on their accessories (a hat for Linny, shoes and a sailor's cap for Tuck, and aviator goggles for Ming-Ming) and make their way towards the phone while singing their opening verses. The Wonder Pets answer the phone and find that an animal is in trouble somewhere. Linny, the Guinea Pig, explains the situation to the other two: Tuck Turtle and Ming-Ming Duckling. They all jump into a box filled with fabric scraps and jump back out wearing different outfits, often alluding to the area of the world they will be visiting. They make a quick joke and jump back into the box, emerging again in superhero capes.



Giant impact hypothesis

The giant impact hypothesis is that the Moon was created out of the debris from a collision between the young Earth and a Mars-sized protoplanet. This is the favoured scientific hypothesis for the formation of the Moon.

Evidence for this hypothesis comes from Moon samples which show that:

The colliding body is sometimes called Theia for the mythical Greek Titan who was the mother of Selene, the goddess of the moon.

There are several unanswered issues with this hypothesis. Lunar oxygen isotopic ratios are essentially identical to Earth, with no evidence of a contribution from another solar body. Also, lunar samples do not have expected ratios of volatile elements, iron oxide, or siderophilic elements (chemical elements which bond with iron), and there is no evidence that the Earth ever had the magma ocean implied by the hypothesis.

The Earth's relatively large natural satellite, the Moon, is unique. During the Apollo program, rocks from the Moon's surface were brought to Earth. Radiometric dating of these rocks has shown the Moon to be 4527 ±10 million years old, about 30 to 55 million years younger than other bodies in the Solar System. New evidence suggests the Moon formed even later, 4.48 ±0.02 Ga (billion years ago), or 70–110 Ma (million years ago) after the start of the Solar System. 

Another notable feature is the relatively low density of the Moon, which must mean it does not have a large metallic core, which other terrestrial bodies in the solar system have. The Moon has a bulk composition closely resembling the Earth's mantle and crust together, without the Earth's core. This has led to the giant impact hypothesis: the idea that the Moon was formed during a giant impact of the proto-Earth with another protoplanet.

The impactor, sometimes called "Theia", is thought to have been a little smaller than the planet Mars. Theia collided with Earth about 4.533 Ga. Models show that if an impactor this size struck the proto-Earth at a low angle and relatively low speed (), much material from the mantles (and proto-crusts) of the proto-Earth and the impactor was ejected into space. Much of it stayed in orbit around the Earth. This material would eventually form the Moon.

However, the metallic cores of the impactor would have sunk through the Earth's mantle to fuse with the Earth's core, depleting the Moon of metallic material. The giant impact hypothesis thus explains the Moon's abnormal composition. The ejecta in orbit around the Earth could have condensed into a single body within weeks. Under the influence of its own gravity, the ejected material became a more spherical body: the Moon.

The radiometric ages show the Earth existed already for at least 10 million years before the impact, enough time to allow for differentiation of the Earth's primitive mantle and core. Then, when the impact occurred, only material from the mantle was ejected, leaving the Earth's core of heavy elements untouched.

The impact had some important consequences for the young Earth. It released an enormous amount of energy, causing both the Earth and Moon to be completely molten. Immediately after the impact, the Earth's mantle was vigorously convecting, the surface was a large magma ocean. The planet's first atmosphere must have been completely blown away by the enormous amount of energy released. The impact is also thought to have changed Earth’s axis to produce the large 23.5° axial tilt that is responsible for Earth’s seasons (a simple, ideal model of the planets’ origins would have axial tilts of 0° with no recognizable seasons). The impact may also have sped up Earth’s rotation.

Analysis of lunar rock brought back by Apollo astronauts appears to show traces of Theia. The researchers claim this confirms the theory that the Moon was created by a cataclysmic collision. Some scientists are surprised that the difference between the Theian material found in the Moon rock and the Earth is so small.


COBOL

COBOL is a programming language that was developed in the year 1959. It was one of the first computer programming languages. The name COBOL stands for "COmmon Business-Oriented Language".
COBOL was created because people wanted a language they could use to describe the problems in a way that is independent of the hardware used. Like SQL COBOL uses a syntax that is close to that of natural languages. As an example, "ADD YEARS TO AGE" is a valid expression.
There are several different versions of COBOL. The newest is from 2002. In general, versions of the language before 1985 are not compatible with the newer versions, from 1985 and later. 

In his letter to an editor in 1975 titled "How do we tell truths that might hurt?", computer scientist and Turing Award recipient Edsger Dijkstra remarked that "The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense." In this letter, Dijkstra also criticised several other languages which were used at the time.

In recent years, COBOL has been extended to allow object-oriented programming, user-defined functions, and user-defined data types. 
The computer scientist Howard E. Tompkins disagreed, and defended structured COBOL: "COBOL programs with convoluted control flow indeed tend to 'cripple the mind'", but this was because "there are too many such business application programs written by programmers that have never had the benefit of structured COBOL taught well...".

Edsger W. Dijkstra

Edsger Wybe Dijkstra (May 11, 1930 – August 6, 2002; ) was a Dutch computer scientist. He received the 1972 Turing Award for fundamental contributions to developing programming languages, and was the Schlumberger Centennial Chair of Computer Sciences at The University of Texas at Austin from 1984 until 2000.

Shortly before his death in 2002, he received the ACM PODC Influential Paper Award in distributed computing for his work on self-stabilization of program computation. This annual award was renamed the Dijkstra Prize the following year, in his honor.

3 Doors Down

3 Doors Down is an American alternative rock band. They formed in 1994 in Escatawpa, Mississippi. The members of the group are Brad Arnold, the singer, Matt Roberts, who plays the lead guitar and backing vocals, Chris Henderson, who plays the rhythm guitar, Todd Harrell who plays the bass guitar and Greg Upchurch, who plays the drums. 



Third Treaty of San Ildefonso

The Third Treaty of San Ildefonso (short for the Preliminary and Secret Treaty between the French Republic and His Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, Concerning the Aggrandizement of His Royal Highness the Infant Duke of Parma in Italy and the Retrocession of Louisiana) was a treaty between France and Spain. In it, Spain gave the territory of Louisiana to France.

Viglen

Viglen is an IT company based in the United Kingdom. Viglen is operated by UK businessman Lord Sugar and most schools in the UK own Viglen computers. Some of the products that Viglen have made are the Incepta II and the Genrie Pro. 

Lotus Cars

Lotus Cars is a British builder of sports and racing cars. It is based at the old site of RAF Hethel, a World War II airfield in Norfolk. The company designs and builds race and production cars. The cars are built to have a low weight. The cars handle well (they can turn, start and stop quickly.)

Lotus Cars was founded and owned for many years by Colin Chapman. After his death and a period of financial instability, it was bought by General Motors, then by businessman Romano Artioli and DRB-HICOM through its subsidiary Proton. It is currently owned by Chinese multinational Geely.

The company was started as Lotus Engineering Ltd. by engineer Colin Chapman in 1952 but had roots in 1948 when Chapman first started building racing cars in a garage. The first factory was in old stables in Hornsey, North London. Team Lotus was started in 1954. It was split off from the Lotus Engineering company. Team Lotus was active and competitive in Formula One racing from 1958 to 1994.

The Lotus Group of Companies was formed in 1959. One company was Lotus Cars Limited which made road cars. The other company was Lotus Components Limited which worked on customer race cars. Lotus Components Limited became Lotus Racing Limited in 1971 but stopped building cars in the same year.

In 1959, the company moved to Cheshunt, Hertfordshire into a factory built to make cars. Since 1966 the company has been in a modern factory and road test facility at Hethel, near Wymondham. This site is the former RAF Hethel base. The test track uses parts of the old runway.

In its early days, Lotus sold cars aimed at privateer racers and trialists. Its early road cars could be bought as kits, in order to save on purchase tax. The kit car era ended in the late 1960s and early 1970s, with the introduction of the Elan, the first car manufactured by the company.

In early 1982, Chapman came to an agreement with Toyota to exchange intellectual property and applied expertise. This resulted in Lotus collaborating in the design and development of Toyota sports cars and Toyota supplying parts to Lotus, making development and production of their new models, such as the Excel, cost effective.

Chapman died of a heart attack in 1982 at the age of 54. The car maker built tens of thousands of successful racing and road cars. They won the Formula One World Championship seven times. At the time of his death he was linked with the DeLorean scandal over the use of government subsidies for the production of DeLorean DMC-12 for which Lotus had designed the chassis.

In 1986, the company was bought by General Motors. On 27 August 1993, GM sold the company to Bugatti Automobili SpA owned by businessman Romano Artioli. In 1996, a majority share in Lotus was sold to Proton, a Malaysian car company. On 24 May 2017, Chinese multinational Geely announced that was taking a 51% controlling stake in Lotus. The remaining 49% was acquired by Etika Automotive.

The company is organized as Group Lotus. Group Lotus is divided into Lotus Cars and Lotus Engineering. Lotus Engineering builds suspension for other car builders. They also worked with General Motors to develop the 4-cylinder Ecotec engine.

The four letters in the middle of the logo stand for the initials of Anthony Colin Bruce Chapman.

The Lotus Cars helped its customers to race its cars. They entered Formula One through its sister company Team Lotus in 1958. In 1960, Lotus got its first win in F1. A Lotus 18 driven by Stirling Moss won at Monaco. The car was entered by privateer Rob Walker.

They had big success in 1963 with the Lotus 25. With Jim Clark driving, Lotus its first F1 World Constructors Championship. Clark was killed in a crash in a Formula Two Lotus 48 in April 1968. It was a severe blow to the team and to Formula One. Clark was the dominant driver with the best car at the time. He is an important part of Lotus' early years. The 1963 championship was won by Clark's teammate, Graham Hill.

Team Lotus made the mid-engine layout popular for IndyCars. They developed the first monocoque Formula One chassis. They also made the engine and transaxle a part of the chassis. A transaxle is a combination of the transmission and rear axle. Lotus was also among the first in Formula One to add wings and shaping the bottom of the car. This created aerodynamic downforce. They were the first to move radiators to the sides of the car. This improved the aerodynamic performance of the car. Team Lotus is also considered as the pioneer of the active suspension.

After Chapman's death, until the late 1980s, Lotus was still to be a major player in Formula One. Ayrton Senna drove for the team from 1985 to 1987. Senna won twice in each year and earned 17 pole positions. By the company's last Formula One race in 1994, the cars were not competitive. At the end of the 1994 season, Lotus left Formula One racing. Team Lotus won a total of 79 Grand Prix races. Team Lotus was the first team to achieve 50 Grand Prix victories.

Formula One Constructors' Championships (Drivers' Championship winner for Lotus)

In 1992, Team Lotus started Classic Team Lotus for the Works historic motorsport activity. Classic Team Lotus repairs and keeps Lotus F1 cars in running condition. They race them in the FIA Historic Formula One Championship. It keeps the Team Lotus archive and the Works Collection of cars. It is managed by Clive Chapman, son of company founder Colin Chapman.

The Lotus name returned to Formula One for the 2010 season. A new team in Malaysia was started called Lotus Racing. They used the Lotus name with license from Group Lotus. The new team was unrelated to the old Team Lotus. The new team was funded by a Malaysian Consortium (group of companies) including Proton, the former owner of Lotus.

After the 2010 season, Proton ended the license for Lotus Racing to use the Lotus name. Proton believed the team broke the license rules. Lotus Racing then bought Team Lotus Ventures Ltd. This company owned the rights to use the name "Team Lotus". The Lotus Racing team announced they would be known as Team Lotus starting in 2011.

In December 2010 Group Lotus (Proton) purchased part of the Renault F1 team. They announced the team would be now be known as Lotus Renault GP. Lotus Renault GP will compete in Formula One starting in 2011.

Lotus also unsuccessfully participated in the 24 Hours of LeMans and in the Indianapolis 500 in 2011 and 2012.

At the 2010 Paris Motorshow, Lotus announced five new models. These were to be introduced over the next five years.

Out of the five models introduced, only the Elise reached the production stage with Lotus cancelling the rest of the models to focus on making lightweight sports cars.

Current Lotus models include:



Lotus Engineering Limited, is an offshoot of Lotus Cars. They consult with other companies that build cars and car equipment. In addition to the United Kingdom, Lotus Engineering has offices in China, Malaysia and United States.

The APX (also known as the "Aluminum Performance Crossover") is a concept car made from aluminum presented at the 2006 Geneva Motor Show. It is built on Lotus Engineering's Versatile Vehicle Architecture (VVA).

The VVA design was to be used on a mid-engine sports car. The APX is a high performance 7 seat Multi Purpose Vehicle. It is four-wheel drive and has a front mounted V6 engine.

Cars produced using VVA:

Examples of work done by Lotus Engineering include:

Lotus Engineering has established a group dedicated to hybrid and electric vehicles.

Lotus joined Jaguar Cars, MIRA Ltd and Caparo on a luxury hybrid executive sedan project called "Limo-Green"—funded by the UK Government Technology Strategy Board. The vehicle was a series plug-in hybrid.

Lotus unveiled their first series production electric sports car called the Evija in July 2019. The car is undergoing development under the codename Type 130. Production would be limited to 130 units and is scheduled to begin in Summer 2020. The Evija makes use of a 70 kWh battery pack developed in conjunction with Williams Advanced Engineering. There are 4 electric motors placed on each wheel supported by an Integral powertrain. The powertrain is rated at a total output of and of torque. The Evija has a range of .

Lotus Cars were awarded the Queen's Award for Enterprise for contribution to International Trade, one of 85 companies receiving the recognition in that category in 2002. Lotus cars wore the badge of the award for a number of years.

Lotus cars have appeared in several movies and TV shows. The most popular appearance of Lotus cars was in two James Bond movies namely "The Spy Who Loved Me" (1977) and "For Your Eyes Only" (1981). The amphibious Lotus Esprit appearing in the 1977 movie was more popular of the two appearances.


Genetic counselling

Genetic counselling, or "counseling", is how clients are advised about genetic disorders. Genetic disorders, by definition, can be passed on in heredity. Example: many descendents of Queen Victoria carried one or both alleles for haemophilia. It was a hereditary disease in European royal families.

Clients with a disorder may be interested in the probability of transmitting a genetic disorder to their children. They may ask what the options are to prevent, avoid or improve it.

Facilities and rules vary in different countries. In the United States the National Society of Genetic Counselors defines genetic counselling as: 

A genetic counsellor is an expert with a Master of Science degree in genetic counseling. In the United States they are certified by the American Board of Genetic Counseling. Most enter the field from biology, genetics, nursing, psychology, public health and social work. Genetic counsellors need to be expert educators, skilled in translating ideas into terms that are easy to understand.

Families may choose to attend counselling or undergo prenatal testing for a number of reasons.

Training of genetic counselling is not done in all countries, and the service of genetic counselling is not available in all countries.

The cost of complete genome analysis has come down so far that individual people can have their own genome analysed. 

The problem is interpret what the analysis shows. At present there are many genes whose functions are not yet known, and many alleles whose effect is not known.

Already it is possible to identify the sex of a foetus in the womb, and to identify some of the most common disorders. This may, depending on legal and religious constraints, influence abortion of the foetus in some cases. In some cases, the effects of a defect can be anticipated and prevented or cured. These issues do not affect most people today, but as genomic analysis advances, genetic counselling will become of much greater significance.

A number of themes occur. Almost universal is: groups which marry a restricted set of partners tend to have more genetic defects. The two most obvious cases are:

In the case of royal families there were a number of marriages of cousins and other close relationships. They suffered a disproportionate number of haemophiliacs, 
and some distorted features such as the Habsburg jaw (prognathism). It has been suggested that the Ancient Egyptian pharaohs suffered short lives because of their frequent incestuous marriages. In this connection it is interesting that Tutankhamun's mother was the full sister of his father. However, the immediate cause of his death seems to be malaria.

Ashkenazi jewery has a very sophisticated understanding of the genetic problems they face, and maintain an excellent advice service. 

In both cases the key causal element is the restricted set of permissible partners available for marriage.


Susan Collins

Susan Margaret Collins (born December 7, 1952) is an American politician who is the senior U.S. Senator from Maine since 1997. She is a moderate in the Republican Party. Collins was elected to the Senate in 1996. The Senator was born December 7, 1952.

On February 13, 2021, Collins was one of seven Republican senators to vote Donald Trump guilty of starting an insurrection at the U.S. Capitol attack in his second impeachment trial. 

Frill-necked lizard

The Frill-necked lizard ("Chlamydosaurus kingii") has a large reptile, thin frill around its head, which it displays in order to frighten enemies. To appear even more impressive, it also opens its mouth wide and often rears up on its hind legs. When frightened, this lizard will run away, using its back-legs only, earning it the nickname, the "bicycle lizard." 

These lizards spend most of their life in trees (they are primarily arboreal). They live in the north of Australia and in New Guinea. They inhabit moist tropical and warm-temperate forests and in woodlands with shrubby understory. When displayed, the frill is 9.5-14 inches (24-34 cm) wide. When the lizard is at rest, the frill folds down on its shoulders. Adults are over 8 inches (20 cm) long. 

Frill-necked Lizards are carnivorous (meat-eaters). They eat bugs (like cicadas, ants, spiders, termites) small mammals, and small lizards. They hunt in trees and on the ground. 

Females lay 8 to 23 small eggs in an underground nest. These lizards hatch with the ability to be fully independent, hunt and to use their frill.

Jodi Picoult

Jodi Lynn Picoult (born 19 May 1966 in Nesconsent, Long Island, New York) is an American author. Picoult comes from what she calls a "non-practicing Jewish family". She was raised in her hometown in Long Island, but moved to the U.S. State of New Hampshire when she was 13 years old. She went to Princeton, a university in the U.S. state of New Jersey, where she studied writing and graduated from in 1987. She also went to Harvard University, where she earned a master's degree in education. She had many jobs, as a guest writer for magazines like "Seventeen", to editing textbooks and teaching eighth grade English. She published her first novel "Songs of the Humpback Whale" in 1992. Her first book to debut as a New York Times best-seller was her 2007 novel "Nineteen Minutes"; the following year her novel "Change of Heart" became her second novel to debut as #1 on the New York Times Best Seller's list. Her last novel to be featured on the list was "Handle With Care" (2009). Four of her novels, "The Pact" (1998), "Plain Truth" (2000), "The Tenth Circle" (2006) and most recently, "My Sister's Keeper", which published as a book in 2004 but released as a movie in 2009. She was awarded the New England Bookseller Award for fiction in 2003. Picoult currently has some 14 million copies of her books in print worldwide. In addition to writing novels, Picoult had written for DC Comics' third volume of Wonder Woman in 2007; she only wrote 5 issues. She lives with her husband, Tim Van Leer, their three children and pets in Hanover, New Hampshire.

Shad Gaspard

Shad Gaspard (January 13, 1981 – May 17, 2020) was an American professional wrestler and actor. He was best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). He teamed with JTG and they formed the tag team, Cryme Tyme. Gaspard later began an acting career which he stated in an interview for Right After Wrestling. He starred in "Get Hard".

Gaspard was born in New York City.

Gaspard married his longtime girlfriend Siliana Gaspard in 2009, together the couple had a son, in April 2010.

On March 5, 2011, Gaspard was arrested by police in Columbus, Ohio for having allegedly refused the commands of a police officer and then resisting arrest for jaywalking. He was later cleared of all charges in July 2011.

On May 17, 2020, Gaspard was caught in a strong rip current at Marina del Rey beach in Venice Beach, California. On May 20, 2020, his body was found washed up in Venice Beach, California, three days after he had gone missing and identified by the Los Angeles County coroner's office. He was 39 years old.

Bukittinggi

Bukittinggi (Indonesian for "high hill", formerly called "Fort de Kock") is a city in West Sumatra, Indonesia. The population of this city was estimated at 120,000 according to the 2010 census. Bukittinggi became the capital city of Indonesia from 1948 to 1949 when Indonesia was at war with the Netherlands.

Yogyakarta

Yogyakarta is a city in the Yogyakarta Special Region, Indonesia. Yogyakarta was the capital city of Indonesia from 1947 to 1948. The city is near two UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Borobudur temple and Prambanan temple.

Yogyakarta is a major center of education in Indonesia. Public universities in the city include:

Private universities include:

Kenzo Suzuki

Kenzo Suzuki (born July 25, 1974) is a Japanese professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling for WWE and New Japan Pro Wrestling. Suzuki is currently wrestling for All Japan Pro Wrestling and is part of the stable, Voodoo Murders. He is often managed to the ring by his real-life wife, Hiroko Suzuki.


Gifu Prefecture

Gifu is part of the Tōkai region. Shirakawa in Gifu is a UNESCO's World Heritage Site.

In the Meiji period, Gifu Prefecture was created by merging several old provinces, including Hida Province and Mino Province.

"Gifu" may have been named by Oda Nobunaga.

Gifu shares borders with seven other prefectures: Aichi Prefecture, Fukui Prefecture, Ishikawa Prefecture, Mie Prefecture, Nagano Prefecture, Shiga Prefecture and Toyama Prefecture.




National parks cover about 18% of the total land area of the prefecture.

Otaki Limestone cave is one of the biggest limestone caves in Japan. There is no daylight inside, so you may feel that the air in there is very still. If you go there in summer, you may feel cool, and if you go there in winter, you may feel much warmer than outside of it. The walls are made of limestone and look milky white.

"Hidaichinomiya-Minashi jinja" is the main Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Xavier Woods

Austin Watson (born September 4, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE where he competes on the Raw brand under the ring name Xavier Woods. He is a member of The New Day stable with Kofi Kingston and Big E. He is a 12-time tag team Champion and the 2021 King of the Ring. He has also wrestled for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) from 2007 to 2010 under the ring name Consequences Creed and won the TNA World Tag Team Championship one time with Jay Lethal.

As Austin Creed, he is also famous for his gaming channel on YouTube, called "UpUpDownDown". It has more than 2 millon subscribers and more than 500 million views on YouTube. It won a Guinness World Record in August 2018 for Most Subscribed-to Celebrity Video Gaming Channel.



Semih Erden

Semih Erden (born July 28, 1986 in Istanbul, Turkey) is an Turkish basketball player who currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the NBA. He was selected 60th overall in the 2nd round in the 2008 NBA Draft by the Boston Celtics, while he was playing for Fenerbahçe Ülker in his homeland. Erden arrived in Boston for the 2010–11 season, but was traded to Cleveland near the end of the season. During the 2011 NBA lockout, he returned to Turkey and played for Beşiktaş; after the lockout ended in December 2011, he returned to the Cavaliers. 


Doug Williams (wrestler)

Douglas Clayton Durdle (born September 1, 1972) is an English professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He was known under the ring name, Douglas Williams. 





Philidor defence

Philidor's defence, usually called "the Philidor", is one of the basic chess openings. It was used often by the 18th century master François-André Danican Philidor, and he published analysis about it in his textbook "L'Analyse du jeu des échecs" (1849).

Black can reach a line called the Hanham variation by transposing from the Pirc defence:


Robert Boyle

Robert Boyle FRS (25 January 1627 – 31 December 1691) was a 17th-century natural philosopher, chemist, physicist, inventor and founding member of the Royal Society.

Boyle was born in Ireland to a titled Anglo-Irish family. He was the fourteenth child of Richard Boyle, 1st Earl of Cork, who had arrived in Ireland in 1588.

Robert Boyle is best known for Boyle's law.

When Robert Hooke was young, Boyle employed him as an instrument-maker and assistant. They continued to cooperate when Hooke took charge of experiments at the Royal Society.

Scientific research was the main focus of Boyle's life. He joined other like-minded men in a group which called itself the "Invisible College". He was part of the group which founded the Royal Society in 1660.
Boyle was an alchemist, but also the first modern chemist. His 1661 book, "The Sceptical Chymist", is important in the history of chemistry.

As a director of the East India Company Boyle spent large sums in promoting the spread of Christianity in the East. He contributed liberally to missionary societies and to the expenses of translating the Bible or portions of it into various languages.

Boyle supported the policy that the Bible should be available in the language of the people, in contrast to the Latin-only policy of the Roman Catholic Church at the time.


Myrtillocactus

Myrtillocactus is a genus of plants in the family Cactaceae.

All of these plants are succulents. The plants grows in Mexico and Guatemala. In total, there are 4 species:
Flowers are white or yellowish, its length is appr. 2.5 cm.

Some species of Myrtillocactus are popular houseplants.


USS Nimitz (CVN-68)

The USS "Nimitz" (CVN-68) is a supercarrier of the United States Navy. Starting in late 2011, The USS "Nimitz" will be stationed at Naval Station Everett in Everett, Washington. It is named after Admiral Chester W. Nimitz.

It is set to replace the USS "Abraham Lincoln". Its length is an amazing 1063 feet or 333 meters. It has four steam catapults that can speed up a 100,000 pound plane to 160 mph in 100 meters. It can launch early warning planes, F/A-18 hornets and Super Hornet fighter-bomber aircraft. It is powered by two nuclear reactors and can stay at sea for 24 years without refueling although refueling needs to be done carefully and only in special naval bases. It weighs 100,000 tons. It carries a maximum of 130 McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornets or 85-90 other planes.

Commelinoideae

Commelinoideae is a subfamily of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family (Commelinaceae). The Commelinoideae is one of two subfamilies within the Commelinaceae and includes 39 genera (out of 41 in the family) and all but 12 of the family's several hundred known species.

Emma Bunton

Emma Bunton (born 21 January 1976) is a British singer-songwriter and television promoter. She was a member of girl group the Spice Girls. She gained her nickname "Baby Spice" from being the youngest member of the group. 

She was a contestant in the 2006 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". She is also the host of the Heart FM Saturday evening show from 4pm to 7pm.

On 12 August 2012, the Spice Girls performed a medley of "Wannabe" and "Spice Up Your Life" at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony. They got back together just for the event. Their performance was the most tweeted moment of the Olympics closing ceremony with over 116,000 tweets on Twitter per minute. 

Bunton's long-term partner since 1998 is singer Jade Jones. The couple have two sons: Beau Lee Jones and Tate Lee Jones. She is also a godmother to Geri Halliwell's daughter Bluebell Madonna Halliwell, alongside Victoria Beckham.

Barred spiral galaxy

A barred spiral galaxy is a big group of stars shaped like a spiral, and which has a long, straight bar also made up of stars across its middle. Imagine it like a pinwheel firework with a stick going through it. Our home, the Milky Way, is one of these galaxies and has its own bar.

Edwin Hubble made a list of all the galaxies he could find and put them into groups according to their shapes. He noticed that some of the spirals have tight arms, some have loose arms, and others are somewhere in between. He even made a category for those with a straight bar and no spiral arms.

Bars in galaxies act like nurseries for stars. They help bring gas toward the center, where new stars are born when there is enough gas and dust around. But the bars don't last forever; over time, they might change, and the galaxy becomes a more typical spiral. 

Scientists think that this whole process takes about two billion years. They've found evidence that even in the early days of the universe, some galaxies already had these bars.

Barred spiral galaxies are like big whirlpools of stars with a straight bar made of more stars in the middle. It's like a special phase in a galaxy's life, and it takes a long time for them to go from being just a spiral to having a bar.

Steeplechase (athletics)

The steeplechase is an obstacle race in athletics, which derives its name from the word "steeplechase" in horse racing.


Ken Anderson (wrestler)

Kenneth Anderson (born March 6, 1976) is an American professional wrestler. Anderson is known for his time working with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2005 to 2009 under the ring name Mr. Kennedy. He has also wrestled in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as Mr. Anderson from 2010 to 2016. He is currently signed to Top Rank Boxing as their announcer.

Andwrson is a former WWE United States Champion, Money in the Bank winner, and two-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion. He is known for peforming his ring announcements himself.



South Sudan

South Sudan is a country in East Africa. Its official name is the Republic of South Sudan. It was part of Sudan until 2011. A civil war began in 2013.

The landlocked country is bordered by Ethiopia to the east; Kenya to the southeast; Uganda to the south; the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the southwest; the Central African Republic to the west; and the Republic of Sudan to the north. South Sudan includes the vast swamp region of the Sudd formed by the White Nile, locally called the "Bahr al Jabal".

What is now South Sudan was once part of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. This part of the British Empire became the Republic of Sudan when independence was achieved in 1956. After the First Sudanese Civil War, the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region was formed in 1972 and lasted until 1983. A second Sudanese civil war soon developed and ended with the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005. Later that year, the Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan was formed. South Sudan became an independent state on 9 July 2011 at midnight local time, after a referendum held in January 2011. In the referendum, nearly 99% of voters wanted to separate from the rest of Sudan.

The United Nations Security Council met on 13 July 2011 to formally discuss membership for the Republic of South Sudan. The next day, 14 July 2011, South Sudan became a United Nations member state. South Sudan has also applied to join the Commonwealth of Nations, the East African Community, the Intergovernmental Authority on Development, the International Monetary Fund, and the World Bank. The country was declared eligible to apply for membership in the Arab League as well.

At the 2012 Summer Olympics, one athlete from South Sudan competed under the flag of the International Olympic Committee. In 2013 a civil war broke out.

Its capital is Juba. Between eight and twelve million people live there. Over 200 languages are spoken, but the official language is English. Arabic is also spoken by many people.

The main religion is Christianity, practised by nearly 78% of the population. Another 20% practise African traditional religions, and just 2% are Muslim.

Much of South Sudan's economy is based on oil, but they also have a large lumber industry mainly consisting of teak. It is a very poor and under-developed country. There is very little infrastructure, and the civil wars have caused a lot of damage.

Notes

S Club

S Club, formerly S Club 7 are a British pop band. They formed in 1998 in London and split up in 2003. The band members were Jo O'Meara, Bradley McIntosh, Paul Cattermole, Rachel Stevens, Hannah Spearritt, Jon Lee and Tina Barrett. The group reunited in 2008 with Jo O'Meara, Bradley McIntosh and Paul Cattermole and was renamed S Club.


Some iconic songs from S Club includes 'Never Had a Dream Come True', 'Don't Stop Movin', 'S Club Party', 'Reach' and 'Bring It All Back'.

The New York Times Best Seller list

"The New York Times" Best Seller list is a list of best-selling books in the United States that has been published weekly on Sundays by the "New York Times", a New York City based newspaper since 9 April 1942. It is also released a stand-alone publication, meaning it is sometimes published separately outside of the newspaper, and can also be found online. The list is usually split into fiction and non-fiction sections; each contain ten to twenty titles.

Muskmelon

Muskmelons ("Cucumis melo") are a type of melon. Cantaloupes are a popular type of muskmelon, but there are other types like the Honeydew Melon. They come from Persia (Iran) and nearby countries. They were transported west to Europe near the time of Christ's birth. The name Cantaloupe comes from the italian town they were cultivated in: "Cantalupo" "nel Sannio"

The name of the muskmelon comes from the words "musk," which means "perfume" in Persian and "melon," which is French and comes from a Latin word melonem (melo in the accusative form - direct object function in a sentence) that means "fruit of a cucurbit."

Muskmelons are native to Iran, as well as parts of India and Afghanistan. The first known mention of the muskmelon was in Greece in the 3rd century BC. There is an old Egyptian painting that shows a fruit some people think was a muskmelon. In the first century AD, Romans knew about the muskmelon, and both the Greeks and Romans found that it could be used as medicine or to eat. At about this time, China also found out about the muskmelon.

During the Middle Ages the muskmelon spread across Europe to as far west as Spain and Christopher Columbus brought seeds of it to the Caribbean in 1494. In the 1600s it was being grown across North America by the Spanish, the English and Native Americans. By 1650 the muskmelon was being grown in Brazil.

Muskmelons can widely vary in taste, depending on each fruit: some are sweet and some more closely resemble their cucurbitaceae cousin, the cucumber, in taste. In 1513, a Spanish writer said of the muskmelon that "the good [muskmelons] are like good women, and the bad like bad women." Maybe expecting all melons to be sweet, which is not the case as mentioned earlier.

2006 Hengchun earthquakes

The 2006 Hengchun earthquake happened on Tuesday December 26, 2006 at 12:25 UTC (20:25 local time) near Taiwan. On the surface the center of the earthquake was about 22.8 km west southwest of Hengchun, Pingtung County, Taiwan. The center of the earthquake underground was 21.9 km deep in the Luzon Strait ().

Reports of the strength of the quake do not all agree. Taiwan's Central Weather Bureau reported 7.0 M The United States Geological Survey estimated the quake to be 7.1 M The Hong Kong Observatory and the Japan Meteorological Agency said 7.2 M. Taiwan's Central News Agency reported that it was the strongest earthquake to hit Hengchun in one hundred years. The earthquake hurt and killed many people and damaged many buildings. It also damaged several undersea cables. The broken cables were a problem for telecommunication services in parts of Asia.

The date of the earthquake was unusual. The earthquake happened exactly two years after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake that caused terrible damage to the coastal communities across Southeast and South Asia. It was also exactly three years after the 2003 earthquake that almost destroyed the southern Iranian city of Bam.

This earthquake was the first time Taiwan detected a tsunami. The water level changed only 25 cm and did not damage anything.

An early tsunami warning came from the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA). They reported that the earthquake caused a 1-meter tsunami. It was moving towards the east coast of the Philippines. The Hong Kong Observatory also reported a tsunami that would probably not affect Hong Kong.



Cuban solenodon

The Cuban solenodon or almiqui ("Solenodon cubanus") is a species of soricomorph that is endemic to Cuba. It belongs to the family Solenodontidae along with a similar species, the Hispaniolan Solenodon ("Solenodon paradoxus"). The solenodon is unusual among mammals in that its saliva is venomous. Since its discovery in 1861 by the German naturalist Wilhelm Peters.

Chicago Tribune

Chicago Tribune is a major newspaper in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded on June 10, 1847 by James Kelly, John E. Wheeler, and Joseph K. C. Forrest. The Tribune ran the wrong result in its headline, "DEWEY DEFEATS TRUMAN" during the 1948 United States presidential election.


Snooki

Nicole Elizabeth "Snooki" LaValle (née Polizzi; born November 23, 1987) is an American reality television personality, television host, author, professional wrestler, and dancer. She is best known for being a cast member of the MTV reality show "Jersey Shore" and starring in "Snooki & Jwoww" and "". She earned $150,000 per "Jersey Shore" episode by the last season. 

She also appeared as the guest hostess for "WWE Raw" in 2011 and competed at WrestleMania XXVII that year.

Angelina Pivarnick

Angelina Pivarnick (born June 26, 1986) is an American television personality. She is best known for starring in the first two seasons of the MTV's reality show "Jersey Shore" and the VH1 show "Couples Therapy". Pivarnick made her return to television in "". She was born in Staten Island, New York.

Vinny Guadagnino

Vincent "Vinny" Guadagnino (born November 11, 1987) is an American reality television personality and actor. He is best known for his time on MTV's" Jersey Shore".

In the November 8, 2011 episode of "90210", he played a small role that he reprised in the episode titled "O Holly Night". 

MTV has also produced Guadagnino's own talk show, "The Show with Vinny", which debuted in May 2013.


Sammi Giancola

Sammi Giancola (born March 14, 1987) is an American television personality and businesswoman. She is best known as one of the eight main cast members of the MTV reality series "Jersey Shore".

Michael Sorrentino

Michael Sorrentino (born July 4, 1982), also known as The Situation, is an American television personality. He appeared on the MTV reality show "Jersey Shore" in all six seasons from December 2009 through its final episode in December 2012.

On January 19, 2018, Sorrentino pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion, as part of a plea bargain with prosecutors. On October 5, 2018, Sorrentino was sentenced to 8 months in prison, 2 years of supervised probation, and 500 hours of community service.

JWoww

Jennifer Lynn "Jenni" Farley (born February 27, 1986), also known as JWoww, is an American television personality. She is known for being one of the eight main cast members in the MTV reality series "Jersey Shore", and is a main cast member of its spin-off, "Snooki & Jwoww". 

Ronnie Ortiz-Magro

Ronald J. Ortiz-Magro Jr. (born December 4, 1985) is an American television personality. He is best known as one of the eight main cast members in the MTV reality series "Jersey Shore". She was born in The Bronx, New York City.

In 2017, Ortiz-Magro appeared in the second season of the E! reality series "Famously Single." 

In 2018, Ronnie Ortiz-Magro became part of the main cast in the MTV reality television series "".

Deena Nicole Cortese

Deena Nicole Buckner (born Deena Nicole Cortese; January 12, 1987) is an American reality television personality. She appeared on the MTV reality show "Jersey Shore" from 2010 to 2012.

In November 2016, Cortese became engaged to Christopher Buckner. They were married on October 28, 2017.

Pauly D

Paul DelVecchio Jr. (born July 5, 1980), publicly known as DJ Pauly D, is an American television personality and disc jockey. He is best known for being a housemate on MTV's reality show "Jersey Shore".

He is the first of the "Jersey Shore" cast to get his own spin-off show, "The Pauly D Project".

Stephen Baldwin

Stephen Andrew Baldwin (born May 12, 1966) is an American actor. He is known for his conservative religious and political beliefs. He is the youngest of the Baldwin brothers. He was a housemated in the 2010 series of Big Brother (UK).

<br>

Pirc defence

The Pirc defence is one of the asymmetrical hypermodern defences, usually to 1.e4. It is similar to the Modern defence, but reserves the decision as to whether to fianchetto the g8 bishop.

Because it is so flexible it lends itself to transpositions. This is one of the main lines:

A completely different idea is:
which is a transposition into Philidor's defence. Another idea is:
which is called Wade's defence.

Cyclone Yasi

Tropical Cyclone Yasi was a tropical cyclone that caused a lot of damage when it reached the Australian coast at about midnight on Wednesday 2 February 2011. The storm which started in the Coral Sea, destroyed hundreds of homes in the northern Queensland towns of Tully, Mission Beach, Innisfail and Cardwell. Yasi was a Category Five storm, the highest level, with winds of about 300 km/h. It was the biggest storm in Queensland's history, with more than 10,000 people moved from their homes. The storm passed between the two big cities of Cairns and Townsville which only suffered minor damage. Early estimates of damage put the cost at about AU$100 million.

Cyclone Yasi did not cause the damage that government expected as it missed major cities. It did however destroy 30% of the houses in Tully. At least 75% of the banana crop was destroyed, and damage to the sugar cane farms is expected to cost about AU$500 million. One person died when they were poisoned by fumes from a portable generator. Damage to power lines left 150,000 homes without electricity.

The rainforest around Mission Beach was flattened by the cyclone. This meant that most of the food and shelter needed for the wildlife has been destroyed. The Southern Cassowary, a large endangered bird, will need help to survive in the forest. After Cyclone Larry in 2006 it is thought that about one third of the cassowaries at Mission Beach died from starvation. A group, called Rainforest Rescue, is going to set up feeding areas in the forest for the birds.


Fianna Fáil

Fianna Fáil is an Irish political party. It was founded in 1926 by Éamon DeValera and Constance Markievicz,
. Its leader is Micheál Martin, who has also been Taoiseach since 2020. It was a faction of Sinn Fein - another Irish political party alongside Fine Gael - before splitting to become its own political party in 1926. Its name is translated from Irish as 'Soldiers of Destiny' but literally means 'Warriors of Fál' (Fál was the name of Ireland in legends). 

The party is part of a coalition government with Fine Gael and the Green Party, with Fianna Fáil being the largest party in the Dáil Éireann.

There have been eight leaders of the Fianna Fáil since its creation in 1926. They are:

The Youth Wing of Fianna Fáil is the Ógra Fianna Fáil, which was created in 1975 to get younger people to vote and support the party. 


Jim Agnew

Jim Agnew (born March 21, 1966) is a Canadian retired professional hockey defenceman. Agnew was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks in the 8th round (157th overall) in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft. After a stellar career in the Western Hockey League with the Brandon Wheat Kings and Portland Winter Hawks, Agnew began his professional career with the Canucks in 1986.

Agnew spent most of the 1986–87 in the American Hockey League, although he did receive a four-game stretch with the Canucks. He would spend four full seasons in Vancouver's minor-league system while seeing occasional action in Vancouver. Playing ten games for the team in the 1987–88 during which time he recorded his only career point, and was called up again for seven games in 1989–90.

While playing for the Canucks in March 1990, Agnew seriously injured his left knee and required surgery. This would be the start of a chronic knee problem. Injuries to his left knee caused him to miss significant action six times over the next four seasons, and required three separate surgeries.

His knee problems struck just as he made the NHL on a full-time basis. He spent virtually the entire 1990–91 and 1991–92 seasons on the Canuck roster as a utility player seeing action at both forward and defence, but was limited to just 44 games over that stretch due to injury and failed to record a point.

He was released by the Canucks in 1992 and signed as a free agent with the Hartford Whalers. Again, however, he was limited to only 16 games by an injury to his left knee. After injuring his knee again during the Whalers' 1993 training camp, he decided to retire.

Agnew appeared in 81 NHL games over parts of six seasons, recording 1 assist and 257 penalty minutes.


Deloraine, Manitoba

Deloraine is a farming town in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It is near the Turtle Mountains in the southwest corner of the province.


Western Hockey League

The Western Hockey League (WHL) is a major junior ice hockey league based in Western Canada and the Pacific Northwest of the United States. 


Insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

The Insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is an insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, northwest Pakistan. It involves the United States, United Kingdom, Pakistani military and Pakistani tribes against the Taliban, al-Qaeda and Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The main reason for the conflict was tensions breaking out between Pakistan Armed Forces and al-Qaeda in 2004. 3117 Pakistani armed forces members have been killed, as well as 235+ tribe members and 15 United States soldiers. 17742 insurgents have been killed or captured.

During 2004, S.A.S. soldiers were ordered to take out a renegade police officer. Two men were caught by the police and taken back to the station. Tempers had already been running high because of an arrest by soldiers who had turned out to be agents working in the Taliban.


Area code 869

Area code 869 is the local telephone area code of Saint Kitts and Nevis. The 869 area code was created during a split from the original (809) area code which was done in October, 1996. Like many Caribbean countries St Kitts uses +1 followed by the area code as the international direct dial phone code.

When in Saint Kitts and Nevis, use the seven digits alone. When calling to Saint Kitts and Nevis from anywhere in the United States or Canada simply dial 1(869) + seven digit phone number.


Metropolitan Police

The Metropolitan Police is the name of the police service for the Metropolitan police district of Greater London.

It covers all of London boroughs, except the City of London. It is the largest of the 52 police forces in the United Kingdom. In 2009, it had about 30000 police officers, more than three times the size of the next largest force.

Network port

A network port is a 16-bit number that identifies one side of a connection between two computers. Computers use port numbers to determine to which process or application a message should be delivered. As network addresses are like street address, port numbers are like suite or room numbers. Any program may use any port, though some port numbers have a standard use and some programs may be limited in which ports they can use for security reasons. Firewalls often block access to ports based on the network address and port of the source or destination computer, or the program using the port (if the firewall is running on the same computer).

False pregnancy

A false pregnancy, hysterical pregnancy or pseudopregnancy is when a mammal shows some of the symptoms associated with a pregnancy, but without being pregnant. False pregnancies commonly occur in dogs and mice. False pregnancy in humans is less common, and usually has psychological causes. False pregnancy is probably caused by changes in the endocrine system of the body, which leads to the secretion of hormones. These hormones are the reason physical changes happen, similar to those during pregnancy. The underlying cause is often mental.

Naomi Campbell

Naomi Eliane Campbell (born 22 May 1970) is a British supermodel and actress who was born in Streatham, a district in Lambeth, London and started her modelling career in the 1980s. She has appeared on over 500 magazine covers.

Naomi was one of six models of her generation declared "supermodels" by the fashion world. As the most famous black model of her time, Campbell has been outspoken throughout her career against the racial bias that exists in the fashion industry. Her personal life is widely reported, particularly her affairs with famous men—including boxer Mike Tyson and actor Robert De Niro—and several high-profile assault convictions.

Campbell is the daughter of Jamaican-born dancer Valerie Morris. In accordance with her mother's wishes, Campbell has never met her father, who abandoned her mother when she was four months pregnant and who went unnamed on her birth certificate. She took the surname Campbell from her mother's second marriage.

During her early years, Campbell lived in Rome, where her mother worked as a modern dancer. Following their return to London, she was left in the care of her maternal grandmother, Ruby, while her mother travelled across Europe with the dance troupe Fantastica. At five years old, Campbell was enrolled at the Barbara Speake Stage School and at the age of ten, she was accepted into the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts, where she studied ballet.

In 1978 Campbell was in the video for "Is This Love" by Bob Marley. When she was 12 she tap-danced in Culture Club's video for "I'll Tumble 4 Ya". In April 1991 Campbell was in the video for "In the Closet" by Michael Jackson. In 1993 Campbell fell over while she walked down the runway for Vivienne Westwood in a pair of foot-high platform shoes. That year she was on the cover of "Vogue" twice.

In September 1994 Campbell released an album called "babywoman". It has sold over a million copies. A novel that she wrote called "Swan" was also published.

Campbell was on the cover of "Playboy" in 2000. In 2011 she was in the music video for "Girl Panic!" by Duran Duran. In 2013 she was a judge on the reality show "The Face".

Blue-ringed octopus

The blue-ringed octopus (genus Hapalochlaena) is the most venomous octopus. This small cephalopod mollusc lives in warm, shallow reefs off the coast of Australia, New Guinea, Indonesia, and the Philippines. It has a life span of about two years. As of 2020, four different species have been described and named. Other species likely exist.

The blue-ringed octopus has distinctive blue rings on its body and on its eight arms. This is its warning colouration, which it shows when attacked. The full warning display is bright yellow with blue rings or lines. It is only about 8 in (20 cm) with the tentacles spread wide. 

It eats crabs, shrimp, and small fish. It hides in the reef, then catches prey with its arms, bites it with its tough beak, and kills it by delivering a poison in the saliva. The poison is a neurotoxin (maculotoxin) that is strong enough to kill a human being.

Plasmodium falciparum

Plasmodium falciparum is a protozoan parasite, one of the species of "Plasmodium" which cause malaria in humans. It is transmitted by the female "Anopheles" mosquito. "P. falciparum" is the most dangerous of these infections as "P. falciparum" (or malignant) malaria has the highest rates of complications and mortality.

There are about 200 species in the genus "Plasmodium", divided into 15 sub-genera. The parasites are partners in a complex co-evolution with mosquitos and land vertebrate species. 

Alexander Kazarsky

Aleksandr Ivanovich Kazarsky () (June 16, 1797 – June 16, 1833) was a Russian Navy officer. He was the hero of the Russo-Turkish War (1828–1829). Kazarsky was the captain of brig Mercury. He became famous after the victory in the battle against two Turkish ships of the line.


A brig and a torpedo boat were named after Alexander Kazarsky.

Chrissie Hynde

Christine Ellen "Chrissie" Hynde (born September 7, 1951 Akron, Ohio) is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. She is a member of the rock band The Pretenders. She has been performing since 1975.

Sandhill crane

The sandhill crane ("Grus canadensis") is a bird that lives in Canada and the northern U.S. It migrates to Mexico and the southern U.S. in winter.

Behind the Paint

Behind the Paint is an autobiography of Joseph Bruce better known as Violent J, one half of the hip-hop group, Insane Clown Posse. The book was published by Psychopathic Records in July of 2003 and had a revised second edition that was released in August 2004. The book is about Bruce's childhood, professional wrestling career, and musical career. Brian Raftery, a writer for "Wired" magazine commented on the book saying: it was a "soul-baring memoir filled with unpleasant details."

Kratts' Creatures

Kratts' Creatures was a 1996 children's television series. The show was about learning about the world of animals. The show produced a spin-off show called "Zooboomafoo" due to "Kratts' Creatures" popularity. Reruns are currently airing on PBS in America.



Lenticular cloud

A lenticular cloud ("Altocumulus lenticularis") is a type of cloud that generally forms at high altitudes. They are shaped like discs and remain roughly in the same position. Because of the way they are shaped, they have been offered as an explanation for some UFO sightings. Lenticular clouds are formed when the wind forces the air up a mountain ridge to where the air is cool enough for water vapor to condense.

Wiz Khalifa

Cameron Jibril Thomaz (born September 8, 1987 in Minot, North Dakota), known by his stage name, Wiz Khalifa, is an American rapper, singer and actor. His stage name comes from Khalifa, an Arabic word meaning "successor", and wisdom, which was shortened to Wiz when Khalifa was a young boy. 

He released his first album, "Show and Prove", in 2006. He signed to Warner Bros. Records in 2007. His Eurodance-influenced single "Say Yeah" received urban radio airplay and entered the Rhythmic Top 40 and Hot Rap Tracks charts in 2008.

In November 2009, Khalifa released his second album, "Deal or No Deal". He released the mixtape "Kush and Orange Juice" as a free download in April 2010. He then signed with Atlantic Records. 

He is also well known for his first single for Atlantic, "Black and Yellow". The single peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. His fist album for Atlantic, "Rolling Papers", was released on March 29, 2011. Khalifa's fourth album "O.N.I.F.C." followed on December 4, 2012. It included the singles "Work Hard, Play Hard" and "Remember You". 

Khalifa released his fourth album "Blacc Hollywood" on August 18, 2014, featuring the lead single "We Dem Boyz". In March 2015, he released the song "See You Again" for the soundtrack of the movie "Furious 7". It peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for 12 weeks.


Patric Hörnqvist

Patric Gösta Hörnqvist (born January 1, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Nashville Predators of the NHL and Djurgårdens IF of the SEL.

Hörnqvist was selected 230th overall in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators. On June 28, 2014, the Predators traded Hörnqvist along with Nick Spaling to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for James Neal.


Jackass (TV series)

Jackass was an American reality television comedy series which was first shown on MTV on October 1, 2000. The series centers around the cast and celebrity guests performing lots of dangerous, crude, ridiculous, and self-injuring stunts and pranks. The show has spawned three movies "", "Jackass 2" and "Jackass 3-D". The show has also made several spin-off shows including "Viva La Bam", "Wildboyz", "Homewrecker", "Dr. Steve-O" and "Blastazoid" and a video game called .



City of London Police

The City of London Police is the police force responsible for law enforcement within the City of London, including the Middle and Inner Temple. 

The service responsible for law enforcement within the rest of Greater London is the Metropolitan Police Service, a separate organisation. 

Nationally, as a result of the Fraud Review 2008, the force was recognised as the lead police force for fraud and granted funding from government to further develop its capabilities nationally and internationally. The police authority is the Corporation of London.

The City of London area has a resident population of 8,043 with 4,421 households. These numbers are increased by the daily influx of approximately 300,000 commuters working in the City, and many tourists. 300,000 cars passing through the square mile a day.

The Force has 1,200 employees, including 813 police officers, 85 Special Constables, 48 Police Community Support Officers and three police stations (in Snow Hill, Wood Street and Bishopsgate). The City of London Police is the smallest territorial police force in England, both in terms of geographic area – the square mile centre of London – and the number of police officers. 

Counter-terrorism is the Force’s top priority, because the threat of terrorist activity to the City, and therefore to the economic and psychological wellbeing of the nation, is a real risk.

The Force is the lead organisation responsible for planning and operating the anti-terrorist measures known as the Ring of Steel. Regular police officers in the Ring of Steel cordon are guarded by other officers armed with Heckler & Koch MP5 semi-automatic submachine guns.

As well as the 'Traffic and Environmental zone' (the Ring of Steel), the Force carries out both high visibility and covert patrols, educates the security staff of City companies, and has an advanced Camera Watch system. There is ANPR (automatic number plate reading) within the City. The Force says "A wide range of unarmed and armed tactics are available to the Force to counter any perceived threat".

Claudia Schiffer

Claudia Schiffer (born 25 August 1970) is a German supermodel and actress. She was born in Rheinberg, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany. Schiffer is one of the world's most successful models. She has appeared on over 500 magazine covers.

Jack Crawford (sailor)

Jack Crawford (22 March 1775–10 November 1831) was a sailor of the Royal Navy. He was most famous for his actions at the Battle of Camperdown in 1797, and so is known as the "Hero of Camperdown."

Crawford was born in the east end of Sunderland. He trained as a keelman until 1786 when he joined the crew of the "Peggy" at South Shields as an apprentice. He was still only 11 or 12 years old. In 1796, he was press-ganged into the Royal Navy and served on HMS "Venerable" under Admiral Duncan, the Royal Navy Commander-in-Chief of the North Seas.

At the Battle of Camperdown (11 October 1797), "Venerable" was Admiral Duncan's flagship. During the battle, part of the "Venerable's" mast was felled, including the admiral's flag. Lowering the Admiral's personal flag was a sign of surrender. Crawford climbed the mast and nailed the colours to the top.

After the victory procession in London he was formally presented to King George III of the United Kingdom and was given a government pension of £30 a year, and later a silver medal from the people of Sunderland. However, Crawford fell on hard times and drunkenness, and had to sell his medal. He became the second victim of the cholera epidemic of 1831 and was buried in an unmarked "pauper's" grave. 

Towards the end of the nineteenth century interest in the 'Hero of Camperdown' was renewed. A headstone was put up in Holy Trinity, Sunderland churchyard in 1888. Two years later a monument was erected in Mowbray Park, opposite what is now the Civic Centre. 

A pub in Monkwearmouth was named the Jack Crawford and sported a carved figure of him on the side of the building. After the pub was destroyed during World War II, the figure was removed. In 1987 it was loaned to Sunderland Museum and put on display in the local history gallery but has been returned to the owner. The Museum holds Jack Crawford in high regard. There was an exhibition about him on the bicentenary of the Battle of Camperdown and there was a display about him in SeaBritain Year (2005). One of the Learning Rooms is named after him and there are several pieces of nineteenth century Jack Crawford commemorative pottery on display in the Pottery Gallery and the silver medal that was presented to him by the Town following the battle in 1797, and given to the Museum by the Earl of Camperdown in 1880, is proudly on display in the Sunderland Heroes section of the Museum Street near the entrance of this award winning Museum.

Outside Sunderland doubt has been raised about Crawford's heroics. Nevertheless, possible evidence that Crawford was not a volunteer, that he was forced to climb the mast, or that he was drunk is ignored by the people of his hometown. One book, written by the American Sheri Holman, attracted criticism from the City's Mayor. However, local historian William Corder had already made the criticism in the 1890s; Corder thought little of Crawford. He claimed that it was reported by reliable witnesses that Crawford was "drunk, acted without orders, and should have been court-martialled". Furthermore, Corder dismissed as a "deplorable monument" what others called the "fine headstone" of 1888.


Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily

Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily (Maria Cristina Amelia Teresa; 17 January 1779 – 11 March 1849) was a Princess of Naples and Sicily and later Queen of Sardinia as wife of Charles Felix of Sardinia. 

She was a daughter of King Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies and his wife Maria Carolina of Austria, a daughter of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria. She was her mother's favourite child.

She was married on 6 April 1807 in Palermo with Prince Charles Felix of Savoy, who became King unexpectedly, when his two elder brothers abdicated, Charles Emmanuel IV of Sardinia in 1802 and Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia in 1821. Till her husband became king, she was styled as the "Duchess of Genevois".

The royal couple were interested in the arts and artists, and turned the Royal House in Agliè and the Villa Rufinella in Frascati into comfortable residences. 

During her husband's reign, they resided at the Palazzo Chiablese, where her husband died in 1831. 

In 1825, the Queen engaged the archaeologist Marquess Luigi Biondi (1776–1839), whose excavation work uncovered Tusculum. In 1839 and 1840, the architect and archaeologist Luigi Canina (1795–1856) was engaged by the royal family and excavated the Theatre area of Tusculum. The ancient works of art excavated were sent to the Duke of Savoy's Castle of Agliè in Piedmont.

Charles Felix died in 1831 after a reign of ten years. Maria Cristina lived the rest of her life in Turin, Naples, Agliè and Frascati, and died in Savona, Liguria. She was buried beside her husband in the Basilica of Superga, Great Mausoleum, Savoy Crypt, Turin, Piedmont, Italy. The couple had no children.


Court-martial

A court martial is a trial by military authorities. "Martial" is a word that is often used instead of military.

Martial law sometimes means, in time of emergency such as wartime, that civilians can be tried by court martial.

Plasmodiidae

The Plasmodiidae are a family of apicomplexan parasites, including the type genus "Plasmodium", which is responsible for malaria. This genus was created in 1903 by Mesnil.

They are one of the four families in the order Haemosporida.

Martha Wainwright

Martha Wainwright (born May 8, 1976) is a Canadian-American folk-rock singer. She is the daughter of singers Loudon Wainwright III and Kate McGarrigle. Her brother Rufus Wainwright is also a well known singer.



Philadelphia Quakers

The Philadelphia Quakers was a professional ice hockey team from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Quakers played in the National Hockey League for only one season, the 1930-31 NHL season. The team started as the Pittsburgh Pirates when the Pirates moved to Philadelphia.

Protest song

A protest song is a song of protest that is part of a movement to change society. Many protest songs have lyrics that directly call for change, while others use humor, irony, or the ballad form to make their point. 

Protest songs can come from just about any type of music. In the 1960s in the United States, many folk musicians such as Phil Ochs, Joan Baez and Bob Dylan made protest songs. Some of these songs were against fighting of the United States in the Vietnam War.

Love. Angel. Music. Baby.

Love. Angel. Music. Baby. is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. Before releasing the album Stefani was the lead singer of a ska and rock band called No Doubt, the album's music was different as it was mainly a mixture of pop, dance and R&B; music that No Doubt hadn't made.



Ben Bernanke

Ben Shalom Bernanke (born December 13, 1953) is an American economist of Jewish descent. He was the Chair of the Federal Reserve, the central bank of the United States.

He won the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 2022.

Carrie Fisher

Carrie Frances Fisher (October 21, 1956 – December 27, 2016) was an American screenwriter, actress and writer. She acted in many movies. Fisher was best known for playing Princess Leia in the "Star Wars" movies. She was also known for her 1987 novel "Postcards from the Edge".

Fisher was born in Beverly Hills, California. She was the daughter of actress Debbie Reynolds and singer Eddie Fisher. Fisher had bipolar disorder. In 2008 her memoir "Wishful Drinking" was published.

Fisher died on December 27, 2016 at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from complications of cardiac arrest caused by sleep apnea along with other drug uses. at age 60. The next day, her mother died of a cerebral hemorrhage. (Z.A)

The Expendables 2

The Expendables 2 is an American action movie. It is the sequel to Sylvester Stallone's 2010 movie, "The Expendables". The movie was released in August 17th, 2012. It got many good reviews and did well at the box office. The movie earned $84.2 million in the United States and Canada and $285.7 million worldwide.


In March 2012, it was announced that "The Expendables 3" might start filming in late 2012, with Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li and the rest of the cast returning for the third movie.
The Expendables 3, was scheduled to begin filming in August 2013. The film sees the return of several cast members and the addition of new ones including Wesley Snipes, Antonio Banderas, Harrison Ford, and Mel Gibson. The Expendables 3 was released theatrically in the United States on August 15th, 2014.


Sylvester Stallone filmography

This is a list of filmography of all of Sylvester ″Sly″ Stallone's most prominent onscreen acting action roles as well as directing, screenwriting, producing and voice acting roles. Also, included in this list are some of Stallone's special cameo appearances and exclusive extra.
American actor, filmmaker, singer, character actor, voice actor, director, movie producer, film producer, and screen writer, Sylvester Sly Stallone has appeared in over seventy-eight films.



Pygmy hippopotamus

The pygmy hippopotamus ("Choeropsis liberiensis") is native to the forests and swamps of West Africa. Most live in Liberia. 

The pygmy hippo is nocturnal. It is one of only two living species in the Hippopotamidae family, the other being its much larger cousin the common hippopotamus.

The pygmy hippopotamus, like its larger cousin, is semi-aquatic. Water keeps its skin moisturized and its body temperature cool. Behaviors such as mating and giving birth may happen in water or on land. 

The pygmy hippo is herbivorous, feeding on ferns, grasses and fruits in the forest.

It is an endangered species. It is rare and has been since the 19th century. It is kept in some zoos.

Ski jumping

Ski jumping is, mostly, a winter sport performed on snow where skiers go down a take-off ramp, jump forward and land as far as possible down the hill below. Judges give points both for length of the jump and for the jump style. The skis used for ski jumping are wide and long (). Ski jumping is a part of the Winter Olympic Games.
True ski jumping originates in Norway in 1809 when a Norwegian lieutenant launched himself 9.5 metres in the air in front of his soldiers. The first widely known ski jumping competition was held in Oslo in 1879, with Olaf Haugann of Norway setting the first world record for the longest ski jump at 20 metres(meters)

Ski jump techniques are divided into four sections; 1) In-run, 2) Take-off (jump), 3) Flight and 4) Landing. In each part the athlete is required to pay attention to and practice a particular technique in order to maximize his or her length and style marks.


Ahura Mazda

Ahura Mazdā (also known as Ohrmazd, Ahuramazda, Hormazd, Aramazd and Azzandara) is the Avestan name for what Zoroastrians believe is the Supreme, the creator of all good and all good things including people.

Angra Mainyu

Zoroastrians believe that Ahura Mazda, the creator of all supreme beings, is opposed by Angra Mainyu or the destructive spirit, the creator of all evil things.

Limousine

Limousines are luxury cars. They are longer than regular cars. The front and rear wheels are far apart. A limousine may have security features such as bulletproof glass.

KT Tunstall

Katherine Victoria "Katie" Tunstall, also known as KT Tunstall (born 23 June 1975), is a Scottish singer and songwriter. She was born in St Andrews, Fife. Her father is Irish; her mother is half-Chinese, half-Scottish. She was adopted when she was 18 days old. She has had many hit songs, including, "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree"'.

Self-synchronizing code

Self-synchronizing code is a special kind of line code that is easy to "synchronize" (having two computers "stay in time with" each other when "communicating"). Code like this happens in telecommunications.

Information on computers is made from binary bits - 0's and 1's (OFFs and ONs). This means that when a computer is being "communicated to", it must "listen" for bits at the correct speed by staying "synchronized", or else there will be a misunderstanding. A computer needs to notice misunderstandings immediately, so that wrong things don't happen.

Confusion can happen when two signals combine or misalign, so it's helpful for different "words" in a code to be "unique" from each other.

Imagine the language only has the words and .

Code B "is" self-synchronizing, because its "words" are very different from each other, and "hard" to confuse with each other.

Imagine the language has the words , , and .

Code B is "not" self-synchronizing, because its "words" are too similar to each other, and "easy" to confuse with each other.

Call of Duty: Black Ops

Call of Duty: Black Ops is a first-person shooter video game made by Treyarch. It is published by Activision. It is available for Xbox 360, Windows , PS3, Wii and most recently, Xbox One.

Within 24 hours of the game going on sale, It sold more than 7 million copies, 5.6 million in the U.S. and 1.4 million in the U.K., breaking the record which was set by its predecessor by 2.5 million copies. The game's setting is in the Cold War. In Cuba, the game has been condemned from release because it features a special forces member trying and failing to kill a young Fidel Castro, killing instead a body-double. The game was also supposed to be banned in Germany because of graphic violence.

There are three modes of play. These are "campaign", "multiplayer" and "zombies".


Pitfall!

Pitfall! is a 1982 platforming video game made by Activision for Atari 2600, Atari 5200, Atari 8-bit, ColecoVision, Commodore 64, Intellivision and the Sega SG-1000. The game was a best seller for the Atari 2600, with over 4 million copies sold.

In this game, the player has to move a character who is known as Harry through a maze-like jungle where he has to attempt to recover 32 treasures in a 20-minute time period. The player has to avoid many hazards including pits, quicksand, rolling logs, fire, rattlesnakes, scorpions, and crocodiles.

Alexei Zhamnov

Alexei Yuryevich Zhamnov (born October 1, 1970 in Moscow, URS) is a Russian retired professional ice hockey centre. He is currently the head coach for the KHL's Vityaz Chekhov. Zhamnov played a combined 14 seasons in the NHL with four teams, 4 while part of the Winnipeg Jets, 8 while part of the Chicago Blackhawks, 1 while part of the Philadelphia Flyers and 1 while part of the Boston Bruins.

Zhamnov was also the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks from 2002-2004.


Jenny McCarthy

Jennifer Ann McCarthy, known as Jenny McCarthy, is an American model, actress, writer and activist. She was born on November 1, 1972 in Evergreen Park, Illinois. She was raised in West Elsdon, Chicago. 

She started her career as a Playboy model in 1993. She later became an actress, comedian, author and autism activist. In 2013 McCarthy hosted a show called "The Jenny McCarthy Show" for one season.

McCarthy has made controversial but unproven claims that vaccines lead to autism. She said that chelation therapy helped cure her son of autism. 

McCarthy married John Mallory Asher in 1999. The couple's son, Evan Joseph was born in 2002. In 2005, Evan was diagnosed with autism. the couple divorced in 2005. She lived with Jim Carrey; the couple split in 2010. She married Donnie Wahlberg in 2014.

Nellee Hooper

Nellee Hooper (born 1963, Bristol, England) is a British producer/remixer/composer best known for his work with Björk, No Doubt/Gwen Stefani, Madonna, Garbage, Andrea Corr, U2, Sneaker Pimps, Soul II Soul and Massive Attack. He also started being a motion picture music composer with famed Scottish composer Craig Armstrong and Marius De Vries for the soundtrack for Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet in 1996.

Hooper began his career as a DJ and as a member of the Wild Bunch, the Bristol-based group that would turn into Massive Attack.

Between 1989 and 1992 he produced the first albums for Soul II Soul ("Club Classics Vol. I"), Massive Attack ("Blue Lines") and Björk ("Debut"), which in 1995 Mixmag magazine ranked the 31st, 1st and 3rd best dance albums of all time.

The 1995 BRIT Awards honored Hooper as Best Producer for his work on Massive Attack's "Protection", Björk's "Post" and Madonna's "Bedtime Stories" albums.

In 1998 he won a BAFTA Award (Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music) for his work arranging the score and soundtrack for Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet.

In the late 1990s Hooper set up the Meanwhile imprint, which is a company part of Virgin Records. 

Hooper continued to work slowly into the 2000s. He received a Grammy nomination in 2003 for his work on No Doubt's "Rock Steady" and Lamya's "Learning From Falling" albums. His other work has included producing the singles "GoldenEye" (1995) for Tina Turner, "Under the Bridge" (1998) for All Saints and "Down Boy" (2002) for Holly Valance, as well as providing remixes for artists like Janet Jackson and Sade.

Most recently he has worked with Gwen Stefani on her solo albums and on U2's 2004 release "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb", for which he won a Grammy Award. He also produced the first solo album of Andrea Corr of The Corrs, entitled "Ten Feet High" which was released on June 25, 2007.

Emma Roberts

Emma Rose Roberts (born February 10, 1991) is an American actress, model and singer. She acted in many movies during the 2000s. She is the daughter of actor Eric Roberts and the niece of actresses Lisa Roberts Gillan and Julia Roberts. Currently she is the lead role in the FOX's horror comedy "Scream Queens" as Chanel Oberlin.

Roberts was born in Rhinebeck, Dutchess County, New York. She is the daughter of actor Eric Roberts and Kelly Cunningham. She is the stepdaughter of Eliza Roberts and Kelly Nickels, and the niece of actresses Julia Roberts and Lisa Roberts Gillan. She has a half sister, Grace Nickels.

The Terror Wheel

The Terror Wheel is the second EP by the American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on August 5, 1994. The producer of the EP was Mike E. Clark. If you called the number featured in the song "Amy's in the Attic" at 6:06 into the song, it would tell you the name of the next Joker's Card, Riddle Box.

Keri Hilson

Keri Lynn Hilson (born December 5, 1982) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She has had many hit singles. Hilson's debut album was released in 2009. Her second studio album was released in 2010. Hilson acted for the first time in the 2012 romantic comedy movie "Think Like a Man".

A Carnival Christmas

A Carnival Christmas is the third EP by the American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on December 6, 1994. The producer of the EP was Mike E. Clark. The EP was a Christmas EP.

Tunnel of Love (EP)

Tunnel of Love is the fourth EP by the American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on June 11, 1996. The producer of the EP was Mike E. Clark. A XXX Version which contained different cover art and a bonus track was also released at the same time.

The Calm

The Calm is the fifth EP by the American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on May 17, 2005. The producer of the EP was Mike E. Clark. The EP peaked at number 32 on the Billboard 200, number 1 on the Top Independent Albums and number 32 on the Top Internet Albums.

Freestyle skiing

Freestyle skiing is an acrobatic form of skiing which is divided into a number of different disciplines. Freestyle skiing first began to be taken seriously in the 1960s and early 1970s. However, some people thought that this style of skiing was too dangerous and did not want it to be an Olympic sport. The free-form sport had few rules and was not without danger; knee injuries became a common case for professional freestylers.

The International Ski Federation (FIS) recognized freestyle as a sport in 1979 and brought in new regulations regarding certification of athletes and jump techniques in an effort to curb the dangerous elements of the competitions. The first World Cup series was staged in 1980 and the first FIS Freestyle World Ski Championship took place in 1986 in Tignes, France. 

London Livery Company

The City of London Livery Companies began as trade associations or trade guilds, which controlled who could carry out certain jobs in the City of London.

Today the companies act mainly as social and charitable groups, because over the centuries the livery companies have lost most rights to control trade, often as statute law applied the same standards across the whole country. Some support schools which were set up in the 1500s. Others sponsor apprentices in colleges and unversities. Some still have a statutory role. For example the Goldsmiths' Company continue to run the London Assay Office where several million articles of gold, silver and platinum are hallmarked each year.

The order of precedence was first set down in 1515 by the Aldermen of the City of London. Forty-eight livery companies then existed. The list was based on the companies' economic or political power.

The first twelve livery companies are known as the "Great Twelve City Livery Companies". There are now 111 livery companies, some very new, so the Order of Precedence is sometimes supplemented.

The Merchant Taylors and the Skinners have always disputed their precedence, so once a year (at Easter) they exchange sixth and seventh place. This is one of the theories for the origin of the phrase "at sixes and sevens", as the master of the Merchant Taylors has said a number of times, although the first use of the phrase may have been before the Taylors and the Skinners decided to alternate their position. Both companies had been founded before the birth of Chaucer, who was one of the first people to use the phrase, so it may have dated from before him.


Two old companies do not intend applying for a grant of the right to wear the special costume or uniform known as a livery.


Two groups intend applying for livery. Both have already been recognised as a "Company without Livery" .


Farrier

A farrier is a person who works with iron, or other materials, to make horseshoes and take care of horse's hooves. They check for signs of disease and make sure the feet are well cared for. 

At one time, a farrier and blacksmith had almost the same job, which can be seen by the etymology of the word: farrier comes from Middle French: "ferrier" ("blacksmith"), from the Latin word "ferrum" ("iron"). Today, farriers usually specialize in horseshoeing, and on the care of the horse's hoof. For this reason farriers and blacksmiths are now known to be different jobs.

By law, in Great Britain, it is illegal for anyone except a registered farrier to call themselves a farrier or to carry out any farriery work under the Farriers (Registration) Act 1975. The main aim of this act is to "prevent and avoid suffering by and cruelty to horses arising from the shoeing of horses by unskilled persons".

The Worshipful Company of Farriers a London Livery Company, was set up in 1356. It still offers diplomas which are recognised qualifications to be a modern farrier.


My Sister's Keeper

My Sister's Keeper is a 2004 novel written by Jodi Picoult. Set in Rhode Island, it tells the story of a 13-year-old girl named Anna Fitzgerald, a "savior sibling", who sues her parents so that they can no longer legally control her medical decisions once she learns she is expected to donate a kidney to her older sister Kate, who is dying from leukemia, cancer of the blood and bone marrow. It is written in first person, from the perspectives of several main characters. In 2008, the book was adapted into a movie.

Anna Fitzgerald's older sister, Kate, suffers from acute promyelocytic leukemia, a cancer of the blood and bone marrow. When Anna's parents learn about Kate's diagnosis, they decide to conceive Anna through artificial selection and in vitro fertilization because nobody in the family is a genetic match to donate organs to Kate. Once Anna is born, her umbilical chord blood was used in treatments for Kate to save her life. Although the treatment was initially successful, Kate relapsed (became sick again). Since then, Anna had been used as a donor for any other bodily substance needed to treat Kate, who continues to swing between remission and relapse as she grows up.

Oracle

An oracle (in ancient Greek times) was a person who was seen as a messenger for the gods. The Oracle of Delphi was the most famous. Oracles would answer questions about the future, and would often speak in riddles. In Ancient Greece oracles lived in temples and people travelled many miles to visit them and seek their advice. The oracles were a part of Greek religion.


Ichthyornis

Ichthyornis (meaning "fish bird") was a tern-like bird which lived 93-83.5 million years ago in the Upper Cretaceous. It lived in flocks, nested on shorelines, and hunted for fish in the Western Interior Seaway, a huge inland sea in what is now North America. 

"Ichthyornis" was about 8 inches (20 cm) long. It had a large head, toothed jaws, and a long beak. This powerful flyer is the oldest-known bird that had a keeled breastbone (sternum) similar to that of modern birds.

"Ichthyornis" was originally found in 1872 in Kansas by Benjamin Franklin Mudge, a professor from Kansas State Agricultural College. Othniel C. Marsh of Yale University described and named the first fossils. Fossils of the bird have been found in Kansas, Texas and Alberta.

Designer baby

The term designer baby is used sometimes, but its meaning is not clear or simple. It means something like "influencing the quality of a child which is not yet born". By this is meant not just health care. The idea is to change the nature, usually the genetics, of the child for the better. There are many technical, social, moral and legal issues connected to this idea. Society has scarcely begun to think about these issues. However, it is now certain that some of these ideas can, in principle, be done.

The following is a brief survey of what might be done. It is not a list of what should or will be done. Some elements are already happening in some parts of the world.

In some parts of the world there is a strong preference for male children. If that were widely gratified, it would probably have considerable unplanned effects on those societies. However, technically, it is simple to arrange so long as a good local health service is present.

The technique is as follows. A sample of the father's sperm is spun in a centrifuge. Sperms carrying an X-chromosome are heavier than sperm carrying a Y-chromosome. The male-causing sperm end up at the top of the plug of sperm in the test-tube. Sperm from the top of the tube are inserted into the mother. This greatly increases the chance of the mother conceiving a male child.

Another method is to conceive normally, but abort any foetus which is female. The sex of a baby is discovered by recovering cells from the sac covering the foetus. This procedure is standard, and is called amniocentesis.

Recent studies have discovered that amniotic fluid is a rich source of stem cells.

A benefit of getting amniotic stem cells is that risk to the foetus is low. These stem cells would also, if used to treat the same individual they came from, sidestep the donor/recipient issue which has so far stymied all attempts to use donor-derived stem cells in therapies.

Artificial heart valves, working tracheas, as well as muscle, fat, bone, heart, neural and liver cells have all been engineered through use of amniotic stem cells. Tissues got from amniotic cell lines show promise for patients suffering from congenital diseases/malformations of the heart, liver, lungs, kidneys, and cerebral tissue.

The first amniotic stem cells bank in the US is active in Boston, Massachusetts. The relevance of this is that a stock of stem cells creates the possibility of surgical corrections or replacements during the life of the individual.

The one area where there is, on balance, a consensus is the need to identify serious defects in a foetus before birth. This is now routine in many countries. The definition of "serious" would certainly include defects which make life of the foetus (if born) so defective that its life would be troubled and short. Some conditions, like triple-21 Down's syndrome, are often not that serious. In many cases, the parents' wishes decide whether or not an abortion will be carried out.

A complete sequence analysis of an individual's DNA is possible, and costs about $5,000 US dollars. It is not yet done routinely, but it is going to become widespread. If the genetics of both parents is well understood, the possibilities for the foetus are well defined. Already, counselling is given to parents who have already had a defective baby. DNA analysis would allow problems to be spotted in advance.

Already, from the cells recovered by amniotic contuses, chromosome defects like triple-21 can be seen under the microscope. DNA analysis takes this a step further. The only limitation to the analysis is our ability to understand the function of the various genes. Our understanding is limited at present, but we do understand in great detail the causes of "some" important genetic defects.

Until recently, the only practical action was to offer abortion to the mother. This is a legal alternative in some countries. However, the coming of genetic engineering offers the potential for actually fixing the defects in the genes of a foetus.

Ways are being developed to change the genetic make-up of a living being. Several Nobel prizes have been awarded in the last ten or so years research related to this idea. Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for:


Heron

Herons are wading birds in the "Ardeidae" family. There are 64 recognised species in this family. Some are called egrets or bitterns instead of herons.
In the family, all members of the genera "Botaurus" and "Ixobrychus" are called bitterns: they are a monophyletic group within the Ardeidae.

On the other hand, egrets are not a biologically distinct group. They are called egrets because they are mainly white and/or have decorative plumes. Although egrets have the same build as the larger herons, they tend to be smaller.

The classification of the individual heron/egret species is difficult, and there is no clear consensus about the placement of many species into either of the two major genera, "Ardea" and "Egretta".

Although herons look like birds in some other families, such as the storks, ibises and spoonbills, they differ from these in flying with their necks retracted, not outstretched. They are also one of the bird groups that have 'powder down'.

Some members of this group nest colonially in trees; others, notably the bitterns, use reedbeds.

Other examples:

Debbie Gibson

Deborah Ann Gibson (born August 31, 1970 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She was very popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s and had many hit songs. In 1988 she became the youngest artist to write, produce, and perform a #1 single on the Billboard Hot 100, with her song "Foolish Beat". She remains the youngest female to write, record, and perform a #1 single.

Although never married, Gibson was once engaged to Jonathan Kanterman.

On January 6, 2008 Gibson was on "Deal or No Deal" along with Corey Feldman as part of an 1980s special.

Gibson co-starred with actor Lorenzo Lamas in the low-budget movie "Mega Shark Versus Giant Octopus". It was released on May 19, 2009. This movie had 2 million viewers on Syfy in 2009. The movie premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. Gibson's former music rival Tiffany had her movie "Necrosis" (a.k.a. "Blood Snow") premiere at the Cannes as well.

Tiffany and Debbie Gibson starred in a Syfy original movie called "Mega Python vs. Gatoroid". It aired on January 29, 2011. The pairing was at the suggestion of Tiffany, who wanted to play off their supposed rivalry.

Gibson made a cameo appearance in the 2012 movie "Rock of Ages" in the ("We're Not Gonna Take It"/"We Built This City") face-off.




Serotonin

Serotonin is a neurotransmitter. Its chemical name is 5-Hydroxytryptamine or 5-HT. It is derived from tryptophan. Serotonin is found in all vertebrates, mainly in the gastrointestinal tract, blood platelets and central nervous system. Its name is derived from its effect on blood pressure: serotonin is a part of the "serum" which regulates the "tonus" of blood vessels.

Serotonin does several jobs within the human body. Unlike dopamine, serotonin causes happiness, while dopamine causes pleasure. It is believed to regulate mood, intestinal activity and appetite, memory, and sleep. Many antidepressant medications are thought to work by increasing the levels of serotonin in the body. Some non-medical treatments for depression have also been shown to raise serotonin levels.

Serotonin is also found in insect venom, fungi and plants. Its presence in the seeds of many fruits helps speed those seeds through the digestive tract of animals that consume them. In insect venom, it causes pain, and sometimes death, through its effect on smooth muscle contraction.

Serotonin is involved in social rank. A lobster injected with serotonin behaves like an alpha male.

Ibis

The ibises (collective plural ibis; classical plurals ibides and ibes) are a group of long-legged wading birds in the family Threskiornithidae. This family also includes the spoonbills.

They all have long down curved bills, and usually feed as a group, probing mud for food items, usually crustaceans. Most species nest in trees, often with spoonbills or herons.

The word ibis comes from Greek and Latin, and probably from the Ancient Egyptian. According to Josephus, Moses employed ibes against serpents during a desert campaign into Ethiopia in his early life. Pliny the Elder also recounted, "The Egyptians invoked ibes against the serpents."

Ancient Egyptians would make ibises into mummies and offer them to the god Thoth, whom they drew and carved with the head of an ibis. Egyptologists have found many thousands of ibis mummies in tombs. In 2019, scientists looked at the DNA from the ibis mummies and from living ibises around Africa and came to believe that the ibises that were made into mummies were not caught in the wild. Instead, ancient Egyptians fed the ibises in large lakes near their temples and caught them when they wanted them.

Molineux Stadium

Molineux Stadium is a football stadium in Wolverhampton, England. It is the current home stadium of the Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.. The stadium was built in 1889 and was opened that same year. The total number of people that can be seated is about 31,700, although the view from some seats in the Stan Cullis stand are restricted by the Steve Bull stand roof until it is redeveloped, due to this they are never sold. The stadium has also hosted the England internationals and, more recently, the England under-21 internationals, and the UEFA Cup Final in 1972.

Spoonbill

Spoonbills are a group of large, long-legged wading birds in the family Threskiornithidae, which also includes the Ibises.

All have large, flat, spatulate bills and feed by wading through shallow water, sweeping the partly-opened bill from side to side. The moment any small aquatic creature touches the inside of the bill—an insect, crustacean, or tiny fish—it is snapped shut. Spoonbills generally prefer fresh water to salt but are found in both environments. They need to feed many hours each day.

Spoonbills are monogamous, but, so far as is known, only for one season at a time. Most species nest in trees or reed-beds, often with ibises or herons.

The Hawthorns

The Hawthorns is a football stadium in West Bromwich, Sandwell, England. It is the current home stadium of the West Bromwich Albion F.C.. The stadium was built in 1900 and opened in that same year. The total number of people who can seat in the stadium is about 26,500. The stadium is also near The Hawthorns station which provides transportation to the stadium. It is the highest ground above sea level in England. The four stands at the ground are called the East Stand, the Birmingham Road, the West Stand (formerly Halfords Lane) and the Smethwick End.

TrES-4b

TrES-4 is an exoplanet. It orbits around the star GSC 02620-00648. The planet is 4.5 million miles from its sun. Being this close to its sun, the year on TrES-4 about three days long. This makes the temperature on the planet very hot. In fact, the temperature on TrES-4 is about 2,300 degrees Fahrenheit (1,260 degrees Celsius).

TrES-4 is a gas giant that is 70 percent bigger than Jupiter. However, the planet is only as dense as cork. At the time of its discovery, TrES-4b was the largest known planet in the universe.

The planet was found by Georgi Mandushev at the Lowell Observatory in Arizona. Mandushev discovered the planet as a part of the Trans-Atlantic Exoplanet Survey project.

TrES-4 was discovered using the transit method. When an exoplanet passes between its sun and the Earth, astronomers can see a change in light from the star.

Oxpecker

The oxpeckers are the two species of bird which make up the family Buphagidae.

Oxpeckers are endemic to the savanna of Sub-Saharan Africa. Their names come from their habit of perching on large mammals (both wild and domesticated) such as cattle or rhinoceroses, and eating ticks, botfly larvae, and other parasites.

According to the more recent studies of phylogeny, the oxpeckers are an ancient line related to the Mimidae (mockingbirds, thrashers &c.) and starlings, but not particularly close to either.

Considering the known biogeography (distribution) of these groups, the most plausible explanation seems that the oxpecker lineage originated in Eastern or Southeastern Asia like the other two. This would make the two species of "Buphagus" something like living fossils.

Oxpeckers feed exclusively on the backs of large mammals. Certain species seem preferred, whereas others, like the Lichtenstein's hartebeest or topi are generally avoided. The smallest regularly used species is the impala, probably because of the heavy tick load and social nature of that species. In many parts of their range they now feed on cattle, but avoid camels. They feed on ectoparasites, particularly ticks, as well as insects infecting wounds and the flesh and blood of some wounds as well.

Oxpecker/mammal interactions are the subject of some debate and ongoing research. They were originally thought to be an example of mutualism, but recent evidence suggests that oxpeckers may be parasites instead. Oxpeckers do eat ticks, but often the ticks that have already fed on the ungulate host and there has been no proven statistically significant link between oxpecker presence and reduced ectoparasite load . However one study of impalas found that impalas which were used by oxpeckers spent less time grooming themselves suggesting they had fewer parasites. Oxpeckers have been seen opening new wounds and worsening existing ones in order to drink the blood of their perches . Oxpeckers also feed on the earwax and dandruffs of mammals, although less is known about the benefits of this to the mammal, it is suspected that this is also a parasitic behaviour. Some oxpecker hosts are intolerant of their presence. Elephants and some antelope will actively dislodge the oxpeckers when they land. Other species tolerate oxpeckers while they search for ticks on the face, what one author described as "appear[ing] ... to be an uncomfortable and invasive process."

The Swahili language word for oxpecker is "Askari wa kifaru," which means "the rhino's guard" in English. A team of scientists from California State University and Victoria University in Australia wondered if oxpeckers really did help guard the rhinos. They found that the black rhinoceros listens for the noises the oxpecker makes. Rhinoceros cannot see well but oxpeckers can. When an oxpeckers sees a human, it makes a noise. It does not make this noise at any other time. The rhinos hear this noise and then either look for the human or run away. The scientists performed an experiment: A human would slowly walk toward a rhino. Rhinos without oxpeckers on their backs only noticed the human one out of five times, but rhinos with oxpeckers noticed the human every time and from much further away. The scientists wondered if bringing flocks of oxpeckers to groups of rhinoceros without them would help the rhinos avoid human hunters.

Elimination Chamber (2011)

Elimination Chamber (2011) (also known as No Way Out (2011) in Germany) was the second annual Elimination Chamber professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on February 20, 2011 at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, California. John Cena, who was the winner of the Raw Elimination Chamber match received a WWE Championship match at WrestleMania XXVII against The Miz. Edge, who was the winner of the SmackDown Elimination Chamber match won the World Heavyweight Champion.


Dnipro

Dnipro (, , Dnepr), called Dnipropetrovsk until May 2016 ( ; Dnepropetrovsk) is a city in Ukraine and is the third largest city in Ukraine. About 1 million people live there. It lies southeast of Ukraine's capital city, Kyiv. It was founded in 1776. Dnipro enjoys a borderline semi-arid/Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification "BSh/Csa"), with relativity mild temperatures and plentiful sunshine year-round.

Dnipro is one of the key places for the nuclear, arms and space industries of the former Soviet Union.

Suez

Suez (, Egyptian pronunciation "Es Suwais") is a town in Northern Egypt, on the coast of the Gulf of Suez. Almost 750.000 people live in the city. The city is the southern terminus of the Suez Canal. It has two harbours, and a large seaport. An oil refinery is in Suez. Highways and railroad tracks connect Suez to the cities of Cairo, Port Said and Ismailia.

Mae Young

Johnnie Mae Young (March 12, 1923 – January 14, 2014) is an American female professional wrestler and is also a WWE Ambassador. She is probably best known for wrestling for the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E). She helped increase the popularity of women wrestling during World War II and has trained many wrestlers.

She is the only professional wrestler to compete in documented matches in nine different decades, having her first match in 1939 and her last match in 2010.

She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2008. She was best friends with fellow wrestler The Fabulous Moolah whom she appeared with on WWF/E television with as a comedic duo. 

On December 30th, 2013, she was hospitalized with an undisclosed illness and was placed on life support. On January 9th, 2014, she was taken off life support and was placed under hospice care at home.



Ismaïlia

Ismailia () is a city in Egypt, on the Suez Canal. Ismailia is the capital of the Governorate with the same name. The city has a population of approximately 750,000. It is approximately halfway between Port Said to the north and Suez to the south. The Canal widens at this point to include Lake Timsah, one of the Bitter Lakes.

Khedive Ismail the Magnificent founded the city in 1863, when the Canal was constructed. The city is named after him. The head office of the Suez Canal Authority is in Ismaïlia at the shore of Lake Timsah. Many of the buildings that were built when the British and French were involved in running the canal are still standing. Some of them are still being used by Canal employees and officials.

Sela Ward

Sela Ann Ward (born July 11, 1956) is an American Emmy and Golden Globe Award winning movie and television actress. She was in the NBC television series "Sisters". She acted in the CBS television series "". 

Ward was born in Meridian, Mississippi

Eye of the Storm (EP)

Eye of the Storm is the sixth EP by the American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on August 20, 2007.

Cattle egret

The cattle egret ("Bubulcus ibis") is a cosmopolitan species of heron (family Ardeidae) found in the tropics, subtropics and warm temperate zones.

It is the only member of the genus Bubulcus, with two subspecies, the western cattle egret and the eastern cattle egret. It is a stocky white bird adorned with buff plumes in the breeding season. It nests in colonies, usually near bodies of water and often with other wading birds.

Unlike most other herons, it feeds in relatively dry grassy habitats, often with cattle or other large mammals. It catches insect and small vertebrate prey disturbed by these animals. It also captures ticks and flies from cattle.

Originally native to parts of Asia, Africa and Europe, it has undergone a rapid expansion in its distribution and successfully colonised much of the rest of the world. This is because humans now raise domesticated cattle throughout most of the world. Some populations of the Cattle Egret are migratory and others disperse after breeding.

It can be a safety hazard at airfields, and has been implicated in the spread of tick-borne animal diseases.

The cattle egret has undergone one of the most rapid and wide reaching natural expansions of any bird species.

It was originally native to parts of Southern Spain and Portugal, tropical and subtropical Africa and humid tropical and subtropical Asia. In the end of the 19th century it began expanding its range into southern Africa, first breeding in the Cape Province in 1908.

Cattle egrets were first sighted in the Americas on the boundary of Guiana and Suriname in 1877, having apparently flown across the Atlantic Ocean. It was not until the 1930s that the species is thought to have become established in that area.

The species first arrived in North America in 1941 (these early sightings were originally dismissed as escapees), bred in Florida in 1953, and spread rapidly, breeding for the first time in Canada in 1962. It is now commonly seen as far west as California. It was first recorded breeding in Cuba in 1957, in Costa Rica in 1958, and in Mexico in 1963, although it was probably established before that.

In Europe the species had historically declined in Spain and Portugal, but in the latter part of the 20th century it expanded back through the Iberian Peninsula, and then began to colonise other parts of Europe; southern France in 1958, northern France in 1981 and Italy in 1985. Breeding in the United Kingdom was recorded for the first time in 2008 only a year after an influx seen in the previous year. In 2008 cattle egrets were also reported as having moved into Ireland for the first time.

In Australia the colonisation began in the 1940s, with the species establishing itself in the north and East of the continent. It began to regularly visit New Zealand in the 1960s.

Since 1948 the cattle egret has been permanently resident in Israel. Prior to 1948 it was only a winter visitor.
The massive and rapid expansion of the cattle egret's range is due to its relationship with humans and their domesticated animals. Originally adapted to a commensal relationship with large browsing animals, it was easily able to switch to domesticated cattle and horses. As livestock keeping spread throughout the world it was able to occupy otherwise empty niches.

The bird feeds on a wide range of prey, particularly insects, especially grasshoppers, crickets, flies (adults and maggots), and moths, as well as spiders, frogs, and earthworms.

The species is usually found with cattle and other large grazing and browsing animals, and catches small creatures disturbed by the mammals. Studies have shown that Cattle Egret foraging success is much higher when foraging near a large animal than when feeding singly. When foraging with cattle, it has been shown to be 3.6 times more successful in capturing prey than when foraging alone. Its performance is similar when it follows farm machinery, but it is forced to move more.

Merginae

The Merginae or seaducks are a subfamily of the Anatidae, the duck, goose and swan family of birds.

As the name suggests, most are marine outside the breeding season. Many species have specialized salt glands to allow them to tolerate salt water, but these have not yet developed in young birds. Some species prefer riverine habitats.

Boundary Park

Boundary Park is a football stadium in Oldham, England. As of 2021, it is the home stadium of the Oldham Athletic A.F.C. and the Oldham Roughyeds. The stadium was built in 1904. It opened August 1, 1904. The total seating capacity of the stadium is about 10,638.

Immigration to Canada

Immigration to Canada is a way that people from other countries can move to Canada. Some laws about this include the Immigration Act 1976, and the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act 2002.

Canada lets many people move to Canada. Because of this, there are some high percentages of non-Canadians in ethnicity results.

Even after Canadian colonization by the United Kingdom and France, there have been many other people coming to Canada in large groups.

In the 1700s, the French were settling in Quebec and Acadia, followed by some American and European movement.

After the American Revolution ended many Americans loyal to Britain went to Canada as it was the last main territory in North America still loyal to the Crown.

The War of 1812 promoted British and Irish immigration to Canada. Some British officers went to Canada, fearing that the Americans would invade Canada. While Irish immigration was still high, eventually some went to the United States.

Others went to Canada from America, especially during the Klondike Gold Rush.

This time, many people went to Canada from Europe. A large spike in the third group was pre-World War I.

This group saw an increase in Asian immigrants.

Glans

The glans (Latin for "acorn") is a vascular structure on the tip of the penis in men or a homologous genital structure of the clitoris in women.


Lessepsian migration

Lessepsian migration is the name given for the migration of marine species through the Suez Canal, between the Red Sea and the Mediterranean. 

It is named after Ferdinand de Lesseps, who built the Suez Canal. The Suez Canal joined two biospheres that were separate before. Many species migrated from the Red Sea to the Eastern Mediterranean. Only a few species migrated in the other direction, from the Mediterranean to the Red Sea. The migration can be seen most clearly when looking at fish species, even though other animals also migrated.

When the Suez Canal was opened in 1869, it created the first salt-water passage between the Red Sea and the Mediterranean. The Bitter Lakes are two very salty (hypersaline) lakes about mid-way in the canal. At first, this blocked the migration of species from the Red Sea to the Mediterranean. Over the last decades, the salinity of the lakes changed, which made it easier for species to migrate. 

The Red Sea is higher than the Mediterranean, at high tide, water flows from the Red Sea to the Mediterranean. The Red Sea is also poor in nutrients, so species who migrate will find more nutrients. The waters of the Red Sea are saltier than that of the Mediterranean. For these reasons, most species migrate from the Red Sea to the Mediterranean, and only very few migrate in the other direction.

When the Aswan High Dam was built in the 1960s, this blocked the flow of freshwater from the Nile into the Mediterranean. As a result, the salinity levels in the Eastern Mediterranean increase, and make it much more like the Red Sea – this means that migration will become even easier, as conditions are very similar. 

Invasive species coming from the Red Sea and introduced into the Mediterranean by the construction of the canal have become a major component of the Mediterranean ecosystem. They have serious impacts on the Mediterranean ecology, endangering many local and endemic Mediterranean species. To this day, about 300 species native to the Red Sea have been identified in the Mediterranean Sea, and there are probably others still unidentified. 

The Egyptian government announced it plans to deepen and widen the canal. This announcement has raised concerns from marine biologists, who fear that this will worsen the invasion of Red Sea species into the Mediterranean, and make the crossing of the canal easier for additional species.

Today, the term "Lessepsian migration" is used more broadly for any migration of animals over man-made structures.

Stuyvesant Town–Peter Cooper Village

Stuyvesant Town–Peter Cooper Village is a large, private community where people live. It is on the east side of Manhattan, a borough in New York City. It is one of the most and successful post-World War II private housing communities. Stuyvesant Town is known to its residents as "Stuy Town". It was named after Peter Stuyvesant, the last Director-General of the Dutch colony of New Amsterdam, whose farm occupied the site in the seventeenth century. Peter Cooper Village is named after Peter Cooper, a 19th-century industrialist, inventor and philanthropist. Cooper also founded Cooper Union.

The complex was planned beginning in 1942. It opened its first building in 1947. It replaced several very big gas storage tanks.

The complex has many red brick apartment buildings. They stretch from First Avenue to Avenue C between 14th and 23rd Streets. It covers about of land. Some of this land is also playground land or parkland. Between 14th and 20th Street is Stuyvesant Town. It has 8,757 apartments in 89 residential buildings. Peter Cooper Village is between 20th and 23rd Streets. The complex has a total of 110 residential buildings, 11,250 apartments, and over 25,000 people living in it.

The East River and Avenue C is on the east, the Gramercy Park neighborhood on the west, the East Village and Alphabet City to the south, and Kips Bay to the north. To the west is a historic two-block park. Around the park is Stuyvesant Square, Saint George's Church, and the Beth Israel Medical Center.

Keri Russell

Keri Lynn Russell (born March 23, 1976 in Fountain Valley, California) is an American actress. She has starred in many movies for both the cinema and television. She starred in the television series "Felicity" from 1998 to 2002. Russell won a Golden Globe for "Best Actress in a Drama Series" in 1999.

Russell has been in a relationship with Matthew Rhys since 2014. They had their first child together in 2016.

Constitution of Pakistan

One of the most pressing tasks for the new government of Pakistan after the Bangladesh Liberation War was to draft a new constitution. When martial law was finally lifted, the Assembly was summoned in April 1972 on the basis of the 1970 election result in the former west Pakistan region. A committee was set up from a cross-section of politicians from different parties. There were disagreements within the committee to whether the new constitution should bring in parliamentary rule or a presidential system of government. There were also differing views over the question of provincial autonomy. It took the constitutional committee eight months before it submitted its report on 10th April 1973. 

The draft constitution was passed by the federal Assembly by 135 votes in favour, with three abstentions. It was brought into force on 14th August 1973, and Bhutto was elected prime minister by the National Assembly on 12th August. 
The Constitution's main features were:

I. Pakistan shall be a Federal Republic with a Parliamentary system of government. The prime minister shall be the head of government, elected from the majority party.

II. The special position of Islam as the state religion shall be emphasized and both the prime minister and president are required to be Muslims.

III. Pakistan shall be declared an Islamic republic by default.

IV. A bill to amend the constitution shall need a two-thirds majority in the lower house and a majority in the upper house.

V. All fundamental human rights shall be guaranteed but the stipulation was added that it was subject to reasonable restrictions imposed by law'.

VI. The supreme court and High Courts shall be given the power to enforce fundamental rights.

VII. The president shall act in accordance with the binding advice of the prime minister, and all orders of president shall be counter signed by the prime minister.

VIII. The senate, or upper house, shall be elected mostly from the provincial governments and so, for the first time, the interests of the provinces shall be safeguarded at the centre. The Senate shall not be dissolved even in emergencies.

IX. In case of emergencies, the federal government can pass legislation on anything and can even suspend fundamental freedoms.

X. Urdu shall be the official language of the country, with Pakistani language to be retained for the next 15 years.

Xl. The teaching of holy Quran and Islamiat should be compulsory.

XlI. Pakistan shall be a federal lslamic state, so residuary powers shall rest with provinces not the central government.
The 1973 Constitution marked a return to a parliamentary form of democracy after the presidential experiment introduced under the 1962 constitution. There were also concessions made to the provinces to alleviate fears that the central government would overrule them on every issue. This was important as the one unit scheme had only recently been abolished and because 2 of the 4 provincial governments in the new state of were non-PPP. The 1973 Constitution, however, had another advantage over its two predecessors: it had been agreed and voted on by a democratically elected Assembly. This gave it greater authority even though it was suspended under the next martial law regime. Since independence, Pakistan has devised and changed three written constitutions and the fourth one was drawn up and it was restored on the 30th of December in 1985 and remains in place to date. 

Aleutian Islands

The Aleutian Islands (; possibly from Chukchi "aliat", "island") are a chain of more than 300 small volcanic islands. 

They are in the Northern Pacific Ocean. They are spread out over an area of 6,821 sq mi (17,666 km²) and go out about west from the Alaska Peninsula toward the Kamchatka Peninsula. They mark a line between the Bering Sea and the Pacific Gulf of Alaska. Crossing longitude 180°, they are the furthest West part of the United States Nearly all the islands are part of Alaska but at the extreme western end are the Commander Islands which are in Russia. The islands, with their 57 volcanoes, are in the northern part of the Pacific Ring of Fire. The Alaska Marine Highway passes through the islands.

About 8,200 people live in 11 towns or villages on seven islands of the US part. About 600 people live in the Russian part of the islands. 

Yarlung Tsangpo

Yarlung River is a watercourse that originates upstream from the South Tibet Valley and the Yarlung Zangbo Grand Canyon, in Southern Tibet. It then passes through the province of Assam, Republic of India, where it is known as the Dihang.

<br>

<br>

Yarlung Zangbo Grand Canyon

The Yarlung Zangbo Grand Canyon () or simply the Tsangpo Canyon or Tsangpo Gorge, along the Yarlung Tsangpo River in Tibet, China, is regarded by some as the deepest canyon in the world, and is slightly longer than the Grand Canyon, making it one of the world's largest.

Clay Matthews III

William Clay Matthews III (born May 14, 1986 in Northridge, California) is an American former football outside linebacker. He played eleven seasons in the for National Football League (NFL). He played for the Green Bay Packers and Los Angeles Rams. During his time with the Packers, Matthews helped them win Super Bowl XLV.

Matthews was drafted out of the University of Southern California by the Green Bay Packers with the 26th pick in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Matthews is the son of former NFL player Clay Matthews, Jr. and his uncle is Bruce Matthews who also played in the NFL.

On September 27, 2022, Matthews announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.


Lea Thompson

Lea Katherine Thompson (born May 31, 1961) is an American actress. She acted in the 1983 movie "All the Right Moves" and the 1990s sitcom "Caroline in the City". She also starred in many made for television movies. 

Thompson was born in Rochester, Minnesota. Both she and her older brother Andrew Thompson took ballet classes as children. Both became dancers with major dance companies--Andrew with the Colorado Ballet and Lea with the American Ballet Theatre. After Lea had many injuries and Mikail Baryshnikov told her she didn't have the ideal body, she left professional ballet to become an actress. 

Rallidae

The rails, or Rallidae, are a large family of small to medium-sized birds. The rails are related to cranes, and both are in the order Gruiformes.

The family is diverse, and includes the crakes, coots, and gallinules. Many species are associated with wetlands, although the family is found in every terrestrial habitat except dry deserts, polar regions and alpine areas above the snow line. The Rallidae are found on every continent except Antarctica. There are numerous island species. The most common habitats are marshland or dense forest. They like dense vegetation.<Hor/>

There are many rails on islands, and they are often flightless.

The wings of all rails are short and rounded. Their flight is not powerful, but can continue for long periods, and many species migrate annually. The weakness of their flight means they are easily blown off course, so they are common vagrants. This has led them to colonize many isolated oceanic islands. Furthermore, these birds often prefer to run rather than fly, especially in dense shrub or woodland habitats. Some are also flightless at some time during their moult period.

Many island rails are flightless because on a small island without threatening predators they do not need to fly or move long distances. Flight makes intense demands, with the keel and flight muscles taking up to a quarter of a bird's weight. Reducing the flight muscles lowers the metabolic demands, and reduces the flightless rail's energy needs. For this reason, flightlessness makes it easier to survive and colonize an island where resources may be limited. Flightlessness can evolve extremely rapidly in island rails; it took as little as 125,000 years for the Laysan rail to lose the power of flight and evolve the reduced, stubby wings only useful to keep balance when running quickly.

Tim Masthay

Tim Masthay (born March 16, 1987 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American football punter for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). Masthay was not drafted but started his football career in 2009 with the Indianapolis Colts when he was part of their practice squad. Masthay's father, Dr. Mark Masthay is a chairman of the chemistry department at the University of Dayton and his mother is the Executive Director of TriState Habitat for Humanity in Cincinnati, Ohio.


All Pakistan Muslim League

The All-Pakistan Muslim League, is a political party in Pakistan founded by Pervez Musharraf in Karachi, Pakistan, in 2010, . The party was registered at the Election Commission.

All Parties Hurriyat Conference

The All Parties Hurriyat Conference (APHC) (formed March 10, 1993) is a political front formed as an alliance of 26 political, social and religious organizations in Kashmir. It was formed achieving the right of self-determination according to United Nations Security Council Resolution 47. "Hurriyat" in Koshur (as well as in Arabic from which the word is loaned, Urdu and Persian) means "liberty". Tabish Bhat was elected its leader in January 2010.

The primary objective of Hurriyat Conference is to have Islamic governance in Jammu & Kashmir and liberating the regions from India to Pakistan.

Matt Turk

Matthew Edward Turk (born June 16, 1968 in Greenfield, Wisconsin) is a former American football punter that played 18 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). Turk was not drafted but started his football career in 1995 with the Washington Redskins.

He played for the Washington Redskins from 1995 to 1999, the Miami Dolphins from 2000 to 2001, the New York Jets in 2002, the Miami Dolphins again from 2003 to 2005, the St. Louis Rams in 2006, the Houston Texans from 2007 to 2010, the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2011 and the Houston Texans again in 2011. 


Anthurium

Anthurium is a large plant genus of about one thousand species, belonging to the arum family (Araceae). Anthurium can also be called "Flamingo Flower" or "Boy Flower", both referring to the structure of the spathe and spadix.

The species has neotropical distribution; mostly in wet tropical mountain forest of Central America and South America, but some in semi-arid environments. 

Wynonna Judd

Wynonna Ellen Judd (born Christina Claire Ciminella; May 30, 1964) is an American singer and songwriter. She was born in Ashland, Kentucky. She first rose to fame during the 1980s as part of the duo The Judds with her mother Naomi Judd, who was also a singer. The duo had seven albums via Curb Records. Wynonna has had many solo albums. In 1992 she had her first number one album on Billboard's Top Country Albums.

Wynonna's half-sister is actress Ashley Judd. She was married to Arch Kelley from 1996 to 1999, with whom she has two children. She was later to married to D. R. Roach from 2003 until 2007 and to Cactus Moser as of 2012.


Blades of Glory

Blades of Glory is a 2007 American sports comedy movie that was produced by Ben Stiller, Stuart Cornfeld and John Jacobs and was directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck. Blades of Glory was given a 69% Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 64 out of 100 rating on Metacritic. Blades of Glory grossed $33,014,202 on its opening weekend with 3,372 theaters, beating Disney's Meet the Robinsons to be the number 1 film. Voice clips from the movie are featured in the 2011 song, "Niggas in Paris" by Jay-Z and Kanye West.



Autobiography of Mark Twain

The Autobiography of Mark Twain or "Mark Twain’s Autobiography" is a book by Mark Twain, (the pen name of Samuel Langhorne Clemens). It has many stories about his life in it. Twain did not write and publish the book in the usual way. He told the stories and they were written down for him. The book was published in November 2010, one hundred years after his death.

According to Harriet Smith, editor of the book, some of the manuscripts of Twain’s autobiography are handwritten by him but most are transcripts of what he said. These were created on typewriters by helpers such as his secretaries and his youngest daughter. There are three versions of much of the autobiography, including the original. There was a copy used to send 25 sections of the book, one at a time, to be published in "North American Review". Then a copy was used for Albert Paine’s 1924 edition of the book. Clemens proofread them all. Into his vocal dictations, he often inserted earlier manuscripts he wrote and also letters, newspaper clippings and other documents.

In Harriet Smith’s 2010 edition, Clemens instructions are not always followed. For example, she did not insert his article about the survivors of the sunken ship in his February 20, 1906 dictation. Also, she did not include in the January 12, 1906 dictation the illustrated magazine about his 70th birthday dinner. Mistakes that were made are just pointed out in the book’s explanatory notes instead of being changed to be correct. She has made some changes to bad spelling and adding missing prepositions to fix the grammar. She does not correct grammar when the text would lose the spoken style. For example, she believes “. . . the world’s sympathy and compassion are with her, where it belongs” is bad grammar but does not correct it.

Larry Rohter in his July 9, 2010 review in "The New York Times" describes Twain as a Colonel Sanders without the chicken who told stories, whose books "Huck Finn" and "Tom Sawyer" he had to read in high school. In writing his autobiography, Twain spoke his recollections and opinions to his secretary for a more natural, frank, colloquial tone than if he had written them down. Twain died on April 21, 1910. He was 74 years old. The content of his 500,000 word autobiography is published in the random order he wrote it, and that is the way he wanted it to be. Previous editions of the work have put things in chronological order. They have also censored it for interest and propriety. This edition, published over 100 years after his death, has the material in the order he wrote it and uncensored. The University of California Press published it in three volumes. 5% of the first volume was never published before, and about 50% of all three volumes was never published before. Twain claims some shocking things, such as the elder Rockefeller paying taxes on only 2.5 million of his fortune and a U.S. Army overkill against six hundred Philippine savages resisting U.S. imperialism. In Twain’s boyhood in Missouri, he was not aware there was anything wrong about slavery. When Cleveland was U.S. President, Twain met him in the White House and got the First Lady’s autograph. Twain resented his publisher and an inventor for fleecing him, and also a rude landlord, from when he lived in Italy in 1904.

Julie Bosman’s review on November 19, 2010, in "The New York Times" said the book is a four-pound, 500,000-word, $35.00 doorstopper more political than Twain’s previous works. The content is nonlinear although very readable. It seems like a reader could flip the book open at random to any part of it and not worry about plot. The book includes 200 pages of end notes. At first the publisher planned to print 7,500 copies. However, because it was being published a century after Twain’s death, as he wanted it to be, the book got in the news. Before the book’s November 15th publication date, magazines including "Newsweek", "Playboy," and "Harper’s" ran excerpts from the book. The book was quickly sold out and back-ordered. The publisher was University of California Press. A girl with them said, “We feel like, wow . . . people are interested in a 736-page scholarly tome about Mark Twain.” They rushed to send copies to bookstores in time for the holidays. The publisher hired a small printer in Michigan to print the books. They worked overtime producing 30,000 copies a week and got bigger trucks to bring the books to the warehouses. Instead of 7,500 copies, the book got on best seller lists with over 275,000 copies in November 2010. The book was the biggest success the University of California Press had in sixty years.



Kathleen Turner

Mary Kathleen Turner (born June 19, 1954) is an American actress. She became famous during the 1980s with Hollywood movies including: "Body Heat", "Romancing the Stone" and "Peggy Sue Got Married". Turner has starred in many television programs and theatrical movies. She was born in Springfield, Missouri. She is a Democrat.

Jewel (singer)

Jewel Kilcher (born May 23, 1974), known simply as Jewel, is an American singer-songwriter. She has had four Grammy Award nominations. Jewel was born in Payson, Utah, but raised in Anchorage, Alaska.

Lynton and Barnstaple Railway

The Lynton & Barnstaple Railway (L&B) is a Heritage railway in North Devon, England.

The original line opened in May 1898, but closed in 1935. It was a single track narrow gauge railway just over 19 miles (30 km) long, running through rugged rural countryside in Exmoor National Park

For a few years the line earned a small profit, but for most of its life the L&B lost money. The L&B was taken over by the Southern Railway in 1923, and finally closed in September 1935.

The Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Association was created in 1979. A short section of the line opened again in 2004. This was extended in 2006 and a year later, plans were announced to open nine miles (14 km) of track, linking the station at Woody Bay to both Lynton and Blackmoor Gate, and eventually to a new station at Wistlandpound Reservoir.

Several plans were put forward to extend railways from Barnstaple to Lynton. Because of the hills and valleys which would need tight curves and steep slopes, one scheme suggested a gauge of , already being used on other lines like the Ffestiniog Railway, to make building the line easier. This plan was supported by Sir George Newnes who became chairman of the company. The Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Bill was passed on 27 June 1895, and the line was officially opened on 11 May 1898. Public services started on 16 May.

The L&B did not attract enough passengers to make a profit. The journey of nearly twenty miles normally took about one and a half hours. To make things worse, to satisfy several powerful local people, Lynton station was built quite a long way from the town itself, and from the cliff railway to Lynmouth.

Falling traffic during World War I, better roads, and more people owning cars cut the line's income even more, until it was no longer economic.

Despite many cost-saving changes, and extra money being spent on the line, the Southern Railway was still unable to make money, so they closed the line.

The last train ran on 29 September 1935. The Southern Railway removed everything they could use on other lines, and by 8 November, they had lifted the track from Lynton to the Barnstaple side of Woody Bay station. On 13 November a sale was held, but the railway did not attract much interest. Most of the carriages and wagons, and every engine apart from "Lew", were scrapped at Pilton. Some carriages were cut up and used as garden sheds. Third class seats became garden furniture, and first class seats were used in local public halls. In December, Sidney Castle got the job of taking the rest of the railway apart. The remaining track was lifted by June 1936, and in September, "Lew" was shipped to South America - probably Brazil. The stations and track bed were sold in 1938.

The L&B had a very good safety record, and no members of the public were killed or injured, although accidents at Braunton Road and Chumhill did take the lives of three workers.

The L&B rises and falls several times along its length. Starting at above sea level, The first , through Barnstaple, and along the Yeo Valley stays nearly level. "Collard Bridge" marks the start of an climb, mainly at one in fifty (2%), to Blackmoor Gate. A slight down-gradient follows, about m long, towards Parracombe Bank, and the start of another climb, about , to Woody Bay – at , the highest railway station in southern England. The line then falls, again mostly at one in fifty - to Lynton & Lynmouth station, still above the sea, and hidden by the landscape from the town of Lynton. The minimum radius on curves was .

One of the most obvious features of the L&B was its rail vehicles, with the engines appearing first in a plain lined Holly green colour, later on a black base, with chestnut under-frames, pulling passenger carriages coloured terra-cotta with cream upper panels, and light grey goods wagons. The painting was simplified as each vehicle was repainted. With the take-over by the Southern Railway and arrival of Lew, the paint scheme was slowly changed to a lighter green with yellow lettering for the engines and passenger carriages, and brown for the goods wagons. The engine headlamps which had been black were re-painted red.

At least three builders' engines were used for building the line. Unusually, some of the temporary track was wider than the final gauge - the section around Parracombe Bank for example, crossing the Heddon valley, was built to gauge, with an engine known as "Winnie". A fifth engine - perhaps named "Spondon" - may also have been used, although little is known of either of these. In 1900, "Kilmarnock" was sold by the L&B. It is thought that it was left behind by James Nuttall, because of the financial problems and legalcase between the railway and the builder.

The L&B used only coal-fired steam engines. The railway ordered three 2-6-2Ts from Manning Wardle & Co of Leeds. The engines were named after local rivers: "Yeo", "Exe", and "Taw". These were supplemented by a 2-4-2T, "Lyn", built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia, USA, as the company realised that three engines would not be enough. Baldwin was chosen as they could deliver the engine – built mainly from standard parts – more quickly than British builders, who had a backlog of orders, caused by a national engineering dispute from July 1897 to January 1898. After it was built by Baldwin, the engine was shipped across the Atlantic in parts, and re-assembled at Pilton by railway staff. It first steamed in July 1898. The Manning Wardles were delivered before the dispute, and "Yeo" and "Taw" were used to help build the line.

In 1923 the L&B became part of the Southern Railway, and began an upgrade programme. All stock was repainted in Southern Maunsell livery, and track and buildings were improved. A fifth engine, "Lew" was bought in 1925, with a few improvements to the original Manning Wardle design.

Although bought at the auction by December 1935, "Lew" was working for Sidney Castle, the dismantler of the railway. This work was completed by July 1936 and in September, "Lew" was moved by rail to Swansea and then shipped to South America where Lew just disappeared. Despite several searches, no trace of the engine, or clues to what happened to it, have been found.

Sixteen passenger carriages were delivered for the opening. These were of comprised six different types, all the same size, being long, wide, ( over steps) and high – large by narrow gauge standards – and certainly better than any earlier British narrow gauge stock.

The coaching stock was very solidly made, and offered levels of accommodation far better that any others at the time - certainly compared to any other narrow gauge railway. Almost 70 years later, the design was used as the basis for a new set of carriages built by the Ffestiniog Railway, suggesting how good the original design was.

The body for coach 17 was built in 1911 by a local firm, Shapland and Petter, and fitted to a steel underframe made by the railway at Pilton. Slightly longer than the earlier coaches, it had both smoking and non-smoking compartments for first and third class passengers, as well as the brake van space.

The Southern Railway introduced several new goods wagons, and also bought two ex-War Department travelling cranes for the line.

Goods-only trains were not normally used, and usually goods wagons were attached to any passenger trains. The extra work to shunt wagons at stations along the line slowed down the passengers' journey times.

The open goods wagons were originally delivered with a single top-hung side door on each side, but these proved inefficient, and all were eventually converted to side hung double doors. By 1907, most had been fitted with tarpaulin rails. The goods vans used the same underframe, and were fitted with double sliding doors on each side.

Van 23 - now restored and at Woody Bay - was built at Pilton by the L&B. Unlike all other L&B stock, its underframe was entirely made of wood.

The travelling cranes were bought from the War Department, and were fitted with outriggers, they could lift up to 4½ tons. They were intended to be used as recovery cranes if there3 was a derailment, but they were not used much. One crane was kept at Pilton, the other was used in Lynton goods yard.

The 1927 bogie goods vans were originally fitted with heavy diagonal wooden cross braces at each end, but these were later replaced with single diagonal angle-iron braces.

More than seventy-five years after it closed, much of the line can still be seen. The most spectacular is Bridge 22 - the brick-built Chelfham Viaduct, which was fully restored in 2000. Its eight wide arches reach above the Stoke Rivers valley – the largest narrow-gauge railway structure in England.

The stations at Lynton and Bratton Fleming are now private homes, Blackmoor Gate is a restaurant and Barnstaple Town is a school. Chelfham and Woody Bay are both owned by the new L&B. Chelfham station is used for storage, and Woody Bay is the main centre of operations. Snapper Halt was purchased in 2010 by Exmoor Associates - a private company dedicated to securing trackbed for restoring the railway.

Unlike other railways, the track bed was sold off in many pieces - often to the original owners, who paid much less than they had sold it for originally. Although there has been some minor building on parts of the route, and Wistlandpound Reservoir has flooded the track bed close to its middle, much is still in open countryside, with many sections identifiable.

The Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Association (since 2000, a charity) was formed in 1979. Woody Bay Station was bought by the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Company in 1995 and, after much effort, a short section of railway reopened to passengers in 2004. This was extended to over a mile in 2006, with steam and diesel trains running between Woody Bay and the new, temporary station at Killington Lane Station.

In 1995, the Lynbarn Railway – at the "Milky Way", a theme park near Clovelly, was created and operated by L&B volunteers. Profits from this funded the purchase, restoration and reopening of Woody Bay. The "Lynbarn" was handed over to the park in 2005, once Woody Bay had become established, and continues to operate as part of the attraction.

Most of the original rail vehicles did not survive, but Van 23 is on display at Woody Bay. Coach 7 and Coach 17 are being rebuilt. The remains of several other carriages and Goods Van 4 are being stored ready to be rebuilt. The carriages will then be used as a "Heritage Train" to complement more modern carriages.

Coach 2 was sold and used as a summer house. It is now on show at the National Railway Museum in York, with nameplates from the original engines. Coach 15, recovered from Snapper Halt in 1959 and rebuilt by the Ffestiniog Railway in North Wales, has been running there (now as FR Coach 14) for longer than it did on the L&B. In September 2010, Coach 15 visited the L&B with the "Lew" replica engine, "Lyd".

A "Joffre" class 0-6-0 steam engine built by Kerr Stuart in 1915 was bought in 1983, and named "Axe". Restored to working order in 2008, Axe now pulls most of the passenger trains at Woody Bay. An 0-4-0 engine built by Maffei of Germany in 1925, now named "Sid", is owned by several L&B members, and is also sometimes used on the L&B steam service.

The Trust owns three industrial diesel engines. One of these - Heddon Hall - is some times used in place of the steam engines, and for engineering trains.

A number of other visiting diesel and steam engines have also seen service on the line.

Restoring passenger services from Woody Bay was a major undertaking by the enthusiastic volunteers. Although much of the track bed survives intact, several obstacles – including Wistlandpound Reservoir – must be overcome to restore most of the old route.

In October 2007, the railway announced plans for reinstating enough trackbed to reopen nine miles (14 km) of track, linking the station at Woody Bay to both Lynton (at a new terminus on an extension to the original line, closer to the town) and Blackmoor Gate, and as far as a new station at Wistlandpound.

"Exmoor Enterprise" is likely to cost around £30 million, including the building of replica vehicles and improving the line as an important local tourist attraction.
The railway believes that the scheme will generate over £70 million for the south west economy within five years.

Long-term plans see reopening the line towards Barnstaple.


Multimedia:
Books:

Magazines:


Woody Bay railway station

Woody Bay was a station on the old Lynton and Barnstaple Railway, a narrow gauge railway line that ran through Exmoor from Barnstaple to Lynton and Lynmouth in North Devon. The station was inland, about 2 km from Woody Bay itself. It opened with the line (as "Wooda Bay" until the name was changed in 1901) on 7 March 1898, and closed when the line was closed on 29 September 1935. From 1923 until closure, the line was part of the Southern Railway.

Woody Bay station was built in part to serve the expected development of a resort at Woody Bay, a mile or so to the north. A pier was built in the bay, although not much more building took place, and the pier was destroyed by storms before it properly opened.
The development was stopped when the promotor went bankrupt in 1900, and although a route was surveyed for a branch line to the bay, it was never built.

After being bought by the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Company in 1995, restoration of the station began, and it opened as a Visitors' Centre in 2003. An "out and back" service over a few hundred yards of track began in 2004, and with the opening of a temporary station at Killington Lane, about one mile towards Parracombe Halt, a regular "point to point" service started in 2006.

A carriage shed has been built into a cutting beyond the station. It is a temporary structure erected in 2003, and can be moved when the line expands.
Woody Bay station is at: 

Chess endgame

The endgame in chess (or "end game" or "ending") is the part of the game when there are few pieces left on the board. Alternatively, endgames begin when the middlegame is over, and kings are relatively safe.

There are three main strategic differences between earlier parts of the game and endgame:
the 

All endgame positions can be put into two camps. On the one hand are positions which may be won by force. On the other hand are positions which are drawn, or which should be drawn. The ones that are drawn for certain may be legally drawn (mate could not happen) or drawn by chess experience (no sane defence could lose). All endgames in master chess revolve around the borderline between winning and drawing. Generally, once a 'textbook' drawn position is reached the players will agree a draw; otherwise they play on.

Endgames can be studied according to the type of pieces that remain on board. For example, king and pawn endgames have only kings and pawns on one or both sides and the task of the stronger side is to promote one of the pawns. Other endings are studied according to the pieces on board other than kings, e.g. rook and pawn versus rook endgame.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press.</ref>

Basic checkmates are positions in which one side has only a king and the other side has one or two pieces, enough to checkmate the opponent's king. They are usually learned at the beginner stage. Examples are mate with K+Q v K; K+R v K; K+2B v K; K+B&N v K (this one is quite difficult).

Positions for which the result is certain, given best play, are technical positions. The best example is the analysis by computer chess engine of all possible positions with six pieces or fewer. This is called proof by exhaustion or exhaustive proof. It is logically the same as proving a mathematical theorem by proving the complete set of individual cases covered by the theorem.

After the chess engine has analysed the positions, the results are put into an endgame tablebase for easy retrieval by users. Working with a database to discover previously unknown facts is called 'data mining'.

A number of interesting and surprising facts have indeed emerged. For example, For all three- to five-piece endgames and pawnless six-piece endgames, a complete list of mutual zugzwangs has been tabulated and published.

Another case is the longest sequence of moves to reach a definite result, called 'Depth to conversion'. In May 2006, Bourzutschky and Konoval discovered a KQN vs KRBN position with an astonishing DTC of 517 moves.

Brent Peterson (ice hockey, born 1972)

Brent Peterson (born July 20, 1972 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Peterson, a left winger, played in 56 games over three seasons for the National Hockey League's (NHL) Tampa Bay Lightning, scoring nine goals and assisting on one. After his three NHL seasons, Peterson spent four seasons in Europe, playing for teams in Switzerland and Germany.

Peterson joined the United States Hockey League's Thunder Bay Flyers for the 1990–91 season, at the age of eighteen. In 48 regular season games, he recorded 27 goals and 40 assists, and added eight goals and nine assists in 10 playoff games. In 1991–92, Peterson began playing college hockey with the Western Collegiate Hockey Association's Michigan Tech Huskies. After scoring 20 points in the 1992–93 season, Peterson increased his point total to 42 in 1993–94. In 1994–95, he scored 25 goals and had 21 assists; both totals were the highest of his college career, as was his 46 points. Peterson's statistical production declined slightly in his last college season, 1995–96, as he posted 20 goals and 16 assists.

In the 1993 NHL Supplemental Draft, Peterson was chosen as the third overall selection by the Tampa Bay Lightning. Following the end of his college career, he was sent to the Atlanta Knights, the Lightning's affiliate in the minor league International Hockey League (IHL). With the Knights, Peterson had 28 points in 69 regular season games, but went scoreless in three playoff games. In 1996–97, Peterson spent most of his playing time with the American Hockey League's Adirondack Red Wings, for whom he scored 45 points in the regular season and four in the playoffs. During that season, he made his NHL debut with the Lightning, and scored two goals in 17 games. The 1997–98 season saw Peterson again split time between the NHL and minor league hockey; he tallied five goals in 19 games for the Lightning, and 20 goals and 39 assists for the IHL's Milwaukee Admirals. He played his final NHL games in the 1998–99 season, when he posted two goals and his only NHL assist in 20 games for the Lightning. In addition, he had 13 goals and 12 assists in 35 games for two IHL clubs.

In March 1999, the Lightning traded Peterson to the Pittsburgh Penguins organization. He became a free agent after the season, and the Nashville Predators signed him. During the 1999–00 season, Peterson spent the entire campaign with the Admirals, the Predators' IHL affiliate, scoring 32 points in the regular season and five in the playoffs. Peterson moved to Europe for the 2000–01 season, beginning the season with the SCL Tigers in Switzerland's National League A. In 10 games, he recorded three goals and two assists before moving to Germany to play for the Deutsche Eishockey Liga's Kassel Huskies. Peterson finished 2000–01 season with the Tigers and spent three more seasons with the club; his best statistical season in Germany was 2002–03, when he had 25 regular season points, along with three in the playoffs.

Jimmy Roy

Jimmy Roy (born September 22, 1975 in Sioux Lookout, Ontario) is a Canadian ice hockey player currently playing for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.

Roy was drafted 254th overall by the Dallas Stars in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft but never played in the National Hockey League. After spending two years at Michigan Technological University he signed with the Manitoba Moose in 1997. Roy spent nine seasons with the Manitoba Moose, the first four in the International Hockey League and the rest in the American Hockey League after the Moose became members of the league when the IHL folded. He holds different team records like games played and most goals. For the 2006–07 season Roy signed with the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. In Iserlohn he developed to a key player, known for his leading quality on and off the ice. He also helped the club to sign some former Moose players like Ryan Ready and Pat Kavanagh. Roy extended his contract after his first season in Germany for two years. On Christmas Day 2008 the Roosters announced again that Roy has signed for two more years. As a Rooster he usually plays on a line with Ryan Ready. In the 2007–08 season their center was Pat Kavanagh, the next season Bob Wren was their linemate.


Jean-François Labbé

Jean-François "J.F." Labbé, nicknamed Ti-Mine, (born June 15, 1972) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.

After playing four seasons in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, Labbé began a very successful American Hockey League career. He played for the Prince Edward Island Senators, Cornwall Aces, Hershey Bears, Hamilton Bulldogs, Hartford Wolf Pack and Syracuse Crunch in his AHL tenure. His best season came in 1996–1997 with the Hershey Bears, when he won both the Hap Holmes Memorial Award for lowest goals against average and the Les Cunningham Award for league MVP. Labbé won the Calder Cup with the Hartford Wolf Pack in 2000.

Labbé appeared in 15 NHL games: one with the New York Rangers at the end of the 1999–2000 season and 14 with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2001–02 and 2002–03 seasons.

He played for the Saint-Georges Garaga in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey in 2003–2004 after a short stint with the Tolyatti Lada in the Russian Hockey Super League.

Labbé has played in the DEL for three seasons, with Augsburger Panther in 2004–05 and with the Sinupret Ice Tigers in 2005–06 and 2006–07.

For the 2007–08 season he joined the Vienna Capitals in Austria's Erste Bank Hockey League.

Labbé was selected for induction as part of the American Hockey League Hall of Fame's 2016 class.


Labbé currently holds records with the Syracuse Crunch for:

Tatyana Ali

Tatyana Ali (born January 24, 1979) is an American R&B singer and actress. She is best known for playing Ashley Banks in "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air". She later played Roxanne in "The Young and the Restless".

Ali was born in North Bellmore, New York, a suburb of New York City.





Damian Marley

Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley (born July 21, 1978 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican singer, songwriter, rapper and DJ. Marley has won four Grammy Awards. He is the son of Bob Marley.

Marley has released four studio albums. Marley has ten siblings: Ky-Mani, Julian, Stephanie, Karen, Rohan, Robbie, Stephen, Ziggy, Cedella and Sharon. Marley has a football team named after him in England called FC Zion. 

Damian Marley has released 4 studio albums:

Upstate New York

Upstate New York is the part of the state of New York that is north or west of the New York metropolitan area.
Upstate cities include Binghamton, Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Ithaca and Utica. Rural areas of New York are also upstate. These include the Adirondack Mountains and the Mohawk Valley. Culturally, upstate New York is quite different than New York City.

The people who live in upstate New York came from different places than the people who live in New York City. Also, upstate New York is more moderate politically, with rural counties voting more conservative and urban counties more liberal, contrasted with the mostly liberal New York City.
Attractions in Upstate New York include:

Precision Approach Path Indicator

The Precision Approach Path Indicator (PAPI) is a visual system next to the touch-point on a runway. The purpose of the system is to lead a plane in correct approach. The PAPI creates ray of light which gives pilot information about his actual height. 

Principle:


The rules about the parameters are written in standard ANNEX 14 ICAO. The brochure contains more specific information about intensity of ray, location where we can get device etc.

Social Futebol Clube

Social Futebol Clube is a football club which plays in Brazil.



Twiztid

Twiztid are an American hip-hop/horrorcore group from Detroit, Michigan. The group consists of two members: Jamie Madrox and Monoxide. 

Twiztid has released five studio albums:
Twiztid's Official website

University of California, San Diego

The University of California, San Diego (UCSD or UC San Diego) is a public research university. It is in the La Jolla neighborhood of San Diego, California, United States. UCSD is part of the University of California system. It was founded in 1960 near the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

There were 22,048 undergraduate and 5,073 graduate students in Fall 2007. The university awarded 6,802 degrees in 2005/06. The university is organized into six undergraduate colleges and six graduate divisions. It offers 125 undergraduate majors, 52 masters degrees, 51 doctoral programs, and four professional degrees.

In 2012, UCSD was ranked the 15th best university in the world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities. The 2010 edition of U.S. News & World Report ranked UC San Diego as the 35th best university in the nation. UCSD is consistently ranked high in other college and university rankings. In 2010, the university ranked 1st nationally in "The Washington Monthly".


University of California

The University of California (UC) is a public university system in the state of California. The University of California is a part of the state's three-tier public higher education system, which also includes the California State University system and the California Community Colleges system.

The University of California has a combined student body of more than 220,000 students and over 170,000 faculty and staff. Its first campus, UC Berkeley, was founded in 1868, while its tenth and newest campus, University of California, Merced, opened for classes in fall 2005. 

The University of California's campuses boast large numbers of distinguished faculty in almost every field and is widely regarded as one of the top public university systems in the world. Eight of its undergraduate campuses are ranked among the top 100, six among the top 50, and two among the top 25 U.S. universities by the "U.S. News and World Report". Six of its campuses are members of the Association of American Universities, a group of over 60 top U.S. and Canadian research universities. The current president of the University of California is Janet Napolitano.



Luther Vandross

Luther Ronzoni Vandross Jr. (April 20, 1951 – July 1, 2005) was an American R&B/soul singer-songwriter. He sold over 25 million albums and won eight Grammy Awards during his singing career.

Vandross died of a heart attack on July 1, 2005. Luther Vandross’ net worth. 

University of California, Santa Barbara

The University of California, Santa Barbara (also referred to as UCSB and UC Santa Barbara) is a research university in Santa Barbara, California, United States. The third-oldest of the ten major campuses affiliated with the University of California, Santa Barbara offeres 87 undergraduate and 55 graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. The main campus is located on a 1,022-acre (4.1 km2) site in Santa Barbara, California, 100 miles (160 km) northwest of Los Angeles. The University was founded in 1909 and joined the University of California-system in 1944.

UC Santa Barbara is a "very high activity" research university. UCSB houses twelve national research centers. UCSB faculty includes five Nobel Prize laureates, one Fields Medalist, 29 members of the "United States National Academy of Sciences", 27 members of the "National Academy of Engineering", and 23 members of the "American Academy of Arts and Sciences".


Brown pelican

The brown pelican ("Pelecanus occidentalis") is a large bird that lives along the coasts of the Atlantic, Pacific Ocean, and Gulf of Mexico in North and South America.

Brown pelicans are carnivores (meat-eaters) and hunt during the day (they are diurnal). They eat mostly fish and some amphibians and crustaceans.

Lincoln Continental

The Lincoln Continental was an American luxury car first produced around in 1939. The production ended around 1948, but resumed during 1956. This car was a fully sized vehicle during most of its years. Its production ended around 2002. The replacement vehicle was Lincoln LS V8. Later, Lincoln introduced a new model, produced between 2016 and 2020.

Julia Stiles

Julia Stiles (born March 28, 1981, New York City) is an American actress. She played Nicky Parsons in the "Bourne" movie series. She is also a stage and television actress. On March 17, 2001, Stiles hosted "Saturday Night Live". She is a feminist.

Ryu Gwan-sun

Ryu Gwan-sun or Yu Gwan-sun (Hangul: 유관순, Hanja: 柳寬順) (November 17, 1902 – September 28, 1920) was a Christian Korean freedom fighter who protested against the Japanese occupation of Korea.

Ryu Gwansun was born on November 17, 1902, in a small farming village. Her brother said that she taught herself how to read Hangul. She was a playful, lively child who enjoyed running "like a boy" and was able to memorize Bible verses quickly. Her nephew, who grew up in the same village as her, said that she had very large, bright black eyes. Her brother described her as tall, with a plump, fair face.

When she was 12, she entered the Ewha Girls' School in Seoul, where she learned more about Christianity.

Ryu Gwansun joined in the March 1st Movement with some friends from her school, though her teacher strongly told them not to. She was taken to prison for a short time, and her school was closed. With the help of her family and friends, Ryu planned a peaceful demonstration in her province for 1 March. The day before the demonstration, Ryu lit a bonfire on a mountain as a signal to begin the demonstration. The next day, over 2000 people came together in a marketplace for the demonstration. The Japanese police shot at the people, and about 19 people died, including Ryu's parents. Ryu Gwansun was taken to prison. She died on September 28, 1920 from injuries sustained from torture and beatings in prison.

Dorothy Hamill

Dorothy Hamill (born July 26, 1956) is an American athlete. She won a gold medal in the 1976 Winter Olympics in figure skating.
Hamill was born in Chicago but grew up in Greenwich, Connecticut. She was married to Dean Paul Martin from 1982 until they divorced in 1984. She was married to Kenneth Forsythe from 1987 until 1995. Hamill has been married to John MacColl since 2009. She has a daughter by Forsythe.

Peggy Fleming

Peggy Fleming is an American figure skater and ABC Sports television commentator. She was the champion at 1968 Winter Olympics. She was born July 27, 1948 in San Jose, California.

Display (zoology)

Display is a form of animal behaviour, linked to survival of the species in various ways. 

One function of display is in courtship. In most species the male has a striking feature that is distinguished by colour, shape or size, used to attract a female. In many species the male has another, more cryptic, form out of the mating season.

A related function is armament (horns, teeth) exhibited and used by 'tournament' species. In these species, males fight to gain the 'right' to breed. The display part of the process is a mechanism for younger males to avoid being damaged by prime males. Instinctive behaviour prompts lesser males to leave the field. Peafowl, deer, antelope and elephant seals are good examples.

The other main function is in species which have territorial display behaviour. This may preserve a foraging or hunting territory for its family or group. 

Mary Lou Retton

Mary Lou Retton (born January 24, 1968) is an American gymnast. She was born in Fairmont, Virginia. Retton won gold, silver and bronze medals in the 1984 Summer Olympics. She was the first female outside Eastern Europe to win an Olympic all around title.

Air mass

An air mass is a volume of air defined by its temperature and water vapor content. Air masses cover many hundreds or thousands of square miles. Colder air masses are called polar or arctic, while warmer air masses are called tropical.

Antelope

Antelope is a term for many even-toed ungulate species. "Antelope is not a strict taxonomic term" because they are not a clade. Antelope is a 'wastebasket taxon' in the family Bovidae. It includes the old-world species which are not cattle, sheep, buffalo, bison, or goats. 

Antelopes occupy the ecological niche which deer occupy north of the Sahara. Both deer and antelopes are grass-eating mammals which have replaced browsers as the dominant vegetarian animals as forests gave way to grasslands.

Antelope are found mostly in Africa below the Sahara, and parts of Asia. No antelope are native to North America: the pronghorn is a member of the family Antilocapridae, another family. True antelope have horns which are unbranched and never shed, while pronghorns have branching horns, and shed annually. 

There are 91 species of antelope, most of which are native to Africa, in about 30 genera. A group of antelope is called a herd.

Species of forest, woodland, or bush tend to be sedentary, but many of the plains species undertake huge migrations. These migrations enable grass-eating species to follow the rains and therefore their food supply. The gnus and gazelles of East Africa perform some of the most impressive mass migratory circuits of all mammals. 

All bovids have even-toed hooves, horizontal pupils, ruminating guts, and (in at least the males) bony horns.
Many antelope are sexually dimorphic. In most species, both sexes have horns, but those of males tend to be larger. There is a tendency for males to be larger than the females

Horns are not shed and are not made of bone, which distinguishes them from antlers.
Gazelles and springbok are known for their speed and leaping abilities. Even larger antelope, such as elands, and kudus, are capable of jumping 8 feet (2.4 m) or greater, although their running speed is restricted by their greater mass.

Bredevoort Castle

The Castle of Bredevoort was a castle in the city of Bredevoort, Guelders in the Netherlands. 

The name of the castle was for the first time written in the year 1188 as "castrum Breidervort".

In 1646 lightning hit the gunpowder tower of the castle, causing an explosion that destroyed the castle and the town, killing Lord Haersolte of Bredevoort and his family, as well as others. Only one son, Anthonie, who was not home that day, survived.

In April 2009 big walls were discovered underground in the heart of the town. On the square they found remain of the gate building which was a part of the ring wall surrounding the castle. That foundation is visible on the square today.

Tim Leveque

Tim Leveque (born June 13, 1968) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He is most famous for being the Laval Chiefs enforcer that is called up later in the season in the hockey documentary "Les Chiefs".

Leveque started his career with the Thunder Bay Senators of the Colonial Hockey League during the 1993-94 season. In two games, Leveque accumulated 23 PIMs.

After an eight year layoff, Leveque would resurface with the Laval Chiefs of the Quebec Semi-Pro Hockey League (currently the LNAH). Leveque would engage in several fights with Dominic "The Giant" Forcier of the Sorel Royaux during the season. Forcier who stood 6' 7" and 320 lbs, was taken down by Leveque during each of their three fights. After Leveque's final fight with Forcier on February 10, 2002, he would fight Chad Nicholson in the closing minutes of the same game. This would be Leveque's final game with the Chiefs. After the game, Leveque would tell the team that he had "connections in Norfolk" and that he was leaving the team.

In 2004, Leveque received a tryout with the Sherbrooke Saint-Francois. He would play one game with Sherbrooke, and was briefly involved in a fight with David Lessard. Leveque would be released after the game.

In 2005, Leveque played a preseason game with the Sorel-Tracy Mission and fought Corey Dean. After one game with the Mission, Leveque was released.

Trent McCleary

Trent Kenneth McCleary (born September 8, 1972) is a Canadian former professional hockey player who played for the Boston Bruins, Ottawa Senators and Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL). His career was ended in 2000 after taking a slapshot to the throat, an injury that required life-saving surgery moments after the incident. He played 192 games, scoring 8 goals and 23 points.

A native of Swift Current, Saskatchewan, McCleary played junior hockey in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with his home-town Swift Current Broncos beginning in 1988. He played a total of four seasons with the Broncos, winning the WHL championship and Memorial Cup with the team in 1988–89 though he played only three games with the team. He was a defensive forward in the WHL, but scored 50 points in his final year in helping the Broncos win a second championship. He added a goal in four games at the 1993 Memorial Cup.

The Ottawa Senators signed McCleary as an undrafted free agent upon his graduation, and he spent the majority of the 1993–94 season with the Thunder Bay Senators of the Colonial Hockey League (CoHL). He moved up to the Prince Edward Island Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL) in 1994–95 but missed three months of the season after suffering retinal damage to his right eye when he was hit in the face by a stick. Upon his recovery, McCleary returned wearing a visor that he would retain throughout his career.

He made his NHL debut in Ottawa in 1995–96, scoring 14 points in 75 games. The Senators traded McCleary, along with a draft pick to the Boston Bruins for Shawn McEachern following the season. He appeared in 59 games with the Bruins but was unable to come to an agreement on a new contract for the 1997–98 season. As a result, he signed to play in the International Hockey League (IHL), splitting the season between the Las Vegas Thunder and Detroit Vipers.

His rights ultimately released by the Bruins, McCleary signed with the Montreal Canadiens as a free agent in 1998, appearing in 46 NHL games in 1998–99. Early the following season, he again suffered a severe injury to his right eye, suffering a severed tear duct when he was hit in the face by an errant skate. He recovered, splitting the early part of the season between the Canadiens and the Quebec Citadelles in the AHL.

During a game between the Canadiens and the Philadelphia Flyers on January 29, 2000, McCleary dropped to the ice in an attempt to block a Chris Therien slapshot. He was critically injured when hit in the throat by the shot which fractured his larynx and resulted in a collapsed lung. Unable to breathe, McCleary rushed to the bench, collapsing upon his arrival. Medical staff worked to partially open his airway in the hallways of Molson Centre, actions which McCleary credits with saving his life. He was then rushed to a waiting ambulance and transported to hospital where surgeons performed an emergency tracheotomy. He remained in full equipment during the procedure; hospital staff did not even have time to remove his skates.

Unable to speak immediately following his surgery, McCleary sent a written note to his teammates explaining he was all right while his surgeon revealed that he came "as close ... as you could come" to dying in the moments after he was struck. He met with the media two weeks following his injury, responding to questions via note pad, stating that he hoped to return to his career upon recovery. He regained the ability to talk after six weeks and several surgeries.

McCleary attempted a comeback at the start of the 2000–01 season. Despite doubts he would be capable of returning, the Canadiens signed him to a one-year, US$300,000 contract. He appeared in exhibition games with the Canadians, but found he was unable to play a full shift without running short of breath. He was examined by his doctor, who noted that because his air passage was left 15% narrower than before his injury, it was too dangerous for him to continue playing. As a result, on September 20, 2000, McCleary announced his retirement, calling it the "toughest day" in his seven year career. The Canadiens kept him in the organization, naming him a WHL scout.

McCleary's parents Kyle and Leah still live in Swift Current. He has an elder brother, Scott, and a younger sister, Shannon. He and his wife Tammy have three children.

Pirate Party Germany

The Pirate Party Germany (German: "Piratenpartei Deutschland"; short: "PIRATEN", "Pirates") is a political party in Germany based on the model of the Swedish Piratpartiet.

The party opposes the loss of civil rights in telephony and on the Internet, in particular the rules for keeping information about telephone calls and Germany's new Internet censorship law called "Zugangserschwerungsgesetz".

The party favours the civil right to information privacy and reforms of copyright, education, computer science and patents.

It wants more open and transparent government, and the electronic inspection and control of government operations by the citizen.

The party was founded on 10 September 2006. Party leader has been Patrick Schiffer since August 2016. Previous leaders were among others Sebastian Nerz, Dirk Hillbrecht, Jens Seipenbusch and Christof Leng.

In February 2009, the village spokesperson of Hohenstein, a city councillor in Strausberg, Jens Knoblich joined the Pirate Party Germany. In June 2009, Bundestag member Jörg Tauss, who has been charged with the crime of child pornography possession and distribution, left the SPD and joined the Pirate Party after the "Zugangserschwerungsgesetz" was passed. He said that while he supports the fight against child pornography, the means are unacceptable. In late August 2009, Herbert Rusche, one of the founding members of the German Green Party and, in the 1980s, the first openly homosexual member of parliament in Germany, joined the Pirate Party.

On 27 September 2009, the PIRATEN received 2.0% (845,904 votes) in the 2009 German federal election. This result means that the party failed to secure any seat in the Bundestag, however this was also the best result among the parties who did not achieve the required 5% threshold. Among the first-time male voters the party received 13%.

The election results in 2009 means the party still qualifies for some government funding of campaign finance.

It received 229,117 votes in the 2009 European Parliament election, which was 0.9%, but not enough (at least 5%) for a seat. The number of party members has increased since then. As of March 2010, the party had over 12,000 members.

On 30 August 2009, the PIRATEN received 1.9% in the 2009 Saxony state election. On the same day, the party also received one seat in each council in the local elections of Münster and Aachen, although candidates of the party ran for office only in some constituencies of both cities.

Support for The PIRATEN differs between States. The party received 1.8% in the 2009 Schleswig-Holstein state election and 1,5% in the 2010 North Rhine-Westphalia state election (though without securing seats), but only 0.5% in the 2009 Hesse state election and did not participate in the 2009 Brandenburg and Saarland state elections


Opossum

Opossums are the largest order of marsupials in the Western Hemisphere, the Didelphimorphia. 

They are often called possums, though that term is more properly applied to Australian fauna of the suborder Phalangeriformes. 

The Virginia opossum was the first animal to be called an "opossum": the word comes from the Algonquian language, and means "white beast." It was one of the few South American marsupials to establish itself permanently in North America after the Great American Interchange, and the only one to survive there today.

Scientists used to believe that opossums are large numbers of ticks, but now they think they do not. Wildlife scientist Cecilia Hennessy thinks this belief came from a paper called "Hosts as ecological traps for the vector of Lyme disease." Hennessy did her own study and found that opossums do not eat many ticks. She and her team looked at opossums' stomachs and found animals without bones like beetles and worms, animals with bones like amphibians and small mammals, plants including grass, leaves and seeds, and garbage. 

Marsupials like opossums are born before their jaw bones have grown enough for them to drink their mothers' milk the way other baby mammals do. Scientists from King's College London found that opossums and other marsupials use tissue from their inner ear to make a temporary jaw so they can feed and grow.

Damian Jackson

Damian Jacques Jackson (born August 16, 1973 in Los Angeles, California) is an American baseball player. He is a second baseman for the Orange County Flyers of Golden Baseball League.

Jackson has formerly played for the Cleveland Indians from 1996-97, Cincinnati Reds from 1997-98, San Diego Padres from 1999-01, Detroit Tigers in 2002, Boston Red Sox in 2003, Chicago Cubs in 2004, Kansas City Royals in 2004, again with the San Diego Padres in 2005 and the Washington Nationals in 2006.


Eland

The eland is the largest antelope. There are two species, both African. 

The common eland, "Taurotragus oryx", is from East Africa and South Africa. The giant eland, "Taurotragus derbianus", is found in Sudan, Central African Republic, Cameroon and Senegal and West Africa.

The two species are rather similar in size: males range in size from and may even reach a ton on rare occasions; females range from .

Giant eland are alert and wary, making them difficult to approach and observe. They are gregarious, and migrate in small herds of twenty or so animals. Giant eland live in open forest and savannah where they eat grass, leaves, and branches. Common eland live in large herds. 

Observers have, as usual, found it difficult to measure their speed of running. Some claim they move quickly, running at over , and despite their size are exceptional jumpers, easily clearing heights of . Others claim elands are one of the slowest antelopes, but can even jump a height of or more.

When walking, tendon or joints in the eland's foreleg produce a sharp clicking sound, the cause of which is not known. The sound carries some distance and is a good indication of an approaching herd. Naturalists think it is a form of communication in elands.

Daryl Hannah

Daryl Christine Hannah (born December 3, 1960 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American actress and environmental activist. She starred in many movies during the 1980s, including "Splash".

Air India Flight 182

Air India Flight 182 was a passenger plane which, on June 23, 1985, exploded from a bomb that was placed on the plane. The aircraft was going between Montréal-Mirabel International Airport, Montreal, Quebec, and New Delhi, India. It was an Air India Boeing 747-237B, registration VT-EFO. The bombing was called the largest mass murder in modern Canadian history, and the deadliest act of air terrorism before 9/11.

The flight was going between Montreal and New Delhi. The plane exploded when it was flying 31,000 feet over Atlantic Ocean South of Ireland. The bomb was hidden in a Sanyo tuner in a suitcase which was in the forward cargo hold. Around fifty-five minutes later after the loss of the aircraft, a suitcase which was checked in by one of the accused perpetrators in the bombing exploded at Japan’s Narita Airport and killed two baggage handlers and injured four other people nearby. The suitcase was on its way to another airliner at Narita. At least 329 people were killed in the explosion aboard Flight 182.

Most of the victims on-board were Canadians, but 27 came from the United Kingdom, and 10 more came from the United States, five from Brazil, four from Germany, three from France, two each from Italy and Australia, one each from Japan, Mexico, Russia, China, and Belgium. Four passengers and all 22 crew members were from India' 

The suspects in the bombing were from the Sikh separatist group called the Babbar Khalsa:


Tachisme

Tachisme is a French art style popular in the 1940s and 1950s. It had large brush strokes and had many drips and blobs of paint straight from the paint tube.

Wale (rapper)

Wale Victor Folarin (born Olubowale Victor Akintimehin; September 21, 1984 in Washington D.C.) is an American rapper better known by his stage name Wale. 

In 2010, Wale was nominated for Best New Artist from both the Soul Train Awards and BET Awards. He did not win.

Wale has released 7 studio albums:

Wale has released 8 mixtapes:

Wale has had 5 singles:

National Academy of Sciences

National Academy of Sciences (NAS) is United States corporation whose members serve as advisers to the nation on science. New members of the organization are elected annually by current members, based on their distinguished and continuing achievements in original research.

The National Academy of Sciences is part of the United States National Academies, which also includes: 

The NAS is running 21-month project which will study how humans might influence weather patterns, assess dangers and investigate possible national security implications of climate geoengineering attempts to mitigate global warming. The project is funded by the CIA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and NASA.


K-os

Kevin Brereton (born February 20, 1972 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian rapper, singer, songwriter and producer better known by his stage name, k-os which is an acronym for Knowledge of Self and is spelt with a lowercase "k".

k-os has released 4 studio albums:

Belinda Carlisle

Belinda Carlisle (born August 17, 1958) is an American Grammy Award nominated singer, author and songwriter. She was the lead singer of The Go-Gos and left in 1985 to pursue a successful solo career. Carlisle was born in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.

Aquaplaning

Hydroplaning or Aquaplaning happens when a layer of water builds between the rubber tires of the vehicle and the road surface and leads to the loss of traction (grip) on the road. Hydroplaning causes the vehicle to stop responding to control inputs such as steering, braking or accelerating. The effects of hydroplaning depends on which wheels have lost traction and the direction that the vehicle is traveling.

Sintel

Sintel is a short 15-minute movie made with computers using open source software. Blender was the main program used to make the movie. It began production in September 2009 and was released on September 28, 2010. The online release was made available for download on September 30, 2010.
"Sintel" is a story about a girl who lives in the made-up city. One day, a dragon lands on the roof of a house she is standing next to. The dragon is hurt, so she helps it. She and the dragon (which she names Scales) become good friends. One day, Scales goes to chase a group of birds flying in the sky. Another, bigger, dragon comes along, and kidnaps Scales. Sintel goes to looks for Scales. She finds the adult dragon in a Dragon Blood tree, There she fights the big dragon and kills it. But, it turns out that the big dragon is actually Scales. The movie ends with Sintel sad, because she accidentally killed her friend.

Ton Roosendaal announced the movie in May 2009. He is the chairman of the Blender Foundation. The Blender Foundation and the Netherlands Film Fund paid for part of the project. The Foundation raised a lot of their funds by selling pre-orders of the DVD. Everyone who preordered before September 1 has his or her name listed in the movie's credits. The movie was released for download on the Official Durian Project website on October 1, 2010.


United States National Academies

United States National Academies or National Academies comprising 
serve collectively as the scientific national academy for the United States. The NAS, NAE, and IOM are honorary membership organizations, with a total membership of over 6,000 scientists, engineers, and health professionals. New members for each organization are elected annually by current members, based on their distinguished and continuing achievements in original research. The NRC is called the "working arm" of the Academies, which serves to collect, analyze, and share information through studies and reports.

The National Academies produce independent recommendations and policy reports by enlisting top scientists, engineers, health professionals, and other experts (not limited to those in Academies membership) to address important scientific and technical problems. 

The National Academies do not perform original research; rather they provide independent advice. Federal agencies are the primary financial sponsors of the Academies' work; additional studies are funded by state agencies, foundations, other private sponsors, and the National Academies endowment. The external sponsors have no control over the conduct or results of a study, once the statement of task and budget are finalized.


Jens Seipenbusch

Jens Seipenbusch (born 6 August 1968) is a German politician and physicist. He was leader of the Pirate Party of Germany.

Seipenbusch was a founding member of his party. He studied physics at the University of Münster. He was first elected party leader in May 2007. In May 2008 he became deputy leader for one year, before he became re-elected leader of the party in July 2009, and once more in May 2010. In May 2011, Sebastian Nerz became leader of the party.


Maria Beatrice d'Este

Maria Beatrice d’Este (Maria Beatrice Ricciarda; 7 April 1750 – 14 November 1829) was heiress of the two Duchies of Modena and Reggio. She was married to Archduke Ferdinand of Austria, son of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria in an attempt to give the Austrians more influence in the Italian states. Maria Beatrice was the Duchess of Massa and Carrara in her own right as well as an Archduchess of Austria by marriage. from 1790 until 1797 and from 1816 until her death in 1829. She and her husband formed the "House of Austria-Este".

Maria Beatrice was born at the Ducal Palace of Modena. She was the only daughter of Ercole III of Modena and Maria Teresa Cybo-Malaspina, ruling Duchess of Carrara and Massa. Three years after her birth, her mother gave birth to a son who died aged 5 months in May 1753. Her parents were part of an unhappy marriage which made the chance of having another son very unlikely. Her parents separated and Maria Beatrice was soon acknowledged as an heiress to four sovereign duchies.

As heiress to four duchies, Modena and Reggio from her father and Massa and Carrara from her mother, she was a very attractive candidate for marriage. From 1753 it was arranaged that she would marry Archduke Leopold of Austria, younger son of Empress Maria Theresa. The situation changed when Leopold's childlessness made Leopold the heir to the Holy Roman Empire. As a result, she was instead engaged to Leopold's brother, Archduke Ferdinand of Austria. Plans began in 1754 and it was concluded by their actual marriage in Milan on 15 October 1771. Some of the festivities for the marriage were played by Mozart.

When her mother died in 1790 Maria Beatrice succeeded to Massa and the Principality of Carrara which she held in her own right. After the French conquest of her domains in Italy, she spent her life in Austria and left the rule to administrators. Just after the marriage, the couple had settled in Modena then travelled to Milan where Maria Beatrice gave birth to most of her 10 children by Ferdinand. As Modena did not allow female succession, Maria Beatrice's rights to the throne passed to her son when her father died in 1803. By her marriage, the House of Austria-Este was created, a cadet branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine, which ruled Modena between 1814 and 1859. At her death in her palace in Vienna in 1829, Massa and Carrara were added to the Duchy of Modena which were subsequently given to her son.



Sharon Stone

Sharon Vonne Stone (born March 10, 1958) is an American actress and movie producer. She received a Golden Globe Award for her part in the 1995 movie "Casino". Her role in the movie "Basic Instinct" was also notable. 

Stone won the title of Miss Crawford County in Meadville. She was a candidate for Miss Pennsylvania. One of the pageant judges said she should quit school and move to New York City to become a fashion model. In 1977, Stone left Meadville, moving in with an aunt in New Jersey. Within four days of her arrival in New Jersey, she was signed by Ford Modeling Agency in New York.

While living in Europe, she decided to quit modeling and become an actress. Stone was cast for a brief role in Allen's "Stardust Memories" (1980). She had many roles in movies in the 1980's. Being in "Total Recall" (1990) with Arnold Schwarzenegger helped her career. To promote the movie, she posed nude for "Playboy".

The movie that made her a star "Basic Instinct" (1992). She played a person thought to be a serial killer. In the movie's most notorious scene, her character is being questioned by the police. She crosses and uncrosses her legs, exposing her genitalia, which are not covered by underwear. After "Basic Instinct", she was listed by "People magazine" as one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world.

In November 1995, Stone received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, located at 6925 Hollywood Blvd.

In 2003, she appeared in three episodes from the eighth season of "The Practice". For her performances, she received an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series.

Stone tried a return to the mainstream with roles in the movies "Cold Creek Manor" (2003) with Dennis Quaid and "Catwoman" (2004) with Halle Berry. Both movies were not well liked by either the public or critics.

Stone married Michael Greenburg in 1984. They separated in 1987 and the divorce was finalized in 1990.

In 1993, Stone met William J. MacDonald (aka Bill MacDonald) on the set of the movie "Sliver". MacDonald left his wife Naomi Baca for Stone and became engaged to her. They separated one year later in 1994.

While working on the movie "The Quick and the Dead" in 1995, Stone met Bob Wagner and they became engaged.

On February 14, 1998, Stone married Phil Bronstein, executive editor of the "San Francisco Examiner". They adopted a son, Roan Joseph Bronstein (born on May 22, 2000) in late May or early June of 2000. They divorced in 2004. After her divorce she adopted another two boys, Laird Vonne Stone (born on May 7, 2005) and Quinn Kelly Stone 
(born in June 2006).

Stone is a convert to Tibetan Buddhism. She is an ordained minister with the Universal Life Church.


Kim Delaney

Kim Delaney (born November 29, 1961) is an American movie and television actress. She played Jenny Gardner in the soap "All My Children". She played a detective in the television series "NYPD Blue". She also acted in the television series "Philly". Delaney was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Aedes aegypti

Aedes aegypti, also called yellow fever mosquito, is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever, chikungunya and yellow fever viruses, and other diseases. 

The mosquito can be recognized by white markings on legs and a marking in the form of a lyre on the thorax. It is a small mosquito, with a body length of about half one centimeter.

Aedes

Aedes is a genus of mosquito originally found in tropical and subtropical zones, but has spread by human activity to all continents excluding Antarctica. Several of the species transmit important human diseases and one species, "Aedes albopictus", is the most invasive mosquito in the world. The name comes from the Greek "aēdēs", meaning "unpleasant" or "odious", so called because of the diseases this type of mosquito transmits, including dengue fever and yellow fever. 

Scirpophaga innotata

The Rice White Stemborer ("Scirpophaga innotata") is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Indonesia, Pakistan the Philippines and the tropical north of Australia.

Eugene Airport

Eugene Airport, also known as Mahlon Sweet Field, is a medium-sized airport in Eugene, Oregon in the United States. It has ten connections to larger airports in the forty-eight states via four airlines.

Allegiant flies to Las Vegas, Oakland, Phoenix, and Los Angeles. Delta Connection flies to Salt Lake City. Horizon Airlines flies to Portland and Seattle, and United Express flies to Portland, Denver and San Francisco.

Hank Hill

Hank Rutherford Hill (born April 15) is a fictional character in the television series, King of the Hill. He lives in Arlen, Texas with his wife Peggy and his son Bobby. He was named one of the wisest people on television by The Economist. He suffers from Diminished Gluteal Syndrome (DGS) which is a fictional genetic disorder. He works at Strickland Propane and sells propane and propane accessories. He was born in the women's bathroom of Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York which he was horrified to find out. His father's name is Cotton who was a World War II veteran who had his shins "blowed off by a Japanman's machine gun" in combat, and had his feet attached to his knees, he has a Japanese half brother named Junichiro, and his cousin is the bassist and vocalist for ZZ Top, Dusty Hill. He is usually seen hanging out with his friends Dale, Bill and Boomhauer.

Notes

Caviar

Caviar is a luxury food. Caviar is salted and un-fertilized sturgeon roe eggs. The world's largest producer and exporter of caviar is Iran. The producer of 90 percent of the world's caviar is the Caspian Sea. 

Caviar is usually put in gold, plastic, wood, ivory containers. It is rarely in silverware or steel because this may interfere with the flavor and color.

Jackson, Wyoming

Jackson is an American city in the state of Wyoming. It is in Teton County. The current mayor of Jackson is Mark Barron. As of 2000, 8,647 people lived there. Many tourists go through Jackson when they visit the nearby Grand Teton National Park, Yellowstone National Park, and the National Elk Refuge.


2009 Pacific typhoon season

The 2009 Philippine region typhoon season was the period that tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean. The season ran throughout the year during 2009, with most tropical cyclones forming between May and November.The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) assigns names to tropical cyclones (including tropical depressions) that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility. These names, however, are not in common use outside of the Philippines.

During the season, 39 tropical depressions developed within the Western Pacific, whilst 2 formed outside the region before moving into the Western Pacific.


Body of Proof

Body of Proof is an American medical drama television series on ABC starring Dana Delany and Jeri Ryan.

The series stars Delany as Dr. Megan Hunt, a medical examiner. The show focusses on Hunt's efforts to balance the demands of her professional life with her personal life. Hunt was previously employed as a top-flight neurosurgeon who had a life-changing automobile accident.

Her boss is the city's chief medical examiner, played by Ryan.


Blue Valentine (movie)

Blue Valentine is a 2010 movie. It is a romantic drama starring Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling. The original rating of this movie was NC-17, but the rating was successfully appealed to an R rating. The movie is about a married couple who are shifting back and forth, along with their eventual divorce.

Patty Loveless

Patty Lee Ramey (or Patty Loveless; born January 4, 1957) is an American country singer and songwriter. She emerged onto the country music scene around 1986. She has also sung Bluegrass and country pop. She was born in Pikeville, Kentucky.

Academy of Country Music

American Music Awards

Country Music Association

Grand Ole Opry

Georgia Music Hall of Fame

Grammy Awards

Kentucky Music Hall of Fame

Islamic state

An Islamic state is a state that has adopted Islam as its state religion, and Islamic law as the foundation for political institutions. Current examples of such states are Pakistan, Iran, Afghanistan, Mauritania and the self-proclaimed Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.

Niko Tinbergen

Nikolaas 'Niko' Tinbergen (15 April 1907 – 21 December 1988) was a Dutch ethologist and ornithologist who shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Karl von Frisch and Konrad Lorenz. Their discoveries were about individual and social behaviour patterns, and how they are triggered.

In the 1960s Niko collaborated on a series of wildlife movies, including "The Riddle of the Rook" (1972) and "Signals for Survival" (1969), which won the Italia prize in that year and the American blue ribbon in 1971.

Niko, who had two eminent brothers, Luuk and Jan, was a prisoner of war during World War II. His experience as a prisoner of the Nazis led to some friction with longtime intellectual collaborator Konrad Lorenz, and it was several years before the two reconciled.

After the war, Tinbergen moved to England, where he taught at the University of Oxford. He remained in England for the rest of his life. Several of his Oxford graduate students went on to become prominent biologists; these include Richard Dawkins, Marian Dawkins, Desmond Morris, and Iain Douglas Hamilton. He married Elisabeth Rutten and they had five children.

The body of Tinbergen's research focused on what he termed supernormal stimuli. This was the concept that an artificial object could be a stronger trigger for an instinct than the natural object for which the instinct originally evolved.

He constructed plaster eggs to see which a bird preferred to sit on, finding that they would select those that were larger, had more defined markings, or more saturated colour—and a dayglo-bright one with black polkadots would be selected over the bird's own pale, dappled eggs.

Tinbergen found that territorial male stickleback fish would attack a wooden fish model more vigorously than a real male if its underside was redder. He constructed cardboard dummy butterflies with more defined markings that male butterflies would try to mate with in preference to real females. The superstimulus, by its exaggerations, clearly showed what features were triggering the response.

He is well known for originating the four questions he believed should be asked of any animal behaviour, which were:

Proximate mechanisms:

Ultimate mechanisms:

Niko gave his Nobel Lecture on autism in children, which he and his wife had been researching for some time.


SF1 Kraken

SF1 Kraken is a weapon mainly used by police forces during riots to restore order. It is not lethal (hit causes only injury, not death). The weapon is specially made for usage against civilians without risking casualties (loss of life). The average distance of fire is about 30m, maximum is 100m and depends on type of bullet. SF1 Kraken uses the energy of gases from .357 Magnum blank cartidges (without a bullet) which are made by Libra a.s. in the Czech Republic. It is also able to use several types of 59mm calibre bullets.



Oedema

Oedema (U.S. edema) is dropsy. It was usually called "dropsy" until about the middle of the 20th century. 

It is a medical condition, and a sign or symptom. It is swelling caused when fluid leaks out of the body's capillaries into the tissues. The fluid builds up and gets trapped in the tissues around the leaking blood vessels. This causes swelling. If there is enough swelling, oedema can be seen from outside of the skin.

Oedema can happen in any part of the body. However, it is easiest to see in the arms and legs, including the hands, ankles, and feet. Oedema in the arms and legs is called "peripheral oedema".

"Pulmonary oedema "is fluid in the lungs. Pulmonary oedema is dangerous because having fluid in the lungs makes breathing difficult. If pulmonary oedema gets bad enough, a person can drown in the fluid.

Oedema in the abdomen is called "ascites."

Some of the signs and symptoms of oedema are:

Oedema in the lungs (pulmonary edema) can make it hard to breathe or cause chest pain.

Many things can cause oedema. When oedema is mild (not very serious), the most common causes are:

However, oedema can also be a sign of serious disease. Diseases that can cause edema include:

If oedema is not very serious, it often goes away on its own. If a person has mild oedema in an arm or leg, they can often make oedema go away quicker by keeping the arm or leg raised above the level of the heart.

If oedema is more serious, it is treated with medicines called diuretics. These are medicines which help the body get rid of extra fluid by urinating it out.

If oedema is caused by a disease, that disease needs to be treated.

National Academy of Engineering

United States National Academy of Engineering (NAE), a private, non-profit institution that was founded in 1964. Election to the NAE is considered the highest achievement in engineering-related fields and often comes as a recognition of a lifetime's worth of accomplishments. The NAE is part of United States National Academies advising the federal government on engineering programs aimed at meeting national needs, encourages education and research.

New members of the organization are elected annually by current members composed of senior professionals in business, academia, and government who are among the world’s most accomplished engineers in one or both of the following categories:

The Academy annually awards three prizes that award $500,000 to the winner. In a sense these constitute the "Nobel Prizes of Engineering."

Dianne Wiest

Dianne Wiest (born March 28, 1948) is an American actress. Her movies include "Edward Scissorhands" in 1990. She has won two Emmy Awards and two Academy Awards. She was also in other movies, including "Footloose" and "Parenthood". Wiest was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

She also made a suprise appearance on an American TV show called Brooklyn Nine-Nine. She later went on to make multiple episodes of her own failing tv-show called "Get rid of that Wiest Infection". She was also the star in multiple weetabix commercials, dubbing them Wiestabix.

Nissan Altima

The Nissan Altima is a car made by Nissan Motor Company. It was first made in 1993 and has had four generations. The car won the 2002 North American Car of the Year and the 2010 Altima received the NHTSA's Highest Front- Impact Crash Safety Rating (five stars). There is a hybrid version of the Altima available which was first made in 2007. The car comes in a 4-door sedan and a 2-door coupe.

National Research Council

National Research Council (NRC) of USA is the working arm of United States National Academies, carrying out most of the studies done in their names. The National Research Council was organized in 1916 in response to the increased need for scientific and technical services caused by World War I.

The president of National Academy of Sciences is the chair of its "Governing Board" and "Executive Committee"; the president of the National Academy of Engineering is vice chair. Its members are drawn from the councils of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine. 


Linas Kleiza

Linas Kleiza (born January 3, 1985 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian executive, and a former basketball player. 

Kleiza played college basketball with the University of Missouri Tigers. Kleiza was drafted into the NBA by the Portland Trailblazers in 2005, and was traded to the Denver Nuggets. Kleiza played in Denver from 2005 until 2009. In 2010, Kleiza joined the Toronto Raptors. In 2013 Kleiza left Toronto, and went to play for Fenerbahçe Basketball.

He has played for the Lithuanian national basketball team. 


Coxiella

Coxiella refers to a genus of gram-negative bacteria in the family Coxiellaceae. It is named after Harold Herald Rea Cox (1907–1986), an American bacteriologist. "Coxiella burnetii" is the only member of this genus. It is one of the Gammaproteobacteria.

Shewanella

Shewanella is the only genus included in the Shewanellaceae family of marine bacteria. "Shewanella" is a marine bacterium capable of modifying (or converting to an altered state) metals so they are much less toxic and can break up in the environment.

Mary Chapin Carpenter

Mary Chapin Carpenter ( b. February 21, 1958 ) is an Grammy Awards winning American folk and country singer - songwriter. Her first album was released in 1987. She has won five Grammy Awards. Carpenter has had many hit songs and albums. 

Carpenter was born February 21, 1958 in Princeton, New Jersey.



Marcia Gay Harden

Marcia Gay Harden (born August 14, 1959) is an American Academy Award winning television, movie and theater actress. She has acted in many television programs and in many movies. She is from La Jolla, San Diego, California.

Jack Skille

Jack Skille (born May 19, 1987 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Florida Panthers, and Columbus Blue Jackets.

Skille was traded to the Florida Panthers, along with Hugh Jessiman and David Pacan for Michael Frolik and the rights to goaltender Alexander Salak on February 9, 2011.

On July 1, 2014, Skille signed one-year, two-way contract with the New York Islanders.

Michael Frolík

Michael Frolík (born February 17, 1988 in Kladno, Czechoslovakia) is a professional Czech ice hockey player that currently plays for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League as a center. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers with the 10th overall pick in the 2006 NHL Draft. He also played for Rabat Kladno of the Czech Extraliga, the Florida Panthers of the NHL from 2008 to 2011 and the Chicago Blackhawks from 2010 to 2013.

Frolík was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks, along with Alexander Salak for Hugh Jessiman and David Pacan on February 9, 2011. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

During the 2013 NHL Entry draft, the Blackhawks traded Frolík to the Winnipeg Jets in exchange for the 74th and 134th overall picks in the 2013 NHL Entry draft.

International Commission of Jurists

International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) is a non-governmental organization created at Berlin in 1951 by specialists of law, lawyers or judges for the protection of human rights and rule of law.

The headquarters are in Geneva and has relationships with United Nations, Council of Europe and African Union. This commission has also played an important role in the creation of the International Criminal Court and the Yogyakarta Principles.

From 2008 to 2010, Mary Robinson was the president of this commission.

Paul Bibeault

Joseph Arsine Paul Emile Albert "Babe" Bibeault (April 12, 1919 – August 2, 1970) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks, Montreal Canadiens, Toronto Maple Leafs and Boston Bruins. Bibeault served briefly in the army, after he was discharged he joined the Toronto Maple Leafs in December, on loan for half of the 1943-44 NHL season. Bibeault was part of the 1944 NHL All-Star Team.

Bibeault is in the NHL record book for being one of five goaltending victims of a player’s five goals in a single playoff game.

Bibeault died on August 2, 1970 at the age of 51.


Martina McBride

Martina Mariea Schiff (born July 29, 1966), known professionally as Martina McBride, is an American country music singer and songwriter. McBride has been called the "Celine Dion of Country Music" for her big-voiced ballads and soprano range. She debuted around 1992, having five #1 singles between 1995 and 2001 and another during 2003. She has had a string of major hit singles.





Johnny Knoxville

Philip John Clapp (born March 11, 1971), known professionally as Johnny Knoxville, is an American actor, comedian, filmmaker and stunt performer. He is best known for being the co-creator and star of the MTV television series, Jackass.


Karl von Frisch

Karl Ritter von Frisch (20 November 1886 – 12 June 1982) was an Austrian ethologist who received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1973, jointly with Niko Tinbergen and Konrad Lorenz. 

His work was on the communication and senses of the European honey bee. He was the first to translate the meaning of the waggle dance. By doing the dance when they come back to the hive, honey bees indicated where they have found nectar, and other details.

His theory was disputed by other scientists and greeted with skepticism at the time. Only recently was it definitively proved to be an accurate theoretical analysis.

Sense of smell: Frisch discovered that bees can distinguish various blossoming plants by their scent, and that each bee is “flower constant”.

Polarization pattern: Light scattered in a blue sky forms a pattern of partially polarized ultraviolet light. This depends on the position of the sun, and is invisible to human eyes. Each lens unit of a compound eye has a UV receptor, and a UV filter oriented differently in each of these units, so a bee is able to detect this polarization pattern. A small piece of blue sky is enough for a bee to recognize the pattern changes occurring over the course of a day. This provides not only directional but also information on the time of day.

Variations in the daytime position of the sun: Karl von Frisch proved that variations in the position of the sun gave bees with a tool for navigation. They use this capability to get information on the progress of the day deep inside a dark beehive. This makes it possible for the bees to convey up-to-date directional information during their waggle dance, without having to make a comparison with the sun during long dance phases. 

Internal clock: Bees have an internal clock with three different synchronization or timekeeping mechanisms. If a bee knows the direction to a feeding place found during a morning excursion, it can also find the same location, as well as the precise time at which this source provides food, in the afternoon, based on the position of the sun.

A simple dance called “round dance” is used for nearby flowers. It means "there is a feeding place near the beehive at 50 to 100 meters". Blossom scent would also be picked up. 

The waggle dance proper is used to give the directions to a source further away. Other bees follow her as she dances, keeping in touch with their antennae. The dance takes a figure of eight, with variations such as angle and vigour of wiggles. The communication is apparently quite effective.

Tyler Seguin

Tyler Seguin (born January 31, 1992 in Brampton, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He was selected by the Boston Bruins with the 2nd overall pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. He played 2 seasons in the OHL with the Plymouth Whalers. Seguin has also played in the NHL for the Boston Bruins for 3 seasons. During his time with the Bruins, he won the Stanley Cup on June 15, 2011 when they defeated the Vancouver Canucks in game 7 by a score of 4-0. On July 4, 2013, he was traded by the Bruins along with Rich Peverley, and Ryan Button to the Dallas Stars for Loui Eriksson, along with Reilly Smith, Matt Fraser, and Joe Morrow.

He won a gold medal in the 2009 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament in Slovakia and a gold medal in the 2009 World U-17 Hockey Challenge in British Columbia.



Jeff Skinner

Jeffrey Skinner (born May 16, 1992 in Markham, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was picked by the Carolina Hurricanes with the seventh overall pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. He played in the OHL with the Kitchener Rangers. He was currently the youngest hockey player in the NHL during the 2010-11 season.



Gustav Stresemann

Gustav Stresemann (10 May 1878–3 October 1929) was a German liberal politician. He was Chancellor and Foreign Minister of Germany during the Weimar Republic. He shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1926.

Stresemann's politics are hard to define. Today, he is generally considered one of the most important leaders of Germany and a strong supporter of democracy in the fragile Weimar Republic. He is noted as one of the first to see European economic integration. His most important achievement was probably reconciliation between Germany and France, for which he and Aristide Briand received the Peace Prize.

Stresemann was born on 10 May 1878 in the Köpenicker Straße area of southeast Berlin, the youngest of seven children. His father worked as a beer bottler and distributor, and also ran a small bar out of the family home, as well as renting rooms for extra money. The family was lower middle class, but relatively well-off for the neighbourhood, and had enough money to give Gustav a high-quality education.

Stresemann was an excellent student, especially in German literature and poetry. In an essay written when he left school, he wrote that he would have enjoyed becoming a teacher, but he would only have been qualified to teach languages or the natural sciences, which were not his primary areas of interest. He entered the University of Berlin in 1897 to study political economy. During his studies, Stresemann was exposed to the principal political arguments of his day, particularly the German debate about socialism.

During his university years, Stresemann also became active in Burschenschaften movement of student fraternities, and in April 1898 became editor of the "Allgemeine Deutsche Universitäts-Zeitung" (), a newspaper run by Konrad Kuster, a leader in the liberal part of the Burschenschaften. His editorials for the paper were often political, and dismissed most political parties as wrong in one way or another. In these early writings, he combined liberalism with nationalism. In 1898, Stresemann left the University of Berlin, and went to the University of Leipzig so that he could study for a doctorate. He completed his studies in January 1901, submitting a thesis on the bottled beer industry in Berlin, which received a relatively high grade.

In 1902 he founded the Saxon Manufacturers' Association. In 1903 he married Käte Kleefeld (1885-1970), daughter of a wealthy Jewish Berlin businessman. At that time he was also a member of Friedrich Naumann's National-Social Association. In 1906 he was elected to the Dresden town council. Though he had initially worked in trade associations, Stresemann soon became a leader of the National Liberal Party in Saxony. In 1907, he was elected to the Reichstag, where he soon became a close associate of party chairman Ernst Bassermann. However, his support of more social-welfare programmes was not popular with some of the party's more conservative members, and he lost his post in the party's executive committee in 1912. Later that year he lost both his Reichstag and town council seats. He returned to business and founded the German-American Economic Association. In 1914 he returned to the Reichstag. He was exempted from war service due to poor health. With Bassermann kept away from the Reichstag by either illness or military service, Stresemann soon became the National Liberals' de facto leader. After Bassermann's death in 1917, Stresemann was party leader.

His political ideas grew and changed. At first, in the German Empire, Stresemann was on the left wing of the National Liberals. During World War I, he gradually moved to the right. He supported the monarchy and Germany's expansionist goals. He also spoke in support of unrestricted submarine warfare. However, he still favoured an expansion of the social welfare programme, and also supported allowing more ordinary Prussians to vote.

When the Allies' peace terms became known, Constantin Fehrenbach denounced them and claimed "the will to break the chains of slavery would be implanted" into a generation of Germans. Stresemann said of this speech: "He was inspired in that hour by God to say what was felt by the German people. His words, spoken under Fichte's portrait, the final words of which merged into “"Deutschland, Deutschland über alles"”, made it an unforgettably solemn hour. There was in that sense a kind of uplifting grandeur. The impression left on all was tremendous".

Stresemann briefly joined the German Democratic Party after the war, but was expelled for his association with the right wing. He then gathered most of the right wing of the old National Liberal Party into the German People's Party (, DVP), with himself as chairman. Most of its support came from middle class and upper class Protestants. It promoted Christian family values, non-religious education, lower tariffs, opposition to welfare spending and agrarian subsides and hostility to "Marxism" (that is, the Communists, and also the Social Democrats).

The DVP was at first seen, along with the German National People's Party, as part of the "national opposition" to the Weimar Republic, particularly for its grudging acceptance of democracy and its attitude towards the Freikorps and the Kapp Putsch in 1920. Although they did not support the Freikorps, the party did not publicly condemn them either. By late 1920, Stresemann gradually moved to cooperation with the parties of the left and centre – possibly in reaction to political murders like that of Walther Rathenau. However, he remained a monarchist.

On 13 August 1923, in the midst of the Ruhr Crisis, he was appointed Chancellor and Foreign Minister of a grand coalition government. As Chancellor, Stresemann went a long way towards resolving the crisis. In the so-called year of crises (1923) he showed strength by calling-off the popular peaceful resistance at the Ruhr. Since Germany was no longer able to pay the striking workers, more and more money was printed, which led to hyperinflation. Hans Luther, who was the current finance minister, ended this disastrous process by introducing a new currency, the Rentenmark, which reassured the people that the democratic system was willing and able to solve urgent problems.

Stresemann's decision to end passive resistance was motivated by his view that making a good faith effort to fulfil the terms of Versailles was the only way to win relief from the treaty's harsher provisions. He, like virtually every German, felt Versailles was an onerous "Diktat" that sullied the nation's honour. However, he felt that trying to fulfil the treaty's terms was the only way Germany could demonstrate that the reparations bill was truly beyond its capacity. He also wished to recover the Rhineland - he wrote to the Crown Prince on 23 July 1923: "The most important objective of German politics is the liberation of German territory from foreign occupation. First, we must remove the strangler from our throat".

However, some of his moves - like his refusal to deal firmly with culprits of the Beer Hall Putsch - alienated the Social Democrats. They left the coalition and caused its collapse on 23 November 1923. Stresemann remained as Foreign Minister in the government of his successor, Centrist Wilhelm Marx. He remained foreign minister for the rest of his life in eight successive governments ranging from the centre-right to the centre-left.

As Foreign Minister, Stresemann had numerous achievements. His first notable achievement was the Dawes Plan of 1924, which reduced Germany's overall reparations commitment and reorganized the Reichsbank.

After Sir Austen Chamberlain became British Foreign Secretary, he wanted a British guarantee to France and Belgium as the Anglo-American guarantee had fallen due to the United States' refusal to ratify the Treaty of Versailles. Stresemann later wrote: "Chamberlain had never been our friend. His first act was to attempt to restore the old Entente through a three-power alliance of England, France and Belgium, directed against Germany. German diplomacy faced a catastrophic situation". Stresemann conceived the idea that Germany would guarantee her western borders and pledged never to invade Belgium and France again, along with a guarantee from Britain that they would come to Germany's aid if attacked by France. Germany was in no position at the time to attack, as Stresemann wrote to the Crown Prince: "The renunciation of a military conflict with France has only a theoretical significance, in so far as there is no possibility of a war with France". Stresemann negotiated the Locarno Treaties with Britain, France, Italy, and Belgium. On the third day of negotiations Stresemann explained Germany's demands to the French Foreign Secretary, Aristide Briand. As Stresemann recorded, Briand "almost fell off his sofa, when he heard my explanations". Stresemann said that Germany alone should not make sacrifices for peace; European countries should cede colonies to Germany; the disarmament control commission should leave Germany; the Anglo-French occupation of the Rhineland should be ended; and Britain and France should disarm as Germany had done. The Treaties were signed in October 1925 at Locarno. Germany officially recognized the post-World War I western border for the first time, and was guaranteed peace with France, and promised admission to the League of Nations and evacuation of the last Allied occupation troops from the Rhineland. Germany's eastern borders were guaranteed to Poland only by France, not by a general agreement.

Stresemann was not willing to conclude a similar treaty with Poland: "There will be no Locarno of the east" he said. Moreover, he never excluded the use of force to regain the eastern territories of Germany which had come under Polish control as a consequence of the Treaty of Versailles. The reason were atrocities against the German minority in the former German territories committed by or tolerated by the Polish government: . In the session of the League of Nations on 15 December 1928 in Lugano Stresemann formulated a furious charge against Poland because of these crimes which were well known to the League of Nations. The chairman Aristide Briand, French foreign minister, concluded the session after this speech with the words: "The League of Nations must never break the sacred support of the minority-rights."

After this reconciliation with the Versailles powers, Stresemann moved to allay the growing suspicion of the Soviet Union. He said to Nikolay Krestinsky in June 1925, as recorded in his diary: "I had said I would not come to conclude a treaty with Russia so long as our political situation in the other direction was not cleared up, as I wanted to answer the question whether we had a treaty with Russia in the negative". The Treaty of Berlin signed in April 1926 reaffirmed and strengthened the Rapallo Treaty of 1922. In September 1926, Germany was admitted to the League of Nations as permanent member of the Security Council. This was a sign that Germany was quickly becoming a "normal" state and assured the Soviet Union of Germany's sincerity in the Treaty of Berlin. Stresemann wrote to the Crown Prince: "All the questions which to-day preoccupy the German people can be transformed into as many vexations for the Entente by a skilful orator before the League of Nations". As Germany now had a veto on League resolutions, she could gain concessions from other countries on modifications on the Polish border or Anschluss with Austria, as other countries needed her vote. Germany could now act as "the spokesman of the whole German cultural community" and thereby provoke the German minorities in Czechoslovakia and Poland.

Stresemann was co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1926 for these achievements.

Germany signed the Kellogg-Briand Pact in August 1928. It renounced the use of violence to resolve international conflicts. Although Stresemann did not propose the pact, Germany's adherence convinced many people that Weimar Germany was a Germany that could be reasoned with. This new insight was instrumental in the Young Plan of February 1929 which led to more reductions in German reparations payment.

Gustav Stresemann's success owed much to his friendly personal character and his willingness to change. He was close personal friends with many influential foreigners. The most noted was Briand, with whom he shared the Peace Prize.

Stresemann was not, however, in any sense pro-French. His main preoccupation was how to free Germany from the burden of reparations payments to Britain and France, imposed by the Treaty of Versailles. His strategy for this was to forge an economic alliance with the United States. The U.S. was Germany's main source of food and raw materials, and one of Germany's largest export markets for manufactured goods. Germany's economic recovery was thus in the interests of the U.S., and gave the U.S. an incentive to help Germany escape from the reparations burden. The Dawes and Young plans were the result of this strategy. Stresemann had a close relationship with Herbert Hoover, who was Secretary of Commerce in 1921-28 and President from 1929. This strategy worked remarkably well until it was derailed by the Great Depression after Stresemann's death.
During his period in the foreign ministry, Stresemann came more and more to accept the Republic, which he had at first rejected. By the mid-1920s, having contributed much to a (temporary) consolidation of the feeble democratic order, Stresemann was regarded as a "Vernunftrepublikaner" (republican by reason) - someone who accepted the Republic as the least of all evils, but was in their heart still loyal to the monarchy. The conservative opposition criticized him for supporting the republic and fulfilling too willingly the demands of the Western powers. Along with Matthias Erzberger and others, he was attacked as an "Erfüllungspolitiker" ("fulfillment politician").

In 1925, when he first proposed an agreement with France, he made it clear that in doing so he intended to "gain a free hand to secure a peaceful change of the borders in the East and [...] concentrate on a later incorporation of German territories in the East". In the same year, while Poland was in a state of political and economic crisis, Stresemann began a trade war against the country. Stresemann hoped for an escalation of the Polish crisis, which would enable Germany to regain territories ceded to Poland after World War I, and he wanted Germany to gain a larger market for its products there. So Stresemann refused to engage in any international cooperation that would have "prematurely" restabilized the Polish economy. In response to a British proposal, Stresemann wrote to the German ambassador in London: "[A] final and lasting recapitalization of Poland must be delayed until the country is ripe for a settlement of the border according to our wishes and until our own position is sufficiently strong". According to Stresemann's letter, there should be no settlement "until [Poland's] economic and financial distress has reached an extreme stage and reduced the entire Polish body politic to a state of powerlessness".

Gustav Stresemann died of a stroke in October 1929 at the age of 51. His massive gravesite is in Berlin's Luisenstadt Cemetery at Südstern in Kreuzberg, and includes work by the German sculptor Hugo Lederer. Stresemann's sudden and premature death, as well as the death of his "pragmatic moderate" French counterpart Aristide Briand in 1932, and the assassination of Briand's successor Louis Barthou in 1934, left a vacuum in European statesmanship that further tilted the slippery slope towards World War II.

Gustav and Käthe had two sons, Wolfgang and Joachim Stresemann.



Changes



Amon Amarth (band)

Amon Amarth is a melodic death metal band from Tumba, an outer quarter of Stockholm, Sweden. They signed a recording contract with the US-american label "Metal Blade Records". The band was founded in 1996.

Their lyrics are mostly about viking battles and viking gods, but they do not want to be called a "Viking Metal band".

Their most recent album, "The Great Heathen Army", was released on August 5, 2022. It was #1 on the music charts in Germany.

Amon Amarth band was formed from the previous band, Scum, which was formed in 1988. After a 1991 demo, the band broke up. Johan Hegg convinced the other members to come together again, and they formed Amon Amarth in 1992. They recorded their first demo, "Thor Arise" (1993), with Johan Hegg on vocals, Anders Hansson on guitar and Ted Lundström on bass. It was never released because it was low quality. However, the band caught the attention of a lot of extreme metal fans. In 1994 another demo, "The Arrival of the Fimbul Winter", was recorded and 1,000 copies were released.

They then signed with Metal Blade Records and released their first album, "Once Sent from the Golden Hall". The album made Amon Amarth famous internationally. In June of 1998, Amon Amarth was about to go on tour with Deicide, Six Feet Under, Brutal Truth when guitarist Anders Hansson left and was replaced by Johan Soderberg. After the tour Martin Lopez quit to join Opeth and Fredrik Andersson (ex-A Canorous Quintet) came in. With him in Spring 1999 the band recorded and released its second full-length, "The Avenger".

They released "The Crusher" in 2001, and went on tour to support it with Marduk, Vader. It was planned to be held in the United States, but was cancelled because of the September 11 attacks. It was held a year later later instead, but this time without Marduk. In April 2002 the band toured Europe with Vomitory and in August performed at Wacken Open Air in front of 12,000 fans. "Versus The World", their 4th studio album, was released on 18 November 2002. The bonus edition of the album included their earlier demos. Touring continued until Spring of 2004 when the band started working on the "Fate of Norns" album which was released on 6 September 2004. With Oden on Our Side was released two years later, and Allmusic said about the band, "Amon Amarth continue to be champions of the worldwide death metal tournament."

They went on tour in Australia and New Zealand for the first time in January of 2008. They toured with Dimmu Borgir after finishing another tour with Sonic Syndicate and Himsa.

Amon Amarth extended its record deal with Metal Blade Records in 2008 for three more albums. After extending its record deal, the band released "Twilight of the Thunder God". The album had many guest appearances, including Lars Göran Petrov, Roope Latvala, and Apocalyptica. The album came with an eight-page comic strip based on Norse mythology which was released by magazines in Europe. "Twilight of the Thunder God" was very successful and reached number 6 in Germany, number 10 in Finland, number 11 in Sweden, number 14 in Austria, number 21 in Switzerland. It ended up at the number 7 position in Revolver Magazine’s Top 20 Albums that year.

The band went on another North America tour in October 2008 along with Ensiferum, Belphegor and The Absence. Amon Amarth played its first show in India, headlining the Deccan Rock Festival in Bangalore on 5 December 2009 and played with Slayer during their European tour.

They released their 8th album, "Surtur Rising", on 29 March 2011. Metal Blade Records released their first single, "War of the Gods," on 27 January 2011 via YouTube. To support the album, the band went on a 4-month world tour with Children Of Bodom and Ensiferum, among others.

Amon Amarth performed at Wacken Open Air in 2012, Hellfest 2013, Download Festival 2013, Sweden Rock Festival and Mayhem Festival 2013.

On 25 June 2013 Amon Amarth released its ninth studio album, "Deceiver of the Gods." The album cover showed Ragnarök during the last battle between the Æsir gods and Loki, accompanied by the army of the dead.

On 19 March 2015 Amon Amarth posted on Facebook that their drummer Fredrik Andersson had left the band after 17 years of working together. The band released its 10th album "Jomsviking" on 25 March 2016. Tobias Gustafsson, was used as a new drummer for this album. From 22 March to 25 March, they played shows in London, Paris, Tilburg and Berlin. They also played with Testament in the UK on a tour from October and November 2016.






Haley Joel Osment

Haley Joel Osment (born April 10, 1988) is an American actor and voice artist. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He is the brother of Emily Osment. He had many television and movie roles throughout the 1990s. He is best known for starring in movies including "Forrest Gump" (1994) and "The Sixth Sense" (1999). 

Glasgow International Airport

Glasgow International Airport () (used to be called Glasgow Abbotsinch Airport) is an international airport in Scotland. It is west of the Glasgow city centre. The airport is in Paisley and near Renfrew in Renfrewshire. In 2011, almost 6.9 million passengers passed through the airport. This was 5.1% more than 2010. This makes Glasgow the second busiest airport in Scotland (Edinburgh Airport is the busiest). It is also the eighth busiest airport in the United Kingdom. Glasgow Airport is the primary airport of Greater Glasgow.

The airport is owned by Heathrow Airport Holdings Limited. Heathrow Airport Holdings Limited owns four other UK airports. ADI Limited owns Heathrow Airport Holdings Limited. The airlines which use the airport the most are British Airways and Loganair (as Flybe). Loganair uses Glasgow as a hub. Other big airlines using Glasgow as a base include BMI Regional, Flybe, EasyJet, Jet2, Thomas Cook Airlines and Thomson Airways.

Glasgow Airport was first opened in 1966. First, the only flights which took off from there flew to other places in the United Kingdom and Europe. The British Airports Authority (BAA) took control of the airport in 1975. In the 1980s, flights from Glasgow began to go to other places in the world.

On 30 June 2007, Glasgow Airport had a terrorist attack. A Jeep Cherokee filled with propane canisters was driven into the main terminal building. It caused some damage, killed one person (the terrorist) and injured four people.

Mikhail Chigorin

Mikhail Ivanovich Chigorin (Gatchina, Russia, 12 November 1850 – Lublin, Poland, 25 January 1908) was a leading Russian chess player.

He was a major source of inspiration for the "Soviet school of chess", which dominated the chess world in the middle and latter parts of the 20th century.

Chigorin was for a while one of the world's top four players. He twice challenged Wilhelm Steinitz for the World Chess Championship. Both matches were held in Havana. In 1889 Steinitz won 10½–6½, and in 1892 by 12½–10½. Chigorin drew an 1893 match with Siegbert Tarrasch in Saint Petersburg (11–11); Tarrasch was probably the world #2 at that time.

Chigorin made a number of contributions to the theory of chess openings. The most important were the Chigorin Variation of the Ruy Lopez (1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.O-O Be7 6.Re1 b5 7.Bb3 d6 8.c3 O-O 9.h3 Na5) and the Chigorin Defence to the Queen's Gambit (1.d4 d5 2.c4 Nc6).

Chigorin gave many lectures, wrote magazine articles and chess columns. He subsidised or otherwise supported a number of periodicals to keep them afloat despite low readership levels. He also founded a chess club in Saint Petersburg and tried for many years to establish a chess association, an attempt that finally succeeded just a few years after his death.

His early death was caused by diabetes, for which there was no remedy at the time.

Fran Drescher

Francine Joy "Fran" Drescher (born September 30, 1957) is an American television, movie, musical theatre and voice actress, television director and producer, comedian, screenwriter, model, health, LGBT rights and political activist. She is of Jewish descent.

Her acting career began around 1977 when she acted in the movie "Saturday Night Fever". She is best known for playing Fran Fine from the sitcom "The Nanny". Her other notable movie roles include "Jack" (1996) and "Beautician and the Beast" (1997).

Drescher wrote her memoirs and is a Universal Life Church minister. She was born in New York City.

She is a uterine cancer survivor. She is a Democrat and a critic of capitalism. In 1985, she was raped by armed robbers.

In September 2021, Drescher was elected President of SAG-AFTRA.

En Vogue

En Vouge are an American female R&B and pop quartet. Four members-Cindy Herron, Terry Ellis, Dawn Robinson and Maxine Jones-make up this female group. En Vogue released their first record "Born to Sing" during 1990. They won many awards in the 1990s and 2000s, including seven MTV Video Music Awards and four Soul Train Awards.



Smart Technologies

Smart Technologies is a company that was started in Calgary, Alberta, Canada in 1987. It is most famous for its invention of the "Smart Board", which is the most popular interactive whiteboard in the world.

Smart Technologies has received over 15 awards, including the 2009 EdNET Pioneer Award. In 2010, the company placed shares on the NASDAQ stock exchange and Toronto Stock Exchange.

In 2016, SMART Technologies Inc. was acquired by Foxconn for $200 million.

Icing (ice hockey)

Icing in ice hockey is a rule the happens when a player shoots the puck across at least two red lines, the other team's goal line being the last, and the puck remains untouched but it is not icing if the player shoots the puck from behind the halfway line of the ice into the goal. If the goal went into the net it would be counted as a goal. There is also automatic or no-touch icing which is used mostly in lower-level professional hockey leagues like the ECHL and Central Hockey League, It was enforced in 1990 after Luděk Čajka, a Czech player rushed to get to the puck in an icing situation, he crashed into the boards, suffered severe spinal injuries, and died a few weeks later. Sometimes the goaltender will raise his hand for icing also.

If icing is waved off by a referee it is either because:


Copenhagen interpretation

The Copenhagen interpretation is an interpretation of quantum mechanics in physics. It was developed by Werner Heisenberg and Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen in 1927. It is based on an idea called Born's law of the wave function by the Nobel Prize laureate Max Born. It is one of the first usable models of quantum mechanics.

Cam Fowler

Cam Fowler (born December 5, 1991 in Windsor, Ontario) is an American-Canadian NHL ice hockey defenceman for the Anaheim Ducks. He was picked by the Anaheim Ducks with the twelfth overall pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. He played in the OHL with the Windsor Spitfires. He holds dual citizenship because his mother is a native of Michigan and his father is a native to Newfoundland.



Staphylococcus

Staphylococcus is a genus of gram-positive bacteria. The name comes from the ("staphylē") which means "bunch of grapes" and κόκκος ("kókkos") which means "granule". Under a microscope they appear round, because they are cocci. They form in grape-like clusters.

The "Staphylococcus" genus includes at least forty species. Of these, nine have two subspecies and one has three subspecies. Most are harmless and live normally on the skin and mucous membranes of humans and other organisms. Found worldwide, they are a small component of soil microbial flora.


Streptococcus

Streptococcus is a genus of spherical Gram-positive bacteria belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and the lactic acid bacteria group. They are cocci, meaning that they are shaped like spheres or circles. Cellular division occurs along a single axis in these bacteria, and thus they grow in chains or pairs, hence the name from Greek στρεπτος "streptos", meaning easily bent or twisted, like a chain (twisted chain). Contrast this with staphylococci, which divide along multiple axes and generate grape-like clusters of cells. Streptococci are oxidase and catalase-negative, and many are facultative anaerobes.

Kimberley Locke

Kimberley Dawn Locke (born January 3, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter and model. Locke first came to national attention when she was a contestant on "American Idol".

Locke was born in Hartsville, Tennessee.

BlackBerry

BlackBerry is a line of mobile phones made by the Canadian company BlackBerry Limited (originally known as Research In Motion, or RIM, NASDAQ:BBRY). It does many different things like a computer but is small enough to fit in someone's hand. It is a mobile phone; it makes calls without wires. It can access the Internet as well. It also has a calendar and camera, and can send text messages. The BlackBerry started out as a pager and later turned into a mobile phone. The BlackBerry has a PIN which is an eight character hexadecimal identification number which is given to every BlackBerry phone. The President of The United States Barack Obama use9 and supported the BlackBerry.

in 2012, when it was most popular, there were 80,000,000 users across the world. 


Penélope Cruz

Penélope Cruz Sánchez (; ; born 28 April 1974 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish television and movie actress. She has starred in many movies of many different genres, including "Vicky Cristina Barcelona". Cruz got her start when she was picked from 300 other girls in a talent agency audition at age 15. This led to acting jobs in television and in commercials. Her movie debut was in 1992. She has been married to Javier Bardem since 2010. They have two children.


Mount Rowan

Mount Rowan is a small extinct volcano on the edge of the city of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. It was also known as Waldies Hill. It is 518 metres above sea level. The lava flows from the volcano are thought to be from 2.1 million to 2.9 million years ago. It is one of the 123 volcanoes in the Ballarat and Daylesford area. These are part of the Western Victorian Volcanic Plains. In 2009, a geologist, Professor Bernie Joyce warned that the volcanoes around Ballarat could become active again.

Laura Branigan

Laura Ann Branigan (July 3, 1952 – August 26, 2004) was an American singer, songwriter and actress. She was best known for her 1982 platinum hit "Gloria". She also starred on several television shows. Branigan's songs were featured in soundtracks for the movies "Flashdance" and "Ghostbusters".

Branigan was born on July 3, 1952 in Brewster, New York, United States. Her father was an account executive and mutual funds broker. In 1970, she graduated from high school and attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City.

Branigan toured Europe as a backup singer with Leonard Cohen. She started her solo career in 1982. Her first album, "Branigan", was released in 1982. A song "Gloria" from that album stayed on top of the pop charts for 36 weeks. It reached number six on the British pop charts. It was a remake of an Italian song from the 1970s. The song got her a nomination for a Grammy for best female pop singer. She was nominated for three more during her career. She released seven more albums. She co-wrote the song "How Am I Supposed To Live Without You?" with a then unknown Michael Bolton. In 1981 Branigan appeared on German television in "An American Girl in Berlin". She was a guest on the American TV show, "CHiPS". She starred in the movie "Mugsy's Girls" in 1984. She also appeared in the 1988 movie "Backstage". In 2002 she starred in the Off-Broadway production of "Love, Janis", playing Janis Joplin. She received rave (very good) reviews for her performance.

In 1981, Branigan met Larry Kruteck, an attorney, at a party in Manhattan. They married that same year, when she was 24 years old and he was 44. In 1994 her husband was diagnosed with colon cancer. She quit singing to take care of him full time. Kruteck died in 1996. In 2001, as she was just returning to singing again, she fell from a ladder at her home and broke both her legs. Branigan was in physical therapy for six months.

On August 26, 2004, Branigan died of a brain aneurysm. She died in her sleep at her home in East Quogue, New York. She was 52 years old.

Bangladesh–South Korea relations

Bangladesh–South Korea relations are foreign relations between Bangladesh and South Korea. Bangladesh is the nation which established both relations among two Koreas. North Korea made its official diplomacy with Bangladesh in 1973.

In 1974, South Korea opened its embassy in the capital Dhaka while her counterpart in 1987.

Aalten

Aalten is a town and municipality in the eastern Netherlands, in the province of Gelderland. It lies in the Achterhoek region near the German border.

The former municipality of Bredevoort merged into Aalten in 1818 and that of Dinxperlo in 2005. Aalten village had about 17,400 inhabitants and Aalten municipality about 27,000 inhabitants in 2021.



Calico sheep

Calico sheep is a kind of sheep with more than one color in its coat. It is a mutation, but not a recognized breed.

Calico sheep are not related to the black and white sheep that are native to ancient Sudan and to South Africa. 

The modern mutation was developed by breeding the Shetland sheep with Barbadian Black Belly Sheep. 





Peat

Peat, or turf, is an accumulation of partially decayed vegetation. Peat forms in wetland bogs, moors, mires, and swamps. 

Peat forms when plant material, usually in marshy areas, is inhibited from decaying fully by acidic and anaerobic conditions. It is composed mainly of marshland vegetation: trees, grasses, fungi, as well as other types of organic remains, such as insects, and animal remains. Under certain conditions, the decomposition of the latter (in the absence of oxygen) is inhibited.

Peat formed in very wet conditions accumulates faster, and is less decomposed, than that in drier places. This allows climatologists to use peat as an indicator of climatic change. The composition of peat can also be used to reconstruct ancient ecologies by examining the types and quantities of its organic constituents.

Under the proper conditions, peat is the earliest stage in the formation of coal. The coal measures of the Pennsylvanian period were laid down in a gigantic tropical river basin, and later squeezed and heated to form the metamorphic rock we call 'coal'.

Most modern peat bogs formed in high latitudes after the retreat of the glaciers at the end of the last ice age some 9,000 years ago. They usually grow slowly, at the rate of about a millimetre per year.

The peat in the world's peatlands has been forming for 360 million years and contains 550 Gigatonnes of carbon.

Peat is harvested as an important source of fuel in certain parts of the world. By volume, there are about 4 trillion m³ of peat in the world covering a total of around 2% of global land area (about 3 million km²), containing about 8 billion terajoules of energy.

Peat is soft and easily compressed. Under pressure, water in the peat is forced out. Upon drying, peat can be used as a fuel. It has industrial importance as a fuel in some countries, such as Ireland and Finland, where it is harvested on an industrial scale. In many countries, including Ireland and Scotland, where trees are often scarce, peat is traditionally used for cooking and domestic heating. Stacks of drying peat dug from the bogs can still be seen in some rural areas.

Peat's insulating properties make it of use to industry.

Peat fires are used to dry malted barley for use in Scotch whisky distillation. This gives Scotch whisky its distinctive smoky flavour, often called "peatiness".

Although peat has many uses for humans, it also presents problems. When dry, it can be a major fire hazard, as peat fires can burn almost indefinitely (or at least until the fuel is exhausted). Peat fires can even burn underground, reigniting after the winter, provided there is a source of oxygen. Peat deposits also pose major difficulties to builders of structures, roads, and railways, as they are highly compressible under even small loads. When the West Highland Line was built across Rannoch Moor in western Scotland, its builders had to float the tracks on a mattress of tree roots, brushwood and thousands of tons of earth and ashes.

Civilization (series)

Civilization is a series of computer games made by Sid Meier. In it, you make a virtual civilization going from thousands of years ago to the near future. The game is played by doing certain things each turn. You can move units or make them do stuff, build or change cities, and negotiate with other civilizations. These civilizations are controlled by a computer. You win by taking over other civilizations, building a spaceship, or getting the highest score.

At the beginning, you chose which civilization to play. Each one has its own characteristics (something that makes it different from the others). Cities are very important. You need them to build buildings that improve the city, and units. The units can attack other units, build more cities, and improve the land. You can also research technologies. Technologies allow you to do more things. 

There are five main games in the series, called Civilization I-VI (1-6). Some of them have expansion packs. There is also Civilization Revolution, which is like Civilization 1-6, but it works on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, and iPhone. The first version, Civilization, was released in 1991, and games have been released ever since. Civilization has existed since 1989

These are the versions of the game. They are in order from oldest to newest.


Unreliable narrator

An unreliable narrator in literature, movie, or theatre, is a narrator (storyteller) who cannot tell a story with a neutral point of view. The term was made in 1961 by Wayne C. Booth in "The Rhetoric of Fiction".

Narrator

A narrator is a person who tells a story to an audience. Narrators occur in face-to-face story-telling, and in literary works, movies, and plays. They can be fictional, or they can be real people. When the narrator is also a character within the story, he or she is sometimes known as the viewpoint character. The narrator is one of three parts in any story-telling. The others are the author and the audience; in literature, the latter is the reader. 

The author and the audience both live in the real world. It is the author's function to create the universe, people, and events within the story. It is the audience's function to understand and interpret the story. The narrator only exists within the world of the story and presents it in a way the audience can grasp. In non-fiction the narrator and the author may be the same person, since the real world and the world of the story may be the same.


Ace of Base

Ace of Base are a Swedish pop-rock group. The beginning of this group was in 1990. There have been changes in the members of Ace of Base many times. They had four studio albums between 1993 and 2002.


Minnie Driver

Amelia Fiona J. Driver (born 31 January 1970), known professionally as Minnie Driver, is an English actress and singer. Her notable motion pictures include "Good Will Hunting".

Driver was born in Finsbury Park, London.

Salama Moussa

Salama Moussa (or Musa; 1887 – 4 August 1958) (  , ) was a notable Egyptian journalist and reformer in the 1920s. He was born in Zagazig. His family was Coptic Christian. Moussa was interested in many areas of science and culture. He strongly believed that human intelligence could create progress and a better life. In 1908, he travelled to Europe and studied literature, philosophy, social and natural sciences. He continued studying these subjects throughout his life.

Moussa belonged to a group of intellectuals who wanted to simplify Arabic and its grammar. They wanted Egyptian Arabic to officially become the Modern Egyptian language. His conservative opponents became angry with him. Standard Arabic had not changed for generations. Most Egyptian people could not read or write that Standard Arabic. Therefore, Moussa and other thinkers said people should write in the common, local Arabic. People still discuss making language simpler and more modern in Egypt. Salama Moussa's writings continue to be popular.

Salama Moussa was a mentor of Naguib Mahfouz. Mahfouz was an Egyptian Nobel prize-winner in literature. Moussa told Mahfouz: "You have much talent, but your essays are no good." After that, Mahfouz chose his topics more carefully.

Salama Moussa became seriously ill and died on 4 August 1958.



Warcraft II: Beyond the Dark Portal

Warcraft II: Beyond the Dark Portal is an expansion pack developed by Cyberlore Studios, released in 1996 by Blizzard Entertainment for their award winning real-time strategy computer game "". As with most computer game expansion packs, "Beyond the Dark Portal" requires a full version of the original game to run.

Burkholderia gladioli

Burkholderia gladioli is a species of bacteria that needs oxygen (aerobic) and is shaped like a rod. It causes disease in humans and plants and can live in symbiosis with plants and fungi. It is found in soil, water, the rhizosphere, and in many animals.

United Football League (2009–2012)

The United Football League is an American Football league that was founded (created) in 2007. The first season was played in 2009. The Las Vegas Locomotives have won both seasons so far.

Classics

Classics or classical studies is a branch of the humanities which studies classical antiquity. It includes many fields of study such as history, philology, philosophy, history, art, languages, literature, and archaeology. In the Western world, it focuses on Mediterranean cultures such as ancient Greece and ancient Rome. A person who works in classical studies is called a classicist. The study of classical literature was traditionally the main focus of the humanities.

Chase &amp; Status

Chase & Status are an electronic production duo from London consisting of Saul "Chase" Milton and Will "Status" Kennard.

Chase & Status have had three number one tracks on the UK Dance Chart in 2007 with the double A-side "Hurt You"/"Sell Me Your Soul", and in 2008 with "Take Me Away"/"Judgement (Informer)". On 5 October 2008, they reached number 70 on the national singles chart and number one on the UK Dance Chart again with their single "Pieces" with vocals by Plan B. In 2009, they made number 45 with "Against All Odds" which had UK rapper Kano on vocals.

Chase & Status' first album, "More Than Alot", debuted in the UK album charts at number 49 on 19 October 2008 and entered the UK dance album chart at number 2.

Their album "More Than Alot" received the Best Album Award at the 2009 Drum and Bass awards, Birmingham, UK.

Following the success of their last album the band wanted to gain a more global success. After meeting with a long time favourite of theirs, Cloud9, they decided to move in a different direction. Together they agreed that the band should do more pop collaborations in order to achieve a more better fanbase. Soon afterwards they quickly began working on the album. On 8 November 2009, the duo entered the UK Top 40 for the first time with the track "End Credits". The track was released on 2 November 2009 and featuring British musician Plan B managed to reach a peak of number 9 on the UK Singles Chart. The single was written for the movie "Harry Brown", which also starred Ben Drew, aka. Plan B.

The duo then released "Let You Go" on 15 August 2010, revealing it to be the second official single to be released from their second studio album, named "No More Idols" according to posters outside their album launch show at the HMV Forum in Kentish Town on October 21. The single had vocals from Mali and debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 11; marking the duo's second Top 40 hit in a row. "Hypest Hype" featuring Tempa T was confirmed in October 2010 to be the third single from the album and was released as a free download from their website on 8 November 2010; meaning it did not qualify to chart. The fourth single from the album is the dubstep-flavoured "Blind Faith", which features Nottingham-born soul singer/songwriter Liam Bailey was released on January 24, 2011. The new album also contains a new single 'Heavy' with Dizzee Rascal.

ESC/P

ESC/P is a printer control language developed by Epson. The language was popular with dot-matrix printers. It uses escape codes, a command starts with the escape character. As an example, ESC E will switch on bold, and ESC F will switch it off. There are different versions of the protocol, which was also used by other printer manufacturers. Today, ESC/P is rarely used any more; modern printers use page description languages like Postscript, PCL or PDF.

Shirred eggs

Shirred eggs (also known as baked eggs, or in ) are eggs cooked in a manner which results in a firm white but soft or runny yolk. The name comes from the dish in which the eggs are cooked.

The eggs are placed in small dishes called ramekins with a knob of butter on top and baked at 180°C (350°F) until the white is set, but the yolk remains soft, which takes around 15 minutes.

Variations involve replacing the butter with various types of cream. Provence and Normandy have their own versions.


Printer Command Language

The Printer Command Language (often shortened to PCL) is a page description language, developed by Hewlett-Packard. As of 2011, most modern printers understand PCL. Its complexity is between pure ASCII text, such as in ESC-P, and for example Postscript. There are different versions of the language. Common versions:

Except where stated, PCL versions are downwards compatible. A printer that supports PCL6 can also be programmed using PCL3, for example. 

PCL is a very efficient way of coding. For this reason, certain manufacturers build high-volume printers that support different versions of PCL. Such printers can do more than 1000 pages per minute. 

Graphics Device Interface

The Graphics Device Interface is an API of Microsoft Windows used for representing graphical objects and transmitting them to output devices, such as printers and monitors.

GDI is responsible for tasks such as drawing lines and curves, rendering fonts and handling palettes. It is not directly responsible for drawing windows, menus, etc.; that task is reserved for another subsystem built on top of GDI. Other systems have components that are similar to GDI, for example Macintosh's QuickDraw and GNOME/GTK's GDK/Xlib.

Perhaps the most significant capability of GDI over more direct methods of accessing the hardware is its scaling capabilities, and abstraction of target devices. Using GDI, it is very easy to draw on multiple devices, such as a screen and a printer, and expect proper reproduction in each case. This capability is at the center of all What You See Is What You Get applications for Microsoft Windows.

Simple games that do not require fast graphics rendering use GDI. However, GDI cannot animate properly as it has no notion of synchronizing with the framebuffer, and lacks rasterization for 3D. Modern games usually use DirectX or OpenGL instead, which give programmers the capabilities to use features of modern hardware.

Ramekin

A ramekin or is a small glazed ceramic or glass serving bowl used for preparating and serving various food dishes. The word is from French (as "ramequin"), and before that Middle Dutch and Middle Low German.

Ramekins usually have a volume of , and are dishes commonly used for serving a variety of dishes such as crème brûlée, French onion soup, Molten chocolate cake, moimoi, cheese or egg dishes, poi, potted shrimps, ice cream, soufflé, baked "cocottes", crumbles, or scallops or used to serve side garnishes and condiments alongside an entree.

Traditionally circular with a fluted exterior, ramekins can also be found in novelty shapes, such as flowers, hearts or stars.

Ramekins are built to withstand high temperatures, as they are often used in ovens, or in the case of crème brûlée, exposed to the flame of a cooking torch.

Maratha, Santalaris and Aloda massacre

Maratha, Santalaris and Aloda massacre (Turkish: Muratağa, Sandallar ve Atlılar katliamı) was a massacre of 126 Turkish Cypriots in the villages of Maratha (Muratağa), Santalaris (Sandallar) and Aloda (Atlılar) in Cyprus. It happened on 14-16 August 1974, done by Cyprus Greek. The massacre was committed by EOKA-B.

89 (or 84) Turkish Cypriots people were killed by Cypriot Greeks in Maratha and Santalaris. Another 37 Turkish Cypriot people were killed by Cypriot Greeks in Aloda. Old people and children were also killed. Only three people could escape from the massacre in Aloda. A bulldozer buried people into mass graves. People from Maratha and Santalaris were buried in the same grave.

Susan Sullivan

Susan Michaela Sullivan (born November 18, 1942) is an American movie and television actress. She played Lenore in the soap opera "Another World". She also starred in the soap "Falcon Crest" (1981–1989) and the television sitcom "Dharma & Greg". Sullivan was born November 18, 1942.

Guangdong

Guangdong () is a province on the southern coast of China. The meaning of the name in Chinese is "east of the expanse" or "expanse's east". It has a higher population and GDP than any other province in China. Its capital city is Guangzhou. Guangdong has 49 districts, 30 county-level cities, 42 counties, and three autonomous counties. 

Guangdong has an area of 177,900 km (68,700 sq mi) and is the 15th biggest province in China. In 2008, more than 95,440,000 people were living in Guangdong. They speak several different kinds of dialects. More than half of the people speak Yue Chinese, which is also the main dialect in the neighboring Hong Kong, while Min Chinese and Hakka Chinese each has about 20% of the total speakers.

The shortened name for Guangdong is Yue (粤), since Guangxi also shares the first word "Guang" (广), meaning "expanse".

List of foods named after people

This is a list of foods that were named after people.

Elly Jackson

Eleanor Kate "Elly" Jackson is an English singer and songwriter. She is the lead singer of the electropop duo La Roux. She was born on 12 March 1988 in London. She is the younger daughter of actress Trudie Goodwin.

Booker T. &amp; the M.G.'s

Booker T. & the M.G.'s are a rhythm and blues (R&B) band that are important in the history of soul music. They started in 1960 when they played instrumental music for singers. They did not sing themselves. They worked at Stax Records, and played music on hundreds of important records by famous singers such as Wilson Pickett, Otis Redding, Bill Withers, Sam & Dave, Carla Thomas and Rufus Thomas and Johnnie Taylor.

They also make their own records. As they do not sing, these are instrumental records - music without singing. In 1962 they made a record called "Green Onions" which was a single, and this was a success. People liked the sound of their music, and by the mid-1960s, bands in America and in Great Britain were trying to copy their sound.

People liked them so much and felt they were so important they were given an award of being named in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992.

Persons in the band when they started in 1960 were Booker T. Jones (organ and piano), Steve Cropper (electric guitar), Lewie Steinberg (bass guitar), and Al Jackson, Jr. (drums).

Steinberg left the band in 1965, and Donald "Duck" Dunn joined the band. Since Al Jackson, Jr. was murdered in 1975, the band have used several drummers.

Stax Records

Stax Records is an American record company, originally based in Memphis, Tennessee. The band Booker T. & the M.G.'s were employed by the company to play music on records by many singers, including Wilson Pickett and Otis Redding.

Stax Records, originally named Satellite Records, was founded in Memphis in 1957 by Jim Stewart, initially operating in a garage. Satellite's early releases were country music, rockabilly records or straight pop numbers, reflecting the tastes of Stewart (a country fiddle player) at the time.



Matt Ellison

Matthew Ellison (born December 8, 1983 in Duncan, British Columbia) is an Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays in the Kontinental Hockey League for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod. He was picked by the Chicago Blackhawks with the one hundred and twenty-eighth overall pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. e played in the NHL for the Chicago Blackhawks before being traded to the Philadelphia Flyers along with a 3rd-round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft for Patrick Sharp and Éric Meloche. He signed a one-year contract on July 4, 2008 to play in Latvia with the Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League before signing with HC MVD.


Fernando Pisani

Fernando Antonio Pisani (born December 27, 1976) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He was picked by the Edmonton Oilers with the 195th overall pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. He formerly played for the Edmonton Oilers from 2002 to 2010, the Chicago Blackhawks in 2011 and also played for the SCL Tigers of the National League A and the Asiago Hockey A.S. of the Serie A during the 2004-05 NHL lockout.


Tracy Beaker Returns

Tracy Beaker Returns is a British television series for children starring Dani Harmer. It was first broadcast on 8 January 2010, on CBBC and BBC HD. It won the BAFTA award. It was replaced by a new series called "The Dumping Ground" in 2013.


20th century in literature

Literature of the 20th century refers to world literature produced during 1900 through the 1990s. The best-selling works of the 20th century are thought to be "Quotations from Chairman Mao" (1966, 900 million copies), "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (1997, 120 million copies), "And Then There Were None" (1939, 115 million copies) and "The Lord of the Rings" (1954/55, 100 million copies). The Lord of the Rings was also voted "book of the century" in various surveys. "Perry Rhodan" (1961 to present) boasts as being the best-selling book series, with an estimated total of 1 billion copies sold.

Conodont

Conodonts are an extinct class of the phylum Chordata. They are now regarded as vertebrates, though the issue is still a live one.

For many years conodonts were known only from their feeding apparatus, which fossilises well. This is because most of the conodont animal was soft-bodied, so everything but the teeth were not fossilised in normal circumstances.

It was not until early 1980s that the conodont teeth were found with trace fossils of the host organism. It came from the Lower Carboniferous lagerstätte near Edinburgh, Scotland.

The 'teeth', called conodont elements, are very common in the fossil record, and have been used in biostratigraphy.

They are also used as palaeothermometers. This is because under higher temperatures the phosphate undergoes colour changes, which are measured with the "conodont alteration index". This has made them useful for petroleum exploration in rocks dating from the Cambrian to the Upper Triassic.

Eleven fossil imprints of conodont animals are known. They depict an eel-like creature with 15 or, more rarely, 19 elements forming a bilaterally symmetrical array in the head. This array was a feeding apparatus different from the jaws of modern animals. 

There are three forms of teeth, "coniform" cones, "ramiform" bars, and "pectiniform" platforms, which may have performed different roles.

The organisms range from a centimeter or so to the giant "Promissum", 40 cm in length. It is now widely agreed that conodonts had large eyes, fins with fin rays, chevron-shaped muscles and a notochord.

The entire class of Conodonts, or at least what was left of them at the time, were wiped out by the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event, which occurred roughly 200 million years ago.

Conodonta [Conodontia; Conodontophorida ; Conodontochordata]


Love Like This

"Love Like This" is an R&B song by singer Natasha Bedingfield featuring Sean Kingston. The song was released in North America on October 2, 2007 as part of "Pocketful of Sunshine", the second studio album by Natasha Bedingfield which was released in 2008. The song was commercially successful upon its release in the United States and reached into the Top 20 on many musical charts.

Unwritten (song)

"Unwritten" is a 2004 single by singer Natasha Bedingfield, although the song was not released in the United States until 2006. The song is from her debut record, also titled "Unwritten". This song hit number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Bedingfield's first top ten hit single in the United States. This single and "Pocketful of Sunshine" are among Bedingfield's most successful singles.

Backlash (2004)

Backlash (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on April 18, 2004 at the Rexall Place in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was the sixth annual Backlash PPV. It was a "Raw"-only event and was the first Backlash event that was held outside of the United States.


James River

James River is a 410 miles long river in the state of Virginia in the United States. It is the longest river in the United States that is only in one state. The river starts at the Allegheny Mountains and goes into the Atlantic Ocean. 

Gucci Mane

Radric Delantic Davis (born February 12, 1980), known professionally as Gucci Mane, is an American rapper and record executive.

Gucci released his first studio album "Trap House" in 2005. In 2007, he founded his own label, 1017 Records. He has released 12 studio albums and over 70 mixtapes.

He has a large tattoo of an ice cream cone tattooed onto his face which he got after he was released from the hospital.

In 2017, Gucci married Keyshia Ka'oir. They have one son (born in 2020).



Temple Grandin

Mary Temple Grandin (December 3, 1947) is an American animal scientist and autism activist. She inspires many people. She found similarities between animals and people with autism. With these, she created stress-relieving methods. She normalized autism and improved autism research.  She also improved livestock methods.

Grandin grew up in Boston with her parents Richard Grandin and Eustacia Cutler. Her father was a real estate agent. Her mother was a writer, singer, and actress. She was born on August 29, 1947. She was diagnosed with autism in 1950. She first spoke at four. She is an advocate for people with autism. Because of her autism, Temple did not think in words, she thought in pictures. In the early 1950s, most autistic children were discriminated against, but Grandin’s parents were very supportive of their daughter’s education. They sent her to multiple private schools. In Highschool, she created her first stress relieving device. This machine is still used today. In 1970, she graduated with honors and a Bachelor of Arts from Franklin Pierce College. Grandin received a doctorate in animal science in 1989 from the University of Illinois. After receiving her master’s degree in 1975, she created her own company, called Grandin Livestock Handling Systems. She continued learning about animal cruelty through this company.

Grandin worked most of her life to help the cruel living conditions of livestock. She worked on ways to prevent putting stress on animals before slaughter (when they are killed to be used for meat). Considering Grandin was autistic, she noticed the similarities in the way animals and autistic people saw the world, which let her help the cause even more. She's been a professor for over 20 years. She has taught animal science at Colorado State University since 1990.

Grandin wrote her first book with the help of Catherine Johnson. After having lots of success with her first book, she had a three-hour interview with Johnson. Later that year, a movie was released about her life. In that same year, Grandin was included in "TIME"'s Top 100 Influential People. Grandin also wrote a book with Richard Panek in 2013 called "The Autistic Brain: Thinking across the Spectrum", which was about differences found in the brains of those who are autistic.

Because Grandin's achievements are so great, many parents of autistic children are inspired by her. Her autism may have been difficult at times, but it has also given her unusual advantages. During her career she has come up with humane conditions for the handling of animals. Grandin is motivated by a wish to improve animal welfare by getting rid of unnecessary stress on domestic animals, particularly before and during slaughter. She has won lots of awards. The National Woman's Hall of Fame nominated her in 2017. She has written books. She had a Ted Talk about understanding autism.

Grandin is a professor of animal science at Colorado State University. She has focused on animal well-being throughout her career. She has been hired as a consultant to the meat industry (animal slaughtering). Grandin recommends "well-designed upright or rotating restraining pens" to hold cattle in a comfortable position. If this is done, 95 percent or more of the animals will stay calm. She thinks from a cow’s perspective to come up with her ideas. For example, she considers the animal’s sensitivity to light and slippery surfaces. She has said that soft lighting and single-colored walls help calm the animals. Also, she has said grooved floors are best, because cows are scared of slippery floors.


Western Victorian Volcanic Plains

The Western Victorian Volcanic Plains in Victoria, Australia, also known as the Newer Volcanic Province, are the third largest volcanic plains in world. The biggest is the Deccan Plateau in India and the Snake River Plateau in the USA. The Western Victorian Volcanic Plains cover an area of 2.3 million hectares, more than 10% of the state. The basalt plains were formed by volcanoes over the last 6 million years with the most recent eruption being at Mount Napier 7,200 years ago. There are only a few rivers which flow across the plains, these are the Barwon, Hopkins, Leigh, Maribyrnong, Wannon and Werribee Rivers and the Mount Emu Creek. More than 90% of the plains have been cleared for farming.
Over 400 volcano sites have been found on the plains. Near Ballarat the volcanoes are quite close together. The plains have built up over time with many small lava flows. The average depth of the lava is about 60 metres. Many of the features are stand out on the flat plains.

The Indigenous Australians must have seen some of the eruptions as they told stories about rocks and fires coming from some mountains. Stone tools have been found buried in volcanic ash near Warrnambool. Major Thomas Mitchell was the first European to describe the Western Volcanic Plains. He climbed Mount Napier in 1836 and wrote that it looked as if the volcano had been active not that long ago. Early settlers liked the plains as they could easily grow crops in the rich, fertile soil. They used the volcanic stones to build dry stone walls around their farms.

The Western Victorian Volcanic Plains have been quiet for thousands of years. There have been no earthquakes, no hot springs or other signs of activity. It is not known why the volcanos stopped, and some scientists believe that the volcanos on the plains are not extinct, but dormant.



Harry Mulisch

Harry Kurt Victor Mulisch (July 29, 1927 – October 30, 2010) was a writer from the Netherlands. He wrote more than 30 works. His books were translated into more than 20 languages. His most famous book is "The Discovery of Heaven".

Mulisch was born in Haarlem and lived in Amsterdam from 1958 until the end of his life.


BellSouth

BellSouth Telecommunications is a service provider which serves the southern United States. It formed as a result of the 1984 AT&T Bell System breakup. BellSouth operates in nine states: Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Tennessee, Georgia and Louisiana. The Bell System telephone companies before BellSouth were South Central Bell and Southern Bell in these nine states. BellSouth is currently under the ownership of AT&T.

Mayfly

Mayflies are insects which belong to the Order Ephemeroptera (from the Greek "ephemeros" = ephemeral, or short-lived; "pteron" = wing). The name refers to the most distinctive features of the adults. They are in an ancient group of insects, the Palaeoptera, ('Ancient wings') with dragonflies and damselflies.

There are over 3,000 living species of mayfly, in over 400 genera in 42 families.

At mating the female lays her eggs in the water. They settle to the bottom where they stick to rocks, vegetation or the bottom of the stream. They range in size by the particular species of Mayfly. Depending on temperature, the eggs take from a few days to a year to develop: usually it is one to three months. During this embryonic stage the mouth, legs, tail and organs all develop.

Mayfly are insects whose aquatic larvae (called "naiads" or nymphs) live from several months up to a year, in freshwater. The naiads go through 20 or 30 moults as they develop.
Mayflies are unique in that they moult one more time after getting functional wings (this is known as the "alate" stage). This second-to-last winged stage is usually very short, lasting from 30 minutes to one day, depending on the species. The function of the adult imago is reproduction and dispersal; they do not eat. The stage is a favorite food of many fish, and many 'fishing flies' are modeled on them.

It often happens that all the mayflies in a population mature at once (called "the hatch"). For a day or two in the Spring or Autumn (Fall), mayflies will be everywhere, dancing around each other in large groups, or resting on every available surface. The adults have various special features. Their rear wings are small or almost vestigial; the males have two long front legs for holding females, the rest have no function. Mating is usually in mid-air. The mayfly are quite a successful group. About 2,500 species are known worldwide, including about 630 species in North America. The hatch at La Crosse, Wisconsin has been a news event for several years. The hatch is so large it appears on weather radar. The emerging mayflies land on everything and cover some areas like snow.

Alejandro (song)

"Alejandro" is a single from Lady Gaga's album "The Fame Monster". The single is composed as a midtempo (medium speed) and Europop-influenced song with an uplifting melody. Critics portrayed the song as heavily influenced by pop groups such as Ace of Base. They gave this song mostly positive reviews. This was the seventh song by Lady Gaga to hit the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was released in 2010. It reached the top five in the US and Canada, while reaching the top ten in the UK.

Digital download

The Remixes EP

French CD single and iTunes EP

UK CD single

UK 7-inch vinyl

UK iTunes bundle

Gary Moore

Robert William Gary Moore (4 April 1952 – 6 February 2011) or Gary Moore, was a musician from East Belfast, Northern Ireland. He was a blues rock guitarist and singer.

On 6 February 2011, Moore died in his hotel room in Estepona, Spain of a heart attack.


Hollandaise sauce

Hollandaise sauce is an emulsion of egg yolk and butter. Lemon juice, salt, and a little white pepper or cayenne pepper are often added as seasoning. Hollandaise light yellow and opaque, smooth and creamy: it tastes rich and buttery, with a mild tang added by the seasonings, but not so strong as to overpower mildly flavoured foods. Hollandaise sauce is well known as a key ingredient of Eggs Benedict, and is often paired with vegetables such as steamed asparagus.

Hollandaise is one of the five mother sauces in French haute cuisine.

Hollandaise sauce got its name because it was thought to be like a Dutch sauce. As early as 1651, François Pierre La Varenne describes a sauce similar to hollandaise sauce in his groundbreaking cookbook "Le Cuisinier François":
"avec du bon beurre frais, un peu de vinaigre, sel et muscade, et un jaune d’œuf pour lier la sauce"
Alan Davidson notes a "sauce à la hollandoise" from François Marin's "Les Dons de Comus" (1758), but since that sauce included flour, bouillon, and herbs, and omitted egg yolks, it may not be related to the modern hollandaise.

Mrs. Isabella Beeton's "Household Management" had recipes in the first edition (1861) for "Dutch sauce, for fish" (p. 405) and its variant on the following page, "Green sauce, or Hollandaise verte". Her directions for hollandaise seem somewhat fearless:

Being a mother sauce, hollandaise sauce is the foundation for many others made by adding or changing ingredients. The following is not a complete list of such minor sauces.

Like Mayonnaise, hollandaise sauce is an emulsion. Hollandaise sauce is classified as an emulsified butter sauce ("beurre blanc").

Unlike sauces thickened with solids, such as starches, emulsions such as Hollandaise sauce are essentially unstable, as it is a liquid-in-liquid solution.

Increasing the viscosity can be done by adding flour or cornstarch and this can also protect against curdling. Curdling occurs when the sauce is cooked too quickly over directly and actually brought to a boil, causing the egg proteins to denature and rearrange or coagulate into curds by bonding to one another. Starches, such as flour and cornstarch, protect against curdling when the starch granules absorb water and being to leak long starch molecules into the liquid. These long starch molecules prevent curdling in two ways. First, they absorb heat and prevent some egg proteins from denaturing. Second, the long dissolved starch molecule get in the way of the egg protein molecules and impede bonding.




Osage Plains

The Osage Plains (sometimes known as the Lower Plains, North Central Plains, or the Rolling Plains) are a tallgrass prairie ecosystem. The Osage Plains are in the states of Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, and north-central Texas.

Metropolitan area network

A Metropolitan area network (often shortened to MAN) is a computer network that connects several other Local area networks (LANs). An example of where MANs are used, are the networks on a campus of a university. MANs use different technologies than LANs. Today, most MANs are done using fibre optic cabling. Protocol suites used in MANs include Asynchronous Transfer Mode, Switched Multimegabit Data Service, and Distributed-queue dual-bus. MANs can reach distances of up to 100km.

Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin

Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin (1 April 1755, Belley, Ain – 2 February 1826, Paris) was a French lawyer and politician, and gained fame as an epicure and gastronome: "Grimod and Brillat-Savarin. Between them, two writers effectively founded the whole genre of the gastronomic essay."

Brillat-Savarin was born in the town of Belley, Ain, where the River Rhone separated France from Savoy. He studied law, chemistry and medicine in Dijon and practiced law in his hometown.
He was born Jean Anthelme Brillat, but adopted his second surname because an aunt named Savarin left him her entire fortune on the condition that he adopt her name.
In 1789, at the start of the French Revolution, he was sent as a deputy to the Estates-General that soon became the National Constituent Assembly, he became well lknown for some of his speeches, particularly one supporting capital punishment. 
He returned to Belley and was for a year the elected mayor. At a later stage of the Revolution there was a bounty on his head, and he sought political asylum at first in Switzerland. He later moved to Holland, and then to the new-born United States, where he stayed for three years in Boston, New York, Philadelphia and Hartford, living on the proceeds of giving French language and violin lessons. For a time he was first violin in the Park Theater in New York City.

He returned to France under the Directory in 1797 and acquired the magistrate post he would then hold for the rest of his life, as a judge of the Court of Cassation. He published several works on law and political economy. He remained a bachelor, but he counted love as the sixth sense: his inscription of the "Physiognomie". to his beautiful cousin Juliette Récamier reads
"Madam, receive kindly and read indulgently the work of an old man. It is a tribute of a friendship which dates from your childhood, and, perhaps, the homage of a more tender feeling...How can I tell? At my age a man no longer dares interrogate his heart." 
His famous work, "Physiologie du goût" ("The Physiology of Taste"), was published in December 1825, two months before his death. The full title is
"Physiologie du Goût, ou Méditations de Gastronomie Transcendante; ouvrage théorique, historique et à l'ordre du jour, dédié aux Gastronomes parisiens, par un Professeur, membre de plusieurs sociétés littéraires et savantes". " The book has not been out of print since it first appeared, shortly before Brillat-Savarin's death. Its most notable English translation was done by food writer and critic M. F. K. Fisher, who remarked "I hold myself blessed among translators." Her translation was first published in 1949.
The philosophy of Epicurus lies at the back of every page; the simplest meal satisfied Brillat-Savarin, as long as it was executed with artistry:

Brillat-Savarin cheese, the Savarin mould, a ring mould with a rounded contour, and "Gâteau Savarin" are named in his honour.

His reputation was spread to a wide television audience by Chairman Kaga of the TV series "Iron Chef" which introduced to millions the quote "Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you what you are."

Brillat-Savarin is often considered as the father of low-carbohydrate diet. He considered sugar and white flour to be the cause of obesity and he suggested instead protein-rich ingredients. 
Sure enough, carnivorous animals never grow fat (consider wolves, jackals, birds of prey, crows, etc.). Herbivorous animals do not grow fat easily, at least until age has reduced them to a state of inactivity; but they fatten very quickly as soon as they begin to be fed on potatoes, grain, or any kind of flour. ... The second of the chief causes of obesity is the floury and starchy substances which man makes the prime ingredients of his daily nourishment. As we have said already, all animals that live on farinaceous food grow fat willy-nilly; and man is no exception to the universal law. 

Eneas Sweetland Dallas wrote "Kettner's Book of the Table, a Manual of Cookery", 1877, a treatise on gastronomy based on the work of Brillat-Savarin. Dallas published his book under the pseudonym of A. Kettner.



Jennie Garth

Jennifer Eve "Jennie" Garth (born April 3, 1972) is an American actress. Her first starring role was playing Denise in the television series "Growing Pains". She starred as Kelly Taylor in "Beverly Hills 90210" and also starred in the CW's television series "What I Like about You".

Brillat-Savarin cheese

Brillat-Savarin is a soft, white-crusted cow's milk cheese with at least 75% fat in dry matter (roughly 40% overall), named after the 18th century French gourmet Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin. The cheese was created in the 1930s by cheese-maker Henri Androuët.

Brillat-Savarin is produced all year round, mainly in Normandy. It comes in 12–13 cm wheels and approximately 4 cm thick, and is aged for one to two weeks. It is also available as a fresh cheese (non affine) that resembles rich cream cheese.

It is a triple cream Brie that is creamy and faintly sour. It goes well with medjool dates and also champagne. Because of its creaminess combined with its Brie aroma and slight sharpness, it has been described as "Dairylea for grownups" or "what Dairylea tastes like in heaven".

Pairing with red wines is difficult, as any mushroominess or "mouldy" taste will bring out the tannins of the wine. Brillat-Savarin is also quite salty when ripe, which may disturb the taste of red wine. It does pair well with Pale Ale and Champagne. The carbonation wipes the fattiness from the palate and the malts enhance the creaminess of the cheese.

The French cheese making company Rouzaire also produces an older Brillat Savarin under the name Pierre Robert. The extra aging time concentrates the proteins and salt in the cheese, resulting in deeper earthy flavours and more intense salty taste. Wheels of Pierre Robert are physically shorter (due to loss of moisture), yet creamier than the regular-aged Brillat-Savarin.


Description and history of Brillat Savarin cheese 

Poularde Albufera

Poularde Albufera, (Chicken Albufera) is a chicken dish named in honour of the Duke of Albufera. It sometimes credited to French chef Adolphe Dugléré, who invented several other dishes. However, as Dugléré was only ten years old when Albufera fell out of favour with the king, and had his French title of nobility taken away, it is more likely that Poularde Albufera was created by Antonin Carême, who trained Dugléré

It consists of poached chicken with a garnish of vol-au-vents filled with quenelles, cocks' kidneys, mushrooms and truffles in Albufera sauce.

Guppy

The guppy ("Poecilia reticulata"), is a species of freshwater aquarium fish. It is one of the most popular aquarium fish species. The guppy is also called the millionfish or rainbow fish. It is a small member of the Poeciliidae family (females 4–6 centimeters (1.6–2.4 in) long, males 2.5–3.5 centimeters (1.0–1.4 in) long). Like all other members of the family, it is live-bearing. Guppies are popular aquarium kept fish because of their inexpensive needs and beautiful color ranges

Guppies, like all fish, have gills. The heart of a guppy is very different from that of a mammal, for instance there are two compartments instead of four. They are called the auricle and ventricle. When the fish breaths the ventricle contracts and blood is forced out to the gills which act as lungs. This is where the gas exchange happens. The blood receives oxygen and releases carbon dioxide. The blood that now carries oxygen goes through the dorsal artery, which divides into smaller and smaller vessels and go all over the body to then distribute the oxygen and gets carbon dioxide and waste. Then, the blood is carried to the heart by veins and lymph vessels. Then the cycle repeats over and over.

A guppy's nervous system is highly centralized around its spinal cord and brain. The cerebellum controls the body's movements, and the olfactory bulbs and cerebrum controls its sense of smell.


Albufera sauce

Albufera sauce (known in French as Sauce Albuféra) is a minor sauce whose mother sauce is velouté. It was probably created by Antonin Careme, to accompany Poularde Albufera, which he also created. It was named in honour of the Duke of Albufera. 

Escoffier gives a recipe in "Le Guide culinaire" which consists of a base of Suprême Sauce to which is added meat glaze in order to lend the latter an ivory-white tint which characterizes it. It is served chiefly with poultry and sweetbreads.

Jack in the Box

Jack in the Box is an American fast food restaurant chain. It was founded in 1951 by Robert O. Peterson. Peterson opened his restaurant in Long Beach, California on the Pacific Coast highway. It featured a clown's head on top of the building. Instead of using carhops like other drive-in restaurants, Peterson used a two-way intercom. He also pioneered the drive-through. It allowed a customer to place their order while the car ahead of them was picking up their order. This made service much faster and Jack in the Box became known for fast service.

Jack in the Box has over 2,200 restaurants in 21 states and Guam. At first the menu was simple. Only 15 items were offered including hamburgers, cheeseburgers, french fries and soft drinks. Today the menu is expanded to include items such as onion rings, chicken tacos and shrimp. They also offer ice cream, shakes and hot apple turnovers.

Jack I. Box is a fictional character and the mascot for their advertising.

Bihari Muslims

Bihari Muslims are people originating and tracing descent from the Indian State of Bihar, who practice Islam as their religion. Bihari Muslims mainly practice Sunni Islam of the Hanafi creed, though a small Shia minority exists.

Islam in Bihar is said to have been established in the 10-15th century with the arrivals of Sufi missionaries as well as Sunni rulers. 

About 3 millions of Bihari Muslims migrated to the newly created State of Pakistan and the former East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) because of Muslim League politics. Those who settled in Pakistan were deemed a sub-caste of Muhajirs. Those who lived in Bangladesh were deemed Stranded Pakistanis.

This history of Bihar lasted till around the middle of the 7th or 8th century A.D. - the Gupta Period - when, with the conquest of almost all of northern India by invaders from the middle-east, the Gupta dynasty also fell a victim.

In medieval times Bihar lost its prestige as the political and cultural center of India. The Mughal period was a period of unremarkable provincial administration from Delhi. The only remarkable person of these times in Bihar was Sher Shah, or Sher Khan Sur, an Afghan. Based at Sasaram which is now a town in the district of the same name in central-western Bihar, this jagirdar of the Mughal King Babur was successful in defeating Humayun, the son of Babur, twice - once at Chausa and then, again, at Kannauj (in the present state of Uttar Pradesh or U.P.) Through his conquest Sher Shah became the ruler of a territory that, again, extended all the way to the Punjab. He was noted as a ferocious warrior but also a noble administrator - in the tradition of Ashok and the Gupta kings. Several acts of land reform are attributed to him. The remains of a grand mausoleum that he built for himself can be seen in today's Sasaram (Sher Shah's maqbara.)

The majority of educated Bihari Muslims formally speak Urdu, while in the vernacular speak in the Bihari language. The Muslims of Bihar have wealth rates comparable to rest of the Republic of India.

LeAnn Rimes

Margaret LeAnn Rimes Cibrian (born August 28, 1982), known professionally as LeAnn Rimes, is an American country and pop singer. Her first album "Blue" was released in 1996. She has won many major industry awards. 



Ashanti (singer)

Ashanti Shequoiya Douglas (born October 13, 1980), better known as Ashanti, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, model and actress. She became famous in the early 2000s. Ashanti released her debut album "Ashanti" in 2002. It released three singles: "Foolish", "Happy", and "Baby". "Foolish" reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. "Happy" and "Baby" reached the top twenty. Ashanti's first album sold 503,000 copies the first week. She then became the first "new female artist" to sell that many records in one week. She outsold artists including Alicia Keys and Lauryn Hill. She also became the first female artist to have two singles "Foolish" at number one and "What's Luv?" (with Fat Joe) at number two. Ashanti also became the first artist to have three top ten songs ("Foolish", "What's Luv?" and "Always on Time") on the Hot 100 the same week. She was the first women and second artist, behind The Beatles, to do this.

Her first album also won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album. Later that year, her duet with Ja Rule on "Mesmerize" reached number two on the Hot 100. Her next album, "Chapter II" (2003) debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 326,000 copies the first week. The album was given three Grammy nominations for Best Contemporary R&B Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance, and Best R&B Song. "Chapter II" was certified platinum by the RIAA. This means that 1 million copies of the album were shipped in the United States. The two singles "Rock wit U (Awww Baby)" and "Rain on Me" reached the top ten in the US. Her holiday album "Ashanti's Christmas" (2003) reached number 160 on the "Billboard" 200.

Ashanti's third album, "Concrete Rose" (2004), debuted at number seven on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 254,000 copies the first week. The album was certified platinum in a month of its release. The singles "Only U" was a top ten hit in the US, while "Don't Let Them" did not do so well. The single became the worst charting song in Ashanti's career. Her first greatest hits album "Collectables by Ashanti" (2005) reached number 59 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It was a top ten hit on the Hot R&B Albums chart. The only single to be released from that album was "Still on It". It reached number 15 on the Hot Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. Ashanti's second greatest hits album, "Can't Stop", was released in 2006. It only charted in Japan at number 259. Ashanti took a short break from recording music.

Her fourth album, "The Declaration", was released in 2008. It reached number six on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 86,000 copies the first week. The singles "The Way That I Love You" reached the top 40 on the Hot 100. The single "Good Good" reached number 30 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In 2009, "The Vault" was released. The album contained 12 songs recorded by Ashanti that were not released. It reached number 110 on the Japan Albums chart. Ashanti's fifth album "Braveheart" was set to be released on August 28, 2012. The lead single, "The Woman You Love" reached number 59 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart in December 2011. Ashanti has starred in several movies. These include "The Muppets' Wizard of Oz" (2005) and "John Tucker Must Die" (2006). As of 2008, she has sold more than 27 million records worldwide.


Films

Television

Theater


Beerwah

Beerwah () is a town in the Budgam District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Budgam

Budgam () is part of the Budgam District of Jammu and Kashmir, India. As of 2011, Budgam had a population of 15,338. It is the district headquarter of Budgam.

Khan Sahib, Jammu and Kashmir

Khansahib () is part of the Budgam District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Banihal

Banihal () is part of the Doda District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Doda, Jammu and Kashmir

Doda () is part of the Doda District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Ranbir Singh Pura

Ranbir Singh Pora () is in the Jammu District region of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Samba, Jammu and Kashmir

Samba () is a town in and headquarters of the Samba District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Hajira, Azad Kashmir

Hajira () is part of the Poonch District of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.

Rawalakot

Rawalakot () is part of the Poonch District of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.

Haveli taluka

Taluka Haveli is part of the Pune District of Maharashtra, India.

Mandi, Himachal Pradesh

Mandi () is a major city in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. It is the capital of the Mandi District. It was formerly called Mandav Nagar, and is also known as Sahor. It is located north of state capital, Shimla. It is in the north-west Himalayas. The average altitude is about 1,044 metres (3,425 ft),


Reasi

Reasi () is a town in and headquarters of the Reasi District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Surankote Tehsil

Surankote () is part of the Poonch District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Matanuska-Susitna Valley

Matanuska-Susitna Valley (known locally as the Mat-Su or The Valley) is an area in Southcentral Alaska. It is south of the Alaska Range about from Anchorage, Alaska. It includes the valleys of the Matanuska River, the Knik River, and the Susitna River. The Matanuska Valley has become a suburban community for many people who work in Anchorage. It is now one of the most crowded areas in Alaska and includes the towns of Palmer, Wasilla, Big Lake, Houston, Willow and Talkeetna.

There are three mountain ranges in the area. They are the Alaska Range, the Talkeetna Mountains and the Chugach Mountains. There are both working and old gold mines in the mountains. Like many parts of Alaska, the Matanuska-Susitna Valley was carved by glaciers which left many lakes. Both the Matanuska and Susitna Rivers have lots of salmon.

The local government is called the "Matanuska-Susitna Borough." Most of the United States is divided into counties, while Alaska is divided into . A few hundred Alaska Natives were joined by small numbers of Alaska sourdoughs between 1900 and 1930 when hundreds of American settlers were moved there by the United States Federal Government in the early 1930s. 

The three rivers in the area have large amounts of glacial silt that is good for farming. The valley is one of the few areas in Alaska which supports large scale agriculture.


Kathua

Kathua () is part of the Kathua District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Billawar

Billawar () is part of the Kathua District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Basohli (town)

Basohli () is part of the Kathua District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Hiranagar

Hiranagar () is part of the Kathua District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Karnah Tehsil

Karnah () is an administrative tehsil of the Kupwara district in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It has 58 villages and is away from the main town of Kupwara.

Karnah tehsil has a total population of 60,129 as per the Census 2011, of which 34,471 are males while 25,658 are females, giving a sex ration of 744 females per 1,000 males. In 2011 there were total 11,422 families residing in Karnah Tehsil. Paharis form a majority population in the tehsil. As per Census 2011 out of total population, 25.8% live in urban areas while 74.2% live in rural areas. The average literacy rate in urban areas is 68.4% while that in the rural areas is 58.9%. Also the sex ratio of urban areas in the tehsil is 587 while that of rural areas is 807.

Chugach Mountains

The Chugach Mountains in southcentral Alaska are the farthest north of the mountain ranges that make up the Pacific Coast Ranges of western North America. The range is about long. Its highest point is Mount Marcus Baker, at , but most of its summits are not very high. Because of the wet weather on the coast, these mountains get a lot of snow.

There are several parks in and around the mountains, like Chugach State Park the Chugach National Forest, and the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge. They are popular destinations for outdoor activities. The World Extreme Skiing Championship is held yearly in the Chugach near Valdez.

Three highways run through the Chugach Mountains. There is also a tunnel from Portage that lets cars and trains go under the mountains to Whittier.

The name "Chugach" is from the Eskimo tribal name "Chugachmiut" recorded by the Russians and written by them "Chugatz" and "Tchougatskoi"; in 1898 U.S. Army Captain W. R. Abercrombie spelled the name "Chugatch" and applied it to the mountains.

Some of the taller mountains in this range are:

Wrangell Mountains

The Wrangell Mountains are a high mountain range of eastern Alaska in the United States. Much of the range is in the Wrangell-Saint Elias National Park and Preserve. The Wrangell Mountains were made by volcanoes. The second and third tallest volcanoes in the United States, Mount Blackburn and Mount Sanford are there. The range takes its name from Mount Wrangell, which is one of the largest shield volcanoes in the world. It is also the only mountain in the range that is an active volcano. 

The Wrangell Mountains are just to the northwest of the Saint Elias Mountains and northeast of the Chugach Mountains. There are so many mountains there that they block the warm moist air over the Pacific Ocean. Because of this places north of the Wrangell Mountains are some of the coldest areas of North America during the winter.

The Wrangell Mountains include 12 of the 40+ Alaskan peaks over 


Another prominent mountain is Mount Drum, , which can be seen from a very long way away.

The Wrangell Mountains are named after an explorer who was also president of the Russian-American Company, Admiral Ferdinand von Wrangel. American folk singer John Denver wrote a song, "Wrangell Mountain Song", in reference to the range.


Q fever

Q fever is a disease caused by "Coxiella burnetii", bacteria that affect humans and other animals. It is not common but can be found in cattle, sheep, goats, and other household animals, including cats and dogs. People can get infected if they inhale endospores or touch the milk, urine, feces, vaginal mucus, or semen of infected animals. The disease is rarely carried by ticks. A human can be infected by a single bacterium.


Alprazolam

Alprazolam, probably better known by its trade name Xanax, is a short-acting drug. The drug is used to treat people with anxiety disorders and panic attacks. Alprazolam is the most commonly misused benzodiazepine (the drug's class) in the United States; but the majority of prescribed users do not develop a substance-use disorder. Alprazolam is a prescription drug in the United States.

Toronto Stock Exchange

The Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) is the largest stock exchange in Canada, the third largest in North America and the eighth largest in the world by market capitalisation.

Unwritten (album)

Unwritten is an album by Natasha Bedingfield. This record was released in the United Kingdom in September 2004 and in the United States on August 2, 2005. It had five singles. One of these was the title track. This album was released in North America again during 2006, with new album artworks and a slightly different track listing.

N.B.

N.B. is the second studio album from Natasha Bedingfield. It was released in United Kingdom on 30 April 2007 to mixed reviews by critics. The album was released in Canada and the United States during January 2008 as Pocketful of Sunshine. The US version's title single became a top 5 hit. Another track, "Love Like This", became a top twenty hit. The reviews from United States critics for this record were mixed.

Polish Americans

A Polish American is a citizen of the United States with ancestors from Poland. There have been Polish people living in North America since the earlier 1600s. Many live in the city of Chicago, which has more Polish people than any city in the world other than Warsaw, Poland.

Most Polish immigrants are Catholic or practice Judaism.

Hallucinogen

Hallucinogens are chemical substances which temporarily change the way people see the world. Hallucinogens cause hallucinations. People no longer perceive reality as it is, but they see a reality that is distorted by their emotions. A person who is under the influence of a hallucionogen is said to be "having a trip".

Hallucinogens have probably been used in the context of a cultic or religious function as long as there were humans.

There are different kinds of hallucinogens:

Most hallucinogens are highly addictive. This means that the user will want to take the drug over and over again. It also means that there will be some effect of getting used to the drug. In the long run, more and more of the drug will need to be taken, to get the same effect.

People that are under the unintended influence of a hallucinogen may need immediate help, as in a medical emergency.

Bad News Brown

Paul Frappier (May 8, 1977February 11, 2011) was a Canadian entertainer, musician, and rapper better known by his stage name, Bad News Brown. He was of Haitian descent. Bad News Brown was found murdered in an alley near the Lachine Canal in Montreal on February 11, 2011. The feature movie "BumRush", featuring Brown in a leading role, premiered posthumously on April 1, 2011.

Frappier's stage name comes from the name of his childhood favourite WWF wrestler, Allen Coage (nicknamed Bad News Brown).

Bad News Brown released 1 studio album before his death:

Rick James

James Ambrose Johnson Jr. (1 February 1948 - 6 August 2004) also known as Rick James, was an American singer, songwriter, recording artist and producer. He was very popular during the late 1970s and 1980s, scoring four number one hits on the US R&B charts. He was born in Buffalo, New York.

In 1978 James released his first single "You and I". He produced Eddie Murphy's 1985 single "Party All the Time". In 1990 he sued MC Hammer.

In 1991 James was arrested with his girlfriend for kidnapping a woman. He made her have sex with his girlfriend. In 1994 he was sentenced to five years and four months in prison. He was released in 1996.

The Notorious B.I.G.

Christopher George Latore Wallace (May 21, 1972 – March 9, 1997), better known by his stage names, The Notorious B.I.G., Biggie Smalls, or simply Biggie, was an American rapper, who grew up in Brooklyn, a borough of New York City. Wallace is considered by many music enthusiasts to be one of the greatest rappers of all time. Wallace became known for his distinctive laid-back lyrical delivery, offsetting the lyrics' often grim content. His music was often semi-autobiographical, telling of hardship and criminality, but also of debauchery and celebration. Both his death and the death of his friend/rival Tupac Shakur, who died in September 1996, are still unsolved.
The release of Wallace's first album Ready to Die in 1994 made him an East Coast hip hop icon. While recording his second album, Wallace was heavily involved in the East Coast/West Coast hip hop feud, through which record companies from both sides of the United States fostered a feud between New York-based and California-based artists.

He was assassinated by drive-by shooting in Los Angeles, California on March 9, 1997 at age 24.

Christopher George Latore Wallace was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York. He was the only child of Jamaican parents Voletta Wallace and Selwyn George Latore. He excelled academically and received multiple awards in school for English.

He began selling drugs at the age of 12. As a teenager, he began rhyming to entertain people on street corners and in neighborhood groups.

He nicknamed himself "Biggie Smalls" after a gangster character in the 1975 crime comedy movie "Let's Do It Again". It also because of his height and weight. He had a crook in his eye.

In 1991, he released a demo tape called "Microphone Murderer". Sean Combs, a rapper and producer, heard Biggie's early songs. After Combs was fired from Uptown Records in 1993, he decided to sign Biggie to his record label, Bad Boy Records. In April 1993, his solo track, "Party and Bullshit", appeared on the soundtrack to the 1993 comedy movie Who's the Man?. 

His first album "Ready to Die" was released on September 13, 1994. It debuted at number 13 on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified platinum. The album featured 3 singles "Juicy", "Big Poppa", and "One More Chance". That same year, he was named "Best New Artist," "Best Live Performer" and "Lyricist of the Year" by the Source. He won a Billboard Music Award for Rap Artist of the Year in 1995.

He rapped on Michael Jackson's 1995 single "This Time Around".

A few weeks after Wallace’s death, his second album, Life After Death, was released on March 25, 1997. It quickly rose to number one on the US album charts. The album featured 3 singles: "Hypnotize", "Mo Money Mo Problems", and "Sky’s the Limit." Wallace became the first artist to have two number-one hits after death (“Hypnotize” and “Mo Money Mo Problems”). Life After Death was nominated for 3 Grammy Awards in 1998. 

His posthumous albums, Born Again (1999) and Duets (2005), became number one hits. 

He was married to singer Faith Evans from 1994 until his assassination. He has two children T'yanna (born 1993 with Jan Jackson) and Christopher George "C. J." Latore Wallace Jr. (born 1996 with Faith Evans).

On March 7, 1997, Wallace attended the Soul Train Music Awards where he presented an award to singer Toni Braxton. On March 8, he attended the after party for the Soul Train Music Awards at Petersen Automotive Museum. It was hosted by Qwest Records and Vibe magazine. 

On March 9, Wallace left the party to return to his hotel after the Los Angeles Fire Department closed the party early because of overcrowding. He was driving a GMC Suburban. An unidentified black man in a 1994-96 Chevy Impala SS stopped on side of Wallace's SUV and fired four shots at the Suburban that hit Wallace's chest, killing him instantly. He was 24 years old. His assassination is still unsolved.

The Notorious B.I.G. released one studio album in his lifetime and three after his death:




Central Hockey League

The Central Hockey League (CHL) was a mid-level professional hockey league in the United States. It is owned by Global Entertainment Corporation. It was started in 1992.

The first CHL season was in 1992-1993. It started with six teams, including the Oklahoma City Blazers, the Tulsa Oilers, the Wichita Thunder, the Memphis RiverKings, the Dallas Freeze and the Fort Worth Fire.

In 1996-97, the Huntsville Channel Cats, along with the planned 1996–97 Southern Hockey League (SHL) expansion teams Columbus Cottonmouths, Macon Whoopee, and Nashville Nighthawks, joined the Central Hockey League after the SHL ended.

The CHL came together with the Western Professional Hockey League (WPHL) in 2001.

The CHL commissioner is now Duane Lewis, who succeeded Brad Treliving on an temporary basis after Treliving took a position with the NHL's Phoenix Coyotes following the 2006-2007 season. Treliving co-founded the WPHL in 1996, and after the 2001 merger, served with the CHL for seven years. Lewis was named the permanent commissioner in June 2008.

On June 1, 2010 the league announced that it would come together with the International Hockey League.

The CHL is divided into two Conferences. Teams compete every year for the Ray Miron President's Cup. 



Kansas City Mavericks

The Kansas City Mavericks are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2009 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games at the Cable Dahmer Arena in Independence, Missouri, which is near Kansas City, Missouri. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Coachella Valley Firebirds of the American Hockey League (AHL). 

In April 2009, the CHL announced that Independence would get a new team to start play that fall. In June, the team said that it would be called the Mavericks.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Mavericks, Allen Americans, Brampton Beast, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, Tulsa Oilers and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On March 11, 2017, the team announced that they were going to rename themselves as the Kansas City Mavericks.

Yip Man

Yip Man (October 1, 1893 December 2, 1972), also known as Ip Man, was the first teacher to teach martial arts Wing Chun openly. He taught Hong Kong students, who spread Wing Chun around the world. Later, Ip Man was the teacher of Bruce Lee, Chu Shong-tin (who taught then-Australian Jim Fung) and others.

After Ip Man died, the teacher Duncan Leung taught Wing Chun in Hong Kong from 1945 to 1969.
Nowadays, Wing Chun is taught around the world. Many children do Wing Chun.

San Fermín

The festival of San Fermín is held each year in the city of Pamplona (Navarre, Spain). Other names for the festival are Sanfermines or Sanferminak. It starts at noon on 6 July with the setting off of a rocket. It ends at midnight on 14 July with the singing of the "Pobre de Mí". A bullfight is also part of the celebrations. The festival honors Saint Fermin, the co-patron of Navarre. San Fermín has become the most famous Spanish festival. More than 1,000,000 people watch this festival.

The Running of the Bulls is held the 6th - 14th of July every year. By midnight on July 6th Pamplona is already swarming with locals and tourists all waiting for the fireworks display that marks the start of the fiesta.

The day begins with the "encierro" or running of the bulls, when only the brave and foolish dash ahead of the bulls that are let loose to run through the narrow streets to the bullring where they will be fought later in the day. The runners are usually clad in the typical white trousers and shirt, with a red scarf tied at their neck, and a red beret on their head.

Before and after the daily bullfights, held each evening at 6 pm, bands of music, "txistularis", regional dancing and processions with big giant heads roam the streets. The Sanfermines festival of the running of the bulls in Pamplona is not the only one celebrated in Navarre, although it is the most well-known.


Bellini (cocktail)

A Bellini is a long drink cocktail that originated in Venice. It is a mixture of sparkling wine (traditionally Prosecco) and peach purée often served at celebrations. It is one of Italy's most popular cocktails.

The Bellini was invented sometime between 1934 and 1948 by Giuseppe Cipriani, founder of Harry's Bar in Venice, Italy.

It got its name because the colour reminded Cipriani of the pink colour of the toga of a saint in a painting by 15th-century Venetian artist Giovanni Bellini.

Transduction

Transduction is a science term. It can mean:


Friedensreich Hundertwasser

Friedensreich Hundertwasser (born 15 December 1928, died 20 February 2000) was an Austrian artist. He often called himself "Friedensreich Regentag Dunkelbunt Hundertwasser" ("Land-of-Peace Rainy-Day Dark-Colourful Hundred-Water") . Hundertwasser became known for designing buildings, but he also created stamps, painted, designed posters, and other works. He even designed a new flag for New Zealand, based on a local fern frond, called the Koru. 
Hundertwasser was born in Vienna as Friedrich Stowasser. His mother, Elsa, was Jewish, so the Second World War was a difficult time for them. They pretended to be Catholic during the war, and to escape notice, Friedrich even joined the Hitler Youth.

After the war ended, he changed his name from Friedrich Stowasser to Friedensreich Hundertwasser. Part of the meaning of "Friedensreich" is "peaceful realm (country)". He studied briefly at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna, but when his money ran out, he started to travel a lot. He began to develop his own style, and in 1952, he exhibited his paintings for the first time. 

Hundertwasser married twice - in 1957 and 1962 - but both marriages ended in divorce. He had one daughter, Heidi Trimmel, who was born in 1982. 

In 1975, Hundertwasser left Europe and went to live in a small town called Kawakawa in New Zealand, where he could live mostly self-sufficiently. The artist bought several properties, joined them together to give himself enough access to nature, built solar panels and a water purification plant, and grew his own food. He lived there until he died of a heart attack in 2000. 

He was buried at home in New Zealand. On top of his grave, a tree was planted. Hundertwasser said in 1989, A dead person is entitled to reincarnation in the form of... a tree that grows on top of him and through him. 

As a result of his experience of being persecuted by the Nazi regime, Hundertwasser developed an anti-totalitarian position early on. His early fears of the square marching battalions associated with dictatorships may have led him to oppose any "geometrization" of people and their architecture. In a letter in 1954 Hundertwasser described the square as "geometric rectangles compressed columns on the march". 

Hundertwasser had a lively imagination; his art was unruly and chaotic. In his work, he used spirals, organic forms, wavy lines, bright colours, and a strong individualism. He wanted humans to live in harmony with nature, where there are no straight lines. Once, he called straight lines ""something cowardly drawn with a ruler, without thought or feeling."" 

Hundertwasser believe that a person has three 'skins. First, her 'epidermis', her skin. Second, her clothes. And finally, her house or home. Later on in the 1970s, he added two more skins: social environment (family, friendships, nation) and the planet (environment, the ecology, nature).

You can see examples of Hundertwasser's paintings here . Colour is a large part of Hundertwasser's art. He didn't select colours for any special significance; instead he used bright, fierce, burning colours, and combined colours to form competing patterns.

While he began as a painter, later in life the third skin - the home, or architecture - greatly interested Hundertwasser. He hated the way most buildings had straight lines and angles. He felt that buildings should fit and represent those who lived inside them. His building designs use natural forms, and often fit around nature rather than trying to bend nature to fit them. In the Hundertwasserhaus, an apartment building in Vienna, Austria, the floors aren't flat and even: they undulate.

Hundertwasser used nature in his buildings, which often have roof gardens. Grass roofs also have ecological, health and insusaltion advantages. A grass roof produces oxygen and makes life possible. It absorbs dust and dirt and converts the earth. Body and soul of man is at ease, both, who looks at it as well as who lives beneath it. (Hundertwasser 1991)

The artist also believed in a human's right to a window. He thought that "Some people say houses consist of walls. I say houses consist of windows."The repetition of identical windows next to each other and above each other as in a grid system is a characteristic of concentration camps.Windows in rank and file are sad, windows should be able to dance.A person in a rented apartment must be able to lean out of his window and scrape off the masonry within arm's reach. And he must be allowed to take a long brush and paint everything outside within arm's reach, so that it will be visible from afar to everyone in the street that someone lives there who is different from the imprisoned, enslaved, standardised man who lives next door. (Hundertwasser 1990)Hundertwasser wanted to allow the residents of his building to personalise their windows.

In the late 1970s, Hundertwasser was asked by City of Vienna to build a housing project - housing for poorer citizens who could not afford it otherwise. Inside, there were wavy, undulating floors (""an uneven floor is a divine melody to the feet""), a roof covered with earth and grass, and large trees growing from inside the rooms, with limbs extending from windows. Hundertwasser took no payment for the design of the house, declaring that it was worth it, to prevent something ugly from going up in its place. Within the house there are 52 apartments, four offices, 16 private terraces and three communal terraces, and a total of 250 trees and bushes. The Hundertwasser House is one of Vienna's most visited buildings and has become part of Austria's cultural heritage.

In Kawakawa, New Zealand, where Hundertwasser lived between 1975 and 2000, he designed the public toilets. Coach-loads of tourists visit every day to see these toilets, which are designed according to the artist's strict beliefs. All of the plants and vegetation which were displaced by the toilet were replanted on the roof, and it was built from recycled bricks from an old bank, and the residents' used glass bottles.


Edgar Degas

Edgar Degas (, ; born Hilaire-Germain-Edgar De Gas, ; 19 July 183427 September 1917) was a French artist. He is famous for his paintings and sculptures: he was one of those who started Impressionism, although he rejected the term, and preferred to be called a realist.

A superb draughtsman, he is identified with the subject of the dance, and over half of his works depict dancers. These display his mastery in the depiction of movement, as do his racecourse subjects and female nudes. His portraits are notable for their psychological complexity and the way they show human isolation.

He was born in Paris, France. He began to paint early in his life. Because his father wanted it, he went to university to become a lawyer in 1853. Edgar did not like this, and he went to study at the "École des Beaux-Arts", an important art-school in Paris in 1855. In 1856 he traveled to Naples in Italy, he stayed there for 3 years. He studied famous painters like Michelangelo and Raphael and learnt by copying their work.

In 1859 he came back to Paris. He started his first important painting "The Bellelli Family", and also started on a few paintings on historical myths, like "Alexander and Bucephalus" and "The Daughter of Jephthah". In 1861 he visited Normandy and made his first drawings of horses which were an important subject for his paintings.

After the start of the Franco-Prussian War in 1870, Degas worked for the National Guard. He did not have time to paint. After the war he went to stay with his brother Rene in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1873 he went back to Paris and in 1874 his father died. He then found out his brother had large business debts. Edgar had to sell the house and a collection of art he had inherited. He now had to depend on his paintings for his income. He created a lot of great paintings in next 10 years. With the money he earned, he bought paintings by painters he liked a lot. Examples are Manet, Paul Cézanne, Pissarro, Gauguin, Van Gogh and others.

In 1874 Edgar Degas and a group of other painters started to organise their own art exhibition. Their exhibitions were called "Impressionist Exhibitions". At the end of the 1880s, he started to take photographs of his friends. Other photographs, of dancers and nudes, were used as an example for some of his later paintings.

As the years passed, he became isolated. They think that he made sculptures up until 1910. He probably stopped working in 1912. He never married, and he was nearly blind at the end of his life. He died in Paris in 1917.


Luigi Russolo

Luigi Russolo (30 April 1883 – 4 February 1947) was a painter and musician from Italy. He was part of the Futurism movement and built his own musical instruments. His instruments were destroyed in World War II in Paris, because the Germans bombed the city, others have simply disappeared.

Bacterial conjugation

Bacterial conjugation is the transfer of genetic material between bacterial cells by direct cell-to-cell contact or by a bridge-like connection between two cells.

Conjugation is a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer, as are transformation and transduction, though these two other mechanisms do not involve cell-to-cell contact.

Bacterial conjugation was discovered by Nobel Prize winners Joshua Lederberg and Edward Tatum. They showed that the bacterium "Escherichia coli" entered a sexual phase during which it could share genetic information.

Bacterial conjugation is often incorrectly regarded as the equivalent of sexual reproduction, since it involves the exchange of genetic material. During conjugation the "donor" cell provides a conjugative or mobilizable genetic element that is most often a plasmid or transposon. Most conjugative plasmids have systems ensuring that the "recipient" cell does not already contain a similar element.

The genetic information transferred is often beneficial to the recipient. Benefits may include antibiotic resistance, xenobiotic tolerance or the ability to use new metabolites. Such beneficial plasmids may be considered bacterial endosymbionts. Other elements, however, may be viewed as bacterial parasites and conjugation as a mechanism evolved by them to allow for their spread.

The basic conjugative plasmid is the F-plasmid, or F-factor. The F-plasmid is an episome (a plasmid that can integrate itself into the bacterial chromosome) with a length of about 100,000 base pairs.

There can only be one copy of the F-plasmid in a given bacterium, either free or integrated, and bacteria that possess a copy are called "F-positive" or "F-plus" (denoted F). Cells that lack F plasmids are called "F-negative" or "F-minus" (F) and can function as recipient cells.

The nitrogen fixing "Rhizobia" are an interesting case of inter-kingdom conjugation.

For example, the tumor-inducing (Ti) plasmid of "Agrobacterium" and the root-tumor inducing (Ri) plasmid of "A. rhizogenes" contain genes that are capable of transferring to plant cells. These genes turn plant cells into factories producing chemicals used by the bacteria for nitrogen and energy. Infected cells form crown galls or root tumours, respectively. The Ti and Ri plasmids are thus endosymbionts of the bacteria, which are in turn endosymbionts (or parasites) of the infected plant.

Conjugation is a convenient means for transferring genetic material to a variety of targets. In laboratories successful transfers have been reported from bacteria to yeast, plants, mammalian cells, and isolated mammalian mitochondria.

Conjugation has advantages over other forms of genetic transfer. In plant engineering, "Agrobacterium"-like conjugation complements other standard vehicles such as tobacco mosaic virus (TMV). While TMV is capable of infecting many plant families these are primarily herbaceous dicots. "Agrobacterium"-like conjugation is also primarily used for dicots, but monocot recipients are not uncommon.

Plasmid

A plasmid is a DNA molecule that is separate from the chromosomal DNA and that can replicate (copy itself) independently.

The term "plasmid" was first introduced by the American molecular biologist Joshua Lederberg in 1952.

Plasmids are double stranded and, in many cases, circular. Plasmids usually occur naturally in bacteria, but are sometimes found in eukaryotic organisms (e.g., the "2-micrometre-ring" in "Saccharomyces cerevisiae").

Plasmid size varies from 1 to over 1,000 kilobase pairs (kbp). The number of identical plasmids within a single cell can range from one to thousands. Plasmids are often associated with conjugation, a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer.

Plasmids are transferable genetic elements, or "replicons", capable of independent self copying in a suitable host. Plasmids can be found in all three major domains, Archaea, Bacteria and Eukarya. Similar to viruses, plasmids are not considered a form of "life" as it is currently defined. Unlike viruses, plasmids are "naked" DNA and do not encode genes necessary to encase the genetic material for transfer to a new host.

Plasmid host-to-host transfer requires direct, mechanical transfer by conjugation or changes in host gene expression allowing the intentional uptake of the genetic element by transformation.

Microbial transformation with plasmid DNA is neither parasitic nor symbiotic in nature, since each implies the presence of an independent species living in a commensal or detrimental state with the host organism. Rather, plasmids provide a mechanism for horizontal gene transfer within a population of microbes and may provide a selective advantage under a given environmental state.

Plasmids may carry genes that provide resistance to naturally occurring antibiotics in a competitive environmental niche, or alternatively the proteins produced may act as toxins under similar circumstances. Plasmids also can provide bacteria with an ability to fix elemental nitrogen or to degrade difficult organic compounds. This may provide an advantage under conditions of nutrient deprivation.

The construction of first recombinant DNA emerged from linking of a gene encoding antibiotic resistance with a native plasmid.

Horizontal gene transfer

Horizontal gene transfer (HGT) (or "Lateral gene transfer") is how an organism gets genetic material from another organism without being the offspring of that organism. 

By contrast, "vertical transfer" occurs when an organism gets genetic material from its ancestor, e.g., its parent or a species from which it has evolved.

Most thinking in genetics has focused on vertical transfer, but horizontal gene transfer is also important. Amongst single-celled organisms it may be the dominant form of genetic transfer. Artificial horizontal gene transfer may be used as a type of genetic engineering.

There are several mechanisms for horizontal gene transfer:


Horizontal gene transfer was first described in Japan in a 1959 publication that demonstrated the transfer of antibiotic resistance between different species of bacteria. 

In the mid-1980s, Syvanen suggested that lateral gene transfer not only had biological significance, but was involved in shaping evolutionary history from the beginning of life on Earth. 

"Increasingly, studies of genes and genomes are indicating that considerable horizontal transfer has occurred between prokaryotes". The phenomenon appears to have had some significance for unicellular eukaryotes as well. As Bapteste et al. observe, "additional evidence suggests that gene transfer might also be an important evolutionary mechanism in protist evolution".

There is some evidence that even higher plants and animals have been affected. Richardson and Palmer (2007) state: "Horizontal gene transfer (HGT) has played a major role in bacterial evolution and is fairly common in certain unicellular eukaryotes. However, the prevalence and importance of HGT in the evolution of multicellular eukaryotes remains unclear".

Transduction (genetics)

Transduction how a virus moves DNA from one bacterium to another. 

Joshua Lederberg and his graduate student Norton Zinder showed in 1952 that bacteriophages could transfer genetic information between bacteria in "Salmonella". This explained how bacteria of different species could gain resistance to the same antibiotic very quickly. 

Transduction also refers to the process whereby foreign DNA is introduced into another cell via a viral vector. This is a common tool used by molecular biologists to introduce a foreign gene into a host cell's genome.

When bacteriophages infect a bacterial cell, they usually reproduce by using the replicational, transcriptional, and translation machinery of the host bacterial cell to make many complete viral particles, including the viral DNA or RNA and the protein coat. Errors in this process can result in the virus carrying over DNA from one bacterium to another.

Ferdinand de Lesseps

Ferdinand Marie, Vicomte () de Lesseps, GCSI (19 November 1805 – 7 December 1894) was the French developer of the Suez Canal, which joined the Mediterranean and Red Seas in 1869. He also tried to build a Panama Canal during the 1880s, but malaria and yellow fever was so bad that he gave up and the Panama Canal Company went bankrupt. A different canal was later built by the United States and completed in 1914.

Ferdinand de Lesseps was born at Versailles, Yvelines, in 1805. His first years were spent in Italy, where his father was a diplomat.

In 1828 de Lesseps was sent as an assistant vice-consul to Tunis, where his father was consul-general. He aided the escape of Youssouff, pursued by the soldiers of the Bey, of whom he was one of the officers, for violation of the seraglio law.

In 1832 de Lesseps was appointed vice-consul at Alexandria, and in 1833 he became consul in Cairo, and soon afterwards given the management of the consulate general at Alexandria, until 1837. Near the end of 1837 he returned to France, and on 21 December married Agathe Delamalle (Garches, Hauts-de-Seine, 15 October 1819 – Paris, 13 July 1853), daughter of the prosecuting attorney at the court of Angers. They had five sons.

In 1839 he was appointed consul at Rotterdam, and in the following year transferred to Málaga, the ancestral home of his mother's family. In 1842 he was sent to Barcelona, and soon afterwards promoted to the grade of consul general. From 1848 to 1849 he was minister of France at Madrid.

In 1849 the government of the French Republic sent him to Rome to negotiate the return of Pope Pius IX to the Vatican. He tried to negotiate an agreement whereby Pope Pius could return peacefully to the Vatican but also ensuring the continued independence of Rome. But during negotiations, the elections in France caused a change in the foreign policy of the government.

He was created on 30 August 1851 the 334th Commander and then the 200th Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword.

De Lesseps then retired from the diplomatic service, and never again occupied any public office. In 1853 he lost his wife and his son Ferdinand Victor at a few days' interval. In 1854, the accession to the viceroyalty of Egypt of Said Pasha gave de Lesseps a new impulse to act upon the creation of a Suez Canal.

Said Pasha invited de Lesseps to pay him a visit, and on 7 November 1854 he landed at Alexandria; on the 30th of the same month Said Pasha signed the concession authorizing him to build the Suez Canal.

De Lesseps died at Château de La Chesnaye in Guilly, Vatan, Indre, on 7 December 1894. He was buried in the Père Lachaise cemetery in Paris.

His name was used in a speech by Egyptian President Gamal Nasser as the codeword to order the raiding of the Suez Canal Company's offices on 26 July 1956, the first step to its nationalization. In the course of the raid and seizure of the canal by Nasser, the statue of de Lesseps at the entrance of the Suez Canal was removed from its pedestal, to symbolize the end of European ownership of the waterway. The statue now stands in a small garden of the Port Fouad shipyard.

Parker, Matthew. Panama Fever: The Epic Story of One of the Greatest Human Achievements of All Time - the Building of the Panama Canal. New York: Doubleday, 


Transformation (genetics)

In molecular biology, transformation is the genetic alteration of a cell by the direct uptake and expression of DNA from its surroundings.

Transformation occurs naturally in some species of bacteria, and can also be done artificially. Bacteria that are capable of being transformed, whether naturally or artificially, are called "competent".

Transformation is one of three processes by which outside genetic material may be brought into bacterial cells. The other two are conjugation (transfer of genetic material between two bacterial cells in direct contact), and transduction (injection of foreign DNA by a bacteriophage into the host).

Transformation may also used to describe the insertion of new genetic material into nonbacterial cells, such as animal and plant cells. Introduction of foreign DNA into eukaryote cells is usually called "transfection".

Transformation was first demonstrated in 1928 by British bacteriologist Frederick Griffith. Griffith discovered that a harmless strain of "Streptococcus pneumoniae" could be made virulent after being exposed to heat-killed virulent strains.

Griffith thought some "transforming principle" from the heat-killed strain was responsible for making the harmless strain virulent. In 1944 this transforming principle was identified as being genetic by Oswald Avery, Colin MacLeod, and Maclyn McCarty. They isolated DNA from a virulent strain of "S. pneumoniae" and using just this DNA were able to make a harmless strain virulent. They called this uptake and incorporation of DNA by bacteria 'transformation'. See Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment.

The results of these experiments were at first sceptically received by the scientific community. Not until the discovery of other methods of genetic transfer (conjugation in 1947 and transduction in 1953) by Joshua Lederberg were Avery's experiments accepted. Transformation did not become routine procedure in laboratories until 1972 when Cohen successfully transformed "Escherichia coli" by treating the bacteria with calcium chloride. This created an efficient and convenient procedure for transforming bacteria and opened the way for biotechnology and research.

Transformation of animal and plant cells was also investigated with the first transgenic mouse being created by injecting a gene for a rat growth hormone into a mouse embryo in 1982.

In 1907 a bacterium that caused plant tumors, "Agrobacterium tumefaciens", was discovered and in the early 1970s the tumor inducing agent was found to be a DNA plasmid called the Ti plasmid. By removing the genes in the plasmid which caused the tumour and adding in new genes researchers were able to infect plants with "A. tumefaciens" and let the bacteria insert their chosen DNA into the genomes of the plants.

Not all plant cells are susceptible to infection by "A. tumefaciens," so other methods were developed including electroporation and micro-injection. Particle bombardment was made possible with the invention of the Biolistic Particle Delivery System (gene gun) by John Sanford in 1990.

Charles Ranhofer

Charles Ranhofer (November 7, 1836, Saint-Denis, France — October 9, 1899, New York) was the chef at the famous Delmonico's Restaurant in New York from 1862 to 1876 and 1879 to 1896. Ranhofer wrote "The Epicurean", (1894), a cookbook of over 1,000 pages, similar in scope to Escoffier's "Le Guide Culinaire".

Ranhofer was sent to Paris at the age of 12 to begin his training by studying pastry-making, and at 16 became the private chef for the prince d'Hénin, comte d'Alsace. In 1856 he moved to New York to become the chef for the Russian consul, and later worked in Washington, D.C. and New Orleans.

He returned to France in 1860 for a short time, where he arranged balls for the court of Napoleon III at the Tuileries Palace, but then came back to New York to work at what was then a fashionable location, "Maison Dorée". In 1862, Lorenzo Delmonico hired him for Delmonico's Restaurant, and it was there that Ranhofer made his real fame, though others say that he made the fame of the restaurant as well. At that time, Delmonico's was considered the finest restaurant in the United States. He was the chef at Delmonico's until his retirement in 1896, except for a short break from 1876 and 1879 when he owned the "Hotel American" at Enghien-les-Bains.

Ranhofer invented or made famous a number of dishes that Delmonico's was known for, such as Lobster Newberg, and had a talent for naming dishes after famous or prominent people—particularly those who dined at Delmonico's--as well as his friends, and events of the day. Examples include:
"Many others may be found under "List of foods named after people.""

Ranhofer did not invent baked Alaska, but he popularized it in 1876 when he named it in honor of the newly acquired Alaskan territory.

Ranhofer and his wife Rose had five children: three sons and two daughters. He died at home of Bright's Disease in 1899. He was buried at Woodlawn Cemetery.


Malibu, California

Malibu () is a beach city in western Los Angeles County, California, about west of Downtown Los Angeles. It has a Mediterranean climate. The strip of the Malibu coast incorporated in 1991 into the City of Malibu. The area is home of Hollywood movie stars, people in the entertainment industry, and other affluent residents. Most Malibu residents live within a few hundred yards of Pacific Coast Highway (State Route 1), which crosses the city, with some residents living up to a mile (1.6 km) away from the beach up narrow canyons. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,654.

Joshua Lederberg

Joshua Lederberg (May 23, 1925 – February 2, 2008) was an American geneticist. He was known for his work on bacterial transduction, artificial intelligence, and space exploration. He was just 33 years old when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering that bacteria can mate and exchange genes. He shared the prize with Edward Tatum and George Beadle who won for their work on the genetics of the fungus "Neurospora".

In addition to his contributions to biology, Lederberg did extensive research in artificial intelligence. This included work in the NASA experimental programs seeking life on Mars and the chemistry expert system Dendral.

Lederberg was of Jewish descent.

In 1946 and 1947, Lederberg took a leave of absence to study under Edward Tatum at Yale University. Lederberg and Tatum showed that the bacterium "Escherichia coli" entered a sexual phase during which it could share genetic information through bacterial conjugation. With this discovery and some mapping of the "E. coli" chromosome, Lederberg got his PhD. from Yale University in 1947. 

Lederberg and his graduate student Norton Zinder went on to show in 1952 that bacteriophages could transfer genetic information between bacteria in "Salmonella". This process, called transduction, explained how bacteria of different species could gain resistance to the same antibiotic quickly. This was followed in 1952 by papers written by Zinder and Lederberg dealing with bacteriophage lambda. 

In 1957, Lederberg founded the Department of Medical Genetics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.

In 1958, Joshua Lederberg received the Nobel Prize and moved to Stanford University where he was the founder and chairman of the Department of Genetics. He collaborated with Frank Macfarlane Burnet to study viral antibodies. 

With the launching of "Sputnik" in 1957, Lederberg became concerned about the biological impact of space exploration. In a letter to the National Academies of Sciences, he outlined his concerns that extraterrestrial microbes might gain entry to Earth onboard spacecraft, causing catastrophic diseases. He also argued that, conversely, microbial contamination of manmade satellites and probes may obscure the search for extraterrestrial life. He advised quarantine for returning astronauts and equipment and sterilization of equipment before launching. 

Teaming up with Carl Sagan, his public advocacy for what he termed exobiology helped expand the role of biology in NASA. In the 1960s, he collaborated with Edward Feigenbaum in Stanford's computer science department to develop DENDRAL.

In 1978, he became the president of Rockefeller University, until he stepped down in 1990 and became professor-emeritus of molecular genetics and informatics at Rockefeller University.

Throughout his career, Lederberg was active as a scientific advisor to the U.S. government. Starting in 1950, he has been a member of various panels of the Presidential Science Advisory Committee. In 1979, he became a member of the U.S. Defense Science Board and the chairman of President Jimmy Carter's President's Cancer Panel. In 1989, he received National Medal of Science for his contributions to the scientific world. In 1994, he headed the Department of Defense's Task Force on Persian Gulf War Health Effects, which investigated Gulf War Syndrome.

In 2006, Lederberg was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Spirochaete

Spirochaetes (or Spirochetes) are the phylum Spirochaetae. These are double-membrane bacteria with long, helically coiled (spiral-shaped) cells. 

Spirochaetes are bacteria. They have flagella, which run lengthwise between the cell wall and outer membrane. The flagella cause a twisting motion which moves the spirochaete about. 

Most spirochaetes are free-living and anaerobic, but there are many parasitic species.

The spirochaetes are divided into three families (Brachyspiraceae, Leptospiraceae, and Spirochaetaceae). They are all put in a single order, the Spirochaetales. Disease-causing members of this phylum include:



Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment

The Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment was reported in 1944 by Oswald Avery, Colin MacLeod, and Maclyn McCarty, that DNA is the substance that causes bacterial transformation.

This was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the "transforming principle" responsible for the phenomenon first described in Griffith's experiment of 1928. In this early experiment dead "Streptococcus pneumoniae" of the virulent strain type III-S, when injected along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci, resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci.

At that time it was thought protein might be the hereditary material. In their paper in 1944, Avery and his colleagues suggest that DNA, rather than protein was the hereditary material of bacteria, and could be analogous to genes and/or viruses in higher organisms.

This was an epoch-making experiment, but the three men did not get the Nobel Prize. The Nobel laureate Arne Tiselius said that Avery was the most deserving scientist not to receive the Nobel Prize for his work.

Alton, Kansas

Alton is a city in Osborne County, Kansas, United States. There were 100 people living in Alton in the 2020 census. Alton was previously known as "Bull City".

Lebanon, Kansas

Lebanon is a city in Smith County, Kansas, United States, in the north central part of the state. The population was 178 at the 2020 census.

Sprint Corporation

Sprint Nextel Corporation () was a telecommunications company based in Overland Park, Kansas. It operated under the name Sprint, and was once the fourth largest wireless telecommunications network in the United States behind Verizon, AT&T and T-Mobile, with 56.3 million customers, behind Verizon Wireless and AT&T Mobility.

On April 1, 2020, T-Mobile and Sprint merged, with T-Mobile now being the whole owner of Sprint, making Sprint an effective subsidiary of T-Mobile until the Sprint brand was officially phased out. Leadership, background, and stock changes happened immediately, with customer side changes happening over time. Sprint was officially discontinued on August 2, 2020. Billing was already showing the T-Mobile brand, and on this date all retail, customer service, and all other company branding was replaced by T-Mobile. New rate plans were also introduced as well for all new and existing customers from both companies, though they will all will remain with their current plan, if they choose not to switch to a new T-Mobile plan for at least 3 years.

Montgomery County, Kansas

Montgomery County (county code MG) is a county found in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, 31,486 people lived there. Its county seat is Independence, and its most populous city is Coffeyville.

Montgomery County was created on February 26, 1867.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (1.2%) is water. The lowest point in the state of Kansas is on the Verdigris River in Cherokee Township in Montgomery County (just southeast of Coffeyville), where it flows out of Kansas and into Oklahoma. Western portions of the county contain parts of the northern Cross Timbers eco-region, which separates the forested eastern portion of the United States with the Plains.


The Coffeyville Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Montgomery County.




Montgomery County is divided into twelve townships. The cities of Caney, Cherryvale, Coffeyville, and Independence are considered "governmentally independent" and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.




Rajon Rondo

Rajon Pierre Rondo (born February 22, 1986 in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American basketball player who currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the NBA as a point guard. Rondo won an NBA Championpship with the Boston Celtics in 2008. Rondo was selected with the 21st overall pick in the first round of the 2006 NBA Draft by the Phoenix Suns. Rondo played college basketball for the University of Kentucky.


Bette Midler

Bette Midler (born December 1, 1945) is an American actress, singer and comedian. She starred in movies including "Ruthless People", "Beaches" and "Hocus Pocus". Midler has won many awards in the entertainment industry. She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Midler released her first album, "The Divine Miss M", in December 1972. Midler won the 1973 Grammy Award for Best New Artist because of it.

In 1979 Midler appeared in her first movie, "The Rose", as the main character.

In 1998 she played Cecilia Bloom in "Beaches". The movie's soundtrack featured a cover version of "Wind Beneath My Wings" sung by Midler. It reached No.1.

In 2000 she had her own sitcom called "Bette". It ended after one season.

Subway (restaurant)

Subway is a corporation that operates a large chain of fast food restaurants. These restaurants mainly sell submarine sandwiches, but also pizzas and salads. The name "Subway" comes from the New York City Subway, a public transport system in New York City, and many restaurants are decorated with historic photographs and maps of the subway system.

The first Subway outside of North America opened in Bahrain, in December 1984. Today, there are more than 44,000 Subway locations in 112 countries across the world, making it the world's largest fast food restaurant chain by number of stores. It has more stores than McDonald's, but McDonald's earns more revenue than Subway.

Since 2007, Subway has consistently ranked in Entrepreneur Magazines' top 500 franchise list. It also ranked 2nd on the "Fastest Growing Franchise" lists. In March 2011, Subway was named "the most loved fast food chain in the US" by Amplicate.com.

Subway's main product is a type of sandwich called a submarine sandwich or "sub". Each sub is made from a combination of baguette, meat, cheese and vegetables. Subway has different menu items for different countries. However, there are some common products that are sold in most countries. They are:

Subway formerly had 23 kosher restaurants in Israel. All were closed by 2004. In the United States, there used to be 12 locations with kosher food. As of 2011 only 5 were open.

Subway opened its first restaurant in India in 2001 in New Delhi. Subway restaurants in India do not serve beef and pork products in deference to Hindu and Muslim beliefs respectively. Subway opened its first all-vegetarian outlet on the campus of Lovely Professional University (LPU) in Jalandhar, Punjab. In 2009, Zagat Survey Says "Top Overall", Behind Wendy's.


Brandon Bochenski

Brandon Louis Bochenski (born April 4, 1982) is a Kazakhstani-American former professional ice hockey player. He was picked by the Ottawa Senators with the 223rd overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. He played in the NHL for many teams including the Ottawa Senators from 2004-2006, Chicago Blackhawks from 2005-2007, Boston Bruins from 2006-2008, Anaheim Ducks in 2007, Nashville Predators in 2007 and the Tampa Bay Lightning from 2008-2010 before leaving North America to sign a one-year contract with the Kontinental Hockey League's, Barys Astana.

Elimination Chamber

Elimination Chamber is a professional wrestling match held by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). One or two matches have taken place each year at the pay-per-view (PPV) event, also called Elimination Chamber (or No Escape in Germany), since 2010.

WWE released a DVD with the title "Satan's Prison: The Anthology of the Elimination Chamber" ("Iron Will" in Europe), which included every Elimination Chamber match up until Elimination Chamber 2010, in July of 2010. The DVD is very edited mostly because of Chris Benoit.


