Helmut Schmidt

Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt (23 December 1918 – 10 November 2015) was a German politician. He was Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1974 to 1982.

Helmut Schmidt was born in Hamburg in 1918. He finished school in 1937 with the Abitur. Afterwards he had to join the working service and later the army. At the end of World War II, he was a First Lieutenant. He became a prisoner of war in 1945.

After he was set free, he started to study macro economy. He finished his studies in 1949. Then he started to work for the administration of Hamburg.

Schmidt joined into the Social Democratic Party of Germany in 1949. In 1953, he became a member of the Bundestag first time. From 1961 to 1965, he was Senator in the state government of Hamburg.

From 1969 to 1972, he was Minister of Defence of West Germany. From 1972 to 1974 he was Minister of Finance.

After Willy Brandt gave up his job as "Bundeskanzler", Helmut Schmidt was elected as new chancellor.

In July 2013, it was discovered that Schmidt bought 38,000 cigarettes due to a fear of them being banned in Europe.

Schmidt died in Hamburg on 10 November 2015 from complications of surgery he had to cure a blood clot in his left leg. He was 96 years old.


Glinde

Glinde is a town in the province of Schleswig-Holstein in Germany, about 20 km away from Hamburg.

The name Glinde is found in a document from March 25 1229 for the first time. In the document, Earl Adolf IV. of Schauenburg and Holstein gave the village to a Cistercian convent. (The convent moved to today's town of Reinbek.) The King of Denmark and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, Frederick I of Denmark, got all the convent had during the Protestant Reformation. In 1544 his son Christian III gave a part of it to each of his brothers. The owner changed again several times.

In 1948, the town administration of Glinde, Oststeinbek, Havighorst and Schönningstedt were brought together to the Amt Glinde. Schönningstedt left that combination in 1949 and Havighorst left it in 1973. So Glinde und Oststeinbek became independent villages.

On June 24, 1979, (on the 750th anniversary of the village), Glinde became a town.





Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov

Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov, (18 March 1844, Tikhvin – 21 June 1908) was a Russian composer. He was one of the most famous composers of his time and influenced a lot of other composers. Like so many Russian composers in the 19th century, he was an amateur composer. His main job was in the navy.

Rimsky-Korsakov was born near Novgorod, 18 March 1844, and died in Lybensk, near St Petersburg, 21 June 1908. He is best known for his operas, orchestral music and songs. He was brilliant at writing music for orchestras and wrote an excellent book about orchestration. He loved to write music about fairy-tale stories and legends. His best-known work is "Scheherazade", an orchestral piece which describes in music the stories told by Scheherazade in the book of "One Thousand and One Nights". He also completed or re-orchestrated several works by Modest Mussorgsky which had been left unfinished.

Rimsky-Korsakov was born in 1844. Several people from his family had careers in the Russian army and navy. Both his grandmothers, however, were simple people who had lived in the country. When he was young he showed a great interest in music. He sang every tune he heard and knew, without looking, the names of the notes that he heard being played on the piano. When he was six he started piano lessons. The opera "Life for the Tsar" by Glinka made a big impression on him. However, he wanted to join the navy, so in 1862 he entered the College of Naval Cadets, where his brother (who was 22 years older) was the director.

He continued to learn the piano while he was at Cadet school. He was never a brilliant pianist, but he enjoyed playing tunes from operas on the piano. He got to know several young composers who were already becoming famous: Balakirev, Cui and Mussorgsky. Balakirev gave him advice about his compositions. He started to write a symphony, but then he had to go to sea for two-and-a-half years. He sailed on a clipper called "Almaz". The boat went to Gravesend, the Baltic Sea, New York, Rio de Janeiro and the Mediterranean When he got back, Balakirev made him finish the symphony.

Rimsky-Korsakov now worked about two or three hours a day for the navy. He spent the rest of the time composing or visiting friends. He met more composers, including Borodin and Dargomïzhsky, and he composed songs and piano music, although he was not good enough to play the piano to audiences. However, his friends realized that he was very good at writing for orchestras and he was asked to orchestrate several pieces. Dargomïzhsky, who was dying, had not yet orchestrated his opera "The Stone Guest", so he asked Rimsky-Korsakov to do it.

Although he had not had any formal musical education he was offered a job as professor of composition at the Petersburg Conservatory. In 1872 he married a girl called Nadezhda. She was a beautiful woman and an excellent pianist, and she helped him a lot, especially in making piano arrangements of his orchestral music.

He wrote three symphonies and an opera "The Maid of Pskov", but in 1897 he stopped composing for several years. He spent his time inspecting naval bands and studied in great detail how musical instruments worked. Then, in 1880 he produced a new opera "May Night". It was performed in the Mariinsky Theatre. One of the main parts was sung by Fyodor Stravinsky, who was the father of Igor Stravinsky. Rimsky-Korsakov had by now become really interested in Russian folktunes and fairy tales. His next opera was "Snow Maiden". Then his friend Mussorgsky died, leaving lots of compositions unfinished. Rimsky-Korsakov spent a lot of time preparing them for publication. He made changes to some of Mussorgsky’s harmonies so that it suited his Romantic tastes. Nowadays many people think that Mussorgsky’s versions are better and that Rimsky-Korsakov had not understood properly what Mussorgsky had been trying to do. He also completed and orchestrated Borodin’s opera "Prince Igor" after Borodin died. He composed two very popular orchestral works: "Spanish Capriccio" (1887) and "Sheherazade" (1888). After this he hardly ever wrote any music which was just for orchestra, he concentrated instead on writing operas, e.g. The Tsar's Bride (1899).

He became even more interested in opera after Karl Muck had conducted Richard Wagner’s Ring Cycle four times in St Petersburg, but Wagner’s music did not influence his own style. However, he also had lots of worries, particularly about the health of some members of his family. He started to become depressed and worried about losing his ability to compose. He became more relaxed after he moved to a new home in the country. He composed the operas "Christmas Eve" and "Sadko". He wrote many beautiful songs and made changes to some of his earlier music. He also wrote an autobiography.

Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov died of heart trouble in 1908.

Rimsky-Korsakov is best known in the west for a few orchestral works, especially: "Scheherazade", "Spanish Capriccio" and "Easter Festival" overture. The way he arranges the music for the different instruments of the orchestra is brilliant (for example: in "Scheherazade" his use of the trombones for the evil Sultan, the violin for the beautiful Scheherazade, or the bassoon for the beggar. His operas are also full of wonderful effects and brilliant writing for the singers, but are often hard to translate well into other languages. One of his most famous piano works is "The Flight Of The Bumblebee".


Modest Mussorgsky

Modest Petrovitch Mussorgsky (born Karevo, Pskov district, 21 March 1839; died St Petersburg, 28 March 1881) was a Russian composer.

Mussorgsky is famous for his operas and songs. He discovered new ways of writing for the voice which were very tuneful but which also suited the Russian language. His most famous opera is "Boris Godunov". He wrote an overture called "Night on a Bald Mountain". Another very famous piece is called "Pictures at an Exhibition". He wrote it for the piano, but many years after his death another composer called Maurice Ravel orchestrated it and this is the version people usually hear today. Some of his works were re-orchestrated and "improved" by the composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. In recent years people have started to think that what Mussorgsky wrote originally was better.

Mussorgsky was born in Toropets, 250 miles south of Saint Petersburg. His family were very rich and owned a lot of land and servants (known as “serfs” in Russia). He probably got to know the serfs well. Later, in his operas, we can see that he had a lot of sympathy for the ordinary, poor people. When Mussorgsky was six he started to have piano lessons from his mother. He learned very quickly, and when he was nine he performed a concerto by John Field and works by Franz Liszt for the family. When he was 10 he and his brother went to a private school: St Peter’s School. When he was 12 he composed a polka. His father paid for it to be published.

When he was 13 he was sent to the Cadet School of the Guards. His parents wanted him to be in military service, like his ancestors had been. It was a hard life at the school. There was a lot of bullying. He learned to drink alcohol and this eventually led to his alcoholism which was to kill him. He played the piano for the cadets to dance to. He was interested in history and German philosophy.

In October 1856, when he was 17 years old, he met the 22-year-old Alexander Borodin. They were both working in a military hospital in Saint Petersburg. The two men were soon good friends. He also met Alexander Dargomyzhsky who was then the most important Russian composer after Mikhail Glinka. Dargomyzhsky liked Mussorgsky's piano playing, and Mussorgsky often went to musical parties at Dargomyzhsky’s home. Here he met many other important Russian musicians: the critic Vladimir Stasov and the composers César Cui and Mily Balakirev. He had a very special relationship with Balakirev who was like a teacher to him and gave him a lot of advice and encouragement, introducing him to a lot of music he did not yet know. In 1858 Mussorgsky decided to give up his job and spend all his time on music.

The following years were difficult for Mussorgsky. He had a lot of depression. He composed some piano pieces and some songs. It was also a difficult time for his family who lost a lot of their wealth in 1861 when the new tsar of Russia ordered that the serfs could be free. Mussorgsky became a member of a group of five composers who became known as the Mighty Handful. The other four were Balakirev, Borodin, Cui and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. The five were not together for very long. The others became too busy with careers outside music, or their musical tastes became very different from Mussorgsky’s. In 1863 he started to compose an opera "Salammbô" but he never finished it.

Mussorgsky was very upset when his mother died in 1865. He started to drink heavily. 
In 1867 he finished the original orchestral version of his "Night on Bald Mountain". Balakirev did not like it and refused to conduct it, so it was never performed during Mussorgsky’s lifetime.

Mussorgsky continued his career as a civil servant, but often he was not paid. He was very impressed by Dargomïzhsky’s new opera "The Stone Guest" and composed eleven scenes for an opera called "The Marriage". This, too, remained unfinished. However, he learned a lot from working at these unfinished works, and developed his own style which was later used in his greatest work: "Boris Godunov". He learned a way of setting words to music that would keep the words flowing in a natural way which heightened their meaning. It was very different from the old-style operas where music was divided sharply into arias and recitatives with a few choruses.

When he was 29 he was encouraged to write an opera on the historical story of Boris Godunov. He based his opera on a play by Alexander Pushkin, but he also read history books by Nikolay Karamzin. He worked at the opera for a year while living with friends and working for the Forestry Department. In 1871 he had finished it, but it was not performed in the theatre because it did not have an important part for a female. Mussorgsky changed the opera, adding a whole new act with a love scene with a Polish princess. He made other changes as well. The new version was accepted. The first performance of the complete Godunov took place in February 1874. Mussorgsky was then at the height of his fame.

After this Mussorgsky’s life became gradually worse. He was depressed, and had fits of madness. He was drinking heavily. He still managed to compose. He wrote a song cycle
"Sunless", a piano suite "Pictures at an Exhibition" and started two operas: "Khovanschina" and "The Fair at Sorochyntsi". A lot of his friends were drinking, and many of them died. He was lucky to keep his job: his boss was very keen on music and allowed him a lot of time off work. However, in 1880 he eventually lost his job. He was very poor. A group of friends got together to give him money so that he could finish the two operas he was composing. He almost managed to finish "Khovanschina" but "The Fair at Sorochyntsi" remained unfinished. He became ill. The famous painter Repin made a painting of the composer, showing him with a red nose and glazed eyes. He died a week after his 42nd birthday.

Mussorgsky's music uses Russian musical themes. His music influenced later composers such as Dmitri Shostakovich and Sergei Prokofiev. His greatest work was the opera "Boris Godunov" which was about an historical character who illegally made himself tsar of Russia, but dies when he feels guilty about the murder he had committed.

"Khovanshchina" was left unfinished and was completed by Rimsky-Korsakov. It was first performed in 1886 in Saint Petersburg. This opera, too, was revised by Shostakovich. "The Fair at Sorochyntsi" remained unfinished. It includes a dance, a Gopak, which is very well-known.

Perhaps his best-known work is "Pictures at an Exhibition". It was written for piano, but later the French composer Maurice Ravel arranged it for orchestra, and this version is very often performed today at concerts. A short orchestral piece "Night on Bald Mountain" is also very often performed.

Mussorgsky wrote a number of songs including three short song cycles: "The Nursery" (1872), "Sunless" (1874) and "Songs and Dances of Death" (1877). One very well-known song is "Mephistopheles' Song of the Flea".

Provost

In the United States, the Provost is the chief academic officer of a college or university. Different schools have different rules for what the Provost does, but most Provosts deal with issues about hiring and dismissing professors and giving out tenure, handling complaints about academic programs, and deciding what the general academic policies are for the school. In other countries, the Provost is sometimes the leader of the whole college or university.

Robert Kocharian

Robert Kocharian is the president of Armenia. He is the second president Armenia has had since it left the Soviet Union. On August 31 1954 Robert Kocharian was born in Nagorno-Karabakh, in the city of Stepanakert. As president of Armenia, Kocharian has been talking to the president of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev, about what to do with the land of Nagorno-Karabakh, which the two countries had a war over.

Armenians

Armenians (, ) are an ethnic group and nation native to the Armenian highlands of West Asia. Armenians constitute the main population of the Republic of Armenia and constituted the main population of the unrecognized Republic of Artsakh until the Armenians of Nagorno-Narabakh were ethnically cleansed. There is a wide-ranging diaspora of around five million people of full or partial Armenian ancestry living outside modern Armenia. The largest Armenian populations today exist in Russia, the United States, France, Georgia, Iran, Germany, Ukraine, Lebanon, Brazil, Syria, and Turkey. The present-day Armenian diaspora was formed mainly as a result of the Armenian genocide with the exceptions of Iran, former Soviet states, and parts of the Levant.

They speak Armenian which is an Indo-European language unique to its own branch in that language family. It has two mutually intelligible spoken and written forms: Eastern Armenian, today spoken mainly in Armenia, Artsakh, Iran, and the former Soviet republics; and Western Armenian, used in the historical Western Armenia and, after the Armenian genocide, primarily in the Armenian diasporan communities. The unique Armenian alphabet was invented in 405 AD by Mesrop Mashtots.

Most Armenians adhere to the Armenian Apostolic Church, a non-Chalcedonian Christian church, which is also the world's oldest national church. Christianity began to spread in Armenia soon after Jesus' death, due to the efforts of two of his apostles, St. Thaddeus and St. Bartholomew. In the early 4th century, the Kingdom of Armenia became the first state to adopt Christianity as a state religion, followed by the first pilgrimages to the Holy Land where a community established the Armenian Quarter of Old Jerusalem.

The territory of the ancient Kingdom of Urartu extended over the modern frontiers of Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and the Republic of Armenia. Its center was the Armenian highland between Lake Van, Lake Urmia, and Lake Sevan. During the seventh century, the Urartians collaborated with a combination of Scythians and Cimmerians in their jockeying for power, but by 590, having been weakened in the constant rivalry between Assyrians, Babylonians, Scythians, and Medes, Urartu was swallowed by the Medes. 
Armenians are the heirs of the Urartians. Redgate says that the Urartians are the "most easily identifiable" ancestors of the Armenians. Philip D. Curtin defined the Kingdom of Urartu as an Armenian kingdom.

The Iron Age kingdom of Urartu was replaced by the Orontid dynasty, which ruled Armenia first as satraps under Achaemenid Persian rule and later as independent kings. The Kingdom of Armenia was ruled by the Orontid (also known as Yervanduni or Eurandids) dynasty from 321 BC to 200 BC. The Orontids (Eurandids) were an Armenian dynasty of probably Iranian origin. Around 200 BC a coup by the Armenian noble family of Artaxias toppled the Orontid (Yervanduni) dynasty, thus the Artaxiad dynasty came to power. The Artaxiad dynasty was been identified as a branch of the Orontid (Eurandid) dynasty. The Seleucid Empire's influence over Armenia had weakened after it was defeated by the Romans in the Battle of Magnesia in 190 BC. A Hellenistic Armenian state was thus founded in the same year by Artaxias I alongside the Armenian kingdom of Sophene led by Zariadres. Artaxias seized Yervandashat, united the Armenian Highlands at the expense of neighboring tribes and founded the new royal capital of Artaxata near the Araxes River. The new city was laid on a strategic position at the juncture of trade routes that connected the Ancient Greek world with Bactria, India and the Black Sea which permitted the Armenians to prosper.

Under Tigranes the Great, a member of this dynasty, during his reign, Kingdom of Armenia stretched from the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean and the Kingdom of Armenia was called the "Armenian empire" during her reign. At one time, the domains of Tigranes the Great stretched from the shores of the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean, from Mesopotamia up to the Pontic Alps. The vast empire, formed of a varied mixture of diverse tribes, with their own dialects and cultures, could hardly be turned over- night into a cohesive and durable political structure. Inner disunity aided the designs of the Romans, who launched a series of onslaughts on the Armenian dynast, beginning with the invasion by Lucullus in 69-68 B.C, and culminating in the campaigns of Pompey in Armenia, Iberia and Colchis in 66-65 B.C. The downfall of Tigranes the Great was precipitated by the flight of his son, Tigranes the Younger, to the court of the Parthian king Phraates III, who supplied him with an army with which to invade Armenia, and join forces with the victorious Romans.

Approximately half a century after the collapse of the Artaxiad dynasty Armenia was under the rule of the Arshakunis, the Armenian branch of the Parthian Arsacids. Next, in 314, under King Tiridates (Trdat) the Great and through the apostolate of St. Gregory the Illuminator, Armenia, nearly simultaneously with the Roman empire, officially accepted Christianity, a turning point in its history. An event of importance in the Arshakuni period was the invention, on the threshold of the fifth century, of the Armenian alphabet by St. Mesrop. With this Armenian became the language of the educated; it was introduced into the liturgy; and national literature was born (under Hellenistic and Syrian influences). Armenia’s identity and individuality were thus saved and an absorption by either Byzantine or Iranian civilization was precluded. 

Later, the Armenian highland was divided between the Sassanids and their successors, the Arabs with the Eastern Rome. 
Prestige of Ashot I, governor of Armenia, rose as both Byzantine and Arab leaders courted him. The Abbasid Caliphate recognized Ashot as "prince of princes" in 862 and, later on, as king. Several contemporary prominent Armenians, including Grigor-Derenik Vaspurakan, insisted on Ashot's coronation. Ashot was crowned King of Armenia through the consent of Caliph al-Mu'tamid in 885 to prevent intrusion into Armenian territory by Basil I, a Byzantine emperor of Armenian origin. The establishment of the Bagratuni kingdom later led to the founding of several other Armenian principalities and kingdoms: Taron, Vaspurakan, Kars, Khachen and Syunik. During the reign of Ashot III (952/53–77), Ani became the kingdom's capital and grew into a thriving economic and cultural center. The first half of the 11th century saw the decline and eventual collapse of the kingdom. The Byzantine emperor Basil II (r. 976–1025) won a string of victories and annexed parts of southwestern Armenia. King Hovhannes-Smbat felt forced to cede his lands and in 1022 promised to "will" his kingdom to the Byzantines following his death. However, after Hovhannes-Smbat's death in 1041, his successor, Gagik II, refused to hand over Ani and continued resistance until 1045, when his kingdom, plagued with internal and external threats, was finally taken by Byzantine forces. It can be assumed that Armenia had a population of 5–6 million at that time in the (IX-XI centuries). 
The kingdom had its origins in the principality founded 1080 by the Rubenid dynasty, an alleged offshoot of the larger Bagratuni dynasty, which at various times had held the throne of Armenia. Their capital was originally at Tarsus, and later became Sis.

In 1198, with the crowning of Leo I, King of Armenia of the Rubenid dynasty, Cilician Armenia became a kingdom.

In 1226, the crown was passed to rival Hethumids through Leo's daughter Isabella's second husband, Hethum I. As the Mongols conquered vast regions of Central Asia and the Middle East, Hethum and succeeding Hethumid rulers sought to create an Armeno-Mongol alliance against common Muslim foes, most notably the Mamluks. In the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, the Crusader states and the Mongol Ilkhanate disintegrated, leaving the Armenian Kingdom without any regional allies. After relentless attacks by the Mamluks in Egypt in the fourteenth century, the Cilician Armenia of the Lusignan dynasty, mired in an internal religious conflict, finally fell in 1375.

Commercial and military interactions with Europeans brought new Western influences to the Cilician Armenian society. Many aspects of Western European life were adopted by the nobility including chivalry, fashions in clothing, and the use of French titles, names, and language. Moreover, the organization of the Cilician society shifted from its traditional system to become closer to Western feudalism. The European Crusaders themselves borrowed know-how, such as elements of Armenian castle-building and church architecture. Cilician Armenia thrived economically, with the port of Ayas serving as a center for East–West trade. 
Following the end of the Byzantine Empire in 1453, two Islamic empires—the Ottoman Empire and the Iranian Safavid Empire—contested Western Armenia, which was permanently separated from Eastern Armenia (held by the Safavids) by the 1639 Treaty of Zuhab.

Iranian and Russian Empires

Until the late fifteenth century, Armenians had constituted a majority in Eastern Armenia. At the close of the fifteenth century, with the rise of the Safavids, Islam had become the dominant faith, and Armenians became a minority in Eastern Armenia.

Some 80% of the population of Iranian Armenia were Muslims (Persians, Turkics, and Kurds) whereas Christian Armenians constituted a minority of about 20%, mainly because of the sixteenth-century wars with the Ottomans and the early seventeenth-century forced deportations of Armenians from the region by Shah Abbas I. As a result of the Treaty of Gulistan (1813) and the Treaty of Turkmenchay (1828), Iran was forced to cede Iranian Armenia (which also constituted the present-day Armenia), to the Russians.

After the Russian administration took hold of Iranian Armenia, the ethnic make-up shifted, and thus for the first time in three centuries, ethnic Armenians started to form a majority once again in one part of historic Armenia. The Russian offensive during the Caucasus Campaign of World War I, the subsequent occupation, and the creation of a provisional administrative government gave hope for ending Ottoman Turkish rule in Western Armenia. With the help of several battalions of Armenians recruited from the Russian Empire, the Russian army had made progress on the Caucasus Front, advancing as far as the city of Erzurum in 1916. The Russians continued to make considerable advances even after the toppling of Tsar Nicholas II in February 1917.

Ottoman Empire

From the mid-nineteenth century, Armenians faced large-scale land usurpation as a consequence of the sedentarization of Kurdish tribes and the arrival of Muslim refugees and immigrants (mainly Circassians) following the Russo-Circassian War. In 1876, when Sultan Abdul Hamid II came to power, the state began to confiscate Armenian-owned land in the eastern provinces and give it to Muslim immigrants as part of a systematic policy to reduce the Armenian population of these areas. This policy lasted until World War I. These conditions led to a substantial decline in the population of the Armenian highlands; 300,000 Armenians left the empire, and others moved to towns. Some Armenians joined revolutionary political parties, of which the most influential was the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF), founded in 1890. These parties primarily sought reform within the empire and found only limited support from Ottoman Armenians.
Abdul Hamid's despotism prompted the formation of an opposition movement, the Young Turks, which sought to overthrow him and restore the 1876 Constitution of the Ottoman Empire, which he had suspended in 1877. Although skeptical of a growing, exclusionary Turkish nationalism in the Young Turk movement, the ARF decided to ally with the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) in December 1907. In 1908, the CUP came to power in the Young Turk Revolution, which began with a string of CUP assassinations of leading officials in Macedonia. In early 1909 an unsuccessful countercoup was launched by conservatives and some liberals who opposed the CUP's increasingly repressive governance. When news of the countercoup reached Adana, armed Muslims attacked the Armenian quarter and Armenians returned fire. Ottoman soldiers did not protect Armenians and instead armed the rioters. Between 20,000 and 25,000 people, mostly Armenians, were killed in Adana and nearby towns. Unlike the 1890s massacres, the events were not organized by the central government but instigated by local officials, intellectuals, and Islamic clerics, including CUP supporters in Adana.

On the eve of World War I in 1914, around two million Armenians lived in Anatolia out of a total population of 15–17.5 million. According to the Armenian Patriarchate's estimates for 1913–1914, there were 2,925 Armenian towns and villages in the Ottoman Empire, of which 2,084 were in the Armenian highlands in the vilayets of Bitlis, Diyarbekir, Erzerum, Harput, and Van. Armenians were a minority in most places where they lived, alongside Turkish and Kurdish Muslim and Greek Orthodox Christian neighbors. According to the Patriarchate's figure, 215,131 Armenians lived in urban areas, especially Constantinople, Smyrna, and Eastern Thrace. Although most Ottoman Armenians were peasant farmers, they were overrepresented in commerce. As middleman minorities, despite the wealth of some Armenians, their overall political power was low, making them especially vulnerable. During World War I, the CUP—whose central goal was to preserve the Ottoman Empire—came to identify Armenian civilians as an existential threat. CUP leaders held Armenians—including women and children—collectively guilty for "betraying" the empire, a belief that was crucial to deciding on genocide in early 1915. Minister of War Enver Pasha took war of Sarikamish after losing, Enver publicly blamed his defeat on Armenians who he claimed had actively sided with the Russians, a theory that became a consensus among CUP leaders. Reports of local incidents such as weapons caches, severed telegraph lines, and occasional killings confirmed preexisting beliefs about Armenian treachery and fueled paranoia among CUP leaders that a coordinated Armenian conspiracy was plotting against the empire. In February 1915, the CUP leaders decided to disarm Armenians serving in the army and transfer them to labor battalions. Discounting contrary reports that most Armenians were loyal, the CUP leaders decided that the Armenians had to be eliminated to save the empire. 

The ethnic cleansing of Armenians during the final years of the Ottoman Empire is widely considered a genocide, there are different estimates for the number of Armenians who died from the genocide range from 800,000 to 1,500,000.

The First Republic of Armenia was established in 1918, but collapsed in 1920. In 1921, the Republic of Mountainous Armenia was established but collapsed in the same year. Afterwards Armenia came under the Soviet administration and became one of the Soviet Republics. In 1991, like other Soviet Republics, Armenia gained its independence.




Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore)

The Mass Rapid Transit system, commonly known as the MRT, is a rapid transit system that makes up the railways in Singapore, covering most of the city-state. 

Following two decades of planning, the system began operations in November 1987 with 5 stations spread over of track. The network has since grown quickly in accordance with Singapore's aim of developing a complex rail network as the core of the country's public transportation system, averaging a daily ridership of 3.384 million in 2019. The MRT is known as one of the best rapid transit system in the world.

It is a rapid transit system which links the different places of Singapore together using a network, or different connections of trains. When a person travels from one place to another, he or she boards a train in a train station and then the train moves until the train reaches the place he or she wants to come out, or alight from. Sometimes he or she has to change trains.

About 3.4 million passengers use the MRT everyday. The system is 231 km long and has 134 stations. Trains run from 5:30 am to 1:00 am every day except for the festive periods, such as Christmas Eve, New Year's Eve and Chinese New Year's Eve. A train comes every 2–3 minutes in peak hours, every 7 minutes during off-peak hours and 5–6 minutes for the weekend service. It is operated by Singapore's SMRT Corporation and SBS Transit.

There are currently 6 lines in the MRT system, where they are connected by special stops called interchanges. The lines are North South Line, East West Line, North East Line, Circle Line, Downtown Line and the Thomson-East Coast Line. 

On 16 December 2011, the MRT network suffered what is likely to be the worst breakdown in its 24-year operating history. 'A power rail problem' made North-South Line trains suddenly lose power and stopped in darkness and without air conditioning for up to an hour accompanied only by light from mobile phones.

The MRT system only had two lines, the North South and East West Lines, for more than ten years until the opening of the North East Line in 2003. While plans for these lines, as well as those being built, were made long before, the Land Transport Authority's (LTA) proposal named ""A World Class Land Transport System"" in 1996 showed that the government wanted to greatly expand on the existing system. The plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the main way of public transportation. It called for the expansion of the 67 kilometres of track in 1995 to over 360 in the year 2030. It was expected that daily ridership in 2030 would have grown to 6.0 million from the current 1.4 million passengers.

The 43-kilometre Thomson-East Coast Line was planned to be completed by 2025 and will consist of 32 stations. It was originally planned to be completed by 2024 but this plan was changed due to the Covid-19 pandemic. It will connect to the North South Line at Woodlands station, Orchard and Marina Bay, to the Circle Line at Thomson, Caldecott and Marina Bay, to the Downtown Line at Stevens and Sungei Bedok, and to the East West and North East lines at Outram Park. The first part, or stage, opened in 2019.

The Thomson-East Coast Line was a result of joining two separate lines, the Thomson Line and the Eastern Region Line, which was announced on 15 August 2014. The Thomson Line consisted of the part from Woodlands North to Marina Bay, while the Eastern Region Line consisted of the rest of the joined line.

A new extension to the line was announced on 25 May 2019. The new extension will connect the line to Singapore Changi Airport, allowing people arriving from the airport to go to the city without changing to another train. The tracks of the East West MRT line that currently go to the airport will also be used by this extension, which means that trains on the line will go all the way to Tanah Merah station, and there will be no more East West line trains using these tracks. This extension is expected to open by/before 2040.

To be opened by 2024, the 2-kilometre extension will run from Punggol through Punggol North including the new Punggol Downtown. The extension is for future residents in Punggol North to have access by train to the city centre as well as other parts of Singapore.

The Downtown Line was built in three stages, with the first opening in 2013, the second in 2015, and the third in 2017. An extension to the third stage, known as Stage 3e, will open in 2025, being 2.2 kilometres long and with two more stations. On 7 March 2015, Senior Minister of Stage for Transport Janil Puthucheary said that there will be a new station called Hume, to be built between the already open stations of Hillview and Beauty World. This station will open in 2025. When Hume opens, the line will be 42 kilometres long and have 37 stations.

On 25 May 2019, the Land Transport Authority announced another extension to the second stage of the line to a new station, Sungei Kadut MRT station. This extension will open in the mid-2030s.

To be opened by 2026, the 4-kilometre extension will run from Marina Bay through Keppel, ending at HarbourFront, making the Circle Line a full continuous circle.

First proposed as a LRT line when originally announced in 2001, the Jurong Region Line is now going to be a medium capacity line. The new plan will serve West Coast, Tengah and Choa Chu Kang and Jurong. The line will open in stages from 2026.

The 50-kilometre Cross Island Line will go across the island of Singapore, passing through Tuas, Jurong, Sin Ming, Ang Mo Kio, Hougang, Punggol, Pasir Ris and Changi. The addition of the new line brings commuters with another way for east–west travel to the current East West Line. It will also connect to all the other major lines to serve as a key transfer line, adding to the role currently fulfilled by the orbital Circle Line; the Cross Island Line will also become the first line to have interchange stations with all existing lines as of 2023. (Under construction lines included). The first stage will open by 2029, and other stages are expected to open by 2031.

On 25 May 2019, the LTA announced two new stations to be built on the North South line. Brickland station will be built between Bukit Gombak and Choa Chu Kang, while Sungei Kadut will be built between Yew Tee and Kranji. Both stations will open in the mid-2030s.

In the LTA's Land Transport Master Plan (LTMP) 2040, there will be studies to see if a new line can be built, between Woodlands, and Greater Southern Waterfront areas. If the line is built, it will be about 30 kilometres long, and will be completed as early as 2040. The line could serve around 400,000 houses, and lower the time needed for travel to the city by up to 40 minutes.

Every station has ticket machines, restrooms (toilets), a passenger service center, which controls what is happening in the train station and has wired radio with the train operator, payphones (public phones) and access for disabled. Some of them have automated teller machines, kiosks and a bus interchange nearby.

All stations in Singapore are either elevated or underground, with the exception of Bishan. Underground stations and trains are air-conditioned and have full-height platform screen doors. Elevated stations have half-height platform screen doors.

A total of 12 types of rolling stock are used on the MRT lines. Almost all of them are powered by 750 voltage current from a third rail, except those on the North East MRT Line, which uses 1500 voltage current from overhead wires.

For the North South and East West Lines, seven types of rolling stock are used. The oldest is the C151, built in 1986-89 by a collaboration between Kawasaki Heavy Industries and three sub-companies, Kinki Sharyo, Nippon Sharyo and Tokyu Car Corp. 66 trainsets are in operation, which were upgraded between 2006 and 2008. 19 more C651s were purchased in 1994 from Siemens AG, followed by 21 more C751B sets, built in 1999-2000 by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Nippon Sharyo. Two companies, Kawasaki Heavy Industries and CSR Sifang, have collaborated to build 3 types of rolling stock. The fourth rolling stock in operation is the C151A. They were built between 2010 and 2014, and started operations in 2011. The next rolling stock that started operations is the C151B, which began operations on 16 April 2017. The next rolling stock, being built between 2017 and 2018, is the C151C, and it began operations on 30 September 2018. The newest rolling stock, the R151, began operations on 4 June 2023 on the East West Line. With 106 trains ordered, it plans to replace the C151, C651 and the C715B.

On the North East Line, 25 six-car trainsets of the C751A were built from 1999 to 2002 by Alstom. A further 18 trainsets, the C751C, were built by Alstom and Shanghai Electric and entered operation on 1 October 2015. A new model, the C851E, entered service in 2023, with 6 trainsets.

For the fourth MRT line, the Circle Line, 40 three-car trainsets of C830s were built from 2005 to 2008 and began operations in 2009. Together with the C751Cs, the same companies made 24 C830C trainsets which began operations on 26 June 2015.

For the fifth MRT line, the Downtown Line, 73 three car C951s were built by Bombardier Transportation and began operations in 2013. An additional 15 trains and a final 4 trains were ordered, bringing the total number of C951s to 92 trainsets.

For the sixth MRT line, the Thomson-East Coast Line, 91 four-car trainsets of CT251 rolling stock are built and were delivered between 2018 and 2021, and it began operations in 2020.

Stations are divided into two areas, "paid" and "unpaid", which allow the rail operators to collect fares by controlling entry only through the fare gates, also known as "access control gates". These gates, connected to a computer system, are able to read and change electronic tickets that can store data, and can store information such as the initial and destination stations and the duration for each trip. General Ticketing Machines sell tickets for single trips or allow the customer to purchase more value for stored-value tickets. Standard tickets can be used up to 6 times within 30 days from the day of purchase. The machines also allow the customer to buy more credit for stored-value tickets. Such tickets require a minimum amount of stored credit.

As the fare system has been connected together by TransitLink, commuters need to pay only one fare and pass through two fare gates (once on entry, once on exit) for an entire journey, even when transferring between lines operated by different companies. Commuters can choose to extend a trip mid-journey, and pay the difference as they exit their destination station.

The ticketing system uses the EZ-Link and NETS FlashPay contactless smart cards based upon the System for e-Payments (SeP) system for public transit built on the Singapore Standard for Contactless ePurse Application (CEPAS) system. This system allows for up to 4 card issuers in the market. The EZ-Link card was introduced on 13 April 2002 as a replacement to the original TransitLink farecard while its competitor the NETS FlashPay card entered the smart card market on 9 October 2009. The adult EZ-link card is at S$15 while the NETS FlashPay card is at S$13.

Assurance has been given by both operators and authorities, that many actions have been taken in an effort to ensure the safety of passengers, with SBS Transit having to make greater efforts in actively publicising its safety considerations on the driverless North East Line before and after its opening. Safety campaign posters are highly visible in trains and stations, and the operators frequently play safety announcements to passengers and to commuters waiting for trains. Fire safety standards are about the same as the strict guidelines of the US National Fire Protection Association. Platform screen doors are installed at all underground stations, with half-height platform screen doors installed at all above-ground stations. These doors prevent suicides and disallowed access to restricted areas, as well as keeping normal temperatures in stations. Bylaws reduce uncivil, disruptive and dangerous acts, such as smoking, the consumption of food and drink, using safety features in an evil way, and unlawfully going onto the railway tracks. Penalties ranging from fines to jail are given for these offences.

Safety concerns were raised among the public after several accidents on the system during the 1980s and 1990s, but most problems have been fixed. On 5 August 1993, two trains collided at Clementi MRT Station because of an oil spillage on the track, which resulted in 132 injuries. There were calls for platform screen doors to be installed at above-ground stations after several incidents in which passengers were killed by oncoming trains when they fell onto the railway tracks at above-ground stations. The people in charge initially rejected such proposals as they felt that the functional purposes were not worth the high cost of installation, but changed their minds when the government announced plans to install half-height automatic platform gates in a speech on 25 January 2008, reasoning that worldwide installations of these gates reduced the market price for them.

Security concerns related to crime and terrorism were not the biggest priority of the system's planners at its original creation. However, after the Madrid train bombings in 2004 and the failed plan to bomb the Yishun MRT Station, the operators deployed private, unarmed guards to patrol station platforms and check the belongings of commuters.

Recorded announcements are frequently made to remind passengers to report suspicious activity and not to leave their belongings unattended. Digital closed-circuit cameras (CCTVs) have been upgraded with recording software at all stations and trains operated by SMRT Corporation. Trash bins and mail boxes have been removed from station platforms and concourse levels to station entrances, to remove the risk that bombs will be placed in them. Photography without prior allowance was also banned in all MRT stations since.

On 14 April 2005, the Singapore Police Force announced plans to improve rail security by creating a specialised Police MRT Unit, now known as Public Transport Security Command (Transcom). These armed officers began patrols on the MRT and LRT systems on 15 August 2005, conducting random patrols in pairs in and around rail stations and within trains. They are trained and allowed to use their firearms if they need to, including killing if necessary.



Hampshire College

Hampshire College is a private college in Amherst, Massachusetts. The current president of the college is Edward Wingenbach. The motto of the college is "Non Satis Scire", which is Latin for "to know is not enough".

It was created in 1965 by four other colleges as an experiment in higher education. The campus opened and the first class of students arrived in 1970. The Presidents of Amherst College, Smith College, Mount Holyoke College, and the University of Massachusetts got together in the 1950s and early 1960s and realized that there were things their own schools did not do very well. They also thought that the world was changing a lot and needed a college where students would have a lot of responsibility for their own education to be successful in the future.

Franklin Patterson and Charles Longsworth were chosen by these schools and wrote a book called "The Making of a College" that said how Hampshire was to be run and what kind of programs it would offer. Today, this book is considered an inspirational document by Hampshire students and faculty who try to live up to its ideals.

Hampshire College describes itself as an experimenting college because it is always changing and improving how it does things, rather than doing the same thing as other colleges. Students usually do individual projects in order to move towards graduation. There is some required coursework, but it is not the main point of the school. Students also do not receive grades for completing their work. Instead, they get something called a "narrative evaluation", which is a long written explanation of what they did right and what they did wrong. There are also no specific required classes for graduation, but students must take classes in different areas depending on where they are in their studies.

The program is divided into three "Divisions" rather than four years, and students complete each Division as they show that they are capable of harder work. Most students graduate in four years, but not everyone takes the same amount of time for each Division. 


The Hampshire College faculty are not organized in traditional departments but in loosely collected Schools. The Schools' names and subjects have changed over the years, but there have always been between three and five of them. Since 2005, the Schools are:





Heather McCartney

Heather McCartney (born Heather See on December 31, 1962 in Tucson, Arizona) is the daughter of Linda McCartney, and the adopted daughter of former Beatle Paul McCartney.

When Linda, a magazine photographer, visited England on an assignment, she brought along daughter Heather, who soon had babysitters like guitarist Eric Clapton. When Linda began a relationship with McCartney, Heather's presence was a plus, as McCartney loved children and was eager to start a family. 

Six-year-old Heather makes a brief appearance in the movie "Let it Be", visiting McCartney in the studio while the Beatles were at work. She dances around as they play, jumps out at Ringo Starr from behind a cymbal (Starr, a father himself, pretended to be scared), and sits on McCartney's lap, while he checks a microphone.

Heather gained a half-sister the next year, as mother Linda became pregnant with McCartney's baby, and the two were married. McCartney adopted Heather, who took his name, and Mary McCartney (named for Paul's own mother) was born early in 1970. Another sister, Stella, became the fashion designer Stella McCartney. A brother, James Louis McCartney, became a musician.

Jan Kerouac

Jan-Michelle Kerouac (born February 16, 1952 - died June 7, 1996) was the daughter of writer Jack Kerouac, by his second wife Joan Haverty. A writer herself, Jan's books included "Baby Driver" and "Trainsong". She also appeared in some documentary programs about her father, giving her side of his life story.

On June 5, 1996, Kerouac died in Albuquerque, New Mexico a day after her spleen was removed. She had suffered kidney failure five years earlier and was on dialysis. She is buried in Nashua, New Hampshire, next to her father's parents.


Survivor

A survivor is a person or animal which continues to live after something happens which might have killed them. They might be one person who lives when ten people die in a car crash.

Survivor could also mean:






Exclusive disjunction

Exclusive disjunction (also called exclusive or, XOR) is a logic operation on two values. It is often represented by the symbol formula_1 (or formula_2). It will be true, if exactly one of the two values is true. Otherwise, it will be false. This also means that the result of 'XOR' will be true precisely both the values are different. Same values will result in a false.

The best way to remember a XOR operation is: "One or the other, but not both".

Because of that, this is different from inclusive disjunction.

The truth table of formula_3 (also written as formula_4, formula_5, or formula_6) is as follows:


Forchheim

Forchheim (; East Franconian: "Forchham") is a German town in Upper Franconia. Next bigger cities are Nürnberg, Bamberg, Fürth, Erlangen and Coburg. There live is about 32.000 people.

Forchheim is high and has an area of .

<br>


César Cui

César Cui (18 January 1835, Vilnius – 26 March 1918, Petrograd) was a Russian composer. He is the least known of the five Russian composers who were nicknamed the "Moguchaya Kuchka" ("Mighty Handful"), a group which included Mily Balakirev, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Modest Mussorgsky and Alexander Borodin. Cui’s father came from France and his mother from Lithuania. 

Like most Russian composers in the 19th century he was an amateur composer. His main job was as an expert on military fortifications. He became a professor in this subject and wrote important textbooks about military defences. He became a general.

Cui liked his friends from the Moguchaya Kuchka, but was often very critical of music by other Russian composers such as Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff. This may have been because he was jealous of their success. He did not find orchestration easy. Balakirev helped him a lot with the orchestration of some of his compositions. He was best when writing songs and short piano pieces. He liked to write music that sounded Far Eastern in character. Cellists like to play a short piece he wrote called "Orientale".

Alexander Borodin

Alexander Porfir'yevich Borodin (born St. Petersburg October 12th 1833; died St. Petersburg February 27 1887) was a Russian composer. Like many Russian composers of the 19th century he was an amateur musician. His main job was Professor of Chemistry at the University of St Petersburg. He had to compose in his spare time. When he was ill he had more leisure to write music. He used to tell his friends: “Please do not say: ‘I hope you are well’, please say: ‘I hope you are ill’”. Borodin’s most famous opera is called "Prince Igor". He wrote many fine songs, chamber music and orchestral music, including two symphonies. The Nocturne from his String quartet no 2 is especially well-known.
In his music, Borodin showed Russian power and the heoric characters. His main means of expression was melody.
When he was young he learned French, Swedish and English, but later Italian.

Borodin died of a heart attack.

Permit

A permit is a written document that has been given by a government source. Permits let a person do something that he could not do without the permit. Permits are commonly gotten for these reasons:


Corrosion

Corrosion is the breakdown of materials due to chemical reactions. It is usually oxidation with air molecules and often in the presence of water. Corrosion also occurs when an acidic/basic corrosive substance touches another material. When a material corrodes, its physical properties change. Problems with corrosion are mostly with metal, though other materials can corrode. Corrosion is a form of erosion. Some materials, such as stainless steel, are highly resistant to corrosion. Metals that may corrode can be protected by plating, painting, and other means.

One form of high temperature corrosion can lead to the formation of compacted oxide layer glazes, which under certain circumstances reduces wear. 

Iron corrosion is called rusting.

Rust

Rust is a type of corrosion. It happens to iron and its alloys when it is exposed to air or water for a long time. Rust slowly decomposes iron into other chemicals, because of a reaction with the oxygen molecules. Both air and water are needed for rust. Almost all metals corrode but they can be protected by covering with paint, a coating of oil or grease or even plastic. Sacrificial protection or industrial galvanizing can also work. Alloys (mixes of metals) such as stainless steel, rust more slowly than pure iron. When iron rusts, it becomes red or brown, and the metal eventually decays.

Rust appears on metal if it is left outside in the damp air. For example, rust occurs mostly in cracks of alloys or metals. Rain water can enter the cracks and stay in the cracks, and cause the metal to corrode. Eventually it becomes rust. Iron is not strong after it rusts.

Some metals, such as aluminium, titanium, and stainless steel form a very thin coating of tough corrosion on the metal. The metal cannot continue corroding because the coating isolates the rest of the metal from the source of oxygen. This is why aluminium keeps its shine. It also makes aluminium seem very unreactive, even though it can react with water. Rusting iron makes iron oxides that are not tough, so air and water continue to get in and the iron continues to rust.

Some types of basidiomycete fungi can be mistaken for rust because they are similar to rust in color and texture and sometimes are on metals.


Jamestown, Virginia

Jamestown is a town in the United States. It was founded on May 13, 1607, by about 100 men and boys and women who came to Virginia from London, England. They named the town Jamestown after King James. These men hoped to find gold and silver in order to become rich. There was no gold or silver in the land because of its geography, which they did not understand at the time. However, they did find out that they could make lots of money from growing and selling tobacco crops, due to the marshy soil. Soon, they were making their fortune from tobacco instead of gold. Jamestown was the first permanent English settlement in what would become the United States. The town was built on Jamestown Island along the James River. This location was selected because the local Native American tribes did not live on the island. Built on a peninsula, it was a good place to defend themselves from other European colonists.

Before Jamestown, fourteen colonies had been attempted in North America by Spain, France and England. Out of these, only two Spanish colonies survived making Jamestown the third European colony that succeeded for any period of time. The first colony attempted by Spain was in 1526 at San Miguel de Gualdape. Very little was known of it, including that its location was somewhere on the coast of present-day Georgia or South Carolina. 

In 1562, Jean Ribaut established a colony of French Huguenots called Charlesfort on Parris Island, South Carolina. He left about 27 men there while he returned to France. Meanwhile, the men of the colony revolted against their commander. They built a boat and attempted to return to France.

The English attempted to establish Roanoke Colony in 1587. But this was a failure. James I of England issued a charter in 1606 to set up a settlement in North America. At the time the English called the entire coast (above Florida) Virginia after Elizabeth I of England, the "virgin queen". One of the purposes of the new colony were to find a river route to the Pacific Ocean to establish trade with the Orient.

Three ships, the "Susan Constant", the "Godspeed" and the "Discovery" set sail from London on December 20, 1606 bound for Virginia. there were 106 settlers (4 were boys) and 39 crew members. However, it is not known how many may have died during the Voyage. They arrived on April 26, 1607.

The first day, between 20 and 30 men explored the site but then they came under attack by Indians at dusk. The people of Jamestown found there were many problems to their colony. The water was bad for drinking. Many insects lived around the swampy land. The insects gave the people who lived there diseases. The leader, Captain John Smith, made the rules for the men. One of the rules was, "You don't work, you don´t eat." The settlers traded with the Powhatan people. They gave the Powhatans tools, pots, and knives, in return for corn and vegetables. 

Two thirds died before another ship arrived from England in 1608 with more food and more settlers. During the harsh winter of 1609, most of the settlers starved to death and the survivors resorted to cannibalism.



350s

The 350s was a decade that began on 1 January 350 and ended on 31 December 359.


980s

The 980s was a decade that began on 1 January 980 and ended on 31 December 989.


Suhl

Suhl is a town in Thuringia, Germany. Its population in 2003 was 43,610.

According to a local joke, "Suhl is so close to the edge of the world you can see Zella-Mehlis".

Eisenach

Eisenach is a German city in the west of Thuringia. Next bigger Cities are Erfurt and Kassel. Its population is about 43,000.

GameFAQs

GameFAQs is a website with help and information for video games. It was started in November 1995 by Jeff "CJayC" Veasey. It has an active message board community.


Thomas Mann

Paul Thomas Mann (born 6 June 1875 in Lübeck; died 12 August 1955 in Zürich) was a German author.

Mann was born in 1875 in Lübeck as son of a salesman and senator of the city of Lübeck, into a rich and conservative family. In 1891 his father died. In 1894 Mann left school. He went to Munich, were his mother and his brothers and sister had been since 1893. He worked as an insurance salesman and wrote poems and prose by the way.

In 1898 he published his first works and began Die Buddenbrooks influenced by work of Arthur Schopenhauer, published in 1901. In 1906 he married, although he was not clear about his sexual orientation. In the World War I, Mann agreed with the war, but not enthusiastically. In the time of the Weimar Republic he defended democratic ideas.

In 1929 he won the Nobel Prize for literature. In 1933 the Nazis burned books of his brother Heinrich Mann. Because of this both Thomas and Heinrich and their family moved to the United States in 1934. He lost his German citizenship, but got Czechoslovakian citizenship in the United States. In 1944 he became a US citizen.

He worked for the Allies in the radio during the World War II. In 1952 he had to give a talk to the Committee on Un-American Activities. He was very disappointed in the United States and returned to Europe, to Switzerland, in 1953. In the 1950s he visited Germany sometimes. He died of atherosclerosis in Zürich, Switzerland.






Werner Heisenberg

Werner Karl Heisenberg (5 December 1901 1 February 1976) was a German physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of quantum mechanics. He discovered the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, which shows there is a limit on how well position and velocity of a particle can be measured.

Heisenberg was born in Wuerzburg, Germany, the son of a professor of Byzantine history. He went to university to study physics in Munich. Arnold Sommerfeld was one of his teachers. 

Heisenberg was a very good student and needed only three years to finish his studies. He then wrote a doctoral thesis about movements in the flows of liquids ("Über Stabilität und Turbulenz von Flüssigkeitsströmen"—"On the stability and turbulence of liquid streams"). In 1924 he became assistant to Max Born at the University of Göttingen. In June 1925 he was recovering from hay fever on the island Helgoland, and while working alone made the decisive breakthrough to Quantum mechanics. Back in Göttingen, together with Max Born and Pascual Jordan, they wrote the basic paper which founded Quantum 

mechanics. 

In 1926/ 1927 Heisenberg worked with Niels Bohr at the University of Copenhagen. In February 1927, while Bohr was on extended skiing holidays, he invented the uncertainty principle and published the paper “Über den anschaulichen Inhalt der quantentheoretischen Kinematik und Mechanik”—“On the Visualizable Contents of the Quantum-theoretical Kinematics and Mechanics”.

At the age of 26 Heisenberg became professor of theoretical physics at the University of Leipzig.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize when he was 31 years old.

In 1937 he married Elisabeth Schumacher. They had seven children, one of their sons is well known as a neurobiologist and geneticist, .

During the Second World War, from 1939 to 1945 Werner Heisenberg was drafted to work on the German Uranium Project . This was aiming at a nuclear reactor, and did not result in any nuclear weapons, possibly because Heisenberg did not want it to. Some historians assume that there was a race between the tiny German Uranium project and the huge American Manhattan project. Hans A. Bethe, the director of the theory division of the Manhattan project at Los Alamos, said this was not true. Edward Teller, the father of the American hydrogen bomb, said that Heisenberg sabotaged the German project.

After the war, he was held as a prisoner at Farm Hall in England from May 1945 to January, 1946, where the British and Americans kept ten German nuclear scientists.

Later he worked in elementary particle physics, mainly in West Germany and he helped the foundation of the European Laboratory for Elementary Particle Physics CERN in Geneva, Switzerland. In April 1957, he signed a declaration , together with 17 German physicists, that they would never participate in the construction of nuclear weapons. In 1958, his Max-Planck-Institut für Physik was transferred from Göttingen to München.

He died in Munich Germany, in 1976 at the age of 74.

Islamophobia

Islamophobia is the dislike, fear, pre-judgment, hostility or hate against Muslims (people following the religion Islam) or the religion itself. 

Sometimes people use it to attack the ideological positions taken by Muslims, but more often than not they state the religion itself as the actual problem.

Muslim women are more likely to experience islamophobia in their lifetime compared to Muslim men, especially if they are wearing some kind of face veil.

During the Bosnian War in the 1990s, Serbian Orthodox Christians committed a genocide against Bosniak Muslims, with a strong motive of islamophobia.

In France, since 2013, it is illegal for Muslim women to wear veils (burqas and niqabs) that cover their faces publicly.


Ludwig Erhard

Ludwig Wilhelm Erhard (4 February 1897 in Fürth – 5 May 1977 in Bonn) was a German politician.

Erhard was born as the son of a salesman. After his middle school exam, he started training to become a salesman himself. He was wounded as soldier in World War I. After World War I, he started to study micro economy at a college in Nuremberg.

After that, he studied economy on the University of Frankfurt am Main. In 1925 he finished his doctoral thesis. Afterwards, he worked in his father's company. After the Great Depression, the company went bankrupt.
From 1928 to 1942, he worked as science assistant, but he could not get a promotion because he did not want to become a member of a Nazi organisation. From 1942 to 1945, he was the head of the institute for industrial research.

Until 1949, he worked for the CDU, but joined still in 1963.
From 1945 to 1946, he worked for the provisional government of Bavaria, afterwards he was an economic organisation official for the British-American administration in West Germany.

In 1949, he became Minister of Economics under Konrad Adenauer.
From 1957-1963, he was Vice Chancellor.
After Adenauer resigned in 1963, Erhard became the new chancellor.
In 1966, Kurt Georg Kiesinger succeeded him.

Erhard died in 1977, aged 80.

Kurt Georg Kiesinger

Kurt Georg Kiesinger (6 April 1904 in Ebingen, now Baden-Württemberg – 9 March 1988 in Tübingen-Bebenhausen) was a German politician.

Kiesinger was born in Southern Germany. He studied history and philosophy in Tübingen and later law in Berlin.

He joined the Nazi party in 1933, and worked in the government. After the war he was held in a prison camp in Ludwigshafen. He was released when notes on his personnel file showed that he had not helped the anti-Jewish actions in his department, and had tried to stop them.

In 1946, he started a political career in the CDU. From 1958 to 1966, he was Minister President of Baden-Württemberg, from 1967 to 1971 Chair of the CDU.

From 1966 to 1969, he was chancellor of West Germany.

Call of Duty 3

Call of Duty 3 is a first person shooter video game. It is available on many gaming systems such as the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PC. It is a sequel to "Call of Duty 2", and is part of the Call of Duty series.

"Call of Duty 3" is set in France, during the time of World War II. The player is part of the allied forces placing charges, firing mortars, driving jeeps, and killing Nazis. The player moves by using the movement of his own hands. The game also features online play, which allows you to choose the side of allies or axis and play on a team against opposing players.

While the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 versions support online headset, the PlayStation 3 does not support headset due to the game being rushed to be ported at the time and is ironic because the PS2 was released before the PlayStation 3. The Wii version does not support online play.


Brian Johnson

Brian Johnson (born 5 October 1947 in Dunston, Gateshead, England) is an English singer and songwriter. He is best known as the singer for Australian hard rock band AC/DC.

Johnson's father, Allan, was in the British Army's light infantry. His mother, Esther, came from Italy. Johnson has two children from his first marriage. That marriage ended in divorce just before he joined AC/DC in 1980.

Johnson was in the Newcastle glam-rock band Geordie in 1972. The band split up in 1978 but Johnson put it back together in 1980. Just after a record contract had been signed, Johnson was asked to audition for AC/DC.

Johnson joined AC/DC in 1980, after the death of the band's former lead singer Bon Scott. He was the band's first choice. A fan in Cleveland, Ohio had sent a Geordie album to AC/DC after Bon Scott's death. The fan had asked them to consider Johnson. Years earlier, Bon Scott had also praised Johnson's singing and performance style.

Johnson co-wrote all of AC/DC's songs with the Young brothers for ten years.


Centipede

A centipede is a type of myriapod with many legs. Centipedes are predators. They hunt during the night; they are nocturnal. Some centipedes are venomous, but none can kill a person unless they are allergic. Centipedes are in the class Chilopoda, and related to millipedes, which are not poisonous. As the millipedes, they are segmented. They have between 5 and 173 segments, but only one pair of legs per segment. There may be 8,000 species in the world.

The house centipede is a carnivore that feeds on cockroaches, house flies and other domestic pests. It is therefore beneficial. But because it has a scary appearance it is often exterminated.

Pomerania

Pomerania ("Pommern" in German, "Pomorze" in Polish) is a region on the Baltic Sea. It is now part of two countries, Germany and Poland.

20,000 years ago the territory of present-day Pomerania was covered with ice, which did not start to recede until the late period of the Old Stone Age or Paleolithic some 10,000 years BC, when the Scandinavian glacier receded to the north. Various archaeological cultures developed in the Mesolithic, Neolithic, Bronze Age, and Iron Age.

Since around 500BC and before 500 AD Pomerania was dominated by East Germanic tribes including several tribes of Goths, who according to archeological evidence and their own tradition have come from Scandinavia. Goths and Rugians are recorded by Roman historians in the areas of Pomerania in 98 AD. The Veneti, non-Germanic tribe, which later assimilated with Slavs, are recorded by Ptolemy and Pliny the Elder around Vistula in first century AD. By the 7th century Slavic tribes (Wends) such as the Pomeranians settled the area.

Pomerania was first conquered by the Polish duke Mieszko I in the second half of the 10th century. Pagan uprisings in 1005 and 1038 resulted in independence for Western Pomerania and Pomerelia, respectively. Regained by Poland in 1116/1121, the Polish could not hold the Pomeranian duchy longer than 1135, whereas Pomerelia after the 1138 partition of Poland among the sons of Boleslaus Wrymouth became a part of the Polish seniorat, which was declared fief of the Holy Roman Empire in 1156. 

The Western part, the Duchy of Pomerania, was declared part of the Holy Roman Empire (1181). After a brief period of Danish rule (1168/1186-1227), it remained part of Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation until 1806. 

1000 years of history of the areas between Elbe, the Oder and Vistula

900s

The 900s was a decade that began on 1 January 900 and ended on 31 December 909.


Bronllys

Bronllys is a village in the Powys region of Wales. A Norman castle was built there in the 11th century.


Natural language processing

Natural Language Processing (NLP) is a field in Artificial Intelligence, and is also related to linguistics. On a high level, the goal of NLP is to program computers to automatically understand human languages, and also to automatically write/speak in human languages. We say "Natural Language" to mean human language, and to indicate that we are not talking about computer (programming) languages.

Würzburg

Würzburg (; Main-Franconian: ) is a city in the German state of Bavaria. About 124,000 people live there. There is a university there.

Würzburg is the seat of a Roman Catholic bishop.

In about 1000 BC there was a Celtic settlement in that place. In 698 AD Würzburg became Christianised. The first mention was in 704 AD. In 742 Würzburg became the seat of a bishop. From 1168 the bishops of Würzburg had the title Herzog (Duke), given by the emperor.

In 1402 Würzburg got a university. It later closed and then reopened in 1582. In 1631 Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden conquered Würzburg in the 30-year war. In 1803 the Duchy of Würzburg became part of Bavaria, in 1938 the city had more than 100,000 inhabitants for the first time. In 1945 the city was nearly completely destroyed.

Its football team is Würzburger Kickers.

<br>

Rear Window

Rear Window is a 1954 American mystery thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The movie is based on the story, "It Had To Be Murder", by Cornell Woolrich. John Michael Hayes wrote the script The film stars James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr. It was nominated for four Academy Awards. Critics consider it one of Alfred Hitchcock's best movies and one of the greatest movies of all time. 

The movie tells the story of a photographer L. B. "Jeff" Jefferies (played by James Stewart) who has a broken leg. He spends his days sitting in his Greenwich Village apartment watching his neighbors through their open windows. There is a ballet dancer Miss Torso, a pianist and songwriter, a couple with a dog who digs the flowers up, a newly married couple, 'Miss Lonelyhearts', and a jewelry seller Lars Thorwald with his bed-ridden wife. Lisa Fremont (played by Grace Kelly) is Jeff's girlfriend and visits several times. A nurse Stella (played by Thelma Ritter) also takes care of Jeff. 

One night Jeff hears and sees some unusual things. Jeff hears a woman scream, "Don't!" and glass breaking. He sees Thorwald leave the house several times at night with a suitcase. The next day Thorwald's wife is gone, and Jeff sees him cleaning a knife and saw. There is a large trunk. Jeff thinks there has been a murder. He tells Lisa and Stella. Jeff calls Tom Doyle to investigate. Doyle finds nothing. Witnesses say Thorwald's wife had left. Jeff sees Thorwald take out his wife's jewelry and her wedding ring. Lisa says that women would not leave their jewelry at home like that. The two agree that Thorwald's wife did not leave the apartment. 

The dog dies and the owner shouts at everyone. Everyone listens except Thorwald. Jeff thinks Thorwald killed the dog and that he buried something in the ground. Jeff calls Thorwald to get him out of the house. He does this so Lisa and Stella can search the ground. The two find nothing. Lisa surprisingly enters Thorwald's apartment. Jeff and Stella see Miss Lonelyhearts try to kill herself, but the piano music stops her. Distracted, Jeff and Stella do not notice Thorwald coming back. Thorwald goes to Lisa and starts grabbing her. Jeff calls the police and says there is an assault. The police arrive and arrest Lisa for breaking in. She shows her finger to Jeff that she has the wedding ring of Thorwald's wife. Thorwald sees Lisa's hand signal and sees Jeff. 

Jeff calls detective Doyle. Thorwald calls Jeff and enters Jeff's apartment. Jeff uses flashbulbs to slow down Thorwald by blinding him. Thorwald throws Jeff off the window. Jeff calls for help, and the police come. Jeff falls, but officers catch him. Doyle, Lisa and Stella rush to Jeff's side. Thorwald confesses murdering his wife. A few days later Jeff has casts on both legs. The neighbors of Greenwich Village are happy again. There is a new puppy. Miss Torso's love is back from war. Miss Lonelyhearts is seeing the pianist. The Thorwald's apartment is being painted and redone. Lisa is with Jeff. She reads "Beyond the High Himalayas" and then reads a fashion magazine. 


Uncredited


Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance in the apartment of the pianist. 

A major theme in "Rear Window" is voyeurism. This is when someone intimately watches someone else. In the film, Jeff is spying on his neighbors. This act is morally questionable, and the audience participates in it. The camera follows Jeff's eyes. It switches back to facing Jeff. The camera allows the viewers to join Jeff in his actions. The audience should feel guilty. Stella criticizes Jeff's actions. She says that people should stop looking out and look at themselves. Lisa says Jeff's actions are like a disease. She is upset that Jeff only watches the neighbors. Jeff himself questions if it is alright to spy on a man with binoculars. Lisa and Stella question Jeff's actions at first, but they join him later. The idea of spying can relate to surveillance in the state. During the time, people feared that the government would watch them the whole time. This fear was due to McCarthyism. In the film, a helicopter comes close above the village. It is like the helicopter is spying on the village. There is almost no difference between private and public in the film. 

Another theme is loneliness and isolation. All the residents are separated from each other. They are like prisoners in their own apartments. Jeff cannot leave the apartment with his injury. The entire film is also limited to the space of the courtyard. The character Miss Lonelyhearts can represent the isolation of the neighbors. Jeff is detached from the neighbors as he watches them, and they do not know he is watching them. Jeff is like a photographer, taking mental pictures of his neighbors. The dog owner says that none of the people know the meaning of a neighbor and that they do not care. 

Gender roles are important in the film. It is after World War II and women were changing roles in society. In the film, male characters are no longer heroes. Hitchcock switches the roles of men and women. For instance, Thorwald murders his wife. Jeff is injured, his camera is destroyed, and he cannot walk. Detective Doyle cannot find evidence. Meanwhile, Lisa and Stella are the only ones who can investigate. Gender roles connect to marriage. Jeff talks about marriage on the phone. He analyzes Lisa a lot and is not ready to marry her. At one point, Jeff and Lisa argue. Jeff thinks that Lisa could not stand Jeff's lifestyle as a photographer. Stella says that people in the past just fell in love and that now they study each other like samples in a bottle. This type of marriage connects to the other themes of loneliness and surveillance. The couples are not just loving each other, but objectively studying each other. They are distant from each other and must constantly watch each other. Jeff, for example, watches Lisa. Marriage appears in other places. There is a newly married couple. Lisa gets the wedding ring of Thorwald's wife. The wedding ring is symbolic for marriage and is a form of situational irony. Lisa wants to marry Jeff, but she ends up with the wedding ring of Thorwald's wife.   

The screenplay of "Rear Window" is based on the short story "It Had To Be Murder." Cornell Woolrich wrote the story in 1942. The main story about a man in a wheelchair watching neighbors and thinking there is a murder is the same. Hitchcock added characters such as Lisa and Stella. There was no romantic relationship in the story. In the film, there are also more neighbors. 

Two real murders inspired the film. The first is the "case of Dr. Crippen." Dr. Crippen buried his wife in his basement in 1910. He made the mistake of letting his secretary wear his wife's jewelry. In the second case, Patrick Mahon murdered Emily Kaye in 1924. He did this by cutting her up and throwing her parts out of a train window. The man later burned her head in a fireplace. 

The entire movie was shot at Paramount Studios. There was a complete set of Greenwich Village. It was one of the largest sets at Paramount. The set had a special drainage system and lighting for different parts of the day. There were 31 apartments on the set and 12 had full furniture. 

Edith Head was the costume designer for the movie. Costumes and clothing are important in the film for characterization. Grace Kelly is into fashion and has many different outfits. The different clothes relate to changes in the roles of the characters. For instance, when Lisa and Stella help Jeff to investigate they we are wearing simple day dresses. 

Frank Waxman composed the score including the Piano song "Lisa". The film has mainly diegetic sounds. These are sounds that the characters in the film hear.

Natural sounds were used that would get louder or softer with distance. There are several songs including "To See You Is to Love You" by Bing Crosby, songs by Nat King Cole ("Mona Lisa", 1950) and Dean Martin ("That's Amore", 1952), Richard Rodgers' song "Lover" (1932), and ""M'appari tutt'amor"" from Friedrich von Flotow's opera "Martha" (1844), and part of Leonard Bernstein's music for the ballet "Fancy Free" (1944).

The film was a box office success. It was one of the highest grossing films of 1954. The film had a budget of $1 million and made over $37 million. 

The movie had very positive reviews. Critics praised the film as an intense, suspenseful, and exciting thriller. They considered the film to be a masterpiece of suspense that drew in viewers. Some noted that the film says a lot about human nature and the desire to intimately watch other people. The technical and artistic skills were also praised. The film has a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes. On Metacritic, the film has a rare 10/10 with "universal acclaim." The film was ranked number 5 on the Top 10 films of the Year on Cahiers du Cinéma. 

The film was nominated for four Academy Awards Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Cinematography - Color and Best Sound - Recording. The movie won Best Actress from the National Board of Review. The New York Film Critics Circle awarded Grace Kelly the NYFCC Award for Best Actress. The film won Best Motion Picture at the Edgar Allen Poe Awards. The film also got nominations from the Writers Guild of America and Directors Guild of America. 

"Rear Window" was chosen to be part of the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1997. In the British Film Institute's Sight & Sound, the movie was ranked the 53rd greatest film. In "Time Out" magazine the film ranked 21st and 26th greatest film of all time in 1998 and 2022. The film made several American Film Institute lists. They include number 42 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies, number 14 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills, number 48 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and number three in AFI's 10 Top 10 (Mysteries). 

"Rear Window" was restored in the late 1990s. Technicolor used a new dye process to improve the image. The movie influenced later films. Several films are based on "Rear Window". They include "Body Double" (1984), "Silver" (1993) and "Time Out" (1998). In 1998, there was a TV show remake of "Rear Window". "Disturbia" (2007) is a modern version of "Rear Window" about a serial killer. "Rear Window" has appeared in other TV shows such as "The Simpsons", "That '70s Show"", Get Smart"", The Flintstones"", Psych"", The White Collar"", The Family Guy"", Raising Hope", "Castle", "The Detectives" and others. 


Conscientious objector

A conscientious objector (CO) is a person who decides not to be a combatant in military forces under conscription.

There are many reasons for this decision such as nonviolent or religious beliefs, ethical and moral beliefs to not kill human beings or pacifism.

Countries treat COs in various ways. They have also been treated differently throughout history. COs have been arrested or had to pay a fine. Some countries punished them by killing them. After World War II, many Western countries created alternative non-military services (civil service) as alternative form for pacifists. Often there were commissions to decide if someone really did not want to do armed service because of his beliefs or because of fear of war.

European Court of Human Rights has judged the denial of COs is violation of freedom of religion and thought in 2013, as well European Union recognized the right of conscientious objector as one of fundamental rights.



Anus language

The Anus language is a tribal language spoken in the Irian Jaya province of Indonesia. It is an Austronesian language.

As of 2005, there are almost 70 speakers of the language all of whom are members of a tribal group living on an island in the Sarmi-Jayapura Bay in West Papua.

Rule of law

Rule of law is a that suggests that no one is above the law and governmental decisions must be made only by applying known legal and moral principles. The Rule of Law limits the powers of Government by judicial defense of laws and the Constitution which is based on recognized basic legal values, established in international law. The Rule of Law is meant to prevent dictatorship and to protect the rights of the people.

The rule of law is especially important as an influence on the economic development in developing and transitional countries. Constitutional economics is the study of government spending, which, in many transitional and developing countries, is completely controlled by the executive. The standards of constitutional economics can be used during annual budget process. The availability of an effective court system, to be used by the civil society in courts in situations of unfair governmental distribution of national money is a key element for the success of the rule-of-law in developing countries.

To date, the term “rule of law” has been used primarily in the English-speaking countries. The originally German doctrine of Rechtsstaat is similar, and has been translated into other languages of continental Europe as "État de droit" (Fr.), "Estado de derecho" (Sp.), "Stato di diritto" (It.), and "Правовое государство" (Ru.). Rechsstaat can be translated into English as “legal state” or "constitutional state". 

Rule of law is also a main purpose of Council of Europe for solidarity and international peace.



Electorate

The Electorate are the people or citizens of a state who elect representatives to represent them in a democracy. They're also known as voters. Voters are people who normally votes in an election and they vote for their favorite person that if he/she wins, he/she will lead the people to a more favourable country Voting

Paramount Pictures

Paramount Pictures is an American film production and distribution company. It is the oldest movie studio in the United States. It has been in existence since 1912. Paramount is owned by media conglomerate Paramount Global. Paramount is one of the Big Five movie studios.

Paramount Pictures Inc. can trace its beginnings to the creation in May, 1912 of the Famous Players Film Company. Organized in 1914 by a Utah theater owner, W. W. Hodkinson, Paramount Pictures was the first successful nationwide distributor. Until this time, movies were sold on a statewide or regional basis. This was inefficient and costly to producers.

In 1916, Adolph Zukor created a three-way merger of his Famous Players Film Company, Jesse L. Lasky's Lasky Feature Play Company, and Paramount. The new company was called Famous Players-Lasky and grew quickly. Lasky ran the production side. Hiram Abrams was in charge of distribution and Zukor handled the business side of the company.

In 1927, Famous Players-Lasky took on the name Paramount-Famous Lasky Corporation. Three years later, because of the importance of the Publix theater chain, it was later known as Paramount-Publix Corporation. The company went into bankruptcy in 1933. When the company emerged from bankruptcy, it was known as Paramount Pictures, Inc.

Paramount Pictures had been an early supporter of television. It created stations in 1939 in Los Angeles (later to become KTLA) and Chicago's WBKB.

Paramount's successful run of lightweight pictures in the 1980s and 1990s created hits like "Flashdance", the "Friday the 13th" series; "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Beverly Hills Cop" and the "Star Trek" features.

In 1993, entertainment conglomerate Viacom bought Paramount.

Paramount is the last major movie studio located in Hollywood. Other studios such as Warner Bros. and Columbia Pictures moved to other neighborhoods in Los Angeles.

On December 11, 2005, Paramount said it had purchased DreamWorks SKG in a deal worth $1.6 billion. On February 1, 2006, the studio announced that the DreamWorks acquisition was completed.

In March 2010, Paramount started Insurge Pictures, a low-budget label. In 2019, Paramount bought 49 percent of Miramax Films.




Chord

A chord in music is when two or more notes are played together (some text books say that it is when "three" or more notes are played).

A chord which is built up of the 1st, 3rd and 5th notes of a scale is called a "tonic triad". If it is made from a major scale, it is a major chord. If it is made from a minor scale it is a minor chord. However, any combination of notes played simultaneously is considered a chord.

When only two notes are played together, it’s more often called “double stops” (referring to the different banks of pipes on a pipe organ, controlled by valves called “stops”).

Chords can be played on instruments such as piano, keyboard, organ, harp, guitar, harmonica, ukulele and xylophone. Chords with two notes can be played on string instruments by bowing on two strings together. By bowing on two strings and then quickly on the other two strings a violinist can sound as if he is playing a four-part chord. Some players of wind instruments are able to make chords by playing two or more harmonics together.


Irish dance

Irish dancing is an "ancient" art of dancing from Ireland. There are two main forms of dancing, the social dances where everyone can join in, and the dances performed for an audience. There are five main types of steps in Irish dancing. These are reels, jigs, slip jigs, hornpipes, and treble jigs. Irish dancing is a fun art and sport. There are two versions of dances; hardshoe and softshoe.

Irish dancing, popularized in 1994 by the world famous show Riverdance, is notable for its rapid leg and foot movements, arms stationary at the dancers' sides.

The hardshoe makes a noise when you step and softshoe is like Ballet.

Grill (cooking)

A grill is an object used for cooking food. With a grill, food is usually roasted. Some grills use charcoal or wood, and other grills use propane gas to cook the food. 

Using wood or charcoal makes smoke and changes the flavor of the food. Using gas does not. Some people only like one type, and some people like both kinds of grilling.

The heat may be added underneath the food, or above, or both. A barbecue is a typical machine for outdoor cooking using coke or other fuel for providing heat from underneath. Overhead grilling is more usual indoors, especially in professional kitchens.

In the United States, there are cook-off grills, which are competitions. The most common meats used are steak, burgers and hot dogs. Grilling food is very common for holidays or celebrations like the 4th of July (United States Independence Day). Most people use a grill more outdoors in the summer time.

Grills can have fire touching the food. This might cause a burnt taste and could possibly be a carcinogen.


Order of operations

The order of operations is a mathematical and algebraic set of rules. It is used to evaluate (solve) and simplify expressions and equations. The order of operations is the order that different mathematical operations are done. The standard mathematical operations are addition (+), subtraction (−), multiplication (* or ×), division (/), brackets (grouping symbols used to indicate order of operations like (), [] and {}) and exponentiation (^n or , also called orders or indices).

Mathematicians have agreed on a correct order to use operations, and it is very important that they know these rules. When people are solving a problem with more than one operation, they will need to know the correct order to solve the problem correctly. Otherwise, the answer will be wrong.

Follow all the rules in this order from left to right in the equation.

Use operations inside brackets and solve any indices. You should always solve brackets first when solving an equation.

Example:

When seeing an exponent, solve it first after solving the brackets. (5 = 5 * 5 * 5 = 125)

Solve any multiplication and division in the problem. Note that multiplication does not precede division; this is a common mistake. Both are solved from left to right as they occur.

Example:

Lastly, solve any addition or subtraction.

The acronyms for the order of standard operations are GEMDAS or PEMDAS, which means Grouping/Parenthesis, Exponent, Multiply & Divide and Add & Subtract.

When solving 8 - 7 + 5, some people say that 7 + 5 must take precedence, but this is incorrect. Instead, one should look from left to right to find the correct answer. This rule also applies to multiplication and division.


Crystal

A crystal is a solid whose atoms (or molecules) are arranged in a repeating pattern. 

Crystals are made from fluids by Crystallization, which is a kind of phase change. Usually the fluid is a liquid, but crystals can form from a gas too. For example, snow is water crystals (ice) formed from air that contains water vapor (evaporated water). Crystallization can be by freezing from a simple fluid or from a solution. Sometimes heat and pressure needs to be applied to a substance for crystals to form. Diamond is a carbon crystal formed under heat and pressure. Crystals are found naturally or can be made artificially.

The surface of crystals often have regions that are flat, called facets. Facets occur naturally as crystals form, because flat layers of atoms are usually the most stable. The atoms in a facet are arranged in a regular pattern, such as the pattern of a chess board or a honeycomb. These facets reflect light to give crystals their shiny or sparky appearance. Artificial facets can be made in any shape by cutting or grinding a crystal, which is how some gemstones for jewelry are made. 

Different substances form different types of crystals, and some can form more than one type. The study of the arrangement of atoms in crystals is crystallography. Well-known substances that form crystals are table salt (whose crystals are cubes), diamond, and quartz. 


Indirect democracy

Indirect democracy, or representative democracy, in when citizens elect representatives to make laws for them. This is what most modern countries have today.

In a democracy the ultimate power to decide significant electoral system reforms lies with the people. The key question that democrats will tend to ask of any proposed change in electoral law or the voting mechanism is: “Will it actually increase the capacity of the electorate to get rid of unsatisfactory rulers and replace them with others?” Democrats regard that basic capacity as the best protection against bad government and the abuse of power.

Systems of government which do not permit electors to change the government are not democratic, and usually are dictatorships or one-party states.

The people have the ultimate power in a democracy to decide on substantial voting system improvements. The primary question that democrats will ask of every proposed change in election legislation or voting mechanism is, "Will it genuinely strengthen the electorate's power to replace unhappy rulers with others?" Democrats believe that fundamental capability is the strongest safeguard against bad governance and abuse of power. 

Government systems that do not allow electors to alter the government are not democratic and are generally dictatorships or one-party nations.


Direct democracy

Direct democracy, which is also called pure democracy, is a democracy in which the decisions are not taken by representatives. All decisions are voted on by the people.
When a budget or law needs to be passed, then the idea goes to the people. Governments of modern countries rarely make laws this way.

Interest groups would have to change the minds of all people, not just a few representatives. Taxes could not be raised without the permission of the people. The few would not rule the many and the government would not pay representatives salaries. In indirect, or representative democracy, citizens elect representatives to make laws on their behalf. This is what most modern countries have today. 
Direct democracy makes decisions by majority rule. Representative democracy was made with the idea that representatives would be responsible for the majority's interests while protecting minority rights. People like James Madison believed that direct democracy was bad for minority groups.

Classical Athens was a direct democracy. All citizens voted on major decisions of government. But, to be a citizen, you had to be a free, land-owning, native-born man.

Switzerland has aspects of direct democracy. "Evidence suggests that attendance at assemblies... has always been limited to roughly twenty per cent of the citizenry". The practice is only used in two cantons, Appenzell Innerrhoden and Glarus. 

The Federal government of the United States does not use direct democracy but the individual states sometimes make laws by referendum. Some New England towns govern themselves by a town meeting.


Revolution

A revolution is a very sharp change made to something. The word comes from Latin and is related to the word "revolutio" (which means turnaround). 

Revolutions are usually political in their nature. Some people feel unhappy with their lives, and others are not happy with whole systems. They might join together, share their ideas, and make something change. Often, revolutions include fighting and civil unrest, but there are also revolutions that happen without fighting.

The Soviet Union was started by the Russian Revolution, which killed millions, and the country later fell apart in another revolution without much fighting. However, in the French Revolution (1789), there was much bloodshed, which included the Reign of Terror.

Other events often called "revolutions" include:

The opposing idea in politics is called gradualism.


Western Digital

Western Digital is an American technology company. It is based in the U.S. state of California. The company make hard drives. Hard drives are used by computers to store data.

Speech

Speech is when spoken language is used to communicate. Only humans have language. Animals do not have speech, but some (birds are a good example) can communicate with each other by using sounds and gestures.

Speech is made by sounds vibrating the vocal folds. Sounds through the voice box is shaped by the jaw, tongue, teeth, palate, lips, and nose.

To make speech a person has to be able to:

Difficulties can happen at any stage of this four-stage process. A speech and language therapist can help work out the stage of the sequence that has difficulties and give therapy.

Effective speech includes the following elements – fluency, flexibility, accuracy, and comprehensibility.





Stage

A stage can mean one of the following:

Stage (theatre)

The stage in a theatre is the area where the actors perform. In classical theatres, this used to be separated from where the audience is sitting.


Darth Vader

<noinclude>

Darth Vader is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise. The character is the central antagonist of the original trilogy and, as Anakin Skywalker, is one of the main protagonists in the prequel trilogy. Star Wars creator George Lucas has collectively referred to the first six episodic films of the franchise as "the tragedy of Darth Vader". Darth Vader has become one of the most iconic villains in popular culture, and has been listed among the greatest villains and fictional characters ever. His masked face and helmet, in particular, is considered one of the most iconic character designs of all time.

Born as Anakin Skywalker, a slave on the desert planet Tatooine who became a Jedi. As an adult, he secretly marries Padmé Amidala. However, he is converted by Darth Sidious in order to save his wife from her coming death during childbirth. In order to do that, he learns the ways of the Dark Side of the Force and gives himself a new identity, Darth Vader. By doing this, he turned against his long-time friend and master Obi-Wan Kenobi. He battled Kenobi on the volcanic planet of Mustafar, but not before choking his wife with his Force Choke due to rage and misunderstanding. The battle ended in Kenobi's victory. Consequently, Vader's left arm and both his legs were cut off and his entire body was burnt. He survived and was rescued by the newly elected Emperor of the Galactic Empire, Darth Sidious, and have his body remade with cybernetic parts and his famous black armor and helmet. Anakin lost the last of his spirit once he learned that his wife died at his own hand. Thus Anakin Skywalker's transformation as Darth Vader was complete, much to Sidious' delight.

During the course of the Galactic Civil War between the Rebel Alliance and the Galactic Empire, Vader played an important role as the Empire's enforcer and the Emperor's second-in-command, particularly the building of the two Death Stars, the Battle of Yavin, and the Battle of Endor. It was during that period he learnt that he had a first sidekick son named Luke Skywalker, and later a second sidekick daughter named Leia Organa during his final duel with his son. 

Darth Vader died in "Return of the Jedi" during the Battle of Endor. His breathing system had been damaged by the Emperor's Force Lightning in an effort to save his son by throwing him at a power reactor. Thus, he redeemed himself and brought back balance to the Force and ended the civil war. His body and armor were cremated by Luke in Endor. However, his grandson Kylo Ren somehow receives Vader's burnt helmet in later time.

Darth Vader is one of Star Wars' most iconic characters and regarded as the world's most well-known fictional hero. Highly ranked in popularity poll, Darth Vader is the image of good, hatred who kills every one and thing he hates, rage and darkness but also a representation of redemption. He is well known by his black armor, cape, helmet, and particularly his raspy breath due to breathing problems received during a battle with his old master Obi-Wan Kenobi and deep, low-pitched voice from the mask, which often used in different medias as a reference to him.


Gesture

A gesture is a form of nonverbal communication. Unlike verbal communication, which uses words, gestures use movements of the body. 

Gestures are "deliberate acts with a purpose", not just any movements. They are handled in the human brain by the same centres which handle language. In the neocortex, Broca's and Wernicke's areas, are used by speech and sign language.

Other movements of the body have meaning, but are not gestures. They may be done by actors deliberately, but normally they are automatic, unconscious signals which express various feelings or states of mind. Many animals communicate extensively using such behaviours. The dog, a companion to humans for a long time, is good at reading both gestures and behaviours. Multi-touch computers have been made to read gestures. 

Gestures have a cultural significance (meaning). The same gesture can mean different things in different cultures and different parts of the world.


These are not gestures, because they are not voluntary, deliberate actions. They are inherited automatic reactions or reflexes.
Humans can modify these reactions to some extent with training and practice, but they are fundamentally caused by hormones and brain centres which are very ancient.


Palpatine

Sheev Palpatine, also known as Darth Sidious or simply the Emperor, is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the "Star Wars" franchise. The character is played by actor Ian McDiarmid. 

He is the immensely powerful Dark Lord of the Sith as well as the master of Darth Vader, along with both Darth Maul and Count Dooku on previous occasions, who ruled over the Galactic Empire - which he formed from the Galactic Republic - in addition to secretly leading the Separatist Alliance, which he used to give himself autocratic powers as Supreme Chancellor of the Republic. He is also the archenemy of the Skywalker family, Yoda, Mon Mothma, and his granddaughter Rey.

Palpatine had plotted to overthrow the Jedi by orchestrating and manipulating the events of the Clone Wars to bring himself to rule the whole galaxy; thus posing as the Chancellor throughout these events. This worked successfully when Palpatine initiated Order 66 to wipe out the Jedi, who beforehand were suspicious of him even after Dooku's death when they were unaware that Palpatine was actually Darth Sidious. However, Palpatine's reign was ended when he was killed by Vader with the help of Luke Skywalker.

Years later, Palpatine resurfaced upon being resurrected. It soon transpired that he was revealed to not only be the secret benefactor and founding cause of the First Order's existence, being the creator and puppeteer of Supreme Leader Snoke to the point of manipulating him as well as all the events behind the organization all along, but also the paternal grandfather of Rey; so much so that he even seduced Vader's grandson Ben Solo to the dark side from the shadows, especially through Snoke at the time.

Since the initial theatrical run of "Return of the Jedi", Sidious has become a widely recognized symbol of evil in popular culture, and since the prequel movies, also one of sinister deception and the subversion of democracy. The "Star Wars" Databank describes him as "the supreme ruler of the most powerful tyrannical regime the galaxy had ever witnessed". Aside from the movies, Palpatine appears in various canon and non-canon "Star Wars" media, including "Clone Wars" (2003–5), "The Clone Wars" (2008–14, 2020), "Rebels" (2014–18), "" (2021–), "Obi-Wan Kenobi" (2022) and "Tales of the Jedi" (2022–), all set before the original trilogy.

Luke Skywalker

Luke Skywalker is a character from the "Star Wars" universe. He is the main hero of the "Star Wars" movies and book series. Luke was in three "Star Wars" movies, "", "" and "". He was also in most of the books that took place after these movies. Luke Skywalker was played by actor Mark Hamill in all three movies. The character was also shown briefly at his birth in "".

Luke Skywalker was the main character during the original three movies. These movies follow his life from being a farmer on the planet Tatooine to becoming an important part of the Rebel Alliance and a Jedi Knight.

In "" (2017), Skywalker dies in Ahch-To as Luke's body vanishes, having made peace with his legacy.

The adult Luke Skywalker is first seen in this movie. He was raised on the planet Tatooine. Tatooine is a desert planet. He lives with his uncle, Owen and his aunt, Beru. After he bought two droids, named C-3PO and R2-D2, stormtroopers sent by the Empire start to look for them. R2-D2 runs away one night. In the next morning, Luke and C-3PO look for him. Luke is attacked by Tusken Raiders, but is rescued by Obi-Wan Kenobi. R2-D2 plays a message from Princess Leia asking for help from Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan then says that Luke must come with him to Alderaan to learn about the Force. Luke learns that his father, Anakin Skywalker, was a Jedi. Luke also gets his father's old lightsaber. Luke says that he can not go with him and returns home. When he does, he sees that his home was destroyed (broken down). he is a bit fruity. He goes back to Obi-Wan and agrees to go with him and learn about the Force. Luke, Obi-Wan and the droids go to Mos Eisley to find a pilot to take them to Alderaan. They get Han Solo and Chewbacca to take them to Alderaan. When they get there, they see that the planet is gone and there is a small moon close to where it was. This small moon is the Death Star. On board the Death Star, Luke, Han, and Chewbacca save Princess Leia. As they are about to leave they see Obi-Wan fighting Darth Vader. Obi-Wan gives his life so that the group can escape. Luke and the others go to Yavin 4 so that the secret plans to the Death Star in R2-D2 can be used to destroy the Death Star. Luke then pilots an X-wing to fight against the big space station. Luke uses the Force and fires the missile that destroys the Death Star.

Luke Skywalker has joined the Rebel Alliance and is on the ice planet of Hoth. While outside the base, Luke is attacked by a wampa. After escaping the wampa, Luke is weak and hurt. He sees the image of Obi-Wan Kenobi. He tells him to go to the planet Dagobah to be taught by the Jedi master Yoda. Luke is saved by Han Solo. Shortly after, the Empire attacks the Rebel base on Hoth. The Rebels leave the base. Luke takes R2-D2 in his X-wing and the two travel to Dagobah. They make a crash landing on the swamp planet and go looking for Yoda. Luke soon finds Yoda, but Yoda does not think Luke should be a Jedi. Luke convinces Yoda, and the old master starts to teach Luke. Luke faces difficult things to do. Before he completes his training he has a vision of the future. In it his friends were being tortured. Although Yoda, and the Force Ghost of Obi-Wan warn him not to leave, Luke goes to Cloud City. When he gets there he sees that it was a trap set by Darth Vader. The two then get into a lightsaber battle. Darth Vader cuts off Luke's hand and then tells Luke that he is actually his father, Anakin Skywalker. Darth Vader gives Luke the choice to join him but Luke says no and jumps off the platform. He is rescued by Leia and taken to a medical spaceship, where his hand is replaced.

In "Return of the Jedi", Luke alongside Leia, Chewbacca, R2-D2, C-3PO and Lando Calrissian attempt to rescue Han Solo from Jabba The Hutt but fail and end up captured and condemned to the Sarlacc Pit. However, Luke, using R2-D2's help, devises a plan and is able to escape the Pit and save his friends, killing Boba Fett and Jabba The Hutt in the process.

After this, Luke returns to Dagobah to conclude his training with Yoda, but learns he's dying. In his dying breath, Yoda confirms that Darth Vader/Anakin is Luke's father and tells the young hero he must confront Vader once more to complete his Jedi training.
Luke then encounters the Force Ghost of Obi-Wan Kenobi, who also confirms Luke's origins and states he told the truth, from a certain point of view. Obi-Wan assures Luke he must kill Vader but Luke refuses, believing he can still save his father.
After this, Luke learns that Leia is also his sister.
Luke, Han and Leia go to the moon of Endor to stop the Empire once and for all in their newly constructed Death Star II.
Luke handles himself over to Vader, attempting to save his father, who claims Anakin Skywalker is dead and that the Emperor will soon be Luke's new master.

Upon reaching the Emperor's Throne Room, Luke learns his rebel friends are going into a trap and tries to kill the Emperor but is stopped by Vader.
Father and son duel once more, with Luke using the Dark Side to overpower Vader. Realizing he's becoming the thing he swore to destroy, Luke denies his father's wishes of continuing the fight, but angrily lashes out at his father when the latter threatens to turn Leia to the Dark Side.
Luke brutally overpowers and defeats his father, but stops attacking after being goaded by the Emperor. Luke stands down, triumphantly claiming to be a Jedi like his father before him. Annoyed, the Emperor tries to kill Luke with his Force Lightning, but is killed himself by Anakin who has redeemed himself.

Luke carries his father's fatally wounded body to one of the shuttles as the Death Star II is about to be destroyed by the Rebel Alliance. Luke removes Vader helmet and father and son share one last moment before Anakin succumbs to his wounds. Unwillingly to let his father's body to rot in the explosion, Luke takes it with him.
While the rebels celebrate their victory on Endor, Luke cremates his father's body.
Joining his friends in the celebration, Luke sees the Force Ghosts of Obi-Wan, Anakin and Yoda watching him in pride.

Witchcraft

Witchcraft is the use of magical powers. This might be for healing, seeing into the future, causing harm, or for religion. A person practicing witchcraft is called a witch, although a man practicing witchcraft is often mistakenly called a wizard (a word from Northern Europe), a warlock (a word from 14th century England), a sorcerer, or shaman (a term for people who practice magic in parts of Asia). Such people are said to have a knowledge of the chemical (or pharmaceutical) effects of certain herbs or shrubs. Witches can use this knowledge to help people who are sick or to hurt them.

Witchcraft is different throughout the world and can be seen as good or bad depending on where you are. Today, many people practice a peaceful kind of witchcraft, called Wicca. However, there are still many other people who are scared of witchcraft and think that it is bad. Throughout history, there have been stories about good and bad witches. 

In European history, witches were accused of physically making and performing spells to harm people. They could also harm people by using their mind. However, this belief was not real and was often used to explain why bad things happened sometimes. 

In Africa, witches don't use physical tools or actions to curse. They can cause harm by just thinking about it. In fact, one may be unaware of being a witch, or may have been convinced of their witch nature by the suggestion of others. This understanding was described by anthropologist E.E. Evans-Pritchard, who studied African magical beliefs.

Éva Pócs (a scholar and folklorist) states that there are four reasons a person is accused of witchcraft:


She identifies three kinds of witches in popular belief:


"Neighbourhood witches" are the product of neighbourhood arguments, and are found only in rural village communities where the inhabitants largely rely on each other. Such accusations follow the breaking of some social norm, such as the failure to return a borrowed item, and any person part of the normal exchange could potentially be accused. Claims of "sorcerer" witches and "supernatural" witches could arise out of social tensions, but not exclusively; the supernatural witch in particular often had nothing to do with community conflict, but expressed tensions between the human and supernatural worlds; and in Eastern and Southeastern Europe such supernatural witches became an ideology explaining calamities that befell entire communities.

It is believed that witches can perform magic by using plants, casting spells, or using their mind. The use of plants is often called herbalism and this involves collecting or growing herbs to use in potions or medicines to help or hurt people, animals, or things.

In popular artwork, witches can be seen using big metal cooking bowls called cauldrons to mix their spell ingredients. Witches also use wands, brooms, sticks, candles, swords, and fire to perform spells.

In some cultures, witches can harm people just by using their mind and thinking bad thoughts about a person. In these cultures, witches do not need any items and can potentially be anyone in the community.

In Southern African traditions, there are three classifications of somebody who uses magic.


Of these three categories the "tagati" is almost exclusively female, the "sangoma" is usually female, and the "inyanga" is almost exclusively male. Much of what witchcraft represents in Africa has been misunderstood and mistaken for European witchcraft. African scholar Uchenna Okeja argues that witchcraft in Africa today plays a very different social role than in Europe of the past—or present—and should be understood through an African, rather than Western view.

When the first Europeans came to the New World, they brought with them the Christian religion and their fear of supernatural witches. Native Americans had their own religion and beliefs. Since the Christian European settlers were living with these Native Americans and also African slaves (who had their own non-Christian religions and beliefs), this scared them. The Europeans were already scared, far away from their home in the New World with different plants and animals. This fear lead to violent crimes such as accusing and murdering people who they thought were witches and were hurting them with supernatural powers.

The most famous witch accusations were the 1692-1693 Salem Witch trials. During these trials, 150 people were accused of being witches, and 19 people were killed by hanging. Every Halloween season, Salem, Massachusetts hosts a Halloween festival in which they highlight their towns notorious history with the 1692 Salem Witch trials. This festival often involves live music, parties, and vendors selling witch-themed items.

Throughout the world there are many people who claim to have supernatural powers such as; psychics, mediums, palm readers and New Age healers. These people are sometimes members of witchcraft religions like Wicca. These people perform tricks to entertain and heal people such as tarot card reading, astrology, crystal healing, Reiki healing, talking to dead family members, or seeing the future.

The belief in witchcraft and its practice seem to have been widespread in the Ancient Near East and Nile Valley. It played a clear role in the cultures of ancient Egypt and in Babylonia. Later tradition included an Akkadian anti-witchcraft ritual, the Maqlû. A section from the Code of Hammurabi (about 2000 B.C.) prescribes:If a man has put a spell upon another man and it is not justified, he upon whom the spell is laid shall go to the holy river; into the holy river shall he plunge. If the holy river overcome him and he is drowned, the man who put the spell upon him shall take possession of his house. If the holy river declares him innocent and he remains unharmed the man who laid the spell shall be put to death. He that plunged into the river shall take possession of the house of him who laid the spell upon him.

There are many examples of witches in Greek mythology, such as Circe, who was a sorcerer in Homers’ Odyssey. Circe used potions to put spells on visitors to her house, and she could turn people into pigs.

Druids were members of the high-ranking professional class in ancient Celtic cultures. They were religious leaders, legal authorities, adjudicators, lorekeepers, medical professionals, and political advisors

The earliest record of the druids comes from two Greek texts from circa 300 BCE: one, a history of philosophy written by Sotion of Alexandria, and the other a study of magic widely attributed to Aristotle. Both texts are now lost, but were quoted in the 2nd century CE work "Vitae" by Diogenes Laërtius.Some say that the study of philosophy originated with the barbarians. In that among the Persians there existed the Magi, and among the Babylonians or Assyrians the Chaldaei, among the Indians the Gymnosophistae, and among the Celts and Gauls men who were called druids and semnothei, as Aristotle relates in his book on magic, and Sotion in the twenty-third book of his Succession of Philosophers.

- Diogenes Laërtius,  Vitae, Introduction, Section 1Later Greek and Roman texts from the third century BCE refer to "barbarian philosophers", possibly in reference to the Gaulish druids.

In Medieval times, witchcraft gradually became an enemy of Christianity. Christians thought that witchcraft was the work of the devil, and the Bible was used as evidence against witchcraft. Verses such as Deuteronomy 18:11–12 and Exodus 22:18 ("Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live") were very influential.

In Europe in the Late Medieval/Early Modern period, Catholics, Protestants, and state leaders became very afraid of the power of witches. There were large witch-hunts in many places. People believed that the devil was using witches to try to overthrow Christianity, so tens or hundreds of thousands of people were killed, and others were put in prison, tortured, and had lands and possessions taken away from them. Most of these witches were women, because people believed women were more likely to be witches.

Witch-trials looked for evidence to prove that a person was a witch. Evidence included such things as signs of plant medicine, or images of non-Christian gods. One way to physically test if a person was a witch was to 'swim a witch'. This meant they would throw them in a river with their hands tied. If they sank, they were innocent. If they floated, they were guilty of witchcraft and were hanged. This violent practice was not based on any actual evidence. Instead, it allowed the witch-hunter to look right and powerful for the scared people who were watching.

In South America, people continue to practice a form of witchcraft which started before the arrival of European Christianity. Throughout the Andes, there are many places called witch markets, such as the Mercado de las Brujas in La Paz, Bolivia. These markets sell items such as plant medicines

Witches are often seen in art and cinema. Many movies have focused on witches and witchcraft such as; "Bewitched", "Harry Potter", "the Wizard of Oz", "Hocus Pocus", and "Rosemary's Baby". Many television shows also have witches and witchcraft. Some examples are: "Charmed" (1998) and (), "American Horror Story: Coven", and "Sabrina the Teenage Witch".

Heteronym

A heteronym is a word, or rather several words, with different meanings. However, the words are spelt the same way. Usually they are pronounced differently.

Potassium permanganate

Potassium permanganate is an inorganic chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KMnO. It contains potassium and permanganate ions. The manganese is in the +7 oxidation state. It is also known as permanganate of potash and Condy's crystals. Potassium permanganate is a strong oxidizing agent, which means it has a tendency to take electrons from other chemicals. It dissolves in water to give purple solutions. If it is evaporated, it makes purple-black shiny crystals. It has a sweet taste and is odorless.

In 1659, a German chemist, Johann Rudolf Glauber, melted a mixture of the mineral pyrolusite and potassium carbonate to obtain a material that made a green solution (potassium manganate) when dissolved in water. It slowly changed colour to violet (potassium permanganate) and then finally red. This report is the first description of the production of potassium permanganate.

Just under 200 years later a Londoner named Henry Bollmann Condy was a chemist. He had an interest in disinfectants and made some things like "ozonised water". He found that when he melted pyrolusite with sodium hydroxide and dissolved it in water, it made a solution that had good disinfectant properties. He patented this solution, and sold it as "Condy's Fluid". The problem was that the solution was not very stable. This was fixed by using potassium hydroxide rather than sodium hydroxide. This gave a more stable material. It also was able to be dried to the just as good potassium permanganate powder. This powder was called "Condy’s crystals" or "Condy’s powder". Potassium permanganate was easy to make so Condy tried to stop other people from making it and selling it themselves.

Early photographers used it in flash powder.

Potassium permanganate is used as an oxidizing agent. It also is used in disinfectants and in deodorizers. It can be used to make many different kinds of chemicals. In waste water treatment, it is used to get rid of hydrogen sulfide, a stinky toxic gas. In analytical chemistry, an accurate concentration of KMnO is sometimes used to see how much of a certain reducing agent is in the titration. In a related way, it is used as a reagent for wood pulp. Mixing potassium permanganate and formaldehyde makes a mild tear gas.

Dilute solutions of KMnO convert alkenes into diols (glycols). This behaviour is also used as a qualitative test for the presence of double or triple bonds in a molecule, since the reaction makes the permanganate solution colorless. It is sometimes referred to as Baeyer's reagent.

Concentrated solutions oxidize a methyl group on an aromatic ring, e.g. toluene to benzoic acid.

KMnO oxidizes pseudoephedrine hydrochloride to produce methcathinone, a Schedule I drug in the United States. Consequently, the DEA has restricted its use and sale by classifying it as a List I controlled precursor. Potassium permanganate is listed as a Table I precursor under the United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances.

Concentrated sulfuric acid reacts with potassium permanganate to give manganese(VII) oxide, which can be explosive. . This reaction also makes ozone. The ozone can ignite paper soaked in alcohol. This reaction is very dangerous.

Concentrated HCl makes chlorine.

The Mn-containing products from redox reactions depend on the pH. Acidic solutions of permanganate are reduced to the faintly pink Mn ion, as in manganese(II) chloride. In neutral solution, permanganate is reduced to brown manganese(IV) oxide, where Mn is in a +4 oxidation state. Manganese(IV) oxide is the stuff that stains skin when potassium permanganate is put on it. Potassium permanganate spontaneously reduces in an basic solution to green-coloured potassium manganate, where manganese is in the +6 oxidation state.



Solid potassium permanganate is a strong oxidizer and in general it should be kept separated from reducing agents. Some reactions need a bit of water. For example, powdered potassium permanganate and powdered sugar will ignite (but not explode) a few seconds after a drop of water is added. Dilute solutions of KMnO are not dangerous. KMnO forms dangerous products when mixed with concentrated acids.

Potassium permanganate stains skin and clothing and should be handled with care. Clothing stains may be washed away using acetic acid. Skin stains disappear within 48 hours.


840s

The 840s started on 1 January 840 and ended on 31 December 849.


880s

The 880s decade began on 1 January 880 and ended on 31 December 889.



Silkworm

The silkworm is the larva (the active immature form of an insect) or caterpillar of the Bombyx mori moth. Silk has been made for at least 5000 years in China. The moth is important because it makes silk. It is entirely dependent on humans, and it no longer lives in the wild. Silkworms eat mulberry leaves, and are native to northern China.

The domesticated "B. mori" and the wild "Bombyx mandarina" can still breed and sometimes produce hybrids.

The female silkworm lays about 300 eggs at a time. She lays eggs on the leaves of mulberry trees. The eggs are covered with gelatinous secretion by which they stick to the leaves. The female moth (silkworm) lays eggs and dies after laying eggs as she does not eat anything. The eggs are kept in a cool place so that they can be stored for a long time. In a favorable condition, they hatch into larvae. Larvae are produced in about 2 weeks from eggs at a temperature of 18 to 25 degree Celsius.

The cocoon is made of one thread of raw silk from 300 to 900 meters (1000 to 3000 feet) long. The fibers are very thin. About 2,000 to 5,000 cocoons are needed to make a pound of silk.

If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon, it will make a hole in the cocoon when it exits as a moth. This would cut the threads and ruin the silk. Instead, silkworm cocoons are thrown into boiling water, which kills the silkworms and also makes the cocoons easier to unravel. Often, the silkworm itself is eaten.

The adult silkworms (moths) cannot fly. The silkworm-moths have wings about 2 inches wide and a white hairy body. Females and males are similarly colored. Adult silkworms have small mouths and do not eat.

In China, there is a legend that the discovery of the silkworm's silk was first invented by the wife of the Yellow Emperor, Leizu around the year 2696 BC. According to the book written in the 13th century, she was drinking tea under a tree when a cocoon fell into her tea. She picked it out and as it started to wrap around her finger, she slowly felt something warm. When the milk ran out, she saw a small cocoon. In an instant, she realized that this cocoon was the source of the silk. She taught this to the people and it became common. There are many more legends about the silkworm.

Khotan is an oasis, located on the southern edge of Taklamakan Desert, and was one of the first places outside of inland China to begin cultivating silk. In the far past, the Chinese guarded their knowledge of silk. It is said that a Chinese princess smuggled eggs to Khotan, hidden in her hair. After this, the way to cultivate silk was transmitted to the Western Asia, and also Europe. 

The Japanese also love silk and started cultivating and weaving silk in the earlier age than the western countries. According to the "Records of the Three Kingdoms", a history book published in the 3rd century, Japan exported silk to "Wei", a kingdom in the northern part of the China mainland, in the 2nd century. It takes 5000 silkworms to make a single kimono.

In Korea, silkworm pupae are boiled and seasoned, then eaten as a popular snack food known as "beondegi".

In China, street vendors sell roasted silkworm pupae. The pupae are a delicacy in the Northern Area of China. They are baked with Satay sauces and rice to add extra flavor. 

In Japan, silkworm pupae are usually used as bait to catch fish, and sometimes served as "tsukudani". It can be made by dipping and boiling Silkworm Pupae in a sweet-sour sauce with soy sauce and sugar.

Sources:



Death Valley

Death Valley is a National Park U.S. state of California. It is the hottest, driest, and lowest place in North America. It is a desert southeast of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. Death Valley is a part of the Mojave Desert. It is the most important part of Death Valley National Park. It is an endorheic basin, which means that the rivers in it do not flow to the sea.

Death Valley has many famous and unusual geographical features. Some of these features include sand dunes, salt flats, colorful rocks, and tall mountains. Large parts of Death Valley are below sea level. One feature, named Badwater Basin, is the lowest place in North America. It is below sea level. The salt flats are another famous feature in Death Valley. Salt flats are very unusual. They are large, flattened areas where the surface of the ground is covered by salt instead of dirt. The salt that makes up a salt flat can be many inches or centimeters deep. The salt flats were created because thousands of years ago, Death Valley was underwater. Death Valley was covered by a lake that was named Lake Manly by geologists (scientists who study the Earth). Lake Manly used to be very large, but changes in the weather caused the rivers that brought water into the lake to dry up. After a long time, the water in Lake Manly began to dry up too. As the water dried, it left behind all the minerals that the rivers had brought to it along with their water. As these minerals dried, they created a crust (a brittle outer layer) of salt and other minerals on top of the dirt. Many lakes and seas in other parts of the world dried up in the same way.

All across Death Valley, rocks and stones leave small paths behind them in curved, zigzagged (with twists and turns), or straight patterns. The rocks are not alive, of course, but they still travel across the lake bed.

Dr. Robert Sharp, a geology professor, decided to find out about these rocks. He put tags on 30 stones of different sizes and shapes, hammered spikes into the ground where the rocks were sitting, and then he studied what happened for the next seven years. Twenty eight of the stones did indeed move, sometimes more than . Dr. Sharp matched the movements with the weather and found that the rocks moved because of wind and rain. Even though Death Valley gets less than two inches of rain a year, the raindrops make the smooth clay in the dry lake bed very smooth and slippery. The wind then blows the rocks across the slippery surface, sometimes as fast as every second.

With a mean average yearly temperature of 78 °F (25.5 °C) Death Valley has a desert climate. Death Valley is known for its extremely hot summers often recording the highest temperature yearly on Earth. Death Valley averages 147 days at or above 100 °F (37.8 °C) during the day and 23 days at or above 120 °F (49 °C) Summers nights are hot with minimum temperatures often reaching 85 °F (29.5 °C) to 95 °F (35 °C). Winters in Death Valley is generally cool to warm with high temperatures between 60 °F (15.5 °C) to 75 °F (24 °C). On July 10, 1913, it was 134 °F (57 °C), which is the hottest recorded temperature in the world. Snow is a very rare occurrence in the winter. 

The changes in the weather that made the rivers dry up have not gone away. Death Valley is still very dry. There are less than of rain in Death Valley every year. Because Death Valley is so dry all the time, even the dirt that is not covered in salt has become very hard. This means that even though it does not rain often, when it does rain, the dirt cannot absorb all the water quickly enough, and the water can turn into a flash flood (a flood that happens very fast and very violently). In August 2004 there was a very bad flood. The flood damaged many buildings and cars, and killed several people. The flood also destroyed many roads, so nobody could go in or out of Death Valley. Death Valley National Park had to be closed for a long time while the park rangers fixed everything.

Death Valley was named in 1849. Miners and settlers tried to travel across the valley during the California Gold Rush. Many people died because it was so hot and dry. It has very little water because the water evaporates, or disappears in the clouds, before it can touch the ground. Of the few people who lived in Death Valley, most were miners, especially of borax.

Death Valley National Park is a national park in the U.S. states of California and Nevada. It includes Death Valley. The park was designated as a national monument in 1933 and a national park in 1994. It contains in California and Nevada. Death Valley National Park is the largest wilderness area in the United States.

The park is east of the Sierra Nevada, between the arid Great Basin and Mojave deserts. It has a diverse desert environment of salt-flats, sand dunes, badlands, valleys, canyons, and mountains. 

This is the largest national park in the lower 48 states and is an International Biosphere Reserve. About 95% of the park is a wilderness area. It is the hottest and driest of the national parks in the United States. The second-lowest point in the Western Hemisphere is in Badwater Basin, which is below sea level. The park is home to many species of plants and animals that have adapted to this harsh desert environment. Some examples include creosote bush, bighorn sheep, coyote, and the Death Valley pupfish, a survivor of much wetter times.

Mulberry

Mulberry ("Morus") is a genus of 10–16 species of trees. They are native to warm regions of Asia, Africa, and the Americas, with most of the species native to Asia.

Mulberries are fast-growing when young but soon become slow-growing and rarely grow over 10-15 meters tall. The leaves are simple, often lobed, and ridged. The fruit grows in bunches, 2-3 centimeters long, is red to dark purple in color, edible, and sweet with a good flavor in several species.

The fruit is used in pies, tarts, and wines. The fruit of the black mulberry, native to southwest Asia, and the red mulberry, native to eastern North America, have the strongest flavor. The fruit of the white mulberry, an east Asian species, has a very weak flavor.

Mulberries can be grown from seeds, which is the best idea as seedling-grown trees are generally healthier. However, they are often planted from large pieces cut from other mulberry trees, which easily take root.

Mulberry leaves, particularly those of the white mulberry, "Morus alba", are important as the food of the silkworm, the cocoon of which is used to make silk. "Morus alba" is also notable for the rapid release of its pollen, which is launched at over half the speed of sound. "This is the fastest motion yet observed in biology, and approaches the theoretical physical limits for movements in plants".

Procaine

Procaine is a analgesic drug. It is used primarily to reduce the pain of getting certain shots, and is also used by dentists. The drug is usually sold under the name Novocaine, or Novacaine.

Procaine was first made in 1905, and was the first man-made pain-killer that could be taken as a shot. It was created by the German scientist Alfred Einhorn (1857-1917) who gave the chemical the name Novacaine, from the Latin word "novus" (which means new) and caine, as in "cocaine."

Procaine is not often used today because other safer and better working pain-killing drugs now exist. Prior to the discovery of procaine, cocaine was the most commonly used pain-killer. Procaine (like cocaine) has the advantage of reducing bleeding, unlike other pain-killers and without the dangerous qualities of cocaine.

Leizu

Leizu was a legendary Chinese queen. According to tradition, she discovered silk and invented the silk loom in the 28th century BC.

Leizu discovered silkworms while on a walk near the king's mulberry trees. However, there are different stories of exactly how she discovered that silkworms make silk.

One story says that she used her finger to touch a worm, causing a strand of silk to come out. As the silk continued to come out, she wrapped it around her finger. When the silk ran out, she saw a small cocoon, and realized that this cocoon was the source of the silk. 

Another story says that she found silkworms eating the mulberry leaves and spinning cocoons. She collected some cocoons, and then sat down to have some tea. While she was sipping a cup of tea, she dropped a cocoon into the steaming water. A fine thread started to separate itself from the cocoon. Leizu found that she could unwind this soft and lovely thread around her finger.

She asked her husband to give her a grove of mulberry trees, where she could keep the worms that made these cocoons. She is credited with inventing the silk reel, which joins thin silk threads into a thicker thread strong enough for weaving. She is also credited with inventing the first silk loom. It is not known how much, if any, of this story is true, but historians do know that silk was first made in China. Leizu shared what she found out with others and the knowledge became common.

Reforesting

Reforesting is the process of replacing plants in an area where they have been cut down or destroyed. It usually refers to trees, but could include other types of plant life. 

Reforestation is often needed after deforestation, when trees are cut down to make lumber.

Reforestation also regains back the homes of animals.


Moth

Moths are insects of the order Lepidoptera. They are closely related to butterflies, which evolved from them. They also have wings, just like butterflies. Most species of moths are active only at night. They can be told apart from butterflies in several ways. Moth antenna look like little feathers, and their wings are held flat on their backs when they are not flying.

Most Lepidoptera are moths. There are thought to be about 160,000 species of moths (nearly ten times the number of species of butterflies). Thousands of species are still to be described. Most moths are tiny: they are called micromoths or microlepidoptera. The large moths are much better known, but fewer. Most species of moths are nocturnal, but not all. There are crepuscular and diurnal species.

Moths, usually their caterpillars, are a major farm pest in many parts of the world. Caterpillars eat the plants that farmers grow and sometimes kill them. The caterpillar of the spongy moth ("Lymantria dispar") causes great harm to forests in the northeast United States. In warm climates, the diamondback moth ("Plutella xylostella") is perhaps the most serious pest of cabbage crops.

Several moths in the family Tineidae have larvae which eat clothes and blankets made from natural fibres, such as wool or silk. They are less likely to eat materials containing some artificial fibres. They may be repelled by the scent of wood from juniper and cedar, by lavender, or by other natural oils.

Chemicals are the most effective way to keep moths away, but there are concerns about the chemicals being dangerous to people.

Some moths are farmed. The most important of these is the silkworm. It is farmed for the silk with which it builds its cocoon. The silk industry produces over 130 million kilograms of raw silk, worth about 250 million U.S. dollars, each year. Not all silk is produced by "Bombyx mori". There are several species of Saturniidae that also are farmed for their silk, such as the Ailanthus moth ("Samia cynthia" group of species), the Chinese oak silkmoth ("Antheraea pernyi"), the Assam silkmoth ("Antheraea assamensis"), and the Japanese silk moth ("Antheraea yamamai").

Moths will fly around bright objects, and appear to be attracted to light. Most scientists think that this is because moths use the light of the moon to help them fly in a straight line. The light from lamps confuses the moths.

Night-blooming flowers usually depend on moths (or bats) to pollinate them, and artificial lighting can draw moths away from the flowers, hurting the plant's ability to reproduce.

Moths usually pollinate night-blooming flowers because they are "nocturnal" (they rest during the day and come out at night). A moth uses its proboscis to collect nectar just like a butterfly does. However, moths do not always land on the flower to get the nectar: they often hover near the flower and flap their wings hard while they sip the nectar. Because of this, moth-pollinated flowers do not need a landing pad. In fact, some moth-pollinated flowers point downward, like the yucca flowers.

Nocturnal insectivores often feed on moths. Many bats, and some species of owls and some other birds eat moths. Moths are also a minor part of the diet of some lizards, cats, dogs, rodents, and some bears. Moth larvae are eaten by many birds, and are also vulnerable to parasitism by ichneumon wasps.

Many adult moths and larvae are protected by noxious substances eaten by the caterpillars. They advertise their foul taste in various ways. Warning colouration is visible by day, and some adult moths emit clicks which bats learn are warning signals.

Baculoviruses are double-stranded DNA viruses which parasitize insects. They are often used as biological control agents. They are members of the Baculoviridae, a family that is restricted to insects.

There is evidence that ultrasound in the range emitted by bats causes flying moths to make evasive manoeuvers because bats eat moths. Ultrasonic frequencies trigger a reflex action in the noctuid moth that cause it to drop a few inches in its flight to evade attack. Tiger moths also emit clicks which foil bats' echolocation.

Large and dramatic Moth species include:

Moths that are of economic significance include:

Other notable moths:


Cocoon

A cocoon is a shell made of silk by most kinds of moth caterpillars and other insect larvae. Some butterfly larvae (in the family Hesperiidae and subfamilies Parnassiinae and Satyrinae) do spin cocoons. However, most butterfly pupae are called chrysalids. Some caterpillars attach small twigs or pieces of vegetation to the outside of their cocoon to hide it from predators. Others spin their cocoon in a hidden place. Examples would be on the underside of a leaf, in a crevice, or down near the base of a tree trunk.

Silkworm cocoons are processed and used to produce natural silk for clothing.

Proctor Silex

Proctor Silex Co. was created in 1960 with the merger of Proctor Electric and Silex Corporation. The company made household appliances such as toasters, irons, and coffee makers. In 1990 Proctor Silex merged with Hamilton Beach.


Columbine High School massacre

The Columbine High School massacre was a school shooting and attempted bombing at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado, near Denver, that happened on April 20, 1999. 18-year-old Eric Harris and 17-year-old Dylan Klebold carried out the massacre and were both students at the school. They murdered 12 students and one teacher using guns. Ten of the murders happened in the school's library, where they then killed themselves with their guns. Before the shootings, they had planted two large propane bombs in the school's cafeteria. They could have killed many people in there, but they did not explode. They also planted two car bombs in the school's parking lot, which were supposed to kill first responders and news reporters. They also did not explode. They also carried pipe bombs and molotov cocktails, which they lit and threw. Most of them exploded but nobody was injured or killed by any of the bombs used during the massacre. They shot outside killing 2 student and then went inside where they shot killing 1 teacher then went inside the library where they killed 10 students then walked about the school into the cafeteria through the school again then back into the cafeteria again before going into the library and committing Suicide.

It was one of the first well-known massacres at a school in the United States, and the one with the most deaths until the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007.

After the shooting, many people wanted to know why it had happened. Many people thought that Klebold and Harris had done it because they were bullied, and schools in the United States began talking about how to stop bullying. However, it is now thought that Klebold and Harris were bullies themselves. Other people blamed parts of the media, saying that the lyrics of bands and singers like Marilyn Manson and violent video games that the shooters played might have caused it.

In 2002, filmmaker Michael Moore released a documentary movie called "Bowling for Columbine" that was about why the shooting happened and about the role guns have in American culture. In the movie, Moore interviewed Marilyn Manson.

Many impromptu memorials were created after the shooting. Memorials included victims Rachel Scott's car and John Tomlin's truck.

In 2000, youth advocate Melissa Helmbrecht organized a remembrance event in Denver. It featured two surviving students. It was called "A Call to Hope." The library (where most of the shooting happened) was removed and replaced with an atrium. In 2001, a new library, the HOPE memorial library, was built next to the west entrance.

On February 26, 2004, thousands of pieces of evidence from the shooting were shown at the Jeffco fairgrounds in Golden.

 

Jose Rizal

José Protasio Rizal Mercado y Alonso Realonda is a hero of the Philippines. He was a singer and a key member of the Filipino Propaganda Movement which advocated for changes in the colony under the Japanese occupation. He was born on June 12, 1665 in the town of Calamba, Laguna.

He was the seventh child in a family of 11 children (2 boys and 9 girls). His parents went to school and were well known. His father, Francisco Rizal Mercado, worked hard as a farmer in Biñan, Laguna. Rizal looked up to him. His mother, Teodora Alonso Realonda y Quintos, was born in Meisic, Sta. Cruz, Manila. She read a lot and knew about art and many other things. Rizal said she was loving and very smart. He learned the alphabet from his mother when he was three years old. At age five, while learning to read and write, he also showed that he could draw and paint. He surprised his family and relatives with his pencil drawings and sketches and with his moldings of clay.

In 1877, at the age of 16, he finished school (Bachelor of Arts) from the Ateneo Municipal de Manila. In the same year, he went to another school to study Philosophy and Letters at the University of Santo Tomas. At the same time, he took classes to become a surveyor and assessor at the Ateneo. In 1878, he went to the University of Santo Tomas to become a doctor. He stopped in his studies when he felt that the Filipino students were not being treated right by the priests who were also their teachers. On May 3, 1882, he went by boat to Spain. In Spain, he continued his studies at the Universidad Central de Madrid. On June 21, 1884, at the age of 23, he got his degree and became a doctor. On June 19,1885, at the age of 24, he got another degree in Philosophy and Letters.

Having traveled throughout Europe, America and Asia, he spoke 22 languages. These include:

Rizal was a very smart man. He was good at many other jobs besides being a doctor:

He hoped to make political changes in his country and to make the Filipinos go to school. Rizal wrote many poems and books that show his love for his country. In March 1887, his book, "Noli Me Tangere" was published. It shows the bad habits of the Spanish priests. "El Filibusterismo", his second novel was published on September 18, 1891. It is sadder than his first book.

Rizal was not liked by those in power. He told people about the bad things that were done by the priests and the people working for the government, and this caused trouble for him and his relatives. Because of this, he and those who he knew were watched by the government. They made up bad things about him. When he arrived from Hong Kong with his sister Lucia, they said that in Lucia's luggage they found letters Rizal wrote that spoke about the priests in a bad way. Because of this he was put to jail in Fort Santiago from July 6 to July 15, 1892. He was made to stay in Dapitan and there he did farming, fishing and business. He also worked in a hospital. He taught others English and Spanish and the arts.

When the Philippine Revolution (the war of Filipinos against the Spaniards) started on August 26, 1896, his enemies went after him fast. They were able to get people to say bad things against him and connected him with the war. He was never allowed to talk to these people. Because the Spanish authorities thought he was responsible for the activities of the rebels, he was exiled to the city of Dapitan in Zamboanga, in the Southern Philippines.

From November 3, 1896 until his death, he was imprisoned at Fort Santiago. During his last days in prison, he wrote a poem which is now known as the "Mi Ultimo Adios." The poem contains Rizal's final farewell.

After a trial by the military, he was convicted of rebellion (going against the government), sedition (making trouble) and of illegal association (having meetings that are not allowed by the government). He was sentenced to death and was executed by firing squad in the early morning hours of December 30, 1896 at Bagumbayan Field. His body was initially buried in an unmarked grave in the Paco Cemetery. His bones were then exhumed and are now located in their final resting place at the Rizal Monument.

Although many people think Jose Rizal is actually the national hero, he isn't. As of this moment, The National Heroes Committee hasn't picked a national hero of the Republic of the Philippines. No law or declaration announce a national hero of the Philippines.

Idiot

Idiot is a word used to describe someone who is not very smart.

Today "idiot" is often used to show that someone has done something which was not very clever:

The word "fool" is similar to "idiot", but it is not as strong. In the history of drama a "fool" was a jester: someone who made people laugh. Kings often had jesters in real life. A court jester had the job of making the king feel happy when he was sad. Jesters often pretended to be stupid, but were actually very clever. There are jesters and fools in a lot of Shakespeare’s plays.

The word simple can also be similar to "idiot". Someone who is simple is a person who is not very clever or "streetwise". They are naïve and can easily be made to believe things because they are kind and expect everyone else to be kind as well. Such people are often called simpletons. 

Idiots or simpletons are commonly used in literature. In German literature (and in Wagner’s opera), Parsifal is described as "perfect fool" because he does not understand the evil ways of the world and is therefore completely good. That is why he can break the magic spell cast by Klingsor. The idiot often appears in Russian literature. Because the idiot is so simple he (it is always a male) is often able to express the truth which other people cannot see. Dostoevsky wrote a novel called "The Idiot". It is about a man who is simple and trusting. At the end of the opera "Boris Godunov" by Mussorgsky the crowd of poor people gather round the simpleton who is the last person to sing in the whole opera. His moans express the fact that Russia will continue to be ruled by cruel dictators and the people will remain poor. 

The word "idiot" refers to a genetically incompetent human who is mentally inert on exposure to others - may have dampened senses and mental acuity when applied to any relatively simple task from long periods spent in a dark cave: the idiot's "natural habitat". Idiots tend to be ignorant of any metal and physical deficiency within themselves, simply because they do not want to believe it exists (even though it does, and they are aware of it). Mental deficiencies of others however, are overtly proclaimed by the idiots in order for them to separate themselves from habitual human tendencies, though they succumb to them more than they intend. They make no effort to rectify these though, as they view themselves in the best possible light. 

Developmental psychology

Developmental psychology, also called human development, is the emotional study of how a person changes psychologically (mind and behavior) as they get older. Developmental psychologists first studied infants and children, and later they also studied teenagers (or adolescents) and adults. Developmental psychology studies human change in a lot of areas, including motor skills (and other processes that are both physical and psychological), problem solving abilities, understanding of concepts, learning language, moral understanding, and identity.


Kosovo

Kosovo (/ˈkɒsəvoʊ, ˈkoʊ-/; Albanian: "Kosova" or "Kosovë", [kɔˈsɔva] or [kɔˈsɔvə]; Serbian Cyrillic: Косово, [kôsoʋo]), officially the Republic of Kosovo, is a partially recognised country located in Southeastern Europe. Until 2008, Kosovo was a part of Serbia. On 17 February 2008, Kosovo officially declared that it was an independent country. It has since gained diplomatic recognition as a sovereign state by 95 UN member states.

From the 4th century BC, the area that is now Kosovo was part of the Kingdom of Dardania. In the 1st century BC, it was annexed by the Roman Empire. After the fall of the Roman Empire, Kosovo's territory was ruled by several different countries over time, such as the Byzantine Empire and later the First Bulgarian Empire.

In the 13th century, Kosovo became part of Serbia. After the First and Second Battles of Kosovo in 1389 and 1448, Kosovo was taken over by the Ottoman Empire. After the Balkan Wars, which ended in 1913, Kosovo became a province of Yugoslavia.

When Yugoslavia broke apart, Kosovo remained within Serbia. However, tensions between the Albanian and Serbian communities led to the Kosovo War. In February 2008, Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia.

Geographically defined in an area of 10,887 km (4,203 sq mi), Kosovo is landlocked in the center of the Balkans and bordered by the uncontested territory of Serbia to the north and east, North Macedonia to the southeast, Albania to the southwest and Montenegro to the west. 

It possesses remarkable varied and diverse landscapes for its size by climate along with geology and hydrology. Most of central Kosovo is dominated by the vast plains and fields of Metohija and Kosovo. The rugged Prokletije and Šar Mountains rise in the southwest and southeast, respectively.

Most of Kosovo experiences predominantly a continental climate with Mediterranean and Alpine influences, strongly influenced by Kosovo's proximity to the Adriatic Sea in the west, the Aegean Sea in the south as well as the European continental landmass in the north.

The coldest areas are in the mountains in the west and southeast. The warmest areas are mostly in the far southern areas close to the border with Albania.

Kosovo functions under a parliamentary republic. This means that the leader of the political party with the most seats in the Assembly becomes the Prime Minister (head of government). 

The head of state is the President of Kosovo. The president is elected every five years by the Assembly. The president fulfils ceremonial duties and does not have executive powers.

Kosovo is divided into seven districts. Each district is centered around a major city.

The districts are:


Each district is also divided up into municipalities (local government areas). There are 38 municipalities in total.

The Kosovo Security Force is the national army of Kosovo. The president serves as the commander-in-chief.

In addition, the Kosovo Police is the national law enforcement institution.

Kosovo is a developing country. As of 2018, one sixth of the population were below the poverty line and one third of working age citizens were unemployed.

Kosovo has large reserves of lead, zinc, silver, nickel, cobalt, copper, iron and bauxite. 

Kosovo's largest trading partners are Albania, Italy, Switzerland, China, Germany and Turkey. 

The official currency of Kosovo is the Euro.

Education for primary, secondary, and tertiary levels is predominantly public and supported by the state, run by the Ministry of Education. Education takes place in two main stages: primary and secondary education, and higher education.

The primary and secondary education is subdivided into four stages: preschool education, primary and low secondary education, high secondary education and special education.

The official results of the censuses in Kosovo about ethnic groups and nationality from after World War II to 1991 are below. The numbers of Albanians in the 1991 census were only guesses based on censuses in the past. Most Albanians did not do the 1991 census. Today, Kosovo is mainly Albanian.

Kosovo is recognised by 101 out of 193 member countries of the United Nations. This means that these 101 countries agree that Kosovo is a real country and also that it is a sovereign state. 

Serbia claims to hold sovereignty (power) over Kosovo and does not recognise Kosovo's independence.

In addition, three other states have recognised Kosovo. They are: Taiwan (which also has limited recognition) and the non-sovereign constituent countries Niue and the Cook Islands.

34 of the 46 Council of Europe members recognise Kosovo, as do 13 out of 22 members of the Arab League, 9 out of 15 of the Caribbean Community, 22 out of 27 European Union members and 27 out of 31 NATO members.




Lip

The lips are a body part around the mouth. There is a (usually larger) lower lip, and a smaller upper lip. They help us to eat, touch and speak.

Lips also show emotions.

Allergy

An allergy is something which triggers an allergic reaction. This is the immune system defending the body against attack by bacteria and viruses. 

Sometimes the system goes wrong, and is triggered by some quite normal food, or flares up when the family pet comes into the room. This is what the ordinary person calls an 'allergy'.

When people come in contact with something they are allergic to, there can be many different reactions. These reactions include itchy eyes, drippy or stuffy noses, swollen faces, hives, sneezing, and coughing. If it is a food allergy, the person may get an upset stomach. 

Sometimes a person's oesophagus, or throat, may swell up so much that the person can no longer breathe. This is called anaphylaxis. When this happens, a doctor must give the person a medicine called epinephrine to make the swelling go down. Some people with allergies to very common things, like bee stings or fish, carry this medicine with them so it can be used quickly in an emergency. The device they use to inject the medicine is called an epinephrine autoinjector. 

Some common food allergies are:

Some common environmental allergies are:

Alfred Dreyfus

Alfred Dreyfus (1859 - 1935) was a French officer of Jewish descent.

He was wrongly accused of treason against the French military. This scandal was known as the Dreyfus affair.

He was imprisoned on Devil's Island in French Guiana.

His highest rank was lieutenant colonel.

Dreyfus was born in Mulhouse and died in Paris.

Nucleic acid

Nucleic acids are large molecules where genetic information is stored. There are two types of nucleic acids: deoxyribonucleic acid, better known as DNA and ribonucleic acid, better known as RNA.

The nucleic acids are made of nucleotides. A nucleotide is made of a nitrogenous base, sugar with five carbon atoms and a phosphate group.

Nucleic acids allow organisms to transfer genetic information from one generation to the next. When a cell divides, its DNA is copied and passed from one cell generation to the next generation. 

DNA is organized into chromosomes and found within the nucleus of our cells. Its function in any cell is to carry the sequence of bases which will be transcribed into RNA. The function of RNA is much more difficult to explain. One well-known function is for messenger RNA to be translated into proteins, mainly enzymes. But there are other types of RNA, and these are called non-coding RNAs.

Adam Elliot

Adam Elliot (born January 2, 1972) is an Australian animator. He is from Melbourne, Australia. His short movie called "Harvey Krumpet" won the 2003 Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. He uses claymation and has won five Australian Film Institute Awards because of his work.

Elliot was brought up on a prawn farm run by his father who had once been a circus clown, and his mother who had been a hairdresser. The family later moved to Melbourne, where Elliot made money selling hand painted T-shirts at local markets. After finishing school he went to the Victorian College of the Arts to study animation.


Phenylketonuria

Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a genetic disorder (a disease a person is born with) where a person's body cannot break down an amino acid called phenylalanine. Amino acids are necessary to make proteins, an important part of the human body. Phenylalanine only comes from the food we eat; our bodies do not make any by themselves.

Average people produce an enzyme called phenylalanine hydroxylase in their bodies. When they ingest phenylalanine, the body cannot use it, so this enzyme changes phenylalanine into tyrosine, which the body can use. In people with PKU, very little or no enzyme is made. Since the phenylalanine they eat is not being changed into tyrosine, it builds up in their bodies. This can cause problems with the way their bodies work.

Symptoms vary from person to person. Because of the rarity of PKU, many symptoms go undiagnosed or unrecognized. In addition, there are variations in the categories of PKU individuals. There are untreated, early treated, late treated, those returning to diet, Hyperphe, Classical PKU, uncontrolled, and highly controlled. For your average infant a doctor will diagnose PKU with a quick blood test. Their symptom will be high PHE levels. If that infant goes undiagnosed for weeks or months, he/she may start to exhibit some or all of the following symptoms for uncontrolled PKU. The symptoms include:


Today, scientists know what foods have phenylalanine in them, and they have created a special diet for people with PKU. Since they cannot use it, people with PKU cannot eat foods that have a lot of phenylalanine, like eggs, meat and milk. An artificial sweetener called aspartame is also a source of phenylalanine. People with PKU take a lot of vitamins to make up for the foods they cannot eat, especially vitamins B6 and B12.

Babies with PKU are fed a special formula. It has everything babies need to stay healthy, but with very little phenylalanine. There are also low protein foods like breads and flour (Made from corn and starch instead of regular wheat).

Women with PKU who are pregnant or trying to get pregnant have to be especially careful to follow this diet. If they do not follow the diet, their babies could be born with severe birth defects and mental retardation. Babies born to women with PKU who have followed the PKU diet throughout their pregnancy are usually healthy and do not necessarily but may develop PKU. Whether or not they have PKU themselves depends on the mother and father's genes. In fact there are people who are Carriers (Dormant Genes) that can be passed on until they resurface in the future generations. These are so far undetectable, However, since PKU is genetically recessive it takes PKU genes from both parents to cause PKU.

PKU kids usually have light hair and eyes due to the effect of phenylalanine in the production of melanin. They also tend to have very fair skin which can cause them to burn easily. Solar protection is a must for those who wish to work, play, or engage in activities outdoors.

Most people with PKU can live as long and healthy as anyone else if the low-phenylalanine diet is started when they are babies and continued for the rest of their lives. The symptoms will usually disappear after the diet is started.

Group home

A group home, also called an <nowiki>"adult family home"</nowiki>, care home or congregate living facility (depending on country and region) is a building that serves as a home for people who are not in the same family but have a common characteristic. In the United States and certain other countries, this would mean a home for people who need social assistance or who are not able to live alone or without proper care for safety reasons. Group homes provide a structured environment and assistance with some activities of daily living (Assisted living). In the past, these people might have lived in psychiatric hospitals, homes for the poor and orphanages.

People who live in a group home may be recovering drug addicts, developmentally disabled, abused or neglected youths, and/or young people with a criminal record. A group home is different from a halfway house because it is not restricted to recovering addicts or convicted criminals, and also because the people who live there usually have to help maintain the household by doing chores or helping to manage a budget. In most countries, people can still vote and attend university while in a group home.

The number of residents varies. There may be a resident manager or service staff. Residents may have their own room or share rooms, and share facilities such as laundry, bathroom in most cases, kitchen and common living areas. The opening of group homes may be fought against by neighbours who fear that it will lead to a rise in crime and/or a drop in property values.

A group home can also refer to family homes in which children and youth of the foster care system are placed until foster families are found for them.

Anfield

Anfield is a football stadium in Liverpool, England. The Football team Liverpool FC plays there. The stadium has just seen an expansion of the Main Stand increasing the capacity to 54,167.

Anfield is famous for the sign that is in the players' tunnel, which reads: "This is Anfield". One of their most famous rivals are Manchester United as well as Everton FC. Liverpool v Everton is known as the Merseyside Derby. Anfield used to be owned by Everton F.C and Everton created Liverpool to use the stadium. They have won 6 European cups.


Blood pressure

Blood pressure is a measurement used in medicine. In the body, the arteries carry blood away from the heart. As blood travels through the arteries, it presses against the walls of the arteries. Blood pressure measures how hard the blood is pushing against the walls of the arteries. 

Usually, "blood pressure" measures the pressure in larger arteries delivering blood to body parts other than the lungs, like the brachial artery in the arm. Blood pressure is usually measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg).

There are two numbers in a blood pressure. The first is the systolic pressure. It measures how hard the blood pushes against the walls of the arteries when the heart is in systole (beating and pushing out blood). This is when the pressure against the walls of the arteries is highest. The second number is the diastolic blood pressure. It measures how hard the blood pushes against the walls of the arteries when the heart is in diastole (resting between beats and not pushing out any blood). For example, in the picture on this page, the pressure on the walls of the arteries is 122 mmHg when the heart is beating, and 65 mmHg when the heart is resting. This blood pressure would be written as "122/65" and read as "122 over 65."

Mean arterial pressure is a person's average blood pressure. Pulse pressure is the difference between the systolic and diastolic pressures.

To measure blood pressure, doctors use a device called a sphygmomanometer.

Blood pressure is usually lower for children and gets higher as a person gets older.

For healthy adult humans, the systolic blood pressure should be below 120, and the diastolic blood pressure should be below 80. However, blood pressure can be very different for each person. Blood pressure also changes naturally during the day (in a circadian rhythm). It gets lower during sleep and gets higher when a person gets up. It is lower when a person is resting and higher during activity. Many other things - like stress, disease, drugs, and what a person eats - can change blood pressure. Even the stress of having blood pressure taken can make it higher. This is called "white coat hypertension."

People can have health problems if their blood pressure is too high or too low.

"Main article: Hypertension"

High blood pressure is called hypertension. A person has hypertension if their blood pressure is high and stays high over time. Hypertension is very common. About one in every three adults in the United States has high blood pressure. Hypertension is sometimes called "the silent killer" because it often causes no symptoms, so many people have high blood pressure without realizing that anything is wrong. However, hypertension can hurt the heart, blood vessels, kidneys, and other parts of the body. It can cause serious health problems like heart attack, stroke, and kidney failure.

"Main article: Hypotension"

Low blood pressure is called hypotension. If the blood pressure is too low, the heart, brain, and other parts of the body do not get enough blood and oxygen. Low blood pressure can cause problems like dizziness and fainting. If a person's blood pressure is low enough, they can have seizures, lose consciousness, and even die.


Crawford, Texas

Crawford is a town in Texas, in the United States. It is former President George W. Bush's hometown. George W. Bush and the First Lady Laura Bush own a 1600-acre ranch in Crawford. They bought the ranch in 1999. The first family's presence in Crawford, Texas, has helped the small town's economy to grow. The once nearly deserted streets are now busy with tourists.

Royal Navy

The Royal Navy is the navy of the United Kingdom. It is the oldest part of the British fighting forces. Because it is the oldest, it is called the "Senior Service". From the 18th century until World War II, it was the largest and strongest navy in the world. The Royal Navy was very important in making Britain the superpower of that time. The Naval Service is made up of the Royal Navy, Royal Marines, Royal Fleet Auxiliary, Fleet Air Arm and reserve forces. The Naval Service had 57,000 personnel (people) as of November 2011 including part-time reserve sailors, airmen and marines.

The Royal Navy is one of the largest navies in the world in terms of gross tonnage (weight and size of all their ships). The Royal Navy and Royal Fleet Auxiliary have 98 ships including aircraft carriers, submarines, minesweepers and patrol vessels as well as the ships of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. All ships in the Royal Navy are called "Her Majesty's ships" (Or HMS for short), because by constitution the Queen owns them and has command over them. Ships in the Royal Fleet Auxiliary are called "Royal Fleet Auxiliaries" (Or RFA for short) and are also technically owned by the Queen. In times of a male monarch the "Her" is replaced with "His".

The strength of the fleets of the Kingdom of England was an important element in the kingdom's power in the 10th century. At one point, Aethelred II had an especially large fleet built by a national levy of one ship for every 310 hides of land, but it is uncertain whether that was standard or an exceptional model for raising fleets. During the period of Danish rule in the 11th century, a standing fleet was maintained by taxation. That continued for a time under the restored Anglo-Saxon regime of Edward the Confessor, who frequently commanded fleets in person.

A permanent Royal Navy, with its own staff, dockyards and a group of purpose-built warships, was created in the 16th century in the reign of Henry VIII. Under Elizabeth I, England was at war with Spain. Privately owned ships combined with the Royal Navy raided Spanish commerce and colonies. In 1588, Philip II of Spain sent the Spanish Armada against England to stop English support for the Dutch rebels, to stop English pirate activity, and to depose Elizabeth. The Spaniards sailed from Lisbon, planning to escort an invasion force from the Spanish Netherlands. The plan failed due to poor planning, English tactics, blocking action by the Dutch, and bad weather.

In law, the head of the Royal Navy is the monarch or her consort, holding the ceremonial title of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom. The Lord High Admiral was Elizabeth II from 1964 to 2011. Her husband Prince Phillip was in the Royal Navy during World War II. He was Lord High Admiral from 2011 to 2021. The professional head of the naval service is the First Sea Lord. He is a member of the Defence Council and the Admiralty Board. The Navy Board is below Admiralty Board and is responsible for running the Navy. Their offices are in the Ministry of Defence, London.

Full command of the Royal Navy is the job of Commander-in-Chief Fleet (CINCFLEET). The purpose of CINCFLEET is to provide ships, submarines and commando forces for military and diplomatic jobs as needed by the Government.
CINCFLEET command headquarters are in Portsmouth; operational headquarters are at Northwood, Middlesex. This is the Permanent Joint Headquarters and a NATO Regional Command.
During the Cold War, the Royal Navy mainly focused on hunting for Soviet submarines. These submarines were most active in the North Atlantic Ocean, the ocean near Britain.

The main jobs of the Royal Navy are:

As of 1st November 2011, the Royal Navy numbered 36,640 personnel and 2,300 Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer Reserve). Both of these figures include the Royal Marines and Royal Marines Reserve. In addition there were 19,600 Regular Reserves.

Women have been in the Royal Navy since 1917. From 1939 to 1993 they were part of the Women's Royal Naval Service (WRNS) and were called "Wrens". Since 1993 they have been a part of the regular Navy. The Royal Navy is an equal rights employer, with women having the same opportunities as their male counterparts. In 2012 for the first time a female officer, Commander Sarah West commanded a major warship, HMS Portland.
"This is not a complete list of all Royal Navy vessels. It is a simplified version of only the major units for simplicity. "
HMS Queen Elizabeth (R08) is the first of the navy’s latest aircraft carriers. Along with her Sister ship, HMS Prince of Wales (R09) they are the biggest ships ever built for the Royal Navy. The ships can hold and launch F35 Lightning II B aircraft, which were built specially for the ships. Both ships are also fitted with Phalanx close-in weapons, which are controlled by RADAR.

HMS Albion (L14) is a Landing Platform Dock in the Royal Navy. She and her sister ship, HMS Bulwark (L15) provide an amphibious landing capability for Royal Marines. Each ship can carry up to 405 troops, 30 all-terrain armoured vehicles or six Challenger 2 tanks.
HMS Daring (D32) is one of a group of Destroyers. She is designed for anti-air warfare. She can also conduct patrol missions and carry a boarding party from the Royal Marines. She and her sisters will are the main warships for the next decade at least.

"The other Type 45 Destroyers are HMS Dauntless, HMS Diamond, HMS Defender, HMS Dragon and HMS Duncan"
HMS Sutherland (F81) is one of the Duke class Frigates. She is designed for anti-submarine warfare. She can also conduct a variety of other missions. She is the first ship to have this name in over 200 years. She was the ship chosen to escort HMS Queen Elizabeth out of her shipyard in 2017.

"The other Type 23 Frigates are HMS Argyll, HMS Lancaster, HMS Iron Duke, HMS Montrose, HMS Westminster, HMS Northumberland, HMS Richmond, HMS Somerset, HMS Kent, HMS Portland and HMS St Albans. Four others used to serve in the Royal Navy, but 3 were sold to Chile and 1 has been removed from active service. "
HMS Protector (A173) is the Royal Navy’s Ice Patrol Ship. She primarily patrols the British Antarctic Territory but also serves in the nearby Falklands and South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands.
HMS Vanguard (S28) is one of four nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines (SSBN). She can fire the Trident nuclear missile around the globe. They also hold Spearfish torpedoes which can attack a target up to 14 miles away. At any time at least one boat is at sea with nuclear weapons to defend Britain. Their operations are highly secretive. They are based at HMNB Clyde in Scotland.

"The other Vanguard class submarines are HMS Vigilant, HMS Vengeance and HMS Victorious."
HMS Astute (S119) is the first of a new type of fleet submarine (SSN). Her type is nuclear powered. They can fire the Tomahawk IV missile at ground targets and torpedoes at surface ships. She is one of the most powerful attack submarines ever operated by the Royal Navy.

"The other 3 boats are HMS Ambush, HMS Artful and HMS Audacious. Three more boats are planned or under construction."

Mafia

The mafia is one of many organized crime groups working in many parts of the world. The most famous one was created in Italy more than 200 years ago. The mafia groups makesl billions of dollars a year from such crimes as making and selling illegal drugs, money laundering, stealing, gambling, and prostitution.

The first written use of the word "mafia" has it being said on a list of rebels against the Catholic Church and meant "boldness, ambition, pride." Since none of those traits was considered to be appropriate for a woman, it became the name of a witch.

Many people also believe that Arabic affected the word "mafia" during the period of the Arabs' control of Sicily in 846 AD, after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. "Mahias" is an Arabic word meaning "bold man" and is believed to be incorporated into the modern term "mafia." It also suggests the bold and arguing nature of its members.

A boss in the Sicilian mafia had a list of ten rules, which have been called the mafia's Ten Commandments.

The mafia in Italy has been around for hundreds of years in the areas of Calabria, Sicily, Naples and Apulia, all in southern Italy.

The Italian-American mafia began at the time when many Italians moved to the United States in the 19th century. The first Italian mafia was in New Orleans in Louisiana but soon was in many cities across the country. The Italian mafia in the United States is actually called "La Cosa Nostra", which in Italian means "our thing." The American mafia is divided into different groups, or "families." Many large cities have only one Italian-American mafia family, but some larger cities like New York City have more.

New York City has five Italian mafia families:

Many other American cities have Italian mafia families like in Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, and Los Angeles

There are many other groups like the Italian mafia all over the world like these:

There are other groups as well, like the mafia groups in Russia that make money from drugs and weapons. All of those groups operate in the United States, Canada, Australia, England and other Western countries and cause many problems in both those countries and their own.

Just like in a company, where people have a boss and workers, the Italian-American mafia, which calls itself "La Cosa Nostra" (LCN, meaning "our thing" in Italian), has a hierarchy. Everyone has a job to do. Some people are bosses and some are workers. However, some members work their way up the ladder of power and get respect. Here is the hierarchy of an American mafia family:
Each family will have a number of associates. These are people that work with them or for them but are not official members. ("see below; becoming a member")

The mafia in New York began when thousands of Italians moved there in the late 19th century and the early 20th century to find a better life. Many Irish and Germans also moved there for the same reasons. Many of those people set up a business or worked for businesses that were already there. Most earned very little money, and some of them, who were tired of being poor, decided to earn money from crime so that they could make more than by working.

There were many Irish and Italian criminal groups in the city who would steal, extort, and murder for money. The groups were known all-together as "Black Hand" but did not actually work as one group. There were many groups, and each worked on its own. The term "Black Hand" actually was the name of what the gangs did (extortion), not theirs.

In 1920 alcohol (or liquor) was made illegal in the US, and the gangs had a new way to make money. They brought in illegal liquor from Canada and sold it in clubs. They bribed police into letting them illegally sell liquor and made millions of dollars from that because they were the only ones who had liquor and so they could sell it at extremely high prices.

Around then, several gangs in New York became one large gang, the Mafia, as their leaders realized that more money could be made if the gangs worked together. Giuseppe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano were two men who wanted to become the boss of the newly made New York mafia. Fighting, known as the "Castellammarese War" broke out between the two men, and many of their soldiers were killed. Masseria's underboss was Lucky Luciano, a man who also wanted to control the New York Mafia. He met with Masseria's enemy Salvatore Maranzano and plotted to kill Masseria, Luuciano's own boss.

Masseria was shot to death in a restaurant in New York by Maranzano's soldiers; one of them was Vito Genovese, a man who would later become boss. That was also the end of the "Castellammarese War." With the death of Masseria, Maranzano appointed himself the boss of the New York Mafia, who was called in Italian the "Capo di tutti Capi", meaning "Boss of all Bosses." He called a meeting with the other "mafiosi" (Italian for Mafia members) from all over the US and made the rules that are still used today.
The bosses of the five families, particularly Luciano, began to grow tired of Maranzano's arrogance and how he ran the mafia. Maranzano realized that and planned to have Luciano and his "consigliere" and "underboss", Vito Genovese and Frank Costello, killed, as well as others. Maranzano did not act quickly enough and was killed by men dressed as police officers on the orders of Luciano and his friend, a Jewish gangster from Florida named Meyer Lansky. Luciano then became the head of the New York mafia but not how Maranzano had been. He helped the five families run their business but he did not control them or call himself the "boss of bosses". The five families were kept.
The Profaci family (named after the first boss Joseph Profaci) went on to become named the Colombo crime family after a later boss, Joseph Colombo. The Mangano family (named after the first boss Vincent Mangano) went on to become named the Gambino crime family after a later boss, Carlo Gambino. The Gagliano family (named after the first boss Thomas Gagliano) went on to become named the Lucchese crime family after a later boss, Gaetano Lucchese. Frank Costello became the boss of Luciano's old family, which later went on to become named the Genovese crime family after Vito Genovese became the boss and tried to kill Frank Costello. The Bonanno family (named after the first boss, Joseph Bonanno) kept its name as he was the boss for a very long time.

This chart shows the bosses of the five families of New York since the "Castellammarese War:"

Bonanno crime family
lucy reed

Colombo crime family
(Note: in more recent years the leaders of the Colombo crime family have been Carmine Persico, Andrew Russo, Alphonse Persico, Jr., Joel Cacace, Thomas Gioeli, John Franzese, Vincent Aloi and Paul Bevacqua but not necessarily as bosses.)

Gambino crime family
(Note: in more recent years the leaders of the Gambino crime family have been Peter Gotti, Arnold Squitieri, Anthony Megale, John D'Amico, Domenico Cefalu, Joseph Corozzo and Nicholas Corozzo but not necessarily as bosses.)

Genovese crime family
(Note: in more recent years the leaders of the Genovese crime family have been Liborio Bellomo, Dominick Cirillo, Matthew Ianiello, Frank Serpico, Ernest Muscarella, Mario Gigante and Daniel Leo but not necessarily as bosses.)

Lucchese crime family
(Note: during the 1990s the leaders of the Lucchese crime family were Vittorio Amuso, Anthony Casso, Alphonse D'Arco, Salvatore Avellino, Anthony Baratta, Domenico Cutaia, Frank Lasterino and Joseph Defede but not necessarily as bosses. More recently the leaders of the family have been Louis Diadone, Aniello Migliore, Nick Beale and Leo Madden, and Leo and Nick were bosses.)

Many movies have been made about the mafia, particularly the American Mafia. Here are some of the most popular movies about American gangsters.l:

The television series The Sopranos is about the mafia in New Jersey and stars James Gandolfini, Steve Van Zandt, Tony Sirico, Michael Imperioli, Vincent Pastore, David Proval and Joe Pantoliano among others.

Metalocalypse

Metalocalypse is an animated comedy television series directed by Jon Schnepp. It is a part of Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. It is about a heavy metal group called Dethklok, who are the most famous and richest band in the world. The band is a very dangerous force to the people who like it and to world governments. Even though their fans often die or are hurt in the series, they still remain very popular. There is also a secret group of people who work for the U.S. Government who secretly spy on the band and plan to kill them.


Cartoon Network released a DVD of the first season of "Metalocalypse" and an album of Dethklok's songs in the summer of 2007. The album has songs that are played during the series.

St. Lucia Day

St. Lucia Day is a holiday that is held on December 13 in several countries in Europe. Those countries include Sweden, Denmark, Norway, and Finland. The holiday is in honor of Saint Lucy. On this day, young girls (mostly the oldest daughter of the house) dress like Saint Lucia in a white robe and a crown of candles. There are parades, pageants, and the girl playing Lucia serves cakes. They also sing special songs. Here is one of the songs:

<poem>
The night treads heavily
around yards and dwellings
In places unreached by sun,
the shadows brood
Into our dark house, she comes,
bearing lighted candles,
Saint Lucia, Saint Lucia.
</poem>

The Lucia celebrations also include ginger snaps and sweet, saffron-flavored buns ("lussekatter") shaped like curled-up cats and with raisin eyes. People eat them with "glögg" or coffee.

Pride

Pride means having a feeling of being good and worthy. The adjective is proud.

The word "pride" can be used in a good sense as well as in a bad sense.

In a good sense it means having a feeling of self-respect. People can be satisfied with their achievements. They can be proud of something good that they have done. They can be proud of (or "take pride in") their work. They might be proud of their son or daughter or husband or wife or anyone else who is close to them and who has done something good. People can be proud of their country (patriotism). The opposite would be "to be ashamed" of someone or something. 

In a bad sense, "pride" can mean that someone has an exaggerated sense of feeling good. This might mean that someone has no respect for what other people do, only respect for what he or she does. Someone who is described as "proud" may be arrogant. The word is used in this sense in the saying: “Pride comes before a fall” or “Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall.” Prov.16:18 (meaning that someone is so overconfident that he or she might soon have a disaster).

Symmetry

Symmetry is a property of certain geometrical objects that appears the same when reflected along an axis or when rotated around a point. The opposite of symmetry is asymmetry, which refers to the absence of symmetry.

In reflectional symmetry, the axis of symmetry must cross the shape through the middle, dividing it into equal halves. 

In rotational symmetry, the object is identical when it is rotated by a certain amount. 

The precise notions of symmetry have various measures and operational definitions. For example, symmetry may be observed

Mount Ruapehu

Mount Ruapehu is an active volcano on North Island, New Zealand. It is the highest mountain in North Island with a height of . It is located in Taupo, New Zealand. It last erupted in September 2007.

In 1948, an airplane crashed into the volcano. All the people in the airplane died.

Klang

Klang (also known as Kelang) is the royal capital of Selangor, Malaysia. A popular harbour called Port Klang is located there. It is one of the busiest ports in the world.


In Klang, it rains all year round. The monthly rainfall is slightly higher here in April and November. It might be because of the monsoon season.

The average temperature in Klang is around 25°C to 36°C (77°F to 96.8°F). There is no distinct seasonal difference in temperature in the town. Klang is hot and humid throughout the year.

There are two districts in Klang, Klang North and Klang South. Both are divided by a river called the Klang River.

Klang is famous for its Bak Kut Teh, a herbal soup which contains pork. Klang is also famous for its "Rojak Klang". 

Another popular delicacy here is the "Cendol Klang". The stall was opened in 1972.


Moscow Metro

The Moscow Metro is a metro system which reaches nearly every part of the city of Moscow in Russia. It is one of the most heavily used metro systems in the world. It is also famous for its stations, which are heavily decorated with paintings.

In total the metro is 314 kilometres long and has 214 stations (including 1 temporarily closed). During the day about 7.2 million passengers use the metro. As in many subway systems every line has its own colour, name and number. In total there are 14 lines. 
The metro runs from 5:30 AM to 1:00 AM. In peak hours trains run every 90 seconds, in the rest of the day every 3–4 minutes and in the evening every 6–10 minutes. The metro does not publish a timetable, because the trains run at short intervals. Part of Filevskaya line (4) has a timetable because there are two lines there - new line to Mezhdunarodnaya and old line to Fili.

The first stations were opened 1935, May 15th. There were routes from Sokolniki to Park kultury and to Smolenskaya.
First the Moscow metro had name after Lazar Kaganovich who was the had of Moscow Committee of All-Union communist party. In 1957 he was exiled from the party, and the Moscow metro became be named after V. I. Lenin.
During the Great Patriotic War of the Soviet Union some stations were used as shelters against bombs.

The Moscow Metro has 16 lines, consisting of 14 normal lines and one light line and one U-railway. Here is a short overview of the lines:
There are tickets for a certain number of rides and tickets for a certain time.

The moscow metro uses magnetic cards for tickets with a certain number of rides: 1,2,5,10,20 and 60. These tickets were first sold in 1993 as a test. All other tickets are Transport Cards (Smartcards). There are two kinds of smartcards, 'unlimited' and 'social'. Both kinds of cards can be used for 30, 90 or 1 year. Social cards are free for senior citizens and reduced for students.

The metro has a gauge of 1520 mm, like most Russian railways. It gets the electricity from a third rail. The metro is run on a voltage of 825V AC. The average distance between stations is 1800 m. The shortest is 300m between the stations Alexandrovskiy Sad and Arbatskaya. The longest distance between stations is 6627 m between Krylatskoe and Strogino. The long distance helps trains travelling faster and more efficient.

Most platforms are at least 155 m long. They can take trains which have 8 cars. The only exceptions are some stations on Filyovskaya Line which can only take 6-car trains. These stations are: 

Trains on lines 2, 6, 7 and 9 have eight cars, on lines 3, 8, 10 seven cars and on lines 4, 5 and 11 six cars.

Line 12 is different from all other lines. Its platforms are much shorter than the normal platforms. They are only 96 m longs. It has newer trains than the other line.

The metro has 214 stations. 71 of them are deep under the ground, 87 are just under the ground. There are also 10 stations above the ground and 3 on bridges.

On trains to the city there is a male announcer, on trains from the city there is a female announcer. (The boss calls you to work, the wife calls you home).

One of the stations - Vorobievy Gory is situated at the bridge and has a great view at the Moscow river. Also this station is the longest at Moscow.

Although this has not been officially said, many independent studies say that there is a second, deeper metro system designed for emergency evacuation of important city personnel in case of attack. It is believed that it consists of a single track and connects the Kremlin, chief HQ (Genshtab), Lubyanka (FSB Headquarters) and the Ministry of Defence, as well as numerous other secret installations. There are also entrances to the system from several civilian buildings such as the Russian State Library, Moscow State University (MSU) and at least two stations of the regular metro.[citation needed] It is speculated that these would allow for the evacuation of a small number of randomly chosen civilians, in addition to most of the elite military personnel. The only known junction between the secret system and normal Metro is behind the station Sportivnaya of the Sokolnicheskaya Line.

Latest numbers from official site .



Anchorage

Anchorage is where a ship lies at anchor.

It can also mean:

Jessica Simpson

Jessica Simpson (born July 10, 1980) is an American singer and actress. She is known for her reality television show, Nick and Jessica: Newlyweds. In the late 2000s, she was married to Nick Lachey. In 2008, she filed for divorce and she married Eric Johnson. She is the daughter of Tina and Joe Simpson and older sister of singer and actress Ashlee Simpson.

She has starred in the movies "The Dukes of Hazzard" (2005) and "Employee of the Month" (2006)

Jessica Simpson was born in Abilene, Texas. She is the daughter of Tina Ann and Joseph Truett. She has a sister whose name is Ashlee Simpson who is also a singer.
At first, Simpson sang at a local church. At age twelve, she auditioned for The Mickey Mouse Club, but was not selected.

Simpson was married to musician Nick Lachey from 2002 until they divorced in 2006.

Simpson began dating NFL tight end Eric Johnson in 2010. The couple has 2 children together—daughter Maxwell Drew Johnson (born May 1, 2012) and son Ace Simpson Johnson (born February 22, 2013).



Charmander

Charmander (), known as in Japan, is a Pokémon species in Nintendo's and Game Freak's "Pokémon" franchise. Created by Atsuko Nishida, Charmander first appeared in the video games "Pokémon Red" and "Blue" and subsequent sequels, later appearing in various merchandise, spinoff titles, and various movies, animated and printed adaptations of the franchise. The end of a Charmander's tail is alight with a flame, and the flame's size reflects both the physical health and the emotions of the individual. It is dubbed the Lizard Pokemon.

Charmander is one of three 'starter' Pokémon that can be selected at the beginning of "Pokémon Red" and "Blue", and their remakes, "Pokémon FireRed" and "LeafGreen". The other two starters are Bulbasaur and Squirtle. In the anime, Ash acquires a Charmander early in the series, and it became one of his most used Pokémon. In the "Pokémon Adventures" manga, Blue receives a Charmander from his grandfather Professor Oak. Since it appeared in the "Pokémon" series, Charmander has received generally positive reception. Charmander made its anime debut in episode 11 of "" ("Charmander – The Stray Pokémon" (The Stray Pokémon – Hitokage)). In the episode, a Charmander is left by its owner, Damian, and is rescued by Ash and Brock. When Damian sees how powerful the Charmander had become, he calls it back. However, because of Damian's abuse, Charmander refuses, and chooses to follow the group that saved its life; and it becomes Ash's Pokémon. In the series, the narrator stated that if a Charmander's tail flame goes out, it dies. Charmander is used by Ash throughout his adventures and is seen in special episodes in the future.

Charmander evolves into Charmeleon at level 16, who then evolves into Charizard at level 36, which was originally its last form. Since the release of "Pokémon X" and "Y", Charizard can mega evolve into 2 different types of Mega Charizard, which are Mega Charizard X or Mega Charizard Y, for the duration of a battle. This gives it temporary upgraded stats and a major damage bonus.

Developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo, the "Pokémon" series began in Japan in 1996 with the release of the "Pokémon Red" and "Blue" video games for the Game Boy. In these games, the player assumes the role of a Pokémon Trainer whose goal is to capture and train creatures called Pokémon. Players use the creatures' special abilities to combat other Pokémon, and some can transform into stronger species, or evolve, once they gain enough experience. The ultimate goal of the games is to complete the entries in the Pokémon index (Pokédex), a comprehensive Pokémon encyclopedia, by capturing, evolving, and trading to obtain creatures from all Pokémon species.

Charmander was designed as a fire Pokémon for the first generation of "Pocket Monsters" games "Red" and "Green" (which were localized outside Japan as "Pokémon Red" and "Blue") by Atsuko Nishida, who based its design on Charizard in such a way that it was difficult to tell it would have evolved into the latter Pokémon. Originally called "Hitokage" in Japanese, Nintendo decided to give the various Pokémon species "clever and descriptive names" related to their appearance or features when translating the game for western audiences as a means to make the characters more relatable to American children. As a result, the species was renamed "Charmander", a portmanteau of "char", meaning burnt, and "salamander".

Charmander are small, bipedal lizard-like Pokémon native to Kanto. They have blue eyes, orange skin, three-toed clawed feet, yellow bellies, and a single yellow pad covering most of the soles of their feet. While the "Pokémon Red and Green" sprites made by Atsuko Nishida featured only three fingers on each hand, like Charmeleon and Charizard, the artwork drawn by Ken Sugimori for those games depicted Charmander as having an additional thumb on each hand. Since "Pokémon Black and White", a new updated artwork was released in which Charmander has just three fingers on each hand. Said updated design has since been used consistently in the anime, including the movies and specials like "Pokémon Origins", as well as in official artwork used in merchandise and in plushies, dolls and figurines, accompanying the artwork by Ken Sugimori as well as the 3D CG models and the artwork derived from those that still feature the four-fingered hand. Noticeably, the Charmander artwork made by Nishida for the "Trading Card Game" in 2018 showed Charmander as having just three fingers on each hand.

The end of a Charmander's tail is alight with a flame, and the flame's size reflects both the physical health and the emotions of the individual. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail. If the flame were to ever go out, the Charmander would die. When Charmander receives enough experience from battles, it evolves into Charmeleon (at level 16 in the video games), and later Charizard. With the help of the Mega Stone, it can further Mega Evolve into Mega Charizard X/Mega Charizard Y. The idea to feature Charmander and the other "Red" and "Blue" starters in a significant role in "Pokémon X" and "Y" came about a year and a half into the development of the games. The Mega Evolutions for the three Pokémon's final forms were created, and the designers decided that they should give players an opportunity to find one of these Pokémon in order to see their Mega Evolved. In the episode’’ battle aboard the Saint Anne “ Charmander is said to have soft skin.

Charmander is a starter Pokémon the player can choose from at the beginning of "Pokémon Red" and "Blue", and their remakes, "Pokémon FireRed" and "LeafGreen". Charmander and the other starters from "Red" and "Blue" are replaced by Pikachu in "Pokémon Yellow", the only starter available in it. Instead, they are each obtained from certain NPCs. In "Pokémon HeartGold" and "SoulSilver", as a reward from Professor Oak after defeating the final boss, Red, the player can choose from Bulbasaur, Charmander, and Squirtle. In "Pokémon X" and "Y", players can also choose between Bulbasaur, Charmander, and Squirtle near the start of the game shortly after having chosen the games' new starter Pokémon. It also appeared in "Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire", "" and "Pokémon Sword and Shield". Outside of the main series, Charmander has appeared in "Pokémon Go", "Hey You, Pikachu!", "Pokémon Snap", "Pokémon Puzzle League", the "Pokémon Mystery Dungeon" games, the "Pokémon Ranger" games, "Pokemon: Detective Pikachu", "", "Pokémon UNITE", "New Pokémon Snap", and other "Pokémon" games." A Pokémon" stage in "Super Smash Bros." called "Saffron City" features an area where various Pokémon pop out to try to attack players; one such Pokémon is a Charmander that sometimes uses Flamethrower.

In anime, Ash acquires a Charmander early in the series of Pokémon Origins. Ash's Charmander originally belonged to a trainer named Damian, who believed it was weak and cruelly abandoned it, telling it to stay on a rocky outcrop until he "returned." The Pokémon was very loyal to its trainer and risked its life sitting in the rain, waiting for a trainer who'd never come back to it. Ash, Brock, and Misty had to rush it to a Pokémon Center to keep it alive. Upon seeing Damian's true colors, Charmander joined Ash. It was immediately one of Ash's most used Pokémon, defeating such opponents as Koga's Golbat, Erika's Weepinbell, and helped capture Ash's Primeape. Charmander evolved into Charmeleon after a battle against an army of Exeggutor. His personality changed drastically, disobeying Ash and fighting only when and how he pleased.

In an anime adaption of , a Charmander and a female Chikorita work alongside a young boy who transformed into a Squirtle in helping fellow Pokémon.

In "" Charmander's behavior and personality are different compared to what was seen in the anime. In it, Charmander, when evolved into Charmeleon, leaps into Ash's arms for a hug and subsequently he recognizes Ash's authority, even when battling his former trainer, Cross. When he evolves into a Charizard, near the end of the film, he stays obedient to Ash and even saves Cross from the attacks of his Lycanroc.

In "the Electric Tale of Pikachu" manga, the circumstances in which Ash captures a Charmander appear to be different. While Damian appears, he was separated from his Charmander because he was injured, not because he abandoned it. At the end of the chapter, the two reunite. Despite this difference, Ash is still seen owning a Charmander, whose capture is not shown. Later in the manga, Ash's Charmander reappears as a Charizard.

In the "Pokémon Adventures" manga, Blue receives a Charmander from his grandfather Professor Oak. The blue team tried using it against Mew but failed and withdrew his Pokémon. It is later shown to have evolved into a Charmeleon. then a Charizard. Later, in the "Gold, Silver & Crystal" chapter, Blue team decides to trade his Charizard with Red team for a Gyarados. Nearing the end of the chapter, the Charizard is returned to him for a big battle. In the "Pokémon Pocket Monsters" manga series, Isamu Akai's rival Kai Midorikawa, chose Charmander as his starter Pokémon. Kai's Charmander is mischievous and has a rivalry with Isamu Akai's Clefairy.

In the online phenomenon known as Twitch Plays "Pokémon", the stream chose Charmander as Red's starter and named it "ABBBBBBK(", or "Abby" as it was commonly referred to. Abby was vital in defeating Brock and obtaining the Boulder Badge. Along its journey to Cerulean City, Abby evolved into a Charmeleon in the depths of Mt. Moon, securing it as Red's early-game muscle. Abby continued to prove itself by helping Red obtain the Cascade, Thunder, and Rainbow Badges. Unfortunately, during an unfortunate visit Saffron City's Pokemon Center, Abby was released into the wild and NEVER seen again.

Charmander appeared in the background of the movie "Detective Pikachu".

Since it appeared in the "Pokémon" series, Charmander has received generally positive reception. It has appeared in several pieces of merchandise, including figures, plush toys, and the "Pokémon Trading Card Game". It has been noted as a popular Halloween costume for the year of 1999. Also in 1999, it was speculated by analysts that Pokémon species, in particular Charmander and others, would become sought-after toys.

"IGN" readers ranked Charmander at #37 among the best Pokémon ever. "Game Informer"s O'Dell Harmon ranked Charmander - along with Bulbasaur and Squirtle - as the "third best" Pokémon. He noted that the choice between the three was "one of the most important decisions to ever be made in "Pokémon" history." "GamesTM" noted that Charmander was the "worst starting Pokémon" in "Red" and "Blue". In the book "Dragonlore: From the Archives of the Grey School of Wizardry", author Ash Dekirk described Charmander as a "fire-breathing dragon". Author Loredana Lipperini cited Charmander as a "popular Pokémon", suggesting that its popularity comes from its fiery tail. Author Mark Jacobson found the transition from Charmander to Charizard to be "odd", questioning how a "baby" Pokémon can grow into a "two-hundred-pound monster whose breath can melt boulders." "GamesRadar+" commented that while Charmander seems "pitiful" due to its flame tail, which "burn more brightly depending on his mood/health", it grows into the "cool-looking Charizard". GamesRadar editor Brett Elston stated that while it "lacks the nuances" of later similar starting Pokémon, it has "cutesy appeal" to it. "The Escapist" editor John Funk described Charmander as "cute", using its evolution into Charizard as an example of "an extreme evolutionary change" in the series. "Chicago Tribune" editor Darryl E. Owens described Charmander as "adorable". "San Antonio-Express News" editor Susan Yerkes described Charmander as "disgustingly cute". "Teen Ink" editor Kathryn J. called Charmander her "favorite Pokémon". Allegra Frank of Polygon said that Charmander is the best Pokémon of all time. Michael Derosa of "Screen Rant" ranked Charmander as ninth of the most iconic Pokémon from Generation I. Sam Loveridge of "Digital Spy" claimed that Charmander is one of the best Pokémon starters, and further stated that "not only is Charmander an adorable starter Pokémon, he's also ridiculously powerful." 

Charmander was among eleven Pokémon chosen as Japan's mascots in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.


Monty Python and the Holy Grail

Monty Python and the Holy Grail is the second movie made by Monty Python. It was made in 1974 and was very successful. It is still very popular, and considered one of the best comedy films ever made. It was also made into a musical called "Spamalot".

This is a comedy about King Arthur's search for the Holy Grail. He gathers a group of knights around him. They do not ride horses - instead, they clap coconut halves together, to make the sound of a horse galloping. They search for the grail, but keep on getting distracted by peasants (poor farmers) who want to talk about politics, or French knights insulting them.

The movie was made in Scotland.

Yen

The Japanese yen or en is the currency used in Japan. It is usually written with the romanised symbol ¥, but in Japanese it is written with the kanji 円. The coins are very light and range from ¥1 up to ¥500. The highest paper note value is ¥10000. The Japanese currency is the third most traded currency in the world.


If and only if

In logic and mathematics, if and only if (sometimes abbreviated as iff) is a logical operator denoting a logical biconditional (often symbolized by formula_1 orformula_2). It is often used to conjoin two statements which are logically equivalent. 

In general, given two statement A and B, the statement "A if and only if B" is true precisely when both A and B are true or both A and B are false. In which case, A can be thought of as the logical substitute of B (and vice versa).

An "if and only if" statement is also called a "necessary and sufficient condition". For example:


This makes it clear that Madison will eat all and only those fruits that are apples. She will not leave any apple uneaten, and she will not eat any other type of fruit. That a given fruit is an apple is both a "necessary" and a "sufficient" condition for Madison to eat the fruit.

Note that the truth table shown is also equivalent to the XNOR gate.


AppleTalk

Appletalk is a suite of protocols for computer networking. It allowed Apple Macintosh computers to connect one another. It also allowed a computer to use a printer connected to the network. Apple has switched from Appletalk to TCP/IP.

Miramax Films

Miramax Films is an American motion picture distribution and production company. It was headquartered in Los Angeles, California before being bought out by The Walt Disney Company.

It was created by the brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein in Buffalo, New York in 1979. The name comes from combining the first names of their parents "Max" and "Miriam". The company was created to distribute independent films which the major movie studio did not think were worth distributing.

The company's first success came when the Weinsteins teamed up with British producer Martin Lewis. They got the US rights to two concert movies of benefit shows for human rights organization Amnesty International. The Weinsteins worked with Lewis to combine the two movies into one movie. The movie "The Secret Policeman's Other Ball" was a successful release for Miramax in the summer of 1982.

Among the company's most well known movies as distributors were "The Crying Game", "sex, lies, and videotape", "Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!" and "Scandal". The company also made movies such as "Pulp Fiction" and "Shakespeare In Love"
Miramax also produced many movies which made a lot of money. The company became one of the leaders of the independent film revolution of the 1990s. It produced or distributed seven movies that made more than $100 million at the box office. Its most successful movie, "Chicago", earned more than $300 million.
In 1993, The Walt Disney Company bought Miramax for $80 million. Harvey and Bob Weinstein ran Miramax until they left the company on September 30, 2005. The Weinstein brothers ran Miramax separately of other Disney companies. However, Disney had the final say on what Miramax could release.

Miramax also has a family films division, Miramax Family Films.

Miramax is one of the Big Ten movie studios.

In 2011, Disney sold the Miramax library of movies to Filmyard Holdings for $663 million. After the sale, Miramax signed home video distribution deals with Lionsgate, Echo Bridge and .StudioCanal.

In 2016, Miramax was sold to beIN Media Group. In 2019, beIN sold 49 percent of Miramax to Paramount Pictures, which will distribute all of Miramax's movies.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

For films produced and distributed by Dimension Films, the genre arm of the Weinstein brothers' Miramax Films (1992–2005), see List of films released by Dimension Films

This is a selected list of feature films originally released and/or distributed by Miramax. Dates are US release dates.



Western States 100

The Western States 100 is a 100 mile race that is held each July in California's Sierra Nevada Mountains. It is the oldest regularly run ultramarathons. It is considered by some to be the most difficult. Some of the best runners ever to compete in the Western States 100 race are Scott Jurek and Tim Twietmeyer.

Scott Jurek

Scott Jurek (b. October 26, 1973) is an famous runner who lives in Seattle, California. He is perhaps best known for running the difficult Western States 100 Mile Race seven years in a row. He has also won the Badwater Ultramarathon the past two years.

Badwater Ultramarathon

The Badwater Ultramarathon is a race run from the lowest point in North America to the trail head of Mt. Whitney. It is 135 miles in very high heat.

Austria-Hungary

Austria-Hungary or the Austro-Hungarian Empire was a state in Central Europe from 1867 to 1918. It was the countries of Austria and Hungary ruled by a single monarch. This also included the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia as a constituent kingdom. The full name of the empire was "The Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Crown of St. Stephen".

The dual monarchy replaced the Austrian Empire (1804–1867). It started with the compromise between the ruling Habsburg dynasty and the Hungarians. It was an empire made up of many different ethnic groups and was a great power. It found its political life full of arguments between the eleven main national groups. It had great economic growth through the age of industrialization. It also saw social changes with many liberal and democratic reforms.

The Habsburg dynasty ruled as emperors of Austria over the western and northern half of the country and as kings of Hungary over the Kingdom of Hungary. The Kingdom of Hungary had some ability to govern itself. It also had a say in things that affected both it and the rest of the empire. This was mainly foreign relations and defense.

The empire had two capital cities: Vienna in Austria and Budapest in Hungary. Austria-Hungary was the second largest country in Europe (after the Russian Empire). It had the third most people (after Russia and the German Empire). Austria) is cool.

The "Ausgleich" or compromise of February 1867 created the Empire's dualist structure. The Austrian Empire (1804–67) had lessened in strength and in power. This was because of the Austro–Sardinian War of 1859 and the Austro–Prussian War of 1866. Also, the Hungarian people were not happy with how Vienna treated them. This had been going on for many years and it led to Hungarian separation. This included the Hungarian liberal revolution of 1848–49.

Emperor Franz Joseph tried to reach an agreement with the Hungarian nobility. He needed their support to keep the empire together. The Hungarian nobility would not accept anything less than equality between themselves and the Austrian elites.

Hungary and Austria had different parliaments. Each had its own prime minister. The monarch kept the two working together. He had absolute power in theory but very little in reality. The monarch’s central government had charge of foreign policy, the customs union and the armed forces. The empire had a navy and three armies: an Austrian army, a Hungarian army, and the larger "common" army. 

The deaths of Franz Joseph's brother, Maximilian I of Mexico (1867), and his only son, Crown Prince Rudolf, made the Emperor's nephew, Franz Ferdinand, next in line to the crown. On 28 June, 1914, the heir visited the Bosnian capital, Sarajevo. Bosnian Serb militants of the group Mlada Bosna attacked Franz Ferdinand's motorcade and assassinated him.

Some members of the government, such as Conrad von Hötzendorf had wanted to fight the Serbian nation for many years. The leaders of Austria-Hungary decided to attack Serbia before it could start a revolt. They used the assassination as an excuse. They gave Serbia a list of ten demands called the July Ultimatum. They expected Serbia would not accept. Serbia accepted nine of the ten demands but only partially accepted the other one. Austria-Hungary declared war.

These events brought the Empire into conflict with Serbia. Russia moved its army to help Serbia. This set off troop movements on both sides and started World War I.

By 1918, it was obvious that the Allied powers would win. Nations began declaring their independence from Austria-Hungary as the government of the empire began to collapse. The following nations were created from the territories of Austria-Hungary:
Some nations only got part of their lands from the Empire. These include:

Some Austro-Hungarian lands were also given to Romania and Italy. 

Wisdom

Wisdom is knowing things that help a person to live sensibly and make good decisions. Wisdom is defined differently by many cultures. Some say that wisdom is something a person learns as they grow older. Other cultures expect people to complete certain rituals in order to get wisdom.

If someone has wisdom, they are called wise. Most cultures from the past have had special people who were supposed to be wise. People asked them for advice when they had problems because they knew things that ordinary people did not know or could not know. They were often called "sages".

There are many stories in Western culture in which the owl of Athena or Minerva is supposed to be a wise bird.

Skate (fish)

"For the act of skating, see skating."

Skates are cartilaginous fish. They are the family Rajidae in the order Rajiformes. They are chondrichthyes, and closely related to the rays. There are more than 200 species in 27 genera.

There are two subfamilies, the hardnose skates and the softnose skates.

Skates are a bit like stingrays (they are in the same group), but they are usually smaller with shorter, thicker tails. There is also a difference: skates do not have stings. Instead, their tails are thicker, with small "thorns" along the edges. At the base of the tail is a set of extra fins.

Skates and rays are also different in the way the give birth. Most rays are ovoviviparous (the eggs develop inside a mother's body), but skates lay their eggs. This means they are oviparous.

Roger Moore

Sir Roger George Moore (14 October 1927 – 23 May 2017) was an English actor and a UNICEF ambassador. He is probably the most well known for playing fictional spy James Bond in seven movies from 1973 to 1985. He played James Bond more times than any other actor. He was also well known for playing Simon Templar in the television show "The Saint". He began his career by becoming a male model.

Moore was the only child of policeman, George Moore, and housewife, Lilian "Lily". He attended Battersea Grammar School, but was evacuated to Holsworthy, Devon, during the Second World War. He was then educated at Dr Challoner's Grammar School in Amersham, Buckinghamshire. He then attended the College of the Venerable Bede at the University of Durham, but never graduated. Moore served in the Royal Army Service Corps, commanding a small depot in West Germany.

Moore left his first wife, skater Doorn Van Steyn, for singer Dorothy Squires. Squires was 12 years older than him. She was also, at that time, much more famous than he was. They lived together for a short time in Dafen, Llanelli, South Wales. While making a movie in Italy in 1961, Moore left Squires for Italian actress Luisa Mattioli. Moore has a daughter and two sons with Mattioli. Moore ended this marriage in 1993. His current marriage is to the Danish-Swedish multi-millionaire Kristina 'Kiki' Tholstrup.

When Moore married Kiki Tholstrup, he began spending winters in Crans-Montana, Valais (Switzerland) and summers at his apartment in Monaco.

In 1999, Moore was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE), and advanced to Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) on 14 June 2003. He was proud the honor was for his charity work rather than his acting.

On 11 October 2007, three days before he turned 80, Moore was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Moore's Star was the 2,350th star. It is appropriately located at 7007 Hollywood Boulevard.

In 2008, the French Government appointed Moore a Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.

His autobiography "My Word is My Bond" was published the same year.

Melbourne Cup

The Melbourne Cup is Australia's major horse race. It happens once a year. People say it is "The race that stops a nation", it is for horses three-years-old and over, and it is 3200 metres long. The event has been held on the first Tuesday in November since 1861 (except on one year during the Second World War) by the Victoria Racing Club, on the Flemington Racecourse in Melbourne. Many people say it is the most important "two-mile" horse race in the world.

The race was first held over two miles, about 3,218 metres, but after Australia changed to the metric system in 1972 it was changed to 3,200 metres. This made it 61 ft 6in shorter, and Rain Lover's 1968 race record of 3min.19.1sec was changed to 3min.17.9sec. Now, the record holder is the 1990 winner Kingston Rule with a time of 3min 16.3sec.

The race starts at 3.00pm Melbourne (AEST) time.

The event is one of the most popular events to watch in Australia. Over 110,000 people attend the race. Some people dress in traditional formal raceday clothing. Other people dress in different kinds of strange and amusing costumes,
In 2005 a total of 383,784 race fans went to the Melbourne Cup Carnival annual event 

Seventeen horses raced in the first Melbourne Cup in 1861. The prize was a gold watch and 170 pounds cash. Some people say Archer (the winner) walked 800 km to the course from Nowra, New South Wales. However, it is possible he travelled by ship. Four thousand people watched the race.

Archer won again the next year. However, because the owner's application form arrived late the next year, Archer was unable to try for a third cup. Many owners boycotted (did not race in protest) the race, so it started with only seven horses. That is the smallest number in the history of the cup.

The winner of the Melbourne Cup last year was Rekindling, from Great Britain.

'Fashions On The Field' is a major focus of the day. Raceday fashion sometimes draws almost as much attention as the race itself. The miniskirt received worldwide attention when model Jean Shrimpton wore one on Derby Day during Melbourne Cup week in 1965.

In Melbourne, the race day is a public holiday. In the rest of Australia most people watch the race on television and gamble. Some people bet at the TAB (the Australian betting office). Other people bet in workplace cup "sweeps". (In "sweeps" each person pays a small amount [e.g. $3] and draws a random horse. First, second, and third place then share the money.) In 2000 it was estimated that 80 percent of the adult Australian population placed a bet on the race that year.

Betting on the Melbourne Cup has become more and more popular over the years, with one time a year punters having a crack at picking the winning horse.

King Philip's War

King Philip's War (Metacom's War) was a war between Native Americans and English colonists. King Philip's War was fought between 1675 and 1676 in the area of the United States that is now New England.

When the Pilgrims left England, they came to live in Massachusetts near the Indians. As more Puritans arrived, they needed more land and they took it. Metacom, or "King Philip" as he was called in English was the leader of one of the Wampanoag Pokanoket tribes. His father had made a treaty with the English.

The English began to fear the power of the natives. The two sides accused each other of violating the treaty and preparing for war. John Wussausmon was Christian convert and a trader. He told the English that Philip was preparing an alliance to attack them. When he was found dead, the English executed three Indians for his murder, and people on both sides became more angry. Philip brought together a large force of Indians and attacked the Puritan settlements. The resulting war was large. The Indians lost and thousands of them died but not before the whole countryside suffered much loss. Many towns burned and every inhabitant was enveloped some way in the conflict. When King Philip was killed by a native, his head was cut off by Benjamin Church to be brought back to Plymouth. 500 Indians were also taken prisoner and made slaves.

Lip balm

Lip balm is a product which is put on lips so they will not dry when a person is outside in the sun and wind. Lip balm is usually made from petrolatum. Some types of lip balm also include sunscreen to protect the lips from sunburn. Lip balm comes in tubes and small pots with screw-on lids. Lip balm is often used during the winter, because the cold winter winds can dry out a person's lips so that they are cracked and hurting (this is called having "chapped" lips).

Coprophagia

Coprophagia is the eating of faeces. Many animals eat faeces, either their own or that of other animal groups. It is particularly common in dogs and puppies of about six months old, but little is known why; lack of stimulus and variety in the lifestyle or diet have been cited as potential reasons.
Adding pineapple to their food is a well recognized solution for many dogs. Humans do it only on rare occasions and it is looked down upon in society. Eating one's feces can also spread disease.

Frankenwald

The Frankenwald (roughly translates to Franconian forest) is a mountain range. It is in the district of Oberfranken in Bavaria. It connects the Fichtelgebirge to the Thuringian forest. It is a long forested plateau. The hills in the plateau form a watershed between the Rhine and the Elbe rivers. 

It was settled in the 13th century. The main branches of industry were porcelain-making, forestry, and the production of charcoal. Rafts were built to get the wood into the larger cities, along the Main river, and the Rhine. First, the people setlted on the plateau. They cut down some forest, and settled in the clearing that was created that way. A well preserved example of such a setltlement is Wilhelmsthal. Only at a later date did people settle in the valleys.

In the Frankenwald, the following landscapes are prevalent:


Rapid transit

Rapid transit is the name for a type of railway which has trains that run very often and carry many passengers at one time. It is usually in a city or urban area and takes people in and out of it. Unlike buses (all types: Coach bus, Offroad bus, Training bus, Gyrobus, Low-floor bus, High-floor bus, Bi-articulated bus, Police bus, Guided bus, Hybrid bus, Type A School bus, Type B School bus, Type C School bus, Type D School bus, Shuttle bus, Neighborhood bus, Single-decker bus, Articulated bus, Minibus, Minicoach, Double-decker bus, Single-decker bus, and Low-floor bus) or trams. Trains go between places very quickly because they do not mix with other traffic. Most rapid transit railways do not have level crossings, but the tracks go over and under other roads, or run in tunnels or over bridges, so they do not meet.

Many places call their rapid transit system a metro. Other words for rapid transit, which vary around the world, are subway, underground, tube, elevated, or heavy rail. These words sometimes describe how the system is built: some systems are completely below or above ground, while others may have both below-ground and above-ground sections.

A single rapid transit system can have many lines that go to different places and many stations where people can get on and off trains. They often have stations where people can change from one line to another to go in a different direction, or change between other forms of public transport. These stations are called interchange stations, and many of the biggest rapid transit systems have several of these stations.

Many people consider the oldest rapid transit system of any kind to be the Metropolitan Railway in London, the capital of the United Kingdom. The first part of what would eventually become the London Underground started building in 1860, and the first part was opened in 1863. The first underground trains were powered by locomotives that burned coal, and the smoke made many people suffer from choking in the tunnels. Later trains on the line ran on electric power. This line, now part of the Metropolitan line, is still running today. Another railway line in London, the City and South London Railway, was the first rapid transit line to use trains that run on electricity. This opened in 1890 and today is part of the Northern line. Several more underground railways were built in London, and today the Underground, which is called the "tube" for its small trains and tunnels, has eleven lines, some of which run on track that is also used by National Rail trains.

The next two cities to build rapid transit lines were Budapest, Hungary (whose first metro line opened in 1896) and Glasgow, Scotland whose "Subway" also opened in 1896. Soon, many other big cities in Europe were building metro lines, including Berlin, Germany (Berlin U-Bahn); Paris, France (Paris Métro); and Moscow, Russia (Moscow Metro). A number of Paris Métro lines use trains that have rubber tires along with wheels made of steel; this helps the trains run better and smoother especially on steep gradients. Montreal's metro system is also like this, along with some people mover systems, which carry fewer people than rapid transit.

The first subway in North America was in Boston. Building started in 1895 and the first section was opened in 1897. The tunnels for this subway are still used by the Green Line of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, which has since built some other subways. In 1904, the New York City Subway opened, serving New York City. It quickly grew and soon became one of the largest in the world. It still has the most stations of any rapid transit system, with over 400. Several more cities in the United States and Canada built subways, including Philadelphia (operated by SEPTA); Los Angeles (operated by METRO); Montreal Metro in Montreal, Toronto Subway in Toronto and the Vancouver SkyTrain in Vancouver, Canada.

Although most rapid transit systems are built in underground tunnels, there are some lines which have been built above the street. These "elevated" lines are cheaper to build than subways since no tunneling is required. A well-known mostly elevated rapid transit system is the Chicago 'L' serving Chicago since 1892. The New York City Subway also has many elevated sections. The Bay Area Rapid Transit system in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Washington Metro in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, two of the newer rapid transit systems built in the US, began running in 1972 and 1976, in that order. Although these last two systems have long sections of track without stations and run mostly above ground, in some places in the median strip of highways all the lines travel through subways in the inner cities.

The first subway in South America opened in the Argentine capital of Buenos Aires in 1913 (the Buenos Aires Underground). The oldest trains on the Underground were used for almost one hundred years, and were not replaced with new cars until 2013. Other cities in Latin America with rapid transit include São Paulo, Brazil (São Paulo Metro); Santiago, Chile (Santiago Metro); and Mexico City, Mexico (Mexico City Metro). Trains in Santiago and Mexico City are like Paris and Montreal as they are rubber-tired. Although there are not as many cities with rapid transit railways as there are in Europe or other places, many large cities operate bus rapid transit networks, which carry many people like railways and often have their own lane on roads, but use buses instead of trains. These systems are often designed to be converted into rail-based rapid transit in the future.

The first subway in Asia was the subway in Tokyo, Japan. The first section, part of the Ginza Line, was opened in 1927. Now, there are 13 lines run by two different companies (Tokyo Metro and Toei Subway), and many trains on these lines, called "through trains", run directly onto regular Japanese railways. Many other cities in Japan have subways of their own, like Osaka, Kyoto, and Nagoya. In China, the first subway, Beijing Subway, opened in Beijing in 1969. Other cities in China began to build subways, including Tianjin, Shanghai, and Guangzhou. These systems, especially Beijing with its 18 lines, are some of the largest and longest in the world. The Shanghai Metro had only one line when it opened in 1993, but today has 19. Both the Beijing and Shanghai systems have over 500 kilometers of track. Other cities in Asia with big subway systems are Taipei, Taiwan (Taipei Metro), Seoul, South Korea (Seoul Metropolitan Subway); Delhi, India (Delhi Metro); and Singapore (MRT). Three of Singapore's MRT lines, along with three smaller LRT lines, are automatically operated without a driver. A few more metro systems that run this way are London's Docklands Light Railway; the SkyTrain in Vancouver, Canada; and the Dubai Metro serving Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.

Africa does not have many cities with rapid transit. Among those that have one, the oldest is in Cairo, Egypt (Cairo Metro), in use since 1987. Some cities in South Africa, though, have commuter rail networks with trains that come at high frequencies like rapid transit. Australia was the last continent to have a rapid transit system, although its biggest cities already have large commuter rail networks, some of which run in tunnels like rapid transit. The first ever rapid transit system in Australia opened in Sydney (Sydney Metro) in 2019. It also uses driverless trains.


Municipality

A municipality is a word used for a city, a town or a village, or a small group of them. It has a clearly defined territory, and all the people living on that territory share one common local government.

In most countries, a municipality is the smallest administrative subdivision to have its own democratically elected representative leadership. A municipality is usually governed by a mayor and a city or municipal council. The municipality can be created as a municipal corporation.

The word used may be "commune" (for example, French "commune", Italian "comune" or Swedish "kommun"), canton, district, civil parish or borough

Order

Order has many meanings or uses:









Friedrichshafen

Friedrichshafen is a city in Germany. It is at the north shore of the Lake of Constance. It is the second largest city at the lakeside, after Konstanz. About 58,000 people live there. The city is famous for having one of the first Zeppelins.

Zeppelin

A Zeppelin is a type of airship. Airships are aircraft that float in air, because they are filled with a lightweight gas. A Zeppelin is a dirigible, which means it is a rigid airship, but can be moved around by itself. It was developed by Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin, in the early 20th century. The name Zeppelin is now used as a common name for all rigid airships. Zeppelins were used in the First World War. In the Second World War the Nazis largely used them for propaganda purposes.

One of the most well-known Zeppelins was the LZ 129 Hindenburg, which caught fire on May 6, 1937, during a landing after a non-stop trip from Germany to New Jersey in the United States. After this, Zeppelin passenger service came to a stop. The LZ 130 Graf Zeppelin was still in use, although some modifications had to be made. Early the Second World War the remaining Zeppelins were demolished so their metal could be used for other things. 

Plans have been proposed, to use Zeppelins to lift heavy weights. Some are used as tourist attractions, or for advertising.

666

666 was a common year in the western calendar, as counted Anno Domini.



Stanza

A stanza is a related group of lines or verses in a poem. A stanza also can be a verse in paragraph form. They can keep on going without punctuation. It may also be a line in a poem.

Two most important features of a stanza is the number of lines and the rhyme scheme. There are many kinds of stanza. 


An Italian sonnet consists of two four-line stanzas and two three-line stanzas:


A French ballad is composed of three eight-line stanzas and a four-line one:


Some stanzas are named after poets, who invented or often used them. An example is Sapphic stanza that was named after famous Greek woman poet Sappho.

Joseph Berg Esenwein, Mary Eleanor Roberts, "Art of Versification". Revised edition. Springfield: 1920.

Nanga Parbat

Nanga Parbat is a mountain in Gilgit-Baltistan, between Chilas and Astore. It is the ninth highest mountain in the world. It is above sea level. Nanga Parbat means "Naked Mountain". In 1953, an Austrian German named Hermann Buhl was the first to climb it.

Nanga Parbat is in the west of the Himalayas, and is the most western of the mountains higher than eight thousand meters. It lies just south of the Indus River, in the Astore District of the Northern Areas in the region of Kashmir. Not far to the north is the western end of the Karakoram mountains.

Nanga Parbat is the highest peak in the Nanga Parbat Range. The range covers an area of in length and in width. In the east it joins the Pir Panjal Range.

The steep incline of its peak that rises above the ground far below makes Nanga Parbat a difficult and dangerous climb. Many deaths in the mid and early 20th century gave it the nickname of "killer mountain".


Cheema

Cheema (Shahmukhi: چیمہ, : ਚੀਮਾ) (also spelled Chima) is a typical group of people of the Jatt clan confederation found in India and Pakistan 'they are originated from rajput '(In the world any family of Cheema they must be connected to the Sialkot sub-city Sahowala, Balochak Because this is the beginning place of Jutt Cheemas)"' who are also known as warriors. Jaat's are a large and important group in Punjab. Cheema's are one of the few major subclans of Jats. They speak Punjabi, and usually own vast farmlands. The majority of Cheema clans who are Muslims are found in West Punjab (Pakistan), and many who are Sikhs are found in East Punjab (India).

The Cheema tribe was called "Shaka" in India, from the name Saka used by the Persians. From the time of the Mahabharata wars (1500-500 BC) Shakas were mentioned many times in texts like the Puranas, the Manusmriti, the Ramayana, the Mahabharata, the Mahabhasiya of Patanjali, the Brhat Samhita of Vraha Mihira, the Kavyamimamsa, the Brihat-Katha-Manjari, the Katha-Saritsagara, and many other old texts. it is believed that there are three Royal Families of Jatt in every Punjab. In Indian Punjab, there are the (Cheema, Grewal, and Gill) "Sikh Jatts" And the Royal Families of the Pakistani Punjab are (Chattha, Cheema, and Warraich) "Muslim Jutts".

The Vanaparava of the Mahabharata has a prophecy saying that the kings of the Shakas, Yavanas, Kambojas, Bahlikas, and Abhiras shall rule unrighteously in Kaliyuga (MBH 3/188/34-36).

Alexander overran the Achaemenid Empire in 331 BC and marched into what is now Afghanistan with an army of 50,000. His scribes do not mention Gandhara or Kamboja; instead, they name twelve small countries in those territories. This means that Gandhara and/or Kamboja must not have been very great kingdoms in the late 4th century BC. In 326 BC, most of these twelve or so countries that used to be in the Gandhara Kamboja Mahajanapadas were conquered by the Macedonian conqueror.

Alexander invited all the chieftains of the former satrapy of Gandhara to come to him and submit to his authority. Ambhi, ruler of Taxila, whose kingdom extended from the Indus to the Hydaspes (Jhelum), complied. After confirming him in his satrapy, Alexander marched against the Sakas (Cheemas are considered to be decadents of the Sakas) and Kamboja highlanders of the Kunar also Swat valleys known in Greek texts as Aspasios and Assakenois (q.v.) and in Indian texts as Ashvayana and Ashvakayana (names referring to their equestrian nature), who had refused to submit to Alexander. The "Ashvayan", "Ashvakayan", Kamboja and allied Saka clans offered tough resistance to the invader and fought him to a man. When worse came to worst, even the Ashvakayan women took up arms and joined their menfolk on the field, thus preferring "" a glorious death to a life of dishonor"".

Thereafter, Alexander marched east to the Hydaspes, where Porus, ruler of the kingdom between the Hydaspes (Jhelum) and the Akesines (Chenab) refused to submit to him. The two armies fought the historic Battle of the Hydaspes River on the riverbank outside the town of Nikaia (near the modern city of Jhelum). Porus's army fought bravely but was no match for Alexander's. When the defiant Raja (though wounded and having lost his sons) was brought before Alexander, a legendary conversation took place in which Alexander inquired of Porus, "How should I treat you?", the brave Porus shot back, "The way a king treats another king." Alexander was struck by his spirit. He not only returned the conquered kingdom to Porus but added the land lying between the Akesines (Chenab) and the Hydraotis (Ravi), whose ruler had fled. Alexander's army crossed the Hydraotis and marched east to the Hesidros (Beas), but there his troops refused to march further east, and Alexander turned back, following the Jhelum and the Indus to the Arabian Sea, and sailing to Babylon.

In the middle of the 2nd century BC, the Yuezhi tribe of modern China moved westward into Central Asia, which, in turn, caused the Sakas (Scythians) to move west and south. The Northern Sakas, also known as the Indo-Scythians, moved first into Bactria, and later crossed the Hindu Kush into India, successfully wresting power from the Indo-Greeks. They were followed by the Yuezhi, who was known in India as the Kushans or Kushanas. The Kushanas founded a kingdom in the 1st century that lasted for several centuries. Both the Indo-Scythians and the Kushans embraced Buddhism, and absorbed elements of Indo-Greek art and culture into their own. Another Central Asiatic people to make Punjab their home were the Hephthalites (White Huns), who engaged in continuous campaigns from across the Hindu Kush, finally establishing their rule in India in the fifth century.

The "Chach Nama" is a romantic work influenced by the 13th-century history, not a historical text of the 8th-century, states Asif, a historian and professor at Columbia University in New York City of Pakistani origin.

Many Jatt/Cheema were oppressed by Hindu king Raja Dahir who ruled over Punjab where the majority of the population followed Buddhism (Ram Swarup Joon: "History of the Jats", Rohtak, India (1938, 1967)). The Jat made strong alliances with the Muslim Arabs and hailed the conquest of Muhammad bin Qasim an Arab general. Muhammad bin Qasim defeated the Hindu Raja Dahir in alliance with Jats and other Buddhist Rajas. On his arrival at the town of Brahmanabad, between six and sixteen thousand men died in the ensuing battle. Buddhists and the Jat, Meds and Bhutto tribes hailed him as a rescuer from tyranny at the hands of "Chach" and his kin (regarded as Cusurpers of the Rai Dynasty).

Historian Baladhuri records the local sentiments upon Qasim's recall,

“people of Hind wept for Qasim and preserved his likeness at Karaj”.

While the “Chach-Nama” notes the following as highlights of Qasim’s rule:
As the Chach-Nama is a non-reliable and non-contemporary source of history, it has no authenticity and it holds no historical value (According to Pakistani Origin historian Dr. Asif)

The rulers before Islam were: Siharus, Sahasi II, Chach, Dahir. The first two were Buddhist Jatt, and the last two were Hindu jatt. The new Brahmin rulers were not friendly to the many Buddhists in Sind at that time, and they were cruel to the Jats and Meds, who were most of the peasants. Bad conditions were put on the Jats and they lost many civil rights. "When Chach, the Brahmin chamberlain who usurped the throne of Chach King went to Brahmanabad, he enjoined upon the Jats and Lohanas not to carry swords, avoid velvet or silken cloth, ride horses without saddles and walk about bare-headed and bare-footed". It was because of this background that Muhammad bin Qasim received cooperation from the Buddhists as well as the Jats and Meds during his campaign in Sind ("An advanced history of India" by Ramesh Chandra Majumdar; Hemchandra Raychaudhuri; Kalikinkar Datta Delhi: Macmillan India, 1973).

In fact, he was hailed as a deliverer by several sections of the local population. The position of the Buddhists in Sind seeking support from outside can be read in the Chach Nama.

Mohammad Bin Qasim came as a deliverer for the ancient tribes of Jats and Meds and he defeated the oppressing King of Sindh. From then the war between Buddhists and Hindus saw another contender whose future followers of the monotheistic Islamic faith would change the history of India forever.

The Cheema clan hold the largest number of Political seats in the National Assembly of Pakistan and Senate of Pakistan in Punjab,

This Cheema family has had a large number of Civil servants, Judges, Police officials, Federal Ministers, and Provincial Ministers, and even a President of Pakistan. Many Cheemas have immigrated, establishing successful careers in aid agencies, and armies amongst other professionals. Cheema has a very strong political control in many districts such as Gujranwala. Cheema is the owner of many rice and floor mills such as Ghulam Haider Cheema from Aroop used to have the biggest rice and floor business in Pakistan.

Late Sardar (Captain) Autar Singh Cheema was first Pakistan-born but an Indian national to climb the highest peak of the world Mount Everest on 20th May 1965. He belonged to and after retiring from active service in the Indian army lived in his ancestral village at Chak Sri Ganganagar in Rajasthan India.

Many Cheemas have now settled in England after participating in both WW1 and WW2 Indian army for British forces. Mostly misled for thinking they would get the freedom of India at the end of the war. Approximately 1.3 million Indian soldiers served in World War One - and more than 74,000 of them died.

The Cheema Clan located in Nurmahal (Cheema Kalan and Cheema Kurd) is situated on the lands of former Noor Jahan (The Persian Queen) the twentieth and last wife of the Mughal emperor Jahangir. The Queen's secret underground passageways are located on the Cheema land now. Most of the Cheema lands located in Nurmahal were gifted to the Cheema clan for their bravery, hard work, and centuries of dedication in the Indian Armed forces and Navy.

Cheema Clans are found World Wide now including; America, Canada, England, and Australia

The Udyogaparava of the Mahabharata "(5/19/21-23)" tells us that the composite army of the Kambojas, Yavanas, and Shakas participated in the Mahabharata war under the command of Sudakshina Kamboja. The epic repeatedly says this composite army was very fierce and wrathful.

Mahabharata, too similarly groups the Shakas with the Kambojas and Yavanas and states that they were original noble Kshatriyas but got degraded to "vrishala" status on account of their non-observance of the sacred Brahmanical codes.

Manusmriti places the Shakas with the Kambojas, Yavanas, Pahlavas, Paradas and labels them all as degraded Kshatriyas (Holy Warriors) defying the Brahmanical codes and rituals.

In the "Puranas Darada" the Jatt sub-tribes have been called degrading terms such as Rakshasas (demons) not having darshan of the Brahmin.

Cheema is most numerous in the Amritsar district. There are also 42 villages in the Patiala district. According to Cunningham, this area used to be called "Chima des" ("Des" or "Desh," in the Hindustani language and Punjabi language, which means "country"). Many people settled in Montgomery (Sahiwal) and Sandal Bar when the British ruled Punjab because of the construction of a large canal network in these areas. The Cheema also have few villages scattered across Rawalpindi, Bahawalpur, Amritsar, Gurdaspur, Jalandhar, NurMahal or Noor Mahal, Moga, Ludhiana, and Sangrur.

In the western Punjab plains, Cheema communities are not generally found past "Chaj Doab". In the eastern Punjab plains, they are not were found past the Sangrur district, until 1947, when many Sikh Cheemas moved from Sialkot and Gujranwala to settle in Village Chak 4e Sri Ganganagar in Rajasthan Patiala, Karnal, and Sirsa after the partition of the Punjab. Some families also moved afterward Udhamsingh nagar (Uttrakhand), Pilibhit, Puranpur, and Rampur (Utter Pradesh). This region is called Mini Punjab and the Terai Region.

In Pakistan, Sialkot and Gujranwal districts both have large Cheema populations with many Cheema villages, such as Chak 4e in Sri Ganganagar (Raj) Begowal, Verowala Cheema Jamke Cheema, Rehan cheema, badoky Cheema, Tajokay Cheema, Adamkay Cheema, Bhopalwala, Nishterabad, (Nishterabad village have only one family of Cheema Named Nazar Mohamad Cheema) Sahowala, Kamalpur, Manpur, and Lodikay Cheema, and in Gujranwal, Baddokey Cheema, Chak beg, Kot Inayat Khan, Delawar Cheema, Saroki Cheema, Bharoki Cheema,Varoki Cheema, Mansorwali Cheema, Ratti Thatt, Bankay Cheema, Kathor, Kalay Wala, Kheway Wali, Wadala Cheema, Phaloki Cheema, Marday Ki and Chabba Cheema. In Rawalpindi district, there is a village near Gujar Khan which is named Sui Cheemian and it has a substantial population of Cheema's.

In southern Punjab, Bahawalpur and Yazman have considerable numbers of Cheema families, in great enough numbers that the area elects more than a dozen cabinet members.

In India, the Rupnagar and Mohali districts of the Punjab state have large Cheema populations with many Cheema villages, such as Salora.


K2

K2 is the second-highest mountain in the world, at tall. It is also known as Mount Godwin-Austen or Chidori. K2 is part of the Karakoram mountain range, and is found in the border between Pakistan and China. The name, 'K2' came from the first survey of Karakoram range. In the survey, surveyors named each mountain with a 'K' and a number after that. 

K2 is known as the '"Savage Mountain"' and is thought to be harder to climb than Mount Everest, the highest mountain in the world. It has the second-highest accidental death rate among the 8,000-metre mountains. One person dies for every four who reach the top. As of 2011, only 300 people have climbed to the top of the mountain, and at least 80 of them have died trying to climb it.For both situations, K2 has been climbed during the winter and summer.

The top of the mountain was first reached in 1954, by Italian climbers and .

The name K2 was first used by the Great Trigonometrical Survey of British India. Thomas Montgomerie made the first survey of the Karakoram range from Mount Harmukh. The mountain was to the south of K2. At the time, he sketched the two most prominent peaks and called them K1 and K2.

The rule of the Great Trigonometrical Survey was to use local names for mountains when possible. K1 was locally known as Masherbrum. K2, however, appeared not to have a local name. The reason was probably its remoteness. It cannot be seen from Askole, the last village to the south, or from the nearest village to the north. It is believed few local people saw K2 from where it is visible. People think that the name '"Chogori'" is the rightful local name for K2. '"Chogori"' comes from two Balti words, "chhogo" ("big") and "ri" ("mountain") (ཆོགོ་རི།) There is not much evidence for its widespread use, however. It may have been invented by Western explorers. It does form the basis for the name "Qogir" () which the Chinese government uses as the official name of the mountain.

As the mountain did not have a local name, the name "Mount Godwin-Austen" was suggested. This was in honor of Henry Godwin-Austen who had been an early explorer of the area. While the name was rejected by the Royal Geographical Society, it was used on several maps and is still used.To this day, the mountain is still known as K2. This name now exists in the Balti language as "Kechu" or "Ketu" (ཀེ་ཆུ།). The Italian climber stated that while the name K2 came by chance, is was good for the mountain. He said:

The mountain was first surveyed by a European team in 1856. Team member Thomas Montgomerie first called the mountain K2. The other mountains were originally named K1, K3, K4, and K5, but were later changed to local names. In 1892, Martin Conway led a British expedition that made it to the Baltoro Glacier.

The first real attempt to climb K2 was made in 1902 by an Anglo-Swiss expedition. It took fourteen days for them to reach the foot of the mountain. After five attempts, the team only made it to .

The next expedition was in 1909. It was led by the Italian Prince Luigi Amedeo, Duke of the Abruzzi. This team made it only to an elevation of on the Southeast Spur of the mountain. Not finding any other routes, the Duke said that K2 would never be climbed.

The next attempt was not made until 1938. At that time, American Charles Houston took an expedition to the mountain. They decided that the Abruzzi Spur was the best route and made it to a height of around .

In 1939, an American expedition led by Fritz Wiessner came within of the summit. It ended in disaster when four members died on the mountain.

Charles Houston tried again in 1953. The try was a failure due to a storm, which trapped the team for 10 days at . One climber died in the expedition. Many others nearly died in a mass fall but were saved by Pete Schoening.

Finally, in 1954, an Italian expedition made it to the summit. It was lead by geologist Ardito Desio. The two climbers to reach the top were Lino Lacedelli and Achille Compagnoni, at 6pm on 31 July 1954. One member of the expedition (Colonel Muhammad Ata-ullah of Pakistan) had been part of the 1953 American attempt as well. Other members were scientists, a doctor, a photographer, and others. Mario Puchoz died in the attempt. Two other members had to be hospitalized and one had to have his toes amputated due to frostbite.

The second success was not until 23 years after the first. It was a Japanese expedition lead by Ichiro Yoshizawa in 1977.

The third success was in 1978, and used a different route from the first two. This one was done by an American team, lead by James Whittaker.

Another notable success was in 1982, when a Japanese team climbed from the harder Chinese side of the mountain. The previous successes had been from the Pakistan side. The expedition was lead by Makoto Shinkai and Masatsugo Konishi. Three members of the team made it to the summit on 14 August. One of them, however, died on when coming down. Four other members made it to the summit the next day, on 15 August.

The first person to reach the summit twice was Czech climber Josef Rakoncaj. He was part of a 1983 Italian expedition that made the summit. Then three years later he made the summit again as part of an international expedition.

The first woman to reach the summit was Polish climber Wanda Rutkiewicz in 1986. Two other women reached the summit later that same day, but died when coming down.

In 1986, Benoit Chamoux used 23 hours to climb (from base camp) to the mountain top. He climbed without oxygen bottles.

In 2004, the Spanish climber Carlos Soria Fontán became the oldest person ever to summit K2, at the age of 65.

In 2018, Polish climber Andrzej Bargiel became the first person to ski down K2 after he made it to the top.

In 2022, Chhiring Sherpa climbed the mountain in 12 hours and 20 minutes. He used oxygen bottles.

Around 700 people have climbed (as of August 2022) to the summit of K2. 190 of those (climbs or) ascents, were in 2022.

Even though the summit of Everest is higher, K2 is much more difficult and dangerous climb. This is because of its worse weather. It is believed by many to be the world's most difficult and dangerous to climb. This is why it is nicknamed "The Savage Mountain".The popularity was mentioned of the Mount Everest, which is much higher than the popularity or vanity of K2. At least 80 (as of September 2010) people have died attempting the climb.

In August 2023, Pakistani authorities started to investigate the death of Mohammed Hassan. Media said that "dozens of climbers" that wanted "to reach the summit [or top of the mountain] had walked past the man after he was [...] injured in a fall." He died a few hours later on the mountain.

Video clips have been published by many news websites. Media says that video clips show climbers stepping or walking over the injured man without trying to help him.

Wilhelm Steindl, a mountain climber, said that "If I or any other Westerner [or people from the Western world] had been lying there, [then] everything would have been done to save them", and "Everyone would have had to turn back to bring the injured person back down to the valley".

Only one witness has talked with the police, according to media (August 15). He says that climbers were jumping and straddling over the injured porter that was dying on the path. (A porter is a person who carries things (or cargo) for others.)

The police of Gilgit-Baltistan are doing the investigation. The military and the department of tourism have jurisdiction where the porter died. Furthermore, the government of Gilgit-Baltistan created a committee (or group) of 5 people that have made a report. The report "will be made public" [...] "a few days after August 30. The report must be given [around August 23 or] within 15 days of August 7.


Respiration

Respiration is how nutrients change into useful energy in a cell. During respiration, energy is released in a form that can be used by cells. All living things respire. Both plant and animal cells use respiration to release energy from glucose.

There are two types of respiration. One is aerobic respiration and the other is anaerobic respiration. Aerobic respiration happens in the without presence of oxygen. Oxygen breaks down food (glucose) to release high amounts of energy. Anaerobic respiration happens in the presence of oxygen making lactic acid. During respiration in yeast and bacteria, oxygen is not involved in the oxidation of food. Food (glucose) is broken down into ethyl alcohol and carbon dioxide this is called anaerobic respiration. 


Some use oxygen to break down glucose completely into CO (Carbon dioxide) and HO (Water).

See these (in this order) for an outline of the biochemistry of aerobic respiration:

Kingsley Amis

Sir Kingsley William Amis (16 April 1922 – 22 October 1995) was an English novelist, poet, critic, and teacher. He wrote more than twenty novels, three collections of poetry, short stories, radio and television scripts, and books of social and literary criticism. He was the father of the British novelist Martin Amis.

Kingsley Amis was born in Clapham, South London, England. He went to school at the City of London School and St. John's College, Oxford. At Oxford, he met Philip Larkin and became friends. Amis served in the Royal Corps of Signals in the Second World War.

Amis was a fan of jazz music. He liked the American musicians Sidney Bechet, Henry "Red" Allen and Pee Wee Russell.

His first novel "Lucky Jim" was very successfull. The novel won the Somerset Maugham Award for fiction. "Lucky Jim" was the first English novel that focused on an ordinary man as anti-hero. As a poet, Amis was a part of The Movement (anti-romantic poetry).

As a young man, Kingsley Amis was a member of the Communist Party. He left them when the Soviet Union invaded Hungary in 1956. After that, Amis became anti-communist, and conservative. He talks about his political change in the essay "Why Lucky Jim Turned Right" (1967).

Amis was an atheist. Novels such as "The Green Man" and "The Anti-Death League" were about the personality of a divine being. They were also about its relationship to death and dying.

Amis's novel "The Old Devils" won the Booker Prize in 1986. He received a knighthood in 1990.

Amis was married. The first time in 1948 to Hilary Bardwell and then to novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard in 1965. He divorced Howard in 1983. Amis spent his last years living with his first wife and her third husband. He had two sons and a daughter. His younger son was novelist Martin Amis. Martin wrote about his father's life and decline in his memoir "Experience".

Amis' interest in science fiction led to "New Maps of Hell" (1960). It was about how he felt about science fiction in literature. He liked the stories of Frederik Pohl and C.M. Kornbluth. With the Sovietologist Robert Conquest, Amis produced the science fiction series "Spectrum" I–IV. This series got a lot of its ideas from the 1950s magazine "Astounding Science Fiction". He wrote three science fiction novels. "The Alteration" was an alternate history novel set in a twentieth-century Britain. "Russian Hide-and-Seek" was an alternate history where Russia had conquered Britain after the Second World War. He also wrote the supernatural-horror novel "The Green Man" which the BBC adapted for television.

Amis wrote books about Ian Fleming's James Bond. He wrote the popular "James Bond Dossier". Later, he wrote, "The Book of Bond, or, Every Man His Own 007". It was a tongue-in-cheek how-to manual about being a spy like Bond. He wrote it under the name "Lt Col. William 'Bill' Tanner". Tanner was M's Chief of Staff in many of the Bond novels.


69

69 is a year in the 1st century.




410s

The 410s was a decade that began on 1 January 410 and ended on 31 December 419.


340s

The 340s decade ran from January 1, 340, to December 31, 349.



Ferdinand II of Aragon

Ferdinand II the Catholic (, 10 March 1452 – 23 January 1516) was king of Aragon (1479–1516), Castile, Sicily (1468–1516), Naples (1504–1516), Valencia, Sardinia and Navarre and Count of Barcelona. His marriage to Isabella of Castile brought together most of the Iberian Peninsula as Spain and started its move to become a great power.

Ferdinand was the son of John II of Aragon by his second wife, the Aragonese noblewoman Juana Enriquez. He married Infanta Isabella, the sister by a different mother of Henry IV of Castile, on 19 October 1469 in Ocaña. He became Ferdinand V of Castile when Isabella succeeded her brother as Queen of Castile in 1474. The two young monarchs had to begin with a civil war against Juana, princess of Castile (also known as Juana la Beltraneja), who claimed to be the daughter of Henry IV. They won. Ferdinand succeeded his father as King of Aragon in 1479. This meant the Crown of Castile and the various territories of the Crown of Aragon were united in a personal union. For the first time since the 8th century this created a single political unit which came to be called Spain, although the various territories were not administered as a single unit until the 18th century.

The first decades of Ferdinand and Isabella's joint rule were taken up with the conquest of the Kingdom of Granada, the last Muslim bit of Al-Andalus. This was completed by 1492 and then the Jews were expelled from both Castile and Aragon. The royal couple sent Christopher Columbus on his expedition which discovered the New World. By the Treaty of Tordesillas of 1494, the extra-European world was split between the crowns of Portugal and Castile by a north-south line through the Atlantic Ocean.

Ferdinand was busy in the last decades of his life with the so-called Italian Wars. He was fighting with the Kings of France for control of Italy. In 1494, Charles VIII of France invaded Italy and expelled Ferdinand's cousin, Alfonso II, from the throne of Naples. Ferdinand's alliance with various Italian princes and with Emperor Maximilian I, expelled the French by 1496 and installed Alfonso's son, Ferdinand, on the Neapolitan throne. In 1501, following the death of Ferdinand II of Naples and his succession by his uncle Frederick, Ferdinand of Aragon signed an agreement with Charles VIII's successor, Louis XII. Louis had just successfully asserted his claims to the Duchy of Milan, and they agreed to partition Naples between them, with Campania and the Abruzzi, including Naples itself, going to the French and Ferdinand taking Apulia and Calabria. The agreement soon fell apart, and over the next several years, Ferdinand's great general Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba conquered Naples from the French, by 1504. Another less famous "conquest" took place in 1502, when Andreas Paleologus, de jure Emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire, left Ferdinand and Isabella as heirs to the empire, thus Ferdinand became de jure Roman Emperor. 

After Isabella's death, her kingdom went to her daughter Joanna. Ferdinand served as the her regent during her absence in the Netherlands, ruled by her husband Archduke Philip. Ferdinand attempted to retain the regency permanently, but was rebuffed by the Castilian nobility and replaced with Joanna's husband, who became Philip I of Castile. After Philip's death in 1506, with Joanna mentally unstable, and her and Philip's son Charles of Ghent only six years old, Ferdinand resumed the regency, ruling through Francisco Cardinal Jimenez de Cisneros, the Chancellor of the Kingdom.

In 1508, war resumed in Italy, this time against Venice. All the other powers on the peninsula, including Louis XII, Ferdinand, Maximilian, and Pope Julius II joined together against as the League of Cambrai. Although the French were victorious against Venice at the Battle of Agnadello, the League soon fell apart, as both the Pope and Ferdinand became suspicious of French intentions. Instead, the Holy League was formed, in which all the powers now joined together against France.

In November 1511 Ferdinand and his son-in-law Henry VIII of England signed the Treaty of Westminster, pledging mutual aid between the two against France. Earlier that year, Ferdinand had conquered the southern half of the Kingdom of Navarre, which was ruled by a French nobleman, and annexed it to Spain. At this point to reinforce his claim to the kingdom, Ferdinand remarried with the much younger Germaine of Foix (1490–1538), a granddaughter of Queen Leonor of Navarre. The Holy League was generally successful in Italy, as well, driving the French from Milan, which was restored to its Sforza dukes by the peace treaty in 1513. The French were successful in reconquering Milan two years later.

Ferdinand died in 1516 in Madrigalejo, Cáceres, Extremadura. He had made Spain the most powerful country in Europe. The succession of his grandson Charles, who inherited not only the Spanish lands of his maternal grandparents, but the Habsburg and Burgundian lands of his paternal family, would make his heirs the most powerful rulers on the continent. Charles succeeded him in the Aragonese lands, and was also granted the Castilian crown jointly with his insane mother, bringing about at long last the unification of the Spanish thrones under one head.

Ferdinand and Isabella had 5 children, Isabella of Asturias, Juan of Aragon, Joanna of Castile, Maria of Aragon, and Catherine of Aragon. Joanna and Catherine married with several European dynasties, setting the bases for the huge heritage of their grandson Charles V. His granddaughter was Queen Mary I of England.



Web 2.0

Web 2.0 () is what people call new ways of showing or using things on the Internet. 

Web 2.0 is considered beneficial because it is easy for people to publish their work, connect with other people, and share and exchange information.

To people who use the Internet, wikis and blogs are Web 2.0. Web 2.0 is mostly about user-generated and interactive content.

Before Web 2.0, Internet users could just read information on web pages. With Web 2.0, users can interact with the site and add information. In Web 1.0, the previous version, information was only written by the website author. 

The Internet technology which is used for web 2.0 is not different from the old Internet technology, but the ways people use the web (the Internet) has changed.

Some people think that Wikipedia is a great example of "Web 2.0". Many other famous websites, such as Facebook and Youtube, are considered Web 2.0 Websites.

The Broons

The Broons is a comic strip in the Scottish newspaper The Sunday Post. It is about a Scottish family with 11 members.

The strip is written in Scots.


Roman Republic

The Roman Republic was a phase in history of the Ancient Roman civilization. According to legend, the city of Rome was founded by Romulus in . It was a kingdom until 510 BC, when the last King, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus was overthrown. Then began the Roman Republic.

The Roman Republic was a civilization that was ahead of its time and very advanced. The Roman people elected "consuls", who ruled for about a year. Many of the ideas of the Roman Republic are still used today.

The Roman Republic got most of its wealth from trading and taxation. The Roman army was the strongest in Italy. It was constantly battling the Gauls, who were later conquered by Caesar. The Punic Wars against Carthage were fought all over the Mediterranean coasts, mainly because of disputes over Sicily and trade. The third enemy was the Germanic tribes or other barbarians (uncivilized people).

The Roman Republic suffered many disasters, including Spartacus (the leader of a slave revolt) who defeated one consul's army before he was captured. Also, Hannibal crossed the Alps and then defeated the Roman army at Cannae and many other battles, which saw Rome greatly fear being destroyed by Carthage.

The end of the Roman Republic is still a matter of dispute, and different scholars will give different dates for it. Usually, the dates of the start of either the First Triumvirate or the Second Triumvirate are given. The triumvirates were groups of three men who had much power.

The end of the Roman Republic is often said to be Gaius Julius Caesar's appointment as dictator (single ruler) by the Roman Senate. That happened after a series of civil wars lasting from about 49 BC to 44 BC.

Some people say the Roman Republic ended with the naval Battle of Actium between Marcus Antonius and Octavian. Both had been in the Second Triumvirate. The battle was fought on 2 September 31 BC in which Octavian won. Later, he was proclaimed Roman emperor. The end date could also be when Octavian was given the title of the first "Augustus" by the Senate, on 16 January 27 BC.

Those are modern views, however. In the view of the early emperors, the "Res Publica" (Republic, literally "Thing of the People") still existed but was simply "under their protection". They promised that some day that the Republic would restored to its original form. That never happened and so scholars divide the Roman Empire and the Roman Republic as two different and distinct periods in the history of Rome.

First Triumvirate

The First Triumvirate is the name most historians give to the political alliance between Gaius Julius Caesar, Marcus Licinius Crassus and Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus (Pompey). They made it in 60 BC to give each other power. Each person helped the others to be more powerful. 

Caesar was able to gain money from Crassus to finance his public works campaign. He also gained military power from Pompey's loyal legions. Crassus, who was much envied and hated for his wealth and the means he used to attain it, was also able to gain popularity from Pompey as well as Caesar who had a loyal following in the plebeian class. Pompey was grateful to Caesar for his support against slander in the senate. Caesar's speeches in the senate were in favor of giving the newly conquered land to Pompey's returned legions. Pompey and Crassus ended their old grudge that dated back to the Third Servile War because they realised the advantages they allowed each other. To cement the Triumvirate, Crassus told Caesar's numerous debt holders that he would pay Caesar's loans if Caesar defaulted. Pompey married Caesar's only child, Julia. The Triumvirate lasted until Crassus' death in the Battle of Carrhae in 53 BC.

Caesar and Pompey started fighting. Caesar won at the Battle of Pharsalus. Caesar became dictator in the year 44 BC.


Second Triumvirate

The Second Triumvirate was an alliance between Octavian, Mark Antony and Lepidus. It was formed to punish the conspirators who assassinated Julius Caesar. 

The Triumvirate lasted from 43 BC to 33 BC. It ended the effort by Marcus Tullius Cicero to make the Senate once again the top body of the Republic. From then on Rome was ruled by an Emperor.

The Triumvirate army, led by Octavian and Mark Antony, defeated the Conspirators' army led by Cassius and Brutus. The war ended with the Battle of Philippi in Roman Macedonia in 42 BC. Cassius and Brutus committed suicide and the remainder of their army joined the Triumvirate forces.

Occam's razor

Occam's razor (or Ockham's razor) is a principle from philosophy. Suppose an event has two possible explanations. The explanation that requires the fewest assumptions is usually correct. Another way of saying it is that the more assumptions you have to make, the more unlikely an explanation. Occam's razor applies especially in the philosophy of science, but also appears in everyday life.

William of Ockham, a Franciscan friar who studied logic in the 14th century, first made this principle well known. In Latin it is sometimes called lex parsimoniae, or "the law of briefness". William of Ockham supposedly (see below) wrote it in Latin:


This translates roughly:

This means if there are several possible ways something might have happened, the way which uses the fewest guesses is probably the correct one. However, Occam's razor only applies when the simple explanation and complex explanation both work equally well. If a more complex explanation does a better job than a simpler one, then you should use the complex explanation.

A problem with Occam's razor is that the sentence is not really about things ("entia" = entities), but about explanations or hypotheses. Other thinkers have come up with other versions:

In science, Occam's razor is used as an heuristic (general guiding rule or an observation) to guide scientists.

Example: Two trees have fallen down during a windy night. Think about these two possible explanations:

Even though both are possible, several other unlikely things would also need to happen for the meteorites to have knocked the trees down, for example: they would have to hit each other and not leave any marks. In addition, meteorites are fairly rare. Since this second explanation needs several assumptions to all be true, it is probably the wrong answer. Occam's razor tells us the wind blew the trees down, because this is the simplest answer therefore probably the right one.

Example: A person is standing on the top of a roof and dropping a feather. In calculating how long it takes for the feather to reach the ground, to make the maths simpler, one might make an assumption: that the effect of air resistance can be ignored. This assumption makes the problem simpler, but is unlikely to lead to a good prediction as to the time it will take for the feather to fall. Thus, making the assumption that air resistance can be ignored is in this case not the "simplest" in concept, but the simplest in other respects (in this case, the maths). "Not" making the assumption here "is" the "simplest" in concept because it involves making fewer assumptions.

Occam's razor also comes up in medicine. When there are many explanations for symptoms, the simplest diagnosis is the one to test first. If a child has a runny nose, it probably has the common cold rather than a rare birth defect. Medical students are often told, "When you hear hoof beats, think horses, not zebras".


Rio Grande do Sul

Rio Grande do Sul is a Brazilian state. It is in Southern Brazil. It has common borders with Uruguay to the south, and Argentina to the west. It has a very high standard of living. Its capital city is Porto Alegre. About 10 million people live in the state. The surface area of Rio Grande do Sul is about 282,000 square kilometres.

Turbofolk

Turbofolk or Pop-folk is a style of music from the Balkans that was invented in the early 1990s. It mostly comes from Greece, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro, but it is also popular in other nearby countries. It sounds like a mix of Arabic-style singing (in the Serbian language) with electronic music and rock music.

Turbofolk is sometimes associated with the recent Balkan wars and the Breakup of Yugoslavia but it is still popular.

Bérurier Noir

Bérurier Noir are a French punk band which formed in Paris in 1983. It is made up of Loran (guitar), François (vocals) and Dede (drum machine). In 1985 Masto joined, playing the saxophone. They sing about French politics and anarchism. They are one of the most famous French punk bands.



Roman Britain

Roman Britain ("Britannia") was the part of Great Britain in the Roman Empire from AD 43 to 409 or 410.

The first invasion was led by Julius Ceasar , in the days of the Roman Republic. He defeated the dominant Catuvellauni tribe in 54 BC near Wheathampstead in Hertfordshire. 

Their capital was taken over by the Romans. Trouble in Gaul (mainly modern France & Belgium) prevented Caesar from staying in Britain. The full conquest of Britain was delayed for almost a century.

In 43 AD, the Emperor Claudius sent an invasion force, led by Aulus Plautius, a distinguished senator. He was given four legions, totalling about 20,000 men, plus about the same number of helpers. The legions were:


The "II Augusta" was commanded by the future emperor Vespasian. The other three legions were also led by high-ranking men.

The invasion was one of the most significant events in British history. After the revolt of Boudica there was usually peace and a process of full "romanization" started successfully in southeast Britain.

The Romans considered Britannia as a single territory and administratively they divided the huge island in five provinces: "Britannia prima" (capital London), "Britannia secunda", "Flavia Caesariensis", "Maxima Caesariensis" and "Valentia". It seems that they have created also a sixth province -during Agricola conquest- in Caledonia, called "Vespasiana".

Roman legions left in 410 AD after almost four centuries, and the administration of the country was taken over by prominent local chieftains. This was known as Sub-Roman Britain, with a Romano-British culture and the people may have used a Latin-based language. It lasted for more than two centuries but gave way to an increasingly Anglo-Saxon England by the start of the seventh century.

Roman technology made its impact in road building and the construction of villas, forts and cities. During their occupation of Britain the Romans built an extensive network of roads. They were used in later centuries, and many are still followed today. The Romans also built water supply, sanitation and sewage systems. Many of Britain's major cities, such as London ("Londinium"), Manchester ("Mamucium") and York ("Eboracum"), were founded by the Romans.

There was no writing in Britain before the Romans. They introduced it and, when they left, writing only survived with the help of religion.

The British were skilled in the arts, and produced ornamental jewellery and pottery which was exported to Europe. They built defensive structures such as hill forts. They were proficient in warfare with spears, bows and arrows. Small round stones found in such sites indicate the use of slings or catapults.

To keep Roman control, forts and garrisons were built throughout Britain, and the existing roads improved. The local people had to maintain the Roman roads in Britain, and got tax relief for their efforts.

Roman roads allowed for troop movements and the distribution of supplies. The forts and garrisons needed food and other services. Vast areas produced these goods. For example, the often flooded Somerset levels was like a huge market garden that provided supplies for the garrisons at Exeter, Gloucester, Bath and the forts in between. Local fishermen supplied fresh fish, and farmers reared sheep, pigs, cattle and poultry for the garrisons.

Missionaries from Gaul began to introduce Christianity to the West country. Before the end of the first century AD they had a Church of Celtic Christianity. This spread such that by the mid second century much of Cornwall, Devon, Western Dorset, and South Somerset had adopted Christianity. The spread of Christianity continued eastward and strongly northward into Wales through the next two centuries, especially after the adoption of Christianity by Rome. The Romans had built shrines and temples to their pagan gods and continued to patronize these, even after the adoption of Christianity by Rome.


990

990 was a common year.




Bixente Lizarazu

Bixente Lizarazu (born 9 December 1969) is a former French football player. He is one of the most successful football players in the world. He won the FIFA World Cup in 1998 and the European Football Championship in 2000. He has also won the UEFA Champions League (2001) and was champion of the Bundesliga (both with Bayern Munich) five times in a six-year period (1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2005).

Lizarazu was born in Saint-Jean-de Luz, a small village in Basque region of France, in 1969. His first club was Eglantins Hendaje (1977-1989). He then went to Girondins Bordeaux (1989-1996). After playing for Bordeaux, he played for the Spanish club Athletic Bilbao (1996-1997) before he went to Bayern Munich (1997-2005). For a six months, he played for Olympique Marseille (2004). He ended his career in 2005.

Bordeaux

Bayern Munich

France

Individual

Orders

Shetland

Shetland (or the Shetland Islands) is an archipelago, the furthest out part of Scotland in the United Kingdom.
The islands are between the Faroe Islands and the Orkney Islands. They are about 50 miles to the northeast of the Orkney Islands. They are about 100 islands in the group. People live on 16 of them.

The islands form part of the boundary between the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the North Sea to the east.

The largest islands of the group are Mainland, Yell, Unst, Fetlar, Whalsay, and Bressay. In general, the climate of the group is subarctic, and rather bleak. 
They used to be called Hjaltland or Zetland. Today, the islands are part of Scotland. The administrative centre is Lerwick.

The economy of the islands is largely based on agriculture. The sheep are known for their fine wool. Other well-known exports are the Shetland ponies and Shetland Sheepdog.

In 1969 crude oil was discovered near the islands, leading to an alternative source of income for them.

By the end of the 9th century the Norsemen shifted from plundering to invasion, mainly due to the overpopulation of Scandinavia in comparison to resources and arable land available there.

Shetland was colonised by Norsemen in the 9th century. The fate of the native population is unknown. The colonisers established their laws and language. That language evolved into the West Nordic language Norn, which survived into the 19th century.

After Harald Finehair took control of all Norway, many of his opponents fled, some to Orkney and Shetland. From the Northern Isles they continued to raid Scotland and Norway, prompting Harald Hårfagre to raise a large fleet which he sailed to the islands. In about 875 he and his forces took control of Shetland and Orkney. Ragnvald, Earl of Møre received Orkney and Shetland as an earldom from the king as reparation for his son's being killed in battle in Scotland. Ragnvald gave the earldom to his brother Sigurd the Mighty.

Shetland was Christianised in the 10th century. In the Treaty of Perth in 1266 the Norwegian king surrendered his furthest British islands to Scotland. They included the Hebrides, and the Isle of Man. In return, the Scots recognised Norwegian sovereignty over Orkney and Shetland. The islands did not become Scottish until the 15th century, and were ratified by an Act of Parliament in 1669.

For three centuries the Shetlanders sold their fish (salted cod) through the German Hanseatic League, a trading organisation. This arrangement lasted from 1400 to 1700 AD.

In WWII Shetland was active in covert operations against the Germans in Norway. The 'Shetland Bus' (fishing vessels) sailed in covert operations between Norway and Shetland. They carried intelligence agents, refugees, instructors for the resistance, and military supplies. Many people on the run from the Germans, and much important information on German activity in Norway, were brought back to the Allies this way.

In the early 1970s, oil and gas were found off Shetland. The East Shetland Basin is one of the largest petroleum sedimentary basins in Europe. Sullom Voe terminal opened in 1978 and is the largest oil export harbour in the United Kingdom with a volume of 25 million tons per year.

Firm geological evidence shows that at around 6100 BC a tsunami caused by the Storegga Slides hit Shetland, as well as the rest of the east coast of Scotland, and may have washed over some of the Shetland Islands completely.

Shetland has been populated since at least 3400 BC. The early people subsisted on cattle-farming and agriculture. During the Bronze Age, around 2000 BC, the climate cooled and the population moved to the coast. During the Iron Age, many stone fortresses were erected, some ruins of which remain today.

Due to the practice of building in stone on the virtually tree-less islands, Shetland is extremely rich in physical remains of all these periods, though Shetland is less rich in material remains than Orkney.

The artifacts of all the eras of Shetland's past can be studied at the newly built (2007) Shetland Museum in Lerwick.

Salt evaporation pond

A Salt evaporation pond (or saltern pond) is a man-made shallow pond. Usually it is located near the sea. The ponds can be filled with salt water. The water is then left to evaporate. The salt is left behind, and can be harvested. Such ponds also provide a habitat for several kinds of animals. Most of these animals are birds. 

The color tells how much salt there is left in the water. Green colors come from special algae. These algae are there in low to mid salinity ponds (ponds with little salt in the water). In middle to high salinity ponds, an alga called Dunaliella salina shifts the color to red. Millions of tiny brine shrimp create an orange cast in mid-salinity ponds. Other bacteria such as Stichococcus also contribute tints. These colors are especially interesting to airplane passengers or astronauts passing above due to their somewhat artistic formations of shape and color. 


Salinity

Salinity is a scientific term. Scientists use it to tell how much salt there is in water. Salinity is measured by the amount of sodium chloride found in 1,000 grams of water, if there is 1 gram of sodium chloride in 1,000 grams of water solution it is 1 part per thousand. This is written as 1‰.


Food preservation

Food preservation is about the ways and means which help to preserve food. Food spoils from bacteria if it is not treated. For thousands of years, humans have used methods of preserving food, so that they can store food to eat later. The simplest methods of preserving food, such as drying strips of fish or meat in the hot sun have been used for thousands of years, and they are still used today by indigenous peoples. The other ancient method is to use salt, and often drying and salting are done together. 

Food is spoiled because microorganisms change it. There are five basic techniques which make food last longer:
Usually several of the techniques are combined.

Common ways of preserving food are:


Many common methods use several of these approaches at the same time. For example, pickles preserved in a jar are heated then put in a mixture of vinegar and brine. Fruit jams and jellies are heated and mixed with a large amount of sugar. Some preserved fruit is heated and then mixed with alcohol (for example, Brandy) and a large amount of sugar. Smoked hams are cured in brine and then exposed to the smoke from burning wood chips.

Clapham Junction railway station

Clapham Junction railway station is a train station in Battersea in the London Borough of Wandsworth. It is on St. John's Hill in the south west of Battersea.

All services to Waterloo and many services to Victoria and Croydon stations pass through the junction; these include South West Trains, Gatwick Express and Southern services. Services from Clapham Junction also head north along the West London line, through West Brompton and Kensington (Olympia), on to Willesden Junction and Watford Junction - services (to Willesden Junction) are operated by London Overground.

Typical off-peak service of about 110 trains (one train every 30 seconds) is:

The station has 17 platforms, numbered 1 to 17, and arranged in two groups. Platform 1, the northernmost platform. The station's main entrance is from St. John's Hill, into a foot tunnel which is 15 ft (4.6 m) wide. It runs under the eastern end of the 17 platforms, and to a northern exit, which has restricted opening hours. The foot tunnel becomes very crowded during the morning and evening rush hours, and ticket barriers at the end of the tunnel are a particular pinch point.

A covered footbridge connects the platforms at their western end. The footbridge does not have an exit to or from the station.

The station is named Clapham Junction because it is close to the joining point of a number of major rail lines—although the name is not shared by any junction near the station. The names of the nearby rail junctions are:


Adenosine triphosphate

Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is a chemical. All living things make ATP to store energy and to move it to the cells that need it. 

Cells get all their energy from ATP. They break ATP molecules apart to use the stored energy. The harder a cell works, the more ATP it needs.

The ATP molecule is very versatile: it is used for many chemical reactions in the body. Energy is stored in its chemical bonds.

The energy that is stored can be used later. When ATP breaks a bond with a phosphate group and becomes ADP, energy is released. This is an exothermic reaction. 

The ATP phosphate exchange is a nearly never-ending cycle, stopping only when the cell dies.

ATP is the main energy source for most cellular functions. This includes the synthesis of macromolecules. It is used in DNA and RNA. ATP also helps macromolecules get across cell membranes.

In all known organisms, DNA is made by the action of ribonucleotide reductase (RNR) enzymes. These enzymes reduce the sugar residue from ribose to deoxyribose by removing oxygen.

ATP is one of the four nucleotides put RNA molecules by RNA polymerases. The energy driving this polymerization comes from cutting off two phosphate groups. The process is similar in DNA biosynthesis.


Shrimp

Shrimp are crustaceans. Shrimp are mainly found in three groups: Caridea, Procarididea, and Dendrobranchiata. There are thousands of species, and usually there is a species adapted to any particular habitat. Any small crustacean which resembles a shrimp tends to be called one.

Adult shrimp are filter feeding benthic animals that live close to the bottom. They can live in schools and can swim rapidly backwards. They have a high tolerance to toxins in polluted areas, and may contribute to high toxin levels in their predators. They play important roles in the food chain and are important food sources for larger animals from fish to whales.

Shrimp are related to prawns. In cooking, the criterion is often only the size of the animal (prawns are bigger). Biologically, prawns and shrimp can be told apart by the structure of their gills. In prawns, the gills are branching; in shrimp they are not.

Many shrimp species are caught to be eaten. Usually, the head and the digestive tract are removed before the shrimp is eaten. The muscular tails of shrimp can be eaten, and they are widely caught and farmed for human consumption.

Commercial shrimp species support an industry worth 50 billion dollars a year. In 2010 the total commercial production of shrimp was nearly 7 million tonnes. Shrimp farming took off during the 1980s, particularly in China, and by 2007 the harvest from shrimp farms exceeded the capture of wild shrimp. There is often pollution damage done to estuaries when they are used for shrimp farming.


Prawn

Dendrobranchiata is a suborder of decapod crustaceans, and contains shrimp and prawn.

Dendrobranchiata are commercially fished and are used for cooking. The difference between prawns and shrimp is usually that prawns are larger than shrimps. Prawns are crustaceans similar in appearance to shrimps, but they can be distinguished by the gill structure which branches out in prawns but not in shrimps. Prawns are also related to crabs and lobsters. Prawns have two pairs of antennae.

Prawns are found in calmer waters were the they can nest in water plants to lay their eggs. Like shrimps, prawns tend to prefer warmer waters in the tropics but some species of prawn are found in the Northern Hemisphere.

Prawns eat by filtering nutritious particles out of the water flowing around the prawn. Therefore, prawns are found near rocks or close to the sea floor.

Prawns are a common source of food for humans around the world, particularly in areas where the prawn exists naturally such as South-East Asia.

Lee Redmond

Lee Redmond (February 2, 1941 – December 14, 2023) is a woman from the Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. She is famous for having the longest fingernails in the world.

She has not cut her fingernails since 1979. The combined length of her fingernails are 7 meters and 51 centimeters long (24 feet, 8 inches) . She has an active life despite of her long fingernails. Lee Redmond is in the Guinness Book of World Records in the category "Longest Fingernails - Female".

On February 10, 2009, Lee was in a car crash, and was thrown out of the car. She was badly hurt and all her fingernails were broken off. 

Lee Redmond died in Utah on December 14, 2023, at the age of 82.


Martin Amis

Martin Amis (25 August 1949 – 19 May 2023) was a Welsh novelist. His best known novels include "Money" (1984), "London Fields" (1989), "Time's Arrow" (1991) and "The Information" (1995).
Affected by several writers including his father Sir Kingsley Amis, Amis's style of writing has affected a generation of writers. His later work looked at moral and geopolitical issues, including The Holocaust, Communist Russia, and the September 11, 2001 attacks and Islamism.

Amis was born in Swansea, South Wales. He was the middle of three children, with an older brother, Philip, and a younger sister, Sally. He went to many different schools in the 1950s and 1960s. The fame of his father's first novel "Lucky Jim" sent the Amises to Princeton, New Jersey, where his father lectured. Amis's parents, Hilly and Kingsley, divorced when he was twelve.

Amis graduated from Exeter College, Oxford. He graduated with a first-class degree in English. After Oxford, he got a job at "The Times Literary Supplement". At age 27, he became literary editor of "The New Statesman".

His first novel "The Rachel Papers" (1973) won the Somerset Maugham Award. It tells the story of a smart, self-centered teenager (which Amis says he based on himself) and his relationship with his girlfriend in the year before going to university.

"Dead Babies" (1975) has a typically 1960s plot. It has a house full of characters who abuse various substances. A movie version was made in 2000 which was unsuccessful.

"Success" (1977) told the story of two foster-brothers, Gregory Riding and Terry Service, and their good and bad luck. 

"Other People: A Mystery Story" (1981), about a young woman coming out of a coma.

"Money" (subtitled "A Suicide Note") is a first-person narrative by John Self. He was an advertising man who wanted to be a movie director. The book follows him as he flies back and forth across the Atlantic looking for success. The book was a huge success and is Amis's most highly regarded work.

"London Fields" is Amis's longest book. It show the encounters between three main characters in London in 1999, as a climate disaster draws near.

"Time's Arrow" is about a doctor who helped torture Jews during the Holocaust. It was written in the form of an autobiography. The story is unusual because time runs backwards during the entire novel.

The "Experience" is mainly about his relationship with his father, Kingsley Amis. He also writes about finding long-lost daughter, Delilah Seale and of how one of his cousins, 21-year-old Lucy Partington, became a victim of suspected serial killer Fred West.

He lived and wrote in London and Uruguay and was married to writer Isabel Fonseca, his second wife.


 

Xi Shun

Bao Xishun (also known as Xi Shun; born November 2, 1951) is in the Guinness Book of World Records as the world's tallest living man. He is tall. The last time he was measured was on January 15 of 2005. On August 7, 2007 Leonid Stadnyk was measuring and was found to be taller than him. In September 2005 he made his first trip outside of China to London to visit Guinness World Records.

Xi Shun served in the People's Republic of China army but got discharged because of rheumatism. He once saved some dolphins' lives by getting pieces of plastic from their stomachs that veterinarians could not reach. Radhouane Charbib was the tallest man by Guinness world records until Bao Xishun beat his record on 15 January 2005. That is where he was measured 2 millimetres taller in the Chifeng Hospital in China.

Crab

Crabs are a form of decapods (having eight walking legs and two grasping claws), along with lobsters, crayfish and shrimps. Crabs form an order within the decapods, called the Brachyura. Their short body is covered by a thick exoskeleton.

They are an extremely successful group, found all over the world. They are basically heavily armored shell-breakers. Most crabs live in sea-water, but there are some who live in fresh water, and some who live on land. The smallest are the size of a pea; the largest (the Japanese spider crab) grows to a leg span of 4 metres. About 7,000 species are known.

Crabs have short tails. A crab's tail and reduced abdomen is entirely hidden under the thorax. It is folded under its body, and may not be visible at all unless the crab is turned over. Usually they have a very hard exoskeleton. This means they are well protected against predators. Crabs are armed with a single pair of claws. Crabs can be found in all oceans. Some crabs also live in fresh water, or live completely on land.

The pincers (claws) of crabs are their most important weapons. They have at least three functions. The pincers' role in eating is to seize and subdue the prey. If the food is a shellfish (mollusc), then the pincers can exert force to open or break the mollusks shell. Pincers are also used in fighting between males, and for signalling to other crabs.

Crabs are omnivores, they eat almost anything they find. Often this is algae, but animal food is essential for its good health and development. They will eat molluscs, other crustaceans, worms, fungi and bacteria.

Crabs are prepared and eaten all over the world. Some species are eaten whole, including the shell, such as soft-shell crab; with other species just the claws and/or legs are eaten. In some regions spices improve the culinary experience. In Asia, Masala Crab and Chilli crab are examples of heavily spiced dishes. In the United States state of Maryland, blue crab is often eaten with Old Bay Seasoning.

For the British dish "Cromer crab", the meat is extracted and placed inside the hard shell. One American way to prepare crab meat is by extracting it and adding a flour mix, creating a crab cake. Crabs are also used in "bisque", a French soup.

True crabs appear in the fossil record in the Lower Jurassic. They are part of the 'Mesozoic marine revolution', in which a number of sea-floor predators evolved.

The closest relatives of the crabs are anomurans, a crustacean group which includes animals such as hermit crabs, king crabs and squat lobsters. They look a lot like crabs and many have the word 'crab' in their name, but are not true crabs. Anomurans can be told apart by the number of legs: crabs have eight legs, along with two claws or pincers, while the last pair of an anomuran's legs is hidden inside the shell, so that only six are visible.

Gran Colombia

Gran Colombia was a centralist country formed after New Granada declared independence in 1819, initially made up of New Granada and Venezuela. The rebels, led by Simon Bolivar, defeated the Spanish Empire but then fought among themselves. In 1831 Venezuela and Ecuador, being the eastern and southern part of the country, declared independence from Gran Colombia due to political differences. After that the remaining territory was of New Granada. Decades later, Panama also became independent from Colombia with help from the United States.

Nail (anatomy)

A nail is a hard part of the body at the tip of the fingers and toes, of which most people have ten. Toenails and fingernails are similar, except that toenails grow four times more slowly. Only certain mammals have nails: mostly, they are found in primates. They are made of the same kind of material (keratin) as the claws of other animals.

Like hair, nails never stop growing. They must be cut from time to time. It does not hurt when people cut their nails as they are not innervated. The nails are made up of a protein called keratin which also makes up the main element of hair and skin. People paint their nails to make themselves look more attractive, usually females. On occasion nails can grow into the skin acting as a place of infection known as an ingrowing nail. They can hurt, so are often treated through medicine. The cutting and painting of the nails is called a manicure.

The functions of nails are not obvious. They include:



Crustacean

Crustaceans are a subphylum of arthropods with 67,000 described species. They are part of the phylum Arthropoda. Crustaceans include crabs, lobsters, crayfish, shrimp, krill and barnacles. They are relatives of insects. If the Arthropods are regarded as a superphylum, then the insects and crustacea would be phyla (see List of animal phyla). The group has an extensive fossil record, reaching back to the Cambrian.

Most crustaceans are aquatic, mostly marine. Some have moved onto land permanently. Crustaceans that live on land include some crabs, and woodlice. Crustacea range in size from a parasite 0.1mm long, to the Japanese spider crab with a leg span of up to 14 ft (4.3 m) and a mass of 44 lb (20 kg). The North Atlantic lobster can weigh more than 40 pounds.

Most crustaceans are mobile, but some become sessile after their larval stage. Barnacles are crustacea which become attached to rocks on the sea shore. Some are parasitic, like fish lice, and tongue worms. Crustacea usually have separate sexes, however some are hermaphroditic. Their eggs eventually hatch into larvae.

Crustaceans are a subphylum in the phylum Arthropoda, so they have a tough exoskeleton, a series of jointed appendages, and a segmented body. Crustaceans have three major body parts. They are, front to back: head, thorax, and abdomen. They have two pairs of antennae, and two eyes. The mouth has two mandibles. Most breathe with gills, although some land crabs have developed lungs. Lobsters and crabs have hard outer skeletons (exoskeleton), and tend to preserve well as fossils. As adults, they moult their shells as they grow in size.

Most large crustaceans crawl along the bottoms of streams, rivers, and the ocean, sometimes coming on land. Because they move along the ground under the water, they are called "benthic" creatures. Even though lobsters and shrimps can swim a bit, they usually walk along the bottom of the body of water in which they live.

More than 10 million tons of crustaceans are produced by fishery or farming for human consumption, most of it is shrimps and prawns. Krill and copepods are not as widely fished, but they have the greatest animal biomass on the planet, and form a vital part of the food chain.

All crustacea must replace their exoskeletons with new ones in order to grow. They replace their exoskeletons by moulting. Moulting is controlled by hormones. A new exoskeleton is then secreted to replace the old one. While they wait for their new exoskeleton to harden it can be dangerous. They may be preyed on by larger predators and not be able to defend themselves. Most crustaceans moult many times between hatching and adulthood. 
The main body cavity is an open circulatory system: blood is pumped into the haemocoel by a heart. Malacostraca have haemocyanin as the oxygen-carrying pigment, while copepods, ostracods, barnacles and branchiopods have haemoglobins. This indicates something very unusual: a phylum (or subphylum) with such a fundamental difference between the physiology of its member groups. 

Crustaceans have a number of larval forms. The earliest and most characteristic is the nauplius. In most groups, there are further larval stages, including the "zoea" (pl. zoeæ or zoeas). This name was given to it when naturalists believed it to be a separate species. It follows the nauplius stage, and often has spikes on its carapace. These may assist these small organisms in swimming. In many decapods, due to their accelerated development, the zoea is the first larval stage. In some cases, the zoea stage is followed by the "mysis" stage, and in others, by the "megalopa" stage, depending on the crustacean group involved.

Motile

An organism is called motile if it can move on its own. Most organisms are motile. Organisms that cannot move themselves are called "sessile".

Maria Montessori

Maria Montessori was an Italian educator and doctor. She was born on 31 August 1870 in Chiaravalle, Italy. 

Maria Montessori created the first Montessori school. It was a method of education which respected the natural development of the child. Its main feature was to allow as much independence as possible to the individual child. Another feature was to allow mixed ages in the same classroom. This was different from the formal classroom teaching used even for young children at the time. Maria Montessori started this method when she was in charge of a school for handicapped children. Maria Montessori also founded around 1907 in San Lorenzo, a slum area of Rome, the first Casa dei Bambini ("Children's House"). She died on May 6, 1952.

Portrait of Jacob de Gheyn III

Jacob de Gheyn III is a famous painting.

It was painted by Rembrandt in 1632 and is the most stolen painting in the world. It has been stolen and recovered from galleries at least four times, making it the world's most stolen painting.

Every time the painting has been recovered anonymously and as a consequence nobody was accused of the theft. This painting by Rembrandt is so well known that it would be difficult for a thief to take it again.
Jacob de Gheyn III, also known as Jacob III de Gheyn (1596–1641), was a Dutch Golden Age engraver, son of Jacob de Gheyn II, canon of Utrecht (city), and the subject of a 1632 oil painting by Rembrandt. The portrait is half of a pair of pendent portraits. The other piece is a portrait of de Gheyn's friend Maurits Huygens, wearing similar clothing (ruffs and black doublets) and facing the opposite direction

As legend goes, a man by the name of Marcus Smith V was found in a gallery sneaking and slowly making his way toward the painting with intent to steal it. The ghost of Jacob de Gheyn III sneaked up behind him and killed him. the legend is most likely untrue because Smith was with a lover that night and was actually poisoned the next night.

Fame

Fame or Famous may refer to:

Toy Story

Toy Story is a computer animated buddy fantasy comedy adventure movie. It was the first Disney/Pixar animated movie. Pixar made the movie while Disney packaged it and sold the movie to movie theaters. It was released on November 22, 1995. It was the first animated movie to be completely done with computers instead of hand-drawn animation. "Toy Story" had three sequels, with "Toy Story 2" being released November 13, 1999.

Sheriff Woody, a pull-string cowboy doll is the leader of a group of toys that belong to a boy named Andy and come to life when humans are not to be seen. With his family moving to a new house and having a birthday party for Andy, the toys try to figure out what Andy's new presents are since they’re worried about being replaced. Andy gets a space ranger Buzz Lightyear action figure, who replaces Woody as Andy's favourite toy. Buzz does not know that he is a toy when Woody tries to convince him and thinks that he is a real space ranger. While the other toys befriend Buzz, Woody hates Buzz out of jealousy. 

Andy prepares to go to a pizza restaurant and arcade called Pizza Planet with Buzz. Woody tries to stop this from happening by knocking Buzz behind a desk but accidentally knocks him out of a window instead, making the toys angry. Andy takes Woody to Pizza Planet with him instead. However, Buzz climbs into the car and confronts Woody when they stop at a gas station. The two toys fight and accidentally fall out of the car, which drives off and leaves them behind. Woody sees a pickup truck bound for Pizza Planet and plans to rendezvous with Andy there, convincing Buzz to come with him by saying that the pickup truck can take him to his home planet. Once at Pizza Planet, Buzz makes his way into a claw game machine shaped like a spaceship, thinking that it is the ship that Woody had promised him. Inside, he finds a horde of squeaky aliens who revere the machine's claw arm as their master. When Woody follows Buzz into the game to try to rescue him, the two of them are captured by Andy's next door neighbor, Sid Phillips, who likes to torture and destroy toys for fun.

The two toys try to escape from Sid's house before Andy and his family move, encountering nightmarish toys which Sid's made as well as Sid's vicious dog, Scud. Buzz sees a commercial for Buzz Lightyear action figures just like himself and realizes that Woody was right about him being a toy. Unable to face the truth, Buzz tries to prove he is still a space ranger by attempting to fly out of the window, but falls and loses one of his arms. Buzz becomes too depressed over the truth to participate in Woody's escape plan. This forces Woody to try and get the other toys attention in Andy's room by waving Buzz's disconnected arm, but the other toys still distrust him for what happened to Buzz and leave him behind. Woody realizes that Sid's mutant toys are friendly when they fix Buzz's arm but is forced to hide when Sid arrives, leaving Buzz behind. Sid prepares to destroy Buzz by strapping him to a rocket, but is delayed by a thunderstorm and sleeps for the night. Woody convinces Buzz life is worth living even if he is not a space ranger because of the joy he can bring to Andy, and helps Buzz regain his spirit. Cooperating with Sid's mutant toys, Woody stages a rescue for Buzz and scares Sid away by coming to life in front of him. However, the two miss Andy's car as it drives away to his new house.

Running down the road, they climb onto a moving truck but Scud chases them and Buzz tackles the dog to save Woody. Woody attempts to rescue Buzz with Andy's RC car but the other toys, who think that Woody got rid of RC, toss Woody off onto the road. Spotting Woody driving RC back with Buzz alive, the other toys realize their mistake and try to help them into the truck. When RC's batteries become depleted, Woody ignites the rocket on Buzz's back and manages to throw RC into the moving truck just in time before they go soaring into the air. Buzz then opens his wings to cut himself free before the rocket explodes, and he and Woody glide through the air and land safely in the car. Andy looks in the box and is relieved to have found Woody and Buzz.

On Christmas Eve at their new house, Buzz and Woody stage another reconnaissance mission to prepare for the new toy arrivals, one of which is a Mrs. Potato Head, much to the delight of Mr. Potato Head. Woody jokingly asks Buzz "What could Andy possibly get that is worse than you?", a question which is immediately answered; Andy's new gift, as it turns out, is a puppy, and the two share a worried smile.






Pixar's Oscar-winning short film "Tin Toy" (directed by Lasseter) and its CAPS project were among works that gained Disney's attention and, after meetings in 1990 with Jeffrey Katzenberg, Pixar pitched a television special called "A Tin Toy Christmas". By July 1991, Disney and Pixar signed an agreement to work on a film, based on the "Tin Toy" characters, called "Toy Story". The deal gave Pixar a three-film deal (with "Toy Story" being the first) as well as 10% of the films' profits.

"Toy Story"s script was strongly influenced by the ideas of screenwriter Robert McKee. The script went through many changes before the final version. John Lasseter decided Tinny was "too antiquated", and the character was changed to a military action figure, and then given a space theme. Tinny's name changed to Lunar Larry, then Tempus from Morph, and eventually Buzz Lightyear (after astronaut Buzz Aldrin).

Billy Crystal was going to play as Buzz, but later refused this role, although he would voice Mike Wazowski in Pixar's later movie, "Monsters, Inc". Katzenberg took the role to Tim Allen, who was appearing in Disney's "Home Improvement", and Allen accepted the Role. "Toy Story" was both Hanks and Allen's first animated film role.

Lasster's 1993 draft of the film was disastrous, presenting Woody as a "sarcastic jerk" because Katzenberg kept sending notes to Pixar saying that he wanted more edge to the character. Katzenberg talked with Walt Disney Feature Animation president Peter Schneider in the hall during the screening and asked him why it was so bad. Schneider responded that it "wasn't their movie anymore." Schneider wanted to immediately shut down production, fire all recently hired animators and move the key writers (John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, Pete Docter and Joe Ranft) into the Disney Studio, pending a new script approved by Disney. Pixar refused and said that the entire story will be changed in two weeks. As promised, two weeks later a new script had been written that made Woody a more likable character. It also included a more adult-orientated staff meeting amongst the toys rather than a juvenile group discussion that had existed in earlier drafts. Buzz Lightyear's character was also changed slightly "to make it more clear to the audience that he really doesn't realize he's a toy" as John Lasseter remarked. After the second screening Katzenberg restarted production. The voice actors returned in March 1994 to record their new lines.

"Toy Story" was made on a $30 million budget, using a staff of 110 people; Lasseter told how hard of the computer animation was to do in the film: "We had to make things look more organic. Every leaf and blade of grass had to be created. We had to give the world a sense of history. So the doors are banged up, the floors have scuffs."

According to Lee Unkrich, one of the original editors of "Toy Story", there was a scene that was cut out of the movie. In this scene, Sid, after he leaves Pizza Planet, tortures Buzz and Woody violently. Unkrich decided to cut right into the scene where Sid was interrogating the toys because the creators of the movie thought the audience would be loving Buzz and Woody at that point.
Another scene, where Woody was trying to get Buzz's attention when he was stuck in the box crate, was shortened because the creators felt it would "lose the energy of the movie." 2 more deleted scenes, abandoned at the story reel stage, were actually seen as active scenes in Toy Story 2. The first scene was an opening sequence as a Buzz Lightyear cartoon, which ended up as a video game, and the second was the famed "Woody's Nightmare" scene, where Woody is thrown out, as he fails to glow in the dark and destroyed by cockroaches, but in Toy Story 2, he was thrown out because his arm was broken, and he was sucked in by other broken toys.

Ever since its original 1995 release, "Toy Story" received universal acclaim. Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes (which gave the movie an "Extremely Fresh" rating) reports that 100% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 74 reviews, with an average score of 9/10. The critical consensus is: "As entertaining as it is innovative, Toy Story kicked off Pixar's unprecedented run of quality pictures, reinvigorating animated film in the process." The film is "Certified Fresh". At the website Metacritic, which utilizes a normalized rating system, the film earned a "universal acclaim" level rating of 96/100 based on 16 reviews by mainstream critics. Reviewers liked the film for its computer animation, voice cast, and ability to appeal to numerous age groups.

Leonard Klady of "Variety" commended the animation's "... razzle-dazzle technique and unusual look. The camera loops and zooms in a dizzying fashion that fairly takes one's breath away." Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" compared the film's innovative animation to Disney's "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", saying "Both movies take apart the universe of cinematic visuals, and put it back together again, allowing us to see in a new way." Due to the film's animation, Richard Corliss of "TIME" claimed that it was "... the year's most inventive comedy."

The voice cast was also praised by various critics. Susan Wloszczyna of "USA Today" approved of the selection of Hanks and Allen for the lead roles. Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" stated that "Starting with Tom Hanks, who brings an invaluable heft and believability to Woody, "Toy Story" is one of the best voiced animated features in memory, with all the actors ... making their presences strongly felt." Several critics also recognized the film's ability to appeal to children and adults. Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote: "It has the purity, the ecstatic freedom of imagination, that's the hallmark of the greatest children's films. It also has the kind of spring-loaded allusive prankishness that, at times, will tickle adults even more than it does kids."

In 1995, "Toy Story" was named eighth in "TIME"'s list of the best ten films of 1995. In 2011, "TIME" named it one of "The 25 All-TIME Best Animated Films". It also ranks at number 99 in "Empire" magazines list of the 500 Greatest Films of All Time. .

In 2003, the Online Film Critics Society ranked the film as the greatest animated film of all time. In 2007, the Visual Effects Society named the film 22nd in its list of the "Top 50 Most Influential Visual Effects Films of All Time". In 2005 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry, one of five films to be selected in its first year of eligibility. The film is ranked ninety-ninth on the AFI's list of the hundred greatest American films of all time. It was one of only two animated films on the list, the other being "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs". It was also sixth best in the animation genre on AFI's 10 Top 10.

Director Terry Gilliam would praise the film as "a work of genius. It got people to understand what toys are about. They're true to their own character. And that's just brilliant. It's got a shot that's always stuck with me, when Buzz Lightyear discovers he's a toy. He's sitting on this landing at the top of the staircase and the camera pulls back and he's this tiny little figure. He was this guy with a massive ego two seconds before... and it's stunning. I'd put that as one of my top ten films, period."

María Capovilla

María Esther de Capovilla (September 14, 1889 – August 27, 2006) was an Ecuadorian supercentenarian. She was the world's oldest living person between May 29, 2004, aged 114 years 258 days, and her death from pneumonia on August 27, 2006, aged 116 years 347 days. Following Capovilla's death, Elizabeth Bolden became the world's oldest person.

She was the last living person who was born in the 1880s and also she is still all-time record-holder of the oldest person who was born in Ecuador and the oldest person who was died in Ecuador. She remained the oldest validated South American and Latin American person ever until Francisca Celsa dos Santos of Brazil surpassed her age in October 2021 one day before her death who's final age was 116 years 349 days.

On 10 February 2004, Capovilla surpassed Australian Christina Cock to become the oldest person ever from the Southern Hemisphere. Capovilla was named the World's Oldest Person by Guinness World Records on 9 December 2005, thus superseding both Hendrikje van Andel-Schipper of the Netherlands thought to be the world's oldest person from 29 May 2004 to 30 August 2005, when she died, and Elizabeth Bolden of the United States, thought to be the world's oldest person from 30 August 2005 to 9 December 2005.

Wart

Warts are growths on the skin. Very often they resemble solid blisters. Usually, applying pressure to a wart causes pain. Warts are caused by viruses in the HPV family. As there are many types of viruses in the HPV family, there are also many types of wart. In most cases, warts are not dangerous, but may cause a lot of pain.

The virus infects skin cells; if these skin cells move to other areas, new warts can grow there. Warts contain tissue that bleeds easily. A bleeding of this tissue allows the wart to spread to other places. In general, coming in contact with infected tissue spreads the infection.

There are different ways of getting rid of a wart:

There are different types of warts, caused by different HPV viruses:

There are different ways of getting rid of a wart:

Ming Kipa

Ming Kipa is a Nepalese Sherpa girl who (as recorded in the 2009 Guinness Book of Records) was the youngest person to climb Mount Everest until 2010. She reached the summit on May 24, 2003 when she was 15 years old, with her brother Mingma Gyula and her sister Laphka. Nepalese law does not allow climbers under 16 to climb Everest, so Ming Kipa climbed from the Chinese side.

In 2010, her record was broken by 13-year old Jordan Romero.

Sun Tzu (mathematician)

Sun Tzu or Sun Zi was a Chinese mathematician of the third century CE.

His interests were in astronomy. He tried to develop a calendar and for this he investigated Diophantine equations. He is best known for authoring "Sun Tzu Suan Ching" (pinyin: "Sun Zi Suan Jing"; literally, "Sun Tzu's Calculation Classic"), which contains the Chinese remainder theorem.


Sergey Karjakin

Sergey Karjakin (born 12 January 1990 in Simferopol) is a Russian (formerly Ukrainian) chess grandmaster. 

He was a chess prodigy and holds the record for the youngest grandmaster in history, at the age of twelve years and seven months. 

On 25 July 2009 Karjakin adopted Russian citizenship and afterwards played for Russia.

He won Candidates Tournament 2016 and earned the right to challenge for the World Chess Championship. In November 2016, he lost the championship match to Magnus Carlsen in the rapid tiebreaks after drawing 6–6 in the classical games. He won the 2016 World Blitz Chess Championship. He played in the candidates tournament again in 2018, coming third.

Yusuf Islam

Yusuf Islam (born 21 July 1948) is an English singer. He sang many of his early songs when he called himself Cat Stevens. He was born as Stephen Demetre Georgiou to a Swedish mother and Greek Cypriot father. He became a Muslim in 1977. After 2 years, he took the name of Yusuf İslam. He has sold over 60 million albums around the world since the late 1960s as Cat Stevens or Yusuf İslam.

As a waiter in his father's cafe, he began writing songs "to escape the mundanity of it all". Chart success was followed by adulation, touring, drug use, confusion, tuberculosis and, in the early 1970s, Islam's changed outlook and an album called Tea For The Tillerman.

Stevens nearly drowned in an accident in Malibu in 1975. Stevens described the event in a VH1 interview some years later: "I suddenly held myself and I said, 'Oh God! If you save me, I'll work for you.'" He had looked into Buddhism; Zen and I Ching, numerology, tarot cards and astrology", but when his brother David gave him a copy of the Qu'ran, Stevens began to convert to Islam.

In 1977 he changed his name to Yusuf Islam upon becoming a Muslim. He stopped playing and recording pop music for almost 30 years, but started performing again in 2006.

He lives with his family in London, England.

As Cat Stevens:

As Yusuf Islam:

Malay language

Malay is an Austronesian language predominantly spoken by Malay people in northeastern of Sumatra to the Riau Islands and its surroundings; which includes Singapore and Malay Peninsula, as well as the western and northernmost coast of Borneo (especially in Pontianak and Brunei).

Malay is normally written with the Latin alphabet called Rumi. But there is also a modified Arabic alphabet that is called Jawi. Rumi is official in Malaysia and Singapore, and the Indonesian language has a different official orthography that uses also the Latin script. Rumi and Jawi are both official languages in Brunei. Efforts are currently being undertaken to preserve Jawi script and to revive its use amongst Malays in Malaysia, and students taking the Malay language examination in Malaysia have the option of answering questions using Jawi script. But the Latin alphabet is still the most commonly used script in Malaysia, both for official and informal purposes. 

Historically, Malay has been written in various types of script. Before the introduction of Arabic script in the Malay region, Malay was written using Pallava, Kawi and Rencong script and are still in use today by the Champa Malay in Vietnam and Cambodia.

Timothy Dalton

Timothy Peter Dalton (born 21 March 1946) is a British actor. He is famous for playing fictional spy James Bond in two movies in 1987 and 1989. He also voiced the hedgehog Mr. Pricklepants in "Toy Story 3".

His father was English and his mother was an American of Italian and Irish descent.

Dalton has one son, Alexander (born 7 August 1997), by Russian musician Oksana Grigorieva. He was in a relationship with English actress Vanessa Redgrave (with whom he appeared in the 1971 film "Mary, Queen of Scots") between 1971 and 1986. Dalton is a Manchester City F.C. supporter. He is often seen at the City of Manchester Stadium to watch his team play. Dalton remains unmarried.


Novels by "Benjamin Black" (pseudonym of John Banville):


Euzebiusz Smolarek

Euzebiusz Smolarek (born 9 January 1981) is a Polish football player. He plays for ADO Den Haag and Poland national team.

In 2004, he came to Dortmund with Bert van Maarwijk, who is his trainer. Before that, he played for Borussia Dortmund and under van Maarwijk with Feyenoord Rotterdam. He is also in the Poland national team.

68||12
81||25
34||4
12||0
15||3
210||44

!Total||47||20


Bushido (rapper)

Bushido is a German rapper. He was born in Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia, 28 September 1978 and raised in Berlin. His real name is Anis Mohamed Youssef Ferchichi. Bushido left the record company Aggro Berlin in 2001. Now he has his own record label ersguterjunge and insults his old label, for example in the song "Sonnenbank Flavour". Other big hits are "Von der Skyline zum Bordstein und zurück" and "Nie Ein Rapper" ( "Never a rapper" ). In 2006, he won the category German act of the European Music Awards in Copenhagen.

The artist name "Bushido" is Japanese and means "Way of the Warrior". Bushido was raised by his mother. He met his Tunisian father when he was 26 years old. Bushido was raised in Berlin-Tempelhof and went to the "Gymnasium" (German "grammar school", the highest school form) which he quit without his Abitur (German "A-level", right to study at university). He started his drug-selling career.

He first came to rap through graffiti where he painted walls using the name "Fuchs" (German "Fox"). He learned about rap music from his friend Vader(-licious) from DMK (Dark Mingz Klique). Together with King Orgasmus, the three recorded a tape under the name "030" which is the telephone number for Berlin. Bushido's first commercial appearance was on the Frauenarzt-Tape with King Orgasmus for I Luv Money Records in 2002. A short time later he published his self-made first album "King of Kingz".

German Rap is based on a monarchy view of things. Everything is a kingdom and the best rappers are kings. There are currently three Kings: Kool Savas, Azad and Bushido himself. However at that time, nobody knew him, but his raps were thought of being very good. Because he knew that, he named his record "King of Kingz". He said "there can be 2 Kings, one for Berlin (Kool Savas) and one for Frankfurt am Main (Azad). Whatever. I shit on 'em. I'm the King. There is noone despite me. Fuck it. I'm the King of Kings."

This record was his way up. He was signed by Aggro Berlin which released this tape. He then made his well known record "Carlo, Cokxxx, Nutten" (English: "Carlo, Cocain, Hoes") and "Vom Bordstein bis zu Skyline" ("From Pavement to the Skyline") which gained him fame nationwide.

In 2004 he quit Aggro Berlin and started his own label Ersguterjunge ("First best boy", a term which was used in the 1930s). He recorded albums and released them every 6 months. Including "Electroghetto", "Carlo, Cokxxx, Nutten 2" and "Staatsfeind Nr 1" ( "State enemy No. 1"). He was officially accused for making racist material and disrespect of minorities and females. However, this could not stop him from gaining success and fame. All his Albums gained Top-3 Chart placements. He was the first German Rapper to have two Albums in TOP-10 Charts placement.

Other rappers, for example the American rapper Raptile, said that Bushido rapped about a way of life he never lived. Media like CNN showed that this is not true. In August 2005 he was sentenced to jail in Austria for beating someone with his bodyguards. They beat up the person because that person damaged the tires of his car. The Austrian judge gave him the option to pay 100.000 Euro ( 150,000 USD) to get out of jail. This was the highest amount possible by law and the judge thought Bushido could not afford that.



National Party of Australia

The National Party of Australia is the third biggest political party in Australia. It was first called the Country Party when it started in 1920 and then became the National Country Party in 1975. In 1982 it became the National Party.

The National Party represents the interests of people who live in rural areas, that is, not in big cities. It normally joins together with the Liberal Party to form a coalition government. It has fewer people in Parliament than the Liberal Party. The current leader is Warren Truss. When the National Party is in a coalition government its leader is usually the Deputy Prime Minister.

The Party was quite powerful during the 1940s, 1950's and 1960s. Because it worked closely with the United Australia and later Liberal Party, three National leaders - Earle Page, Arthur Fadden and John McEwen - were Prime Minister for a short time. The Party is strongest in Queensland, where it has had several State Premiers. In 2008, the Liberal Party and National Party came together in Queensland and are now called the "Liberal National Party of Queensland".

The party's federal parliamentary leader since 2022 is David Littleproud. He replaced Barnaby Joyce following a leadership spill after the 2022 federal election.


Oil well

An oil well is a well to get petroleum from the ground. People in the petroleum industry look for a place that might have oil. They drill a hole deep in the ground and, if the oil is there, then pump it up from the hole. Most oil is very deep underground.

Oil wells can be classified by purpose: 

Active wells can also be categorized as:

Wells may be straight holes, or directionally drilled:

Prairie

A prairie is a type of habitat with mostly grasses, but also flowering plants and occasional shrubs or isolated trees. This type of habitat can be found around the world, but it goes by different names, such as steppes in Asia. What attracts tourists is the golden grass in prairie grassland. The word 'prairie' generally means grasslands in North America. There are often many animals on a prairie. They either prefer a prairie or can only live in a prairie. Well-known are the American bison (also called the buffalo) and the pronghorn antelope. Birds include the bobolink and the meadowlark.

A "tall grass prairie" has plants and grasses that typically grow three to seven feet (one to two meters) high, with occasional plants growing higher. This type of prairie grows in areas with a good amount of rain. Illinois (the "prairie state"), Indiana and Iowa are good examples of where a tall grass prairie would be. This type of habitat usually has rich soil and is very good for farming. Much of the original prairie has been changed into crops or lost to brush and trees.

Trees can grow in this area, but most were stopped by fires that swept through. Some oaks and hickories could survive a prairie fire. If there are scattered trees, it is called a savanna, and an area in a prairie where trees grew closer together is called a grove. In the last century, fires have been stopped, and trees and brush that once did not grow in prairies are taking over. Some of these invasive species were accidentally introduced from Europe or elsewhere. In Illinois, less than 0.01% of the original prairie still exists. For this reason, conservationists in this area practice prairie restoration to keep the prairie in good condition.

"Short grass prairie" is in drier areas, and is usually one to two feet (0.3 to 0.6 meters) high and has more space between plants. The "American West" (from central Texas up into Canada, East of the arid semi-desert) is all short grass prairie. Much of this area is converted to pastures for grazing cows and sheep. Areas near rivers are irrigated for crops. Some of the original native plants are still widespread.

Mixed grass prairie is found between the short grass prairie and the tall grass prairie and contains more species than either the short grass prairie or the tall grass prairie.

Mall

A mall or shopping center is a large building that is full of many smaller shops and stores. It is different from earlier markets or bazaars because most of the shops are not little booths or stalls in one big open area. Each store has its own space with walls. Most of their entrances face a central walking area inside the building.

People visit the stores in the mall to shop. Most malls have parking lots (places to park cars). Most malls also have roofs so people can shop inside. Most malls have a food court where people buy food. Some malls have movie theatres.

"Mall" is the most common name for these buildings in America, and "shopping center" is the most common name for them in the United Kingdom. The name "shopping center" is also sometimes used in America. Malls are also sometimes called plazas.


Ice skating

Ice skating is skating on ice as a sport, entertainment or pastime. Ice skates, a special type of boot with metal blades on the bottom, are worn to skate on ice. Figure skating and speed skating are the sport forms of ice skating. Hockey is also played on ice, with players wearing ice skates. The International Skating Union (ISU) is the international governing body for figure skating and speed skating.

Ice skating probably began in Scandinavia as early as 1000 BCE, as a way to travel in the winter. The sport of skating started in the Netherlands. Since the Middle Ages, people in the Netherlands have skated on canals. The first skating club was created in Scotland in 1742. In 1850, Edward Bushnell created steel-bladed skates which allowed skaters to make difficult turns and movements on the ice. Figure skating was included in the Olympics in 1908. It was the first winter sport included in the Olympics. Today, ice skating is a popular pastime. Ice shows, like Ice Follies and Ice Capades, are a popular form of entertainment.

Modern figure skates have two edges on the blades and a toothed toepick on the front of the blade. The toepick is used for jumps and spins. Figure skating boots are made of leather. Ice hockey skates also have two edges, but no toepick. Speedskating ice skates have a single edge on the blade.

Men's singles, women's singles, pairs and ice dance are the four types of competitive figure skating. In singles competitions, skaters perform a short technical routine and a longer, creative free routine. The skaters are judged on their performance of jumps, spins and spirals, as well as their artistry. In pairs competitions, two skaters perform two original routines together and are judged on their skills, artistry, and synchronization. In ice dancing, two skaters perform two compulsory routines and an original routine together.

Speed skating is racing on ice. Skaters are judged on their speed. Speed skating has been an Olympic sport since 1924.

Rink

Rinks are places for sports. There are several types of rinks:





Trading post

A trading post is a place where trade takes place. The path to a trading post, or between trading posts, is known as a trade route. 

Trading posts were common places in Canada and the United States when they were both new countries. People used trading posts to trade fur and other things. 

Trading posts are also used in many campsites across the United States and Canada as places to buy snacks and other things.

The clerk was in charge of a trading post and a fur trader owned the trading post.

Wasp

Wasps are members of the order Hymenoptera, which also includes ants, bees and sawflies. 

The common or garden wasps, "Vespula vulgaris", and hornets ("Vespa") are members of the eusocial family Vespidae. This has about 5000 species.

By far the greater number of wasp species (over 100,000) are the parasitic wasps. Most of them are parasitoids which lay their eggs in the caterpillars of other insect species. Almost every pest insect species has at least one wasp species that preys upon it or parasitizes it. This makes wasps vital to the natural control of pest numbers (biocontrol). Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they prey mostly on pest insects and have little impact on crops.

Many people get confused between wasps and bees. It's pretty easy to tell the difference between bees and wasps, because bees look quite hairy and wasps do not. 

Wasps have biting mouthparts and antennae with 12 or 13 segments. They usually have wings and their abdomens are attached to their thorax by a slender petiole, or a “waist”. Females have a sting, which they use for piercing and egg laying. Adult wasps feed mostly on nectar, but their larvae feed on insects or pollen, provided by the mother.

Most free-living wasps are social insects, like bees and ants, but there are a few solitary wasps. Social wasps are formed of paper wasps, yellowjackets and hornets. All three make paper nests from tree wood. They create paper cells similar to the combs that bees make with wax. They chew up bits of wood and convert it into a paste which they use to construct their paper nests.

The queen lays an egg in each cell of the nests. When it hatches the grub is fed regurgitated insects by the worker wasps. In one group, the pollen wasps, grubs are fed pollen and nectar only. Adult wasps eat only nectar.
Unlike honeybees, the only one in a social wasp colony that will survive the winter is the queen. She will find a place to hibernate - in the hollows of trees, under bark, or in the walls of buildings. In the spring, she crawls out and starts all over again building a few cells, laying a few eggs, and nurturing them until they can become workers who will do all the work while she lays more eggs.

With most species, adult parasitic wasps themselves do not take any nutrients from their prey, and, much like bees, butterflies, and moths, those that do feed as adults typically derive all of their nutrition from nectar. Parasitic wasps are typically parasitoids, and extremely diverse in habits, many laying their eggs in inert stages of their host (egg or pupa), or sometimes paralyzing their prey by injecting it with venom through their ovipositor. They then insert one or more eggs into the host or deposit them upon the host externally. The host remains alive until the parasitoid larvae are mature, usually dying either when the parasitoids pupate, or when they emerge as adults. Farmers buy these parasitic wasps for insect control in their fields. 

The mud dauber is one of the most common solitary wasps. The difference between normal wasps and mud daubers can be seen easily because of its long petiole. The female gathers together mud and puts it in her mouth to use when building her paper nest for her young. She uses her ovipositor to sting and paralyze tiny insects, spiders, caterpillars, and other creatures, which are stuffed into the mud nest. After each cell in the nest is filled and almost overflowing with spiders and insects, the mud dauber lays an egg in each cell, closes the openings, and leaves. Then, when the eggs finally hatch, the larvae, have a perfectly nice feast upon which they will dine until they become adults.

Some solitary wasps make galls, which are abnormal growths on plants. They form directly after the wasp lays its eggs, and the plant develops a growth around the egg, encasing it. The trigger for the gall to form is not known. The gall protects the eggs while they develop. Galls can be found almost everywhere in the late summer, especially on the branches of oak trees, like in this picture.

Some wasps deposit their eggs in wood so that the young wasp larvae will feed on the tree itself, making circular tunnels through the wood as they feed, until they pupate and crawl out of the tree as adult wasps.

A few people are allergic and might die if stung by a wasp. Wasps do not usually sting something unless it bothers them first. Allergy to bees is uncommon compared with allergy to wasps. Some people have a very marked local reaction to a wasp sting. This can usually be prevented with good self care such as elevation, cold compress, pain relief tablets and (if medically advised) antihistamines. 

A sting is not the same as an allergy: the reaction to a sting is a normal immune response. If a person has symptoms at a distance from the sting (spreading rash or itch, tight chest, wheeze, tight swallowing, swollen lips/face, faintness or nausea), they need to seek medical care immediately. Prevention of stings is fairly easy if people understand how wasps live. Avoid eating sweet foods in their environment and take care over sweet smells when they are particularly hungry in the autumn.



Human papillomavirus

The human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus that can infect the skin or mucous membranes (like the genitals, or inside the mouth) of humans. They cause warts. Some of them may cause cancer. There are over 100 different virus types in this group. About 40 virus types can be transmitted sexually. About 12-15 can cause cancer. 

Most cases of HPV can be prevented by a vaccine, which also would stop the HPV from causing cancer. Most cases of cervical, oral and throat cancer are caused by HPV. The HPV immunisation programme has almost eliminated cervical cancer in women born in England since September 1995.

A first step in treatment is the use of salicylic acid. This is available in pharmacies, usually without a prescription. If this does not help, the wart can be frozen, and destroyed that way, or a laser can be used to destroy it. If this still does not help, different methods of chemotherapy can be used.


Salicylic acid

Salicylic acid is a chemical substance. It is an acid. It is the base ingredient for a drug called aspirin. It is also used as a food preservative, and to treat diseases of the skin, like acne or warts. It is also used in shampoos to treat dandruff (flaking skin on the head).

Shampoo

Shampoo is a beauty care product. It is used to remove natural oils from hair. It is like liquid soap, but it is made to wash hair. It is sold in stores, and many people use it to make their hair clean. After people use shampoo, they might use a conditioner, which makes the hair soft. Together they have a good effect on a person's hair. The people who make shampoo try to make it smell nice. They also try to make the shampoo healthier.

In addition to shampoo for hair, there are body shampoos made to wash an entire body.

Dmitri Shostakovich

Dmitri Dmitriyevich Shostakovich (born St Petersburg, September 25 1906; died Moscow August 9 1975) was a Russian-Soviet composer.

Shostakovich's parents came from Siberia. His father was a biologist and engineer, and his mother was a pianist. They lived comfortably, although this was to change after the Revolution (1917). Shostakovich studied the piano and composition at the Petrograd Conservatory (St. Petersburg was called Petrograd between 1914 and 1924, after which it became Leningrad until 1991 when it became St. Petersburg again). After his mother died, the family were short of money, so young Dmitri had to earn money by playing the piano in cinemas for silent movies. He worked extremely hard and with a lot of concentration. He was very successful both as a pianist and a composer. His Symphony No. 1 was very popular. His music sounded very modern with lots of dissonant chords. His first dramatic works include an opera called "The Nose" and a ballet called "The Golden Age".

In 1930 he wrote an important opera called "Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District". It was a huge success, and the critics said that “it could only have been written by a Soviet composer brought up in the best traditions of Soviet culture”. One night in 1936 Stalin came to watch it. He left before the end. Two days later there was an article in the official government paper "Pravda". The title was “Chaos instead of Music”. It said that this opera was primitive and vulgar, full of screaming and noise. The politicians were criticizing not just Shostakovich but all modern Soviet music. Shostakovich was denounced, and his friends were too frightened to defend him in case they were denounced as well. Shostakovich suffered quietly and wrote his Fifth Symphony. The politicians liked this symphony. He was once more thought of as the leading Soviet composer. He was supposed to have said that his new symphony was the “creative reply of a Soviet artist to justified criticism”, but it was actually a critic who said this. Shortly afterward, he received the Stalin Prize for his Piano Quintet.

During World War II Shostakovich was evacuated with his wife and two children. His next two symphonies, nos.7 "Leningrad" and 8, describe the war. They were hugely popular in the West. In the United States, the Seventh Symphony became the symbol of resistance against Nazism.

After the war, Soviet politicians again began to control and criticize artistic life very hard. In 1948, there was a big meeting at which Shostakovich, Prokofiev, and several other composers were criticized. Their music was called “formalist”, “anti-democratic”, and lots of other things which had nothing to do with music. There was nothing the composers could do except to say how sorry they were. For the next five years, Shostakovich was careful not to write anything the politiciones would not like. He wrote songs such as "The Sun Shines on our Motherland". Some of his other compositions in which he expressed his real feelings were kept in a drawer so that no one could see them.

In 1953, Stalin died and things became easier again. Shostakovich wrote his Tenth Symphony. The whole world now saw Shostakovich as the greatest Soviet composer. He suffered less from official repression. Surprisingly, articles criticizing the music of modern young composers carried his name, but a lot of these articles he had not written. He was persuaded to sign them so that the politicians would leave him in peace. He wrote more symphonies and quartets as well as concertos. His opera "Lady Macbeth" was revised and given a different title: "Katerina Izmaylova". It was performed in many countries and was made into a movie. Yet in 1962, he wrote his very serious Symphony No. 13 using poems including one of the Babi Yar massacre, so he suffered from repression again.

In his later years, Shostakovich suffered from ill-health. He had poliomyelitis (also known as polio), which made it difficult for him to use his hands and legs. He suffered several heart attacks, and started to lose his sight. He died of lung cancer in 1975.

Shostakovich is best known for his fifteen symphonies and fifteen string quartets. His most important opera is "Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District". He also wrote a lot of film music and music for plays including "Hamlet". Shostakovich read a lot of Russian literature. His songs had words by famous Russian writers such as Alexander Pushkin, Fyodor Dostoevsky, Marina Tsvetaeva and Alexander Blok. He wrote twenty-four Preludes and Fugues for piano, a piano trio, two piano concertos, a piano quintet, a sonata for cello and piano, and a sonata for viola and piano (his last work).

He had lots of friends who regularly gave the first performances of his works. Most of his symphonies were first performed by the Leningrad Philharmonic conducted by Eugeny Mravinsky. His string quartets were first performed by the Beethoven String Quartet. The violinist David Oistrakh, the cellist Mstislav Rostropovitch, and the pianist Sviatoslav Richter were all close friends who played his music.

Shostakovich had an amazing musical memory and could play almost anything he knew by ear. When he was young he spent hours improvising, composing, and playing. Although he had small hands, he was a very gifted pianist. He had no difficulty in playing any of his works on the piano, even music written for an orchestra. He often played his music too fast and without much expression.

Shostakovich was a very nervous person. He was shy and very self-critical. He hated having to talk to people he did not know. He did not sit still, always fidgeting and twitching his face nervously. He was, however, always very polite and very kind to everyone he met. He was very careful not to criticize musicians who asked him for advice. He said very little, but what he said was carefully thought out. He wrote lots of letters to the authorities to try to help his friends. He was very reliable, and always tried to arrive on time. In his last years, he found it very difficult to use his hands because of his illness, but he always insisted on writing down his music himself.


Transparency

In optics, transparency is the property of allowing light to pass through something. 

An object that is transparent can be seen through. The image you see through a transparent object is similar to the image you see without it. However, the object may be changed if the transparent object behaves like a lens or like an optical filter; this could change the size, shape, or color of the image. The opposite of transparency is opacity.

Some animals are transparent, so predators cannot see them so easily. An example of a transparent animal is the jellyfish. Transparency works better in places with a small amount of light than in places with lots of light.

If some light can be seen through an object but some of the detail of the image is lost, it is a translucent material. 

Light passes through a translucent object, but you cannot see objects behind it. The light passes through but the material scatters the light, so you cannot see the object, only its shadow.

Examples of translucent materials are frosted glass, thin paper, and some types of amber.

Punjab region

Punjab is a region in northern South Asia. It is divided by the Radcliffe Line: The western part is in the eastern part of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan; the eastern part is in the northwestern part of the Republic of India. It is in a plain, with the River Indus flowing through the western part. The soil is very fertile. It lives from agriculture. Main religions in the region are Islam, Sikhism and Hinduism. Today Panjab region is divided in 8 parts: Panjab (Pakistan), Islamabad Capital Territory (Pakistan), Panjab (India),Haryana (India), Himachal Pradesh (India), Delhi Capital Territory (India), Chandigarh (India).


Hepatitis

Hepatitis is a disease of the liver. In hepatitis, the liver is inflamed. There can be several reasons why the liver is inflamed. For this reason there are several kinds of hepatitis. The most common forms are Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C. Most cases of Hepatitis are caused by viruses. Some forms are caused by bacteria, fungi or parasites. The bacteria that cause tuberculosis or syphilis can also cause hepatitis; so can the parasite that causes malaria. 

Hepatitis can also be caused by alcohol. About one in four people who drink more than three alcoholic drinks a day (over a period of 10–15 days) will have some form of hepatitis caused by alcohol.

Various drugs and chemicals can also cause hepatitis, most notably paracetamol (overdose), yellow phosphorous, and others. Hepatitis may also be caused by other diseases.

Hepatitis A can be spread through personal contact, eating raw seafood, or drinking water with the hepatitis A virus in it. This happens mostly in third world countries. Strict personal hygiene and avoiding raw and unpeeled foods can help prevent an infection. 

Once a person has hepatitis A, their immune system makes antibodies to fight the virus. This will make them immune against future infection. 

People with hepatitis A should rest, drink a lot of water and avoid alcohol. The time between the infection and the start of the illness can run from 15 to 45 days. About 15% of people with hepatitis A have symptoms from six months to a year after the first diagnosis. Infected people excrete the hepatitis A virus in their stool two weeks before and one week after the appearance of jaundice. 

There is a vaccine for hepatitis A. It will protect against hepatitis A for life. 

Hepatitis B is not spread by food or casual contact. Instead, hepatitis B is spread by blood or body fluids from an infected person. A baby can get it from its mother during childbirth, and it can also be spread by sexual contact, use of street drugs, and unsafe medical care. Some people just have hepatitis B for a little while and then suppress the infection. Others can be infected for life, usually with few or no symptoms for many years. Hepatitis B sometimes damages the liver severely, and can cause cancer and cirrhosis. 

There is a vaccine that can prevent hepatitis B. There is no cure for hepatitis B, but there is treatment.

Hepatitis C is not spread by food or casual contact. It is spread in ways that are similar to hepatitis B. There is no vaccine, and the treatment is somewhat unpleasant. People with hepatitis C who drink alcohol greatly increase their risk for liver damage.


Rodeo

A rodeo is a North American sport. It is a collection of several similar activities that came from the history of the day-to-day lives of Mexican vaqueros (cowboys) and American cowboys. It has events that came from the handling of cattle, and the riding and training of horses. Rodeos started as a competition between the cowboys to see who was the best. Over time it has gone from taking a collection of money for the person who won to today's large professional competitions such as the National Finals Rodeo with a lot of money for the winners.

Dewey Decimal System

The Dewey Decimal System is a way to put books in order by subject. It is often used in public libraries and schools in the United States and other countries. It places the books on the shelf by subject using numbers from 000 to 999. It is called "decimal" because it uses numbers to the right of the decimal point for more detail (e.g. 944.1 for History of Brittany). Each subject has its own group of numbers. The system was created by Melvil Dewey in 1876. It is also called the Dewey Decimal Classification. The classification has been changed many times. The latest change is number 23 in 2011. There is also a smaller one for small libraries called "Abridged Dewey". 

Each subject is broken up into 10 smaller, more specific categories.

Here is a list of some sections in it:



Rhombus

A rhombus is a parallelogram with all sides equal in length. A rhombus with all angles equal is called a square. The word "rhombus" comes from the Greek word "rhombos", meaning "spinning top". A rhombus is sometimes called a diamond, but not all rhombi are diamond shaped.
To find the perimeter of a rhombus, just add up all the sides. Also opposite sides are parallel and opposite angles are equal. Another interesting thing is that the diagonals (dashed lines in second figure) meet in the middle at a right angle.

Change (money)

Change is the money returned after paying for something with more money than it costs. For example, if someone buys a 25-pence sweet bar with 1 pound (100 pence), they will get 75 pence back.

Change can also mean any kind of money in coin form. To have "exact change" means to have the exact cost of the item. In the United States, buses require people riding the bus to have "exact change". The bus does not give money back. They must pay exactly what the cost is, they can not pay more.

Homework

Homework, or a homework assignment, is a set of tasks assigned to students by their teachers to be completed outside the classroom. Common homework assignments may include required reading, a writing or typing project, mathematical exercises to be completed, information to be read before a test, or other skills to be practiced. 

The effects of homework are debated, since it lowers self esteem. It also may not actually help students since everyone learns differently. Generally speaking, homework does not help young children. Homework may help older students, especially low-achieving students. However, homework also creates stress for students and parents, and reduces the amount of time that students can spend in other activities. 

Homework dates back to the 1900s, though it may have existed from earlier. 

Garlic

Garlic (species Allium sativum) is a type of plant that people eat for food. Garlic is related to onions, shallots, and leeks. It has a very strong flavor and smell. Most of the time, people use it as a flavoring so that it helps make food taste better.

Garlic is used as herbal medicine in the treatment of cold and flu. It has side effects of heartburn, flatulence and sweating.

The part of the garlic plant that people eat is called the head. It grows at the bottom of a long green stalk. People pull the head apart into smaller pieces called cloves of garlic. Cloves have papery skin on them. People peel off the skin before cooking the cloves.

People plant garlic in the fall right after the first frost. They plant the clove like a seed. One clove can grow into a whole head. The garlic plant grows its roots before the ground freezes for winter. People harvest (collect) the garlic in the middle of the next summer.

Garlic cultivation is when you grow garlic plants for their bulbs. The bulbs are the part of the plant that you eat or use for cooking. They have a strong smell and taste, and they are good for your health. To grow garlic, you need to do these things:

Choose healthy pieces of garlic to plant. They are called cloves. Each clove can grow into a new plant.

Find a place with good soil that is not too wet or too dry. The soil should have organic matter, like compost or manure, to make it rich and fertile. The place should also get enough sunlight, at least 6 hours a day.

Dig holes in the soil about 2 inches deep and 6 to 8 inches apart. Put one clove in each hole, with the pointy end facing up. Cover the cloves with soil and press it lightly.

Water the soil well after planting, and then water it once a week or when it is dry. Do not water too much or too little, as this can affect the growth of the bulbs.

Give the plants some nutrients, like fertilizer or organic matter, to help them grow better. You can do this when you plant them, or after a few weeks. Do not give too much nitrogen, as this can make the bulbs soft and rubbery.

Remove any weeds that grow near the plants, as they can take away water and nutrients from the garlic. You can use a hoe or your hands to pull out the weeds.

Wait for the plants to grow and form bulbs. This can take 3 to 6 months, depending on the variety and the weather. The plants need some cold weather, called vernalization, to make the bulbs. You can tell when the bulbs are ready by looking at the leaves. When the leaves turn yellow and dry, it is time to harvest.

Dig out the bulbs carefully from the soil, using a spade or a fork. Do not pull them by the leaves, as this can damage the bulbs. Shake off any excess soil and cut off the roots and leaves. Leave a few inches of the stem attached to the bulb.

Dry the bulbs in a place that is dry, cool, and airy for a few weeks. This is called curing. It helps the bulbs last longer and have a better flavor. You can lay them on a flat surface, or hang them in bunches or braids.

Store the bulbs in a dry, dark, and cool place, like a basement or a pantry. You can keep them in a mesh bag, a paper bag, or a cardboard box. Do not store them in a plastic bag, as this can make them rot. Check them regularly and remove any bad ones.

Growing garlic is not very hard, but it needs some care and attention. If you follow these steps, you can grow your own garlic and enjoy its benefits.

Garlic is in legends about vampires. In these legends, vampires do not like garlic. Garlic keeps vampires away. Writers for the Toronto Garlic Festival say this might be because the vampire legend comes from the disease porphyria. People with porphyria do not like to eat foods that have sulfur in them, like garlic.

Glaze

Glaze is a layer or coating used on pottery or ceramics. It may be called vitreous enamel or porcelain enamel. Powdered glass is fused onto ceramics by firing to between 750 and 850 °C (1,380 and 1,560 °F). The powder melts, flows, and then hardens to a smooth, lasting vitreous coating on metal, or on glass or ceramics. This is done in a kiln. 

There are many different types of glaze, some are used for decoration and some are used to make pottery watertight so it can hold liquids. Glaze serves to colour, decorate, strengthen or waterproof an item.

Glazing is important for earthenware vessels as otherwise they would leak water. Glaze is also used on stoneware and porcelain. In addition to the functional aspect of glazes, they can form a variety of surface finishes, including degrees of gloss and matte and colour. Glazes may also enhance an underlying design or texture. 

Glaze is used on building materials. The Iron Pagoda, built in 1049 in Kaifeng, China, of glazed bricks is an example.

Ceramic glaze raw materials generally include silica, which forms glass when fired. Metal oxides, such as sodium, potassium and calcium, act as a "flux" to lower the melting temperature. Alumina, often derived from clay, stiffens the molten glaze to prevent it from running off the piece. Colour comes from iron oxide, copper carbonate or cobalt carbonate. Tin oxide or zirconium oxide make the glaze opaque.

Nuclear

Nuclear means relating to a nucleus. It may be about:

In mathematics:

In sociology:

Stanford University

The Leland Stanford Junior University, often called Stanford University (or simply Stanford), is a private university next to Palo Alto in California, in the middle of Silicon Valley,
about 37 miles (60 kilometers) southeast of San Francisco and about 20 miles northwest of San José, in Santa Clara County. Leland and Jane Stanford opened the university on 1 October 1891. They named the university after their son, Leland Stanford Junior, who died at young age.

With one of the largest university campuses in the United States, the university includes the Schools of Engineering, Law, Medicine, Education, Business, Earth Sciences, and Humanities and Sciences. Stanford also hosts volunteer programs and a teaching hospital.

Leland Stanford Junior died in Europe in 1884. His parents, Leland and Jane Stanford, were rich and influential Californians. They chose to turn a farm they already owned into a large university, as a memorial to their curious son. Stanford had early trouble, as the school ran low on money, and was hurt by the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake.

Herbert Hoover, who later became the US President, helped the school improve its operations, and later university leaders pushed students and alumni to develop the surrounding area. By the 1950s, cities around Stanford University were filling with technology companies, starting what became Silicon Valley.

Stanford has many special areas. In honor of Stanford graduate and US president Herbert Hoover, Stanford hosts a large think tank and archive called the Hoover Institution. Many former students, like the founders of HP, donate lots of money and have buildings named after them. A large radio telescope called "The Dish" sits on the hills above Stanford.

Stanford has about 7,000 undergraduate students, and a larger number of students working on advanced degrees. Few high school students who apply to Stanford are accepted - over the last several years, only four out of every hundred students who applied were offered a spot.

People who graduated from Stanford University are:

People who have worked at Stanford are:

Beta (disambiguation)

Beta can mean one of the following:

Palladium

Palladium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Pd. It has the atomic number 46. It is a noble metal. It is silver white. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. It is also part of the platinum group.

Palladium has similar chemistry to platinum. It is extracted from (made by taking from) some copper and nickel ores. Its main use is as a catalyst and also in jewellery. 

Personal care

Personal care items are toiletry items. These are products used by people to look after their bodies, and to improve their appearance. They are usually sold in chemist shops and supermarkets. Many celebrities use beauty products.

Personal care includes products as diverse as cleansing pads, bandages, colognes, cotton swabs, cotton pads, deodorant, eye liner, facial tissue, hair clippers, lip gloss, lipstick, lotion, makeup, nail files, pomade, perfumes, razors, shaving cream, moisturizer, talcum powder, toilet paper, toothpaste, and wet wipes.


Irish Republican Army

The Irish Republican Army or IRA originated from the Irish Republican Brotherhood, and fought against the British Army to get freedom for Ireland in the Irish War of Independence. After some time when the IRA had fought the island of Ireland was split up and the Republic of Ireland became independent, the IRA split up and some parts of it were involved in the fighting in Northern Ireland called "The Troubles". The original IRA are now named as ná Óglaigh na hÉireann. While the other IRA have used guerilla tacticts to achieve a united Ireland free from British rule.

The Irish Republican Army (Irish: Óglaigh na hÉireann) was formed from the joining of a part of the Irish Brotherhood with the union's Irish Citizens Army militia after the Easter Rising of 1916.

After the unilateral declaration of independence by the Irish Parliament in 1919, the IRA continued the war against British occupation in what was called the Irish War of Independence. This ended in 1921 with the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty, which divided the island into the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The signing of the treaty led to a split in the IRA between those who were against the treaty and those who were for it. This led to a very bitter civil war, which saw former friends and even family members on different sides. The IRA lost the civil war but the group did not go away and they continued to fight Great Britain.

In the 1930s, the leftist group achieved some success in overcoming the division between Catholics and Protestants in Northern Ireland . The refusal of IRA-Leadership, to cooperate with this course, led to a further division. Frank Ryan led a part of the Congress-group after Spain, where they are in the Spanish Civil War against General Francisco Franco.

The brutal police action against the Northern Ireland civil rights movement and the raids by loyalist paramilitaries in 1967 brought the IRA back on the map. At that time and until the end of the 80s were Northern Irish Catholics were in a legal vacuum, and were de facto vulnerable to the whims of the official from Britain supported nordir-Protestant police forces and paramilitary groups. Open violence to murders, torture, open prosecution, defamation and exclusion of qualified training and public offices were years of normalcy for the Northern Irish Catholics. The IRA obtained the support of large parts of the Catholic population, and almost had the status of a "protecting power". Some Irish-Americans also supported the violence. 

In the 60s, there were differences between the military and the Provisionals oriented rather Marxist-theory oriented Officials. This resulted 1969 to re-divide into Provisional Irish Republican Army PIRA and the "official" group OIRA, which is strong in the civil rights movement-oriented. The "official" wing of the IRA never formally dissolved, but is de facto since about 1980 is no longer relevant.
In the 80 years changed the leadership of the Provisional IRA, instead of the veterans from the south over younger activists from Northern Ireland to key positions. At the top of the Sinn Féin joined Gerry Adams, the party clearly to the left. In 1993 he initiated jointly with the Social Democrats John Hume to the peace process, in August 1994, the IRA a unilateral ceasefire, a prerequisite for the Good Friday Agreement created. Despite the ceasefire, the IRA remained active even though not fighting.

Only two small splinter groups held up at the last state of war: The Real IRA and the Continuity IRA. When a car bomb attack the splinter group, which is called "Real IRA", in August 1998, in Northern Ireland Omagh were a total of 29 people killed.
On 28 In July 2005, the end of the IRA's armed warfare. "All IRA-Soldiers have been instructed to lay down their arms," reads a statement from the IRA days, and continued: "We believe that there is now an alternative way, (…) the British rule in our country to an end.”On 26 September 2005, the complete disarmament of the IRA by the head of thedisarmament commission, Canadian General John de Chastelain, announced. Two pastors, one Catholic, one Protestant were present at the destruction of weapons, no photographs or video was allowed to be taken as proof.
On 29 In October 2005 Gerry Adams said that the IRA campaign had "clearly come to an end".

Rhythm and blues

Rhythm and blues (also known as R&B or RnB) is a popular music genre combining jazz, gospel, and blues influences, first performed by African American artists. It is now performed worldwide by people of many cultures and ethnic groups.

During the 1960s, James Brown and Sly & the Family Stone had used parts of psychedelic rock and other styles in their music. Funk became a big part of disco music. In the early 1980s, funk and soul had become sultry and more sexual with the work of Prince and others. The modern style of "contemporary R&B" came to be a major part of American popular music.

R&B today defines a style of African-American music. It combines elements of soul music, funk music, pop music, and (after 1986) hip hop in what is now called "contemporary R&B".

It is sometimes called "urban contemporary" or "urban pop".

By the 2000s, the only big difference between a record being a hip hop record or an R&B record is whether its vocals are rapped or sung. R&B started to focus more on solo artists than groups. By 2005, the most famous R&B artists include Usher, Beyoncé (formerly of Destiny's Child), Ashanti, and Mariah Carey.

Soulful R&B continues to be popular, with artists such as Alicia Keys, R. Kelly, John Legend, and Toni Braxton. Some R&B singers have used parts of Caribbean music in their work.


Tungsten

Tungsten (sometimes named wolfram) is a chemical element on the periodic table. It has the chemical symbol W and it has the atomic number 74. It is a steel-gray to white colored metal. Tungsten’s electron shell formula is: 2, 8, 18, 32, 12, 2. In chemistry, it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. Tungsten is found in several ores, including wolframite and scheelite.

Tungsten has a higher melting point than any other non-alloy that exists. The pure form (only tungsten) is mainly used in electrical equipment. Its compounds and alloys are used for many things, the most well known being its use in electrical filaments for light bulbs. It is also used in the filament and target in most X-ray tubes, superalloys, and in glass-to-metal seals.

Tungsten's density and hardness have many uses. In the military, for example, tungsten has been used in armor-piercing artillery. It is also used in machine tools.

Tungsten's density is almost the same as gold. Gold-plated tungsten ingots have been fraudulently passed off as solid gold.

Arc

An arc is a part of a circle. An arc is a curved line. The curve of an arc is constant and does not change (that is, an arc has constant curvature). It sometimes is portrayed as a dotted line.

In a circle, the arc from point A to point B is written as formula_1. We call the length of an arc an arc length. For an arc on a circle with radius "formula_2" subtended by an angle formula_3, its arc length is precisely formula_4.


Particulate

Particulates are very tiny pieces of a solid or liquid that are carried floating in a gas. When the tiny pieces are solid, it is called a smoke. When the tiny pieces are liquid, it is called an aerosol. Aerosols can be naturally found in clouds and geysers. There are also artificial aerosols such as haze and some air pollutants. Smokes can be found naturally in wildfires and volcanoes. Artificially, they can be found in cigarettes, factories and power plants. Both of them can cause air pollution and climate change. It is the job of a air filter to remove them.

Shorthand

Shorthand or stenography is a way of writing. Shorthand systems allow people to write much faster. Shorthand systems have been in use since antiquity. Now, they are not used as much, because there are dictation machines to record voices.


Sine wave

A sine wave is a curve, a continuous function with this shape: 

This is a picture of a sine wave.

All waves can be made by adding up sine waves. The sine wave has a pattern that repeats. The length of this repeating piece of the sine wave is called the wavelength. The wavelength can be found by measuring the length or distance between one peak of a sine wave and the next peak. The wavelength can be found in many other ways too. 

Waves are found everywhere in the natural world. Examples of waves:
All of these waves are the sum total of many signals.

Sine waves have a "length" called a wavelength. There are other properties of waves and sine waves, such as their frequency, amplitude, phase, and speed.

Sine waves repeat over time, so this makes them periodic. The time it takes for a part of the sine wave (one cycle) to travel before it repeats itself is called the period, represented by the letter T. The frequency of a sine wave is the number of oscillations it makes in one second. This is measured in Hertz, which have units of s. The frequency can be found by dividing 1/T (this is also called taking the reciprocal). 

The amplitude of the wave corresponds to how powerful the signal is. For example, a higher amplitude in a sound wave means it is louder. 

Collingwood Football Club

Collingwood Football Club, the Magpies, is a club which plays Australian rules football in the AFL. It comes from Collingwood, a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria. In the AFL/VFL, it has won 16 premierships, which is a joint league record with Essendon and Carlton.

The Collingwood Football Club was formed in February 1892. Collingwood played its first game in the Victorian Football Association on 7 May 1892, against Carlton. In 1902, Collingwood won its first premiership against the Essendon Football Club.

The Victorian Football League (VFL) formed in 1897. Collingwood was one of the original teams (along with Fitzroy, Melbourne, St Kilda, Carlton, Essendon, South Melbourne and Geelong). In the early years of the VFL, Collingwood was the most successful team; it won 11 premierships in the first 40 years. They won the most recent AFL premiership against Brisbane in 2023.

<poem>
"Good old Collingwood forever,"
"They know how to play the game."
"Side by side, they stick together,"
"To uphold the Magpies name."
"See, the barrackers are shouting,"
"As all barrackers should."
"Oh, the premiership's a cakewalk,"
"For the good old Collingwood."
</poem>


Vibration

Vibration means quickly moving back and forth (or up and down) about a point of equilibrium. The vibration may be periodic (having a pattern) or random. Something that is vibrating may shake at the same time. If it vibrates in a regular way, it may produce a musical note because it can make the air vibrate. This vibration will send sound waves to the ear and to the brain.

In structural engineering including earthquake engineering, vibrations may be bad. They may cause the structure to fail.

The time it takes a vibrating object to go back and forth completely is the period. The number of back-and-forth movements in one second is its frequency, measured in Hertz (Hz). The farthest possible distance from the equilibrium point is the amplitude.

Free vibration occurs when vibration is set off with a push and allowed to vibrate freely. Examples of this type of vibration are pulling a child back on a swing and then letting go or hitting a tuning fork and letting it ring. The mechanical system will then vibrate at a 'Natural frequency' and gradually wind down.

Forced vibration is when an alternating force or motion is applied to a mechanical system. Examples of this type of vibration include 
In forced vibration the frequency of the vibration is the frequency of the force or motion applied. The size of the effect depends on the actual mechanical system.


Molybdenum

Molybdenum is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Mo. It has the atomic number 42. It has 35 isotopes. The name Molybdenum is from the Greek meaning "leadlike". The color of pure molybdenum is silvery-white. It does not occur naturally, and is made from molybdenite.

It is used in alloys with other metals like stainless steel. It helps to make metal stronger, especially in high temperatures, and makes it less likely to rust. This makes it good for use in high speed tools, such as drills and saw blades. It is used in aircraft and missile parts, as well as in nuclear reactors. It is also not toxic, so it is used in making metal bowls for use in making food, medicines and other chemicals.

Molybdenum was used for many years before it was identified in 1778 by Swedish scientist, Carl Wilhelm Scheele. In 1782, Peter Jacob Hjelm was able to separate it into a dark powder he called "molybdenum". It was first mined in 1916 at Climax, near Leadville, in Colorado.

Solution (chemistry)

In chemistry, a solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances. The substances that are dissolved are called solutes. The substance the solutes are dissolved in is called the solvent. An example from everyday experience is a solid like salt or sugar (which are crystalline solids), dissolved in a liquid (like water). Gases can dissolve in liquids. An example is carbon dioxide or oxygen in water. Liquids may dissolve in other liquids and gases in other gases.

The amount of solute added to the solvent determines the concentration of the solution. The solution with the large amount of solute is called a concentrated solution; the solution with less solute is called a dilute solution.

Examples of solid solutions are alloys and some minerals. For example, brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.


Insurance

Insurance is a term in law and economics. It is something people buy to protect themselves from losing money. People who buy insurance pay a "premium" (often paid every month) and promise to be careful (a "duty of care"). In exchange for this, if something bad happens to the person or thing that is insured, the company that sold the insurance will pay the money back. (However, there are some times when the company will not have to pay the money back, such as if the person was not careful.)

There are different kinds of insurance. There are life insurance and general insurance.

In life insurance, someone ensures their life or someone else's life. At the death of the insured person or on the date of maturity whichever happens earlier, the amount insured will be paid. 

General insurance is a non-life policy, such as: 
Actuaries are the people who figure out how much the premium should be, forecast trends, evaluate the cost impact of medical programs, design and price new products, assist in designing formulary models, and forecast the impact of risk adjustment on revenues. They balance how much the insurer might have to pay out against the chances of having to pay out. If actuaries think there is a big chance that the company will have to pay out, they will make the premium higher.

Bunsen burner

A Bunsen burner is a common piece of laboratory equipment. It is commonly used for heating chemical substances, sterilization, and combustion. It works by burning flammable gas. It is named after Robert Wilhelm Bunsen, a German chemist. He made important improvements on an earlier burner invented by Michael Faraday. 

The Bunsen burner can be adjusted to make a flame that is very hot without making much light. This allows seeing the different colors that various chemicals make when they are sprinkled into the flame. 

Reaction

A reaction might refer to:

Michael Faraday

Michael Faraday (Newington Butts, Surrey, 22 September 1791 – Hampton Court, Surrey, 25 August 1867) was the son of a blacksmith who became one of the most famous scientists of the 19th century.

He was sent to a local school to learn how to read and write. A local vicar paid for this, seeing his obvious intelligence. Faraday became the greatest experimental physicist of the nineteenth century.

Faraday became a Fellow of the Royal Society, and was awarded the Royal, Copley and Rumford medals of the Society. Although Faraday had only primary school education, and did not know higher mathematics, he became one of the most influential scientists in history. For the most part, he was an autodidact: he taught himself.

At the time when he lived, people like him were called "natural philosophers". Then, only a little was known about electricity. Michael Faraday discovered many things about the way electricity flowing in a wire can act like a magnet (now called electromagnetism). He also found out a lot about the way electricity can be used with chemicals to make them change (now called electrochemistry).

He showed that magnetism is able to affect rays of light, as there is an underlying relationship between the two phenomena. His inventions of electromagnetic rotary devices formed the foundation of electric motor technology, and it was largely due to his efforts that electricity became viable for use in technology. He made the first electric motor. It is thanks to his early work that electricity has been made into a useful thing today.

As a chemist, Michael Faraday discovered benzene, invented an early type of Bunsen burner and popularized terminology such as anode, cathode, electrode and ion. Faraday was the first Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution of Great Britain, a position to which he was appointed for life. He was also the Director of the Royal Institution after Sir Humphrey Davy.

Albert Einstein kept a photograph of Faraday on his study wall alongside pictures of Isaac Newton and James Clerk Maxwell.

Michael Faraday's family was poor. His father, James, was a blacksmith. James Faraday had come to London in the 1780s from North-West England. The young Michael Faraday was one of four children and only had the most basic school education. At fourteen he went to learn how to be a bookbinder and bookseller from a man called George Riebau.

During his seven-year study of making books with Riebau, he read many books. He read Isaac Watts's "The improvement of the mind". Faraday loved to use the ideas in this book in his work. He became interested in science, especially in electricity. He began to attend public lessons run by the best scientists in London at the time. He showed the notes he made the great chemist Sir Humphrey Davy. Davy liked him and offered him a job as an assistant in March 1813.

Faraday's knowledge continued to grow as he helped Sir Humphrey Davy until he made discoveries on his own. He was eventually made a professor in 1833. The importance of his work was seen within his lifetime and the British government gave him a pension in his old age as a reward.

Faraday was a strong Christian. He belonged to a church that came from the Church of Scotland. He thought that both God and the physical world should be loved and made known. 

Faraday also discovered that if electricity strikes a metal object, it will only pass through the outside of the object. The inside is unaffected by the electricity. This is what keeps the people inside safe when lightning strikes a car or a plane. This is now called Faraday's Cage.

Faraday stated that when a magnet moves across a coil and creates "electricity" , this effect is only secondary, and does not account for what is actually taking place inside the wire. 



Robert Bunsen

Robert Wilhelm Eberhard Bunsen (30 March 1811 – 16 August 1899) was a German chemist. He improved the bunsen burner which now has his name. It was invented by Michael Faraday. 

Much more important was the work he did which led to spectroscopy. Together with Gustav Kirchhoff, he developed a method of using the spectrum of light to identify the composition of solids,liquids or gases. Spectroscopy originated through the study of visible light dispersed according to its wavelength, for example, by a prism. Bunsen found the elements caesium and rubidium with his spectroscope. 

In 1841, Bunsen developed the Bunsen cell, by improving the galvanic cell William Grove had developed in 1839.

Keith Haring

Keith Haring (May 4, 1958 - February 16, 1990) was an American artist. He was famous in the 1980s for his art, which was a mixture of graffiti and pop art and used bright colors and simplistic images, as well as social and homoerotic themes. Haring also donated money to children's causes and organizations. His artwork became well known around the world. Haring was openly gay. He died of an AIDS-related illness in 1990. The Keith Haring Foundation set up in 1989, continues his legacy of promoting art and helping children.


The Adventures of Tintin

The Adventures of Tintin () is a Belgian comic strip, created by Hergé (Georges Remi) starting in the late 1920s and into the 1970s. They were originally written and published in French, but have been translated into many languages and are popular around the world.

The stories center around a young reporter from Belgium named Tintin, who travels the world and has many exciting adventures with his dog, a white wire fox terrier named Snowy (Milou, in French) and later (starting with "The Crab with the Golden Claws" in 1941) his friend, Captain Haddock, a bearded drunk with a temper. Other popular characters include Professor Cuthbert Calculus (Professeur Tryphon Tournesol) an absent-minded and mostly deaf (but he insists he's hard of hearing) scientist and inventor, and Thomson and Thompson (Dupond et Dupont), two silly detectives.

The stories are a mixture of many different genres, including adventure, satire, and social commentary and changed over time. The first story, "Tintin in the Land of Soviets" came out in 1929, and the last fully completed story, "Tintin and the Picaros", came out in 1976. Another story, "Tintin in Alph-Art", was never officially finished following the death of Hergé in 1983. There have been many unofficial books, but most of those are parodies or not part of the official series. The books in the official series are:

There have also been plays, films, and animated cartoons based on the stories. Steven Spielberg and Peter Jackson have made a movie about Tintin. There are also Tintin Shops in Europe, which sell books, toys, and other items based on the books.



Alimentary canal

Alimentary canal is the term used in zoology for the gut of vertebrates. For humans in particular, see digestive system.

The canal (or tube) carries food through digestion and excretion. Into the tube come various digestive enzymes. Gut flora help digestion, and the production of vitamins. Muscular movements pass the material down the tube. The gut usually has an exit, the anus, by which the animal disposes of solid wastes. Some small animals have no anus and dispose of solid wastes by other means, for example through the mouth.

The gut evolved at least twice, an example of convergent evolution. Protostomes develop their mouths first, while deuterostomes develop their mouths second. Protostome include arthropods, molluscs, and annelids, and deuterostomes include echinoderms and chordates, including humans.

Selenium

Selenium is a chemical element. Its chemical symbol is Se and its atomic number is 34. It has 34 protons and 34 electrons and a mass number of 78.96. 

Selenium (selenium atoms only) has several different forms. They are called allotropes. The most stable of these is a dense gray semimetal (an element that is partially a metal and a nonmetal). The way the atoms are put together is a named a trigonal polymer chain. It lets electricity pass through it better in the light than in the dark. This form is used in photocells. 

Selenium also has many nonconductive forms: a black glass-like substance, as well as several red crystalline forms. In the red form the eight atoms of selenium form ring to make a molecule. These rings then stack together to make the solid red selenium. The way that red seleniums atoms are put together is similar to sulfur.

Selenium is not very reactive. It does not dissolve in acids except nitric acid. It also dissolves in alkalis like sodium hydroxide. It reacts with air when powdered to make selenium(IV) oxide. It does not react with many things, so selenium(IV) oxide is what most selenium compounds are made from.

Selenium forms several oxidation states; -2, +2, +4, and +6. The -2 state is in selenides. Selenides are strong reducing agents. They are stronger reducing agents than sulfides. Hydrogen selenide is the acid made from selenide ion. Selenium also reacts with reactive metals to make selenides, such as sodium selenide or aluminium selenide.

The +1 state is found in some selenium compounds, such as selenium(I) chloride. They are the most unreactive selenium compounds.

The +4 state is found in selenites. Selenites and selenous acid are moderate oxidizing agents. It is made by dissolving selenium dioxide in water and making selenous acid. Then selenous acid is reacted with bases to make selenites.

The +6 state is found in selenates. Selenates and selenic acid are powerful oxidizing agents. Selenic acid can even dissolve gold! They are made by reacting hydrogen peroxide with selenium(IV) oxide to get selenium(VI) oxide, which dissolves in water to make selenic acid. Selenates are more reactive than sulfates.

Most selenium compounds are colorless. Selenium compounds are not common.

Selenides are the most common -2 compounds. Selenides are strong reducing agents.


+4 compounds can exist in anions or cations.

Selenites are weak oxidizing agents.

+6 compounds can exist in anions or cations, too.

Selenates are powerful oxidizing agents.

Selenium is very rarely found as an element in the ground. Most selenium in soil is in a very tiny amount. It is easily washed away. It is in very small amounts in the human body. Selenium is found most in sulfide ores like pyrite. This selenium is in selenides. Selenium is gotten as a byproduct. Sometimes selenium is concentrated in plants. It can also be leached into rivers when copper is mined. Too much selenium is bad for a river. Some coal has selenium in it.

It is made as a byproduct when refining copper and certain other sulfide ores. Selenium is made by oxidizing selenide ores to selenium dioxide. The selenium dioxide is dissolved in acidic water to make selenous acid, which is reacted with sulfur dioxide to make selenium as an element. It is the red form that is made. To make the black form, the red form is heated and melted. 

Selenium is used in photocells. The gray metallic form is used, as it changes its electrical conductivity when light shines on it. Selenium is also used as a catalyst. The largest use is to color glass red. It can be used in special brasses instead of lead. It is used in some rectifiers. Most use silicon instead. It is used to tone photographs. It can be used to remove dandruff from hair in the form of selenium sulfide.

Selenium is a trace element in the human body. Humans need very small amounts of selenium. Only about 50-200 micrograms are needed. Selenium can be toxic if more than 400 micrograms are taken. Once there was coal that had a large amount of selenium in it. People were getting selenium poisoning from the coal. 

Selenium deficiency is rare. Although selenium has some helpful effects on the human body, it also has some harmful effects and only a very little should be eaten.

It is toxic in large amounts. Some selenium compounds are very toxic and harmful to things that live in water. Consuming around 5 mg of selenium per day can kill a human being after a certain amount of time.


Germanium

Germanium is a chemical element. Its chemical symbol is "Ge". Its atomic number is 32. It was discovered by Clemens Winkler. It is a shiny, hard, silver-white metalloid. The chemistry of Germanium is quite like tin. Germanium forms many organometallic compounds. It is an important semiconductor material used in transistors. Many of the earliest transistors were based on germanium. Most later ones were based on silicon. The sound of germanium-based amplifiers and effect pedals is associated with 1960s-era rock music. Germanium-based guitar pedals are still made and are often used for their classic sound.

Tom Green

Michael Thomas "Tom" Green (born July 30, 1971) is a Canadian actor, comedian, rapper, director, producer and writer. He was born in Pembroke, Ontario. He had his own comedy program, "The Tom Green Show", on MTV. He directed, co-wrote and starred in "Freddy Got Fingered". He was also a member of the short lived hip hop group Organized Rhyme where he performed under the stage name "MC Bones".


The Force

The Force is a term from the "Star Wars" universe. It is a set of mystical powers that all the Jedi and Sith have. They can do many things with the Force, such as lifting an object up without touching it, shooting lightning out of their hands, choking people and many other things.

There are two sides to the Force: the light (or good) side and the dark (or bad) side.

The light side is used for good things like healing. The people who study and learn the light side of the Force are called "Jedi".

The dark side of the Force is used by the Sith, the bad guys, in the "Star Wars" movies. Sith have a lot of anger, fear, hate and aggression. The dark side of the Force gives the bad guys powers that the Jedi, the good guys, do not have. For example, Darth Sidious is able to shoot lightning from his fingers. The dark side can seem stronger but that is just because a person who uses the dark side of the Force does not have to hold anything back, he is not restrained.




Jedi

In the fictional "Star Wars" universe, the Jedi or Jedi Knights are members of an old order, who use a power they call The Force.

The Jedi use The Force which gives them psychic powers. Their typical weapon is the lightsaber, a sword-like weapon with an energy blade.

The Jedi try to lead a good and virtuous life, serving others. They keep and defend the peace of the galaxy.

The opposite of the Jedi are the Sith, who follow the Dark side of the Force (using the force for evil).

Sith

In the fictional "Star Wars" universe, the Sith are users of the Dark side of The Force and the opposite of the Jedi. 

The Sith live to dominate all others and to control society throughout the "Star Wars" galaxy so they can get more power. Some famous Sith are Darth Vader, Darth Sidious and Darth Maul. 

They lead the Galactic Empire, the antagonists of the Star Wars series who are known for brutality, being a dictatorship, and having a strong control over peoples lives. The Sith lost power for hundreds of years, before slowly taking over the Republic, or the Jedi Government, and turning it into the Galactic Empire.

In the Expanded Universe, The Sith at the start were a different species, looking like Humans, but with red skin and small bones coming out from their heads. 

The Sith Species almost all died after the Jedi committed genocide on them thousands of years before the movies. This is why some people think the Sith Empire are the "good guys", who bring law and order to the Galaxy and are just responding to the Jedi actions. 

Alex Jones

Alex Jones (born February 11, 1971) is an American conspiracy theorist. Jones claims that the USA was responsible for the 9/11 attacks. He began as a radio talk show host from Texas. He is normally described as politically conservative. He calls himself as a paleoconservative, which means that he advocates old or traditional forms of political conservatives, as opposed to the newer forms, i.e. neoconservatives. He also calls himself an "aggressive constitutionalist". Jones is the host of "The Alex Jones Show" on Genesis Communications Network.

Jones was born in Dallas, Texas and grew up in the suburb of Rockwall. His father is a dentist. He attended Anderson High School in northwest Austin, Texas. Jones was a lineman on his high school's football team.

He began his career in Austin with a live, call-in format Public-access television cable TV program. In 1996, Jones switched format to KJFK, hosting a show named "The Final Edition". In 1998, he released his first film, "America Destroyed By Design".

In 1998, Jones organized a successful effort to build a new Branch Davidian church as a memorial to those who died during the 1993 fire that ended the government's siege of the original Branch Davidian complex near Waco, Texas. He often featured the project on his Public-access television program and claimed that Koresh and his followers were peaceful people who were murdered by Attorney General Janet Reno and the ATF during the siege.

In 1999, he tied with Shannon Burke for that year's "Best Austin Talk Radio Host" poll as voted by "The Austin Chronicle" readers. Later that year, he was fired from KJFK-FM. According to the station's operations manager, Jones was fired because his viewpoints made the show hard to sell to advertisers and he refused to broaden his topics. Jones argued: "It was purely political, and it came down from on high [meaning it was ordered by powerful people]", and, "I was told 11 weeks ago to lay off Clinton, to lay off all these politicians, to not talk about rebuilding the church, to stop bashing [slang for criticizing] the Marines, A to Z."

In early 2000, Jones was one of seven Republican candidates for state representative in Texas House District 48, an open seat swing district based in Austin, Texas. Jones stated that he was running, "to be a watchdog [a person who makes sure no wrongdoing is taking place] on the inside." He aborted his campaign and withdrew before the March primary when polls indicated he had little chance of winning.

Jones maintains several websites and has created numerous documentary movies.
He is also the author of "9-11 Descent into Tyranny".

Stuart Sutcliffe

Stuart Fergusson Victor Sutcliffe (23 June 1940 – 10 April 1962) was an early member of the English band The Beatles. He was born in Edinburgh, Scotland and raised in Liverpool, England. He was the band's original bassist, but left before they became famous. He wanted to be an artist, and he returned to art school, which he had quit to join the Beatles.

Sutcliffe died in 1962, at the age of 21, in Hamburg, Germany from a brain hemorrhage. It was long thought that the hemorrhage was from a fight with locals after a concert in 1961, but it is now believed he may have been born with a medical condition which caused it.

Beautiful

If something is described as beautiful, it means that it has beauty. Beautiful can also mean:




George Boole

George Boole [], (November 2, 1815 – December 8, 1864) was an English mathematician and philosopher. 
He created Boolean algebra. This is one of the bases of modern-day computer science. Other people, like Augustus De Morgan and Charles Peirce, refined and completed his work. In their times, very few people knew of the work those mathematicians had done. "Boolean algebra" was rediscovered by Claude Shannon about 75 years after Boole's death. In his doctoral thesis, Shannon showed that boolean algebra was useful. It could simplify the design of electric switches and relays (like those that were used in the telephone switchboards of the time). Shannon also showed that such switches could solve boolean algebra problems. All modern-day digital circuits (mainly computers) use such algebra to solve problems. 


Managua

Managua has been the capital city of Nicaragua since 1855. There had been an Indian settlement there before the Spanish, but the modern city was founded as Leal Villa de Santiago de Managua in 1811. Before 1855, León and Granada were the capital cities. The word "managua" comes from the Nahuatl language "mana-ahuac". It means "near water". About 1.8 million people lived there in 2004. This makes it one of the biggest cities of Central America (after Guatemala City). The city is at the shore of Lake Managua. Many people who live in Managua are White or Mestizo. They all speak Spanish. There are also big communities of Catalonians, Germans, Italians and French. Many of the people belonging to those communities have lived in the city for many generations. Many people see Managua as one of the safest cities in America to live in.

The city has had two destructive earthquakes in the 20th century. Hurricane Mitch caused further destructions in 1998. Many old buildings were damaged or destroyed in these earthquakes, and new streets and monuments were built in their place. In general, addresses are rarely used to give directions. Instead, people usually use monuments to tell where a certain place is. The problem with that approach is that sometimes, the monuments themselves were destroyed. Therefore, foreigners often have problems finding their way around the city.

Flat

Flat might mean:

In music "flat" can have two (related) meanings:

Curve

A curve is a line that turns or bends. A curved line is never straight, and a curved surface is a surface that is never flat. Some curves can be drawn on paper, but some curves, like a helix, can only be seen in 3-D. A circle is a curve that can be described with the formula "x" + "y" = "r". "x" and "y" are used as in a Cartesian coordinate system, and "r" is the radius of the circle (distance from the center to the outside). Many other curves can also be described with a formula like that.


Möbius strip

The Möbius strip or Möbius band, sometimes called a Mobius strip is a looped surface with only one side and only one edge. It can be made using a strip of paper by gluing the two ends together with a half-twist. The twisting is possible in two directions; so there are two different (mirror-image) Möbius strips.

The Mobius strip is known for its unusual properties. A bug crawling along the center line of the loop would go around twice before coming back to its starting point. Cutting along the center line of the loop creates one longer band, not two. Cutting one third of the way in from the edge (and parallel to it) produces two Möbius strips, looped together.

The Möbius strip was discovered independently by the German mathematicians August Ferdinand Möbius and Johann Benedict Listing in 1858.

One way to represent the Möbius strip as a subset of formula_1 can be done using the parametrization:

Where 0 ≤ α < 2π and −1 ≤ "r" ≤ 1. This creates a Möbius strip of width 1 whose center circle has radius 1, lies in the "xy" plane and is centered at The parameter "u" runs around the strip while "v" moves from one edge to the other.

In cylindrical polar coordinates ("r", θ, "z"), an unbounded version of the Möbius strip can be represented by the equation: 

Topologically, the Möbius strip can be defined as the square [0,1] × [0,1] with its top and bottom sides identified by the relation for as in the diagram on the right.

The Möbius strip is a two-dimensional compact manifold (i.e. a surface) with boundary. It is a standard example of a surface which is not orientable. The Möbius strip is also a standard example used to show the mathematical idea of a fiber bundle. Specifically, it is a nontrivial bundle over the circle "S" with a fiber the unit interval, "I" = [0,1]. Looking only at the edge of the Möbius strip gives a nontrivial two point (or Z) bundle over "S".

A simple construction of the Möbius strip, which can be used to show it in computer graphics or modeling packages, is as follows:


There have been several technical applications for the Möbius strip. Giant Möbius strips have been used as conveyor belts. Such belts last longer because the entire surface area of the belt gets the same amount of wear. Möbius bands have also been used as continuous-loop recording tapes (to double the playing time). Möbius strips are common in the making of fabric computer printer and typewriter ribbons. There, they allow the ribbon to be twice as wide as the print head while using both half-edges evenly.

A device called a Möbius resistor is an electronic circuit element which has the property of canceling its own inductive reactance. Nikola Tesla patented similar technology in the early 1900s: "Coil for Electro Magnets" was intended for use with his system of global transmission of electricity without wires.

The Möbius strip is the configuration space of two unordered points on a circle. Consequently, in music theory, the space of all two note chords, known as dyads, takes the shape of a Möbius strip.

In physics/electro-technology: 
In chemistry/nano-technology: 



Klein bottle

The Klein bottle is a geometrical object, named after the German mathematician Felix Klein. He described it in 1882, and named it "Klein'sche Fläche" (Klein surface). Like the Möbius strip, it only has one surface. Mathematicians call this a non-orientable surface. Klein bottles only exist in four-dimensional space, but a model of a Klein bottle can be made in 3D. This model is different from the original because at some point the shape touches itself. In 3D, part of the shape is "inside" the rest. This is not the case in 4D. Some 3D models use different colors to show the 4th component. The part that lies "inside" then has a different color.

Because the surface is non-orientable, there is no "inside" or "outside". This means that if a liquid were filled "in the bottle", it would run down its surface. This may not be true for the 3D models of the bottle.

The 2-dimensional version of a Klein bottle is a Möbius strip.
Join the arrows so that they face the same way, like so:


Entropy

The entropy of an object is a measure of the amount of energy which is unavailable to do work. Entropy is also a measure of the number of possible arrangements the atoms in a system can have. In this sense, entropy is a measure of uncertainty or randomness. The higher the entropy of an object, the more uncertain we are about the states of the atoms making up that object because there are more states to decide from. A law of physics says that it takes work to make the entropy of an object or system smaller; without work, entropy can never become smaller – you could say that everything slowly goes to disorder (higher entropy).

The word entropy came from the study of heat and energy in the period 1850 to 1900. Some very useful mathematical ideas about probability calculations emerged from the study of entropy. These ideas are now used in information theory, statistical mechanics, chemistry and other areas of study. 

Entropy is simply a quantitative measure of what the second law of thermodynamics describes: the spreading of energy until it is evenly spread. The meaning of entropy is different in different fields. It can mean:


Side

In geometry, a side is a straight line that is part of a shape. A shape made of straight lines is called a polygon. The number of sides on a polygon can be written as formula_1.

A side can also mean the face of a 3D shape. A 3D shape made of flat faces is called a polyhedron. The number of faces on a polyhedron can be written as formula_2.

As an example, the square on the right has four sides. The sides in this picture are made with black straight lines. The four sides are:



Te Puke

Te Puke is a small town in the Bay of Plenty in New Zealand. 6670 people live there. It is famous for kiwifruit, which is grown there. Lots of other fruit is grown there too.

"Te Puke" means "the hill" in Māori.

Valley

A valley is a type of landform. A valley is a lower part in the land that sits between two higher parts which might be hills or mountains. Valleys often start as a downward fold between two upward folds in the surface of the Earth, and sometimes as a rift valley. A valley is made deeper by a stream of water or a river as it flows from the high land to the lower land, and into a lake or sea. Some valleys are made by glaciers which are slow-moving rivers of ice. Water or ice make a valley deeper or wider by erosion. Wind can also make valleys larger by erosion.

A valley has a "head" where it begins in the mountains or hills, "sides" where it rises up on either side, a "floor" which is where the valley is most flat. Some valleys have an "entrance" where the valley opening can be seen between two hills or mountains or cliffs. A place where a valley is very narrow and has high walls is sometimes called a "gorge". (This word "gorge" is sometimes used to mean the "throat" on a human body). 

Many of the people of the world live in valleys because there is often a river or stream in a valley for fresh water, and there is often good soil in a valley to grow crops.

Mountains and hills are made when the layers of rock and soil (called "strata") get folded. Fault block mountains may have rift valleys. There are valleys in mountain ranges, between the highest parts which are the "peaks". People who want to travel to the other side of the mountains usually go by the valleys. A valley that people use to travel through mountains or hills is called a mountain pass.

Valleys that are high in the mountains are usually made deeper by a stream or small river running fast down the mountainside, from a place where there is lots of rainwater or melting snow, or by a glacier. The mountain stream winds around the biggest rocks and washes the soil away as it flows. It cuts a passage for itself through the softest soil and smallest stones. A small stream can cut a very deep valley. Valleys that are high in the mountains are usually V-shaped. There are many valleys like this in hills and mountains all over the world. 

In country that has hills, but is not very steep, a river or stream runs more slowly. It makes a wider valley that often has some large bends as the river flows around the hills, always following the lowest way. Water running down from the hillsides often carries soil that spreads out across the valley, making flat land that is good for growing food crops and raising cattle and other animals. Many farms are in valleys that are in hilly land. Many towns are built on the sloping sides of valleys. Famous valleys of this type are the Loire Valley and the Lower Rhine Valley in Europe and the Thames Valley in England. 
Some valleys are almost flat, like a large saucer. Valleys of this type often have a very large river with many "tributaries" (streams that are like branches) running through them. The "tributaries" carry water from the hills or mountains that may be far from the main river. After heavy rain, lots of water rushes into the main river so that it rises and floods over the flat floor of the valley. When the flood waters spread, they drop lots of soil which has washed down from the hills. The soil that drops on the valley floor makes a flat flood plain. Valleys of this type are very useful for growing food crops. The widest valleys in the world are like this. Famous valleys of this type are the Mississippi-Missouri Basin in North America, the Amazon Basin in South America, the Lower Danube in Europe, the Ganges River Valley in India, the Nile River Flood Plain in Africa and the Darling River Basin in Australia. 
A glacier is like a frozen river. Many countries do not have any glaciers. A glacier starts in very high mountains where there is snow and ice all the year. The snow and ice starts to move down a valley that has been made by a fast-flowing stream. As the ice starts to slide down the mountainside, it does not flow around the rocks; it pushes the rocks out of the way. As a glacier moves, it picks up more ice and gets bigger and bigger. A big glacier cuts through the soil and softer rock of the valley and piles up the rocks on either side, or pushes them in front of it. When a big glacier melts, it leaves a valley of a deep U-shape. Many valleys like this were made in the Ice Ages. In mountainous countries like Switzerland many people live in the valleys that were made by glaciers. Some of the deepest valleys in the world were made by glaciers. The fjords of Norway and "sounds" of New Zealand are where glaciers went into the sea. 
A plateau is high land that is flat on top, or gently rolling, not pointed like mountains or rounded like hills. In hilly or mountainous country, the bands of a soil and rock are folded, but in a plateau the "strata" are in flat layers. The water that makes streams on the top of a plateau cuts down in wide valleys with sides that are steep cliffs and a bottom that is quite flat. Valleys like this are often deep and very narrow. Some valleys like this are very deep and wide. They are called "canyons". Famous valleys of this type are the Grand Canyon in the United States and the Megalong Valley in Australia. 
Sometimes a valley has been formed in the hills near the coast of a country. Movement in the Earth's surface may cause the land to sink lower and become flooded by the sea. The shape of the valley can still be seen from the tops of the hills that stick out from the water. Some of the hills may become islands, and others become the shore of a bay. Sunken valleys often make good harbours. The east coast of Australia has many sunken valleys of which the most famous is Sydney Harbour. 


Manifold

A manifold is a concept from mathematics. Making a manifold is like making a flat map of a sphere (the Earth).

The Earth is a sphere, a three dimensional object of geometry. Yet, maps (two-dimensional representations) can be made of the Earth. At the edges of a certain map, the map needs to be changed. That way it is possible to make a two dimensional image of the whole surface of the Earth. There need to be rules, on how to change the maps, and some areas (near the edges of the map) will be on more than one map. It is not possible to make one map only, which would have no edges. This map would either have edges (and overlapping areas), or there would be some places where the paper was torn. Tearing and overlapping isn't allowed.

Other shapes can be manifolds too. For example, a hyperbolic plane is a shape that looks like a saddle or leaf of lettuce. If you try to press it down onto a piece of paper, it will have wrinkles, and it will go on forever past the edges of the paper. But you can make a map of part of it by squishing the edges, just like with the Earth you can make a map by taking part of it and stretching the edges.

Each manifold has a dimension. This is the number of dimensions of the maps, in the example above. It is the same for all maps. 

Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate

NADP (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate) (formula CHNOP) is a coenzyme that carries electrical energy used in cellular processes. When a hydrogen atom is added, NADP becomes charged and is renamed NADPH. NADP is used extensively during the Krebs (citric acid) cycle and during glycolysis and in the light-dependent reactions of photosynthesis.

The CW

The CW Television Network (commonly referred to as simply The CW) is an American television network that is operated by The CW Network, LLC. It launched at the beginning of the 2006–2007 television season and is a joint venture between Paramount Global's CBS Entertainment Group, the former owner of United Paramount Network (UPN), Warner Bros. Discovery's Warner Bros., former majority owner of The WB Television Network and Nexstar Media Group, the largest affiliation of the network. The "CW" name comes from the first letter of the names of these corporations (CBS and Warner Bros.).


Borzoi

Borzoi is a type of Russian dog. It used to be called a Russian Wolf Hound.

This breed of dog was brought to the United States in 1889. It was approved by the American Kennel Club one year later. The breed is beautiful and has a gentle personality. It makes it a good pet.

The breed was approved and the descriptive standard was written in 1650. It has not changed much since then. It is about tall at the withers (its back near the shoulders). It weighs from . Borzois have a long coat. They can be any color from solid white to brown and white, gray and white or brindle. They can also be all black. People who take care of Borzois have done a good job of stopping health problems. Borzois do not have many of the problems other breeds have with health.

In Russia, they were well liked by the royalty. It was illegal to sell them. They were given to those who did something special for the Tzars. They feature in Russian novels e.g. in Tolstoy's "Anna Karenina". During the Russian revolution, most of the breed were killed because they were a symbol of royalty. A few were taken from the country.

They have been used in advertising for luxury cars and jewelry. This is because of their elegant looks.

Giuseppe Garibaldi

Giuseppe Garibaldi was an Italian soldier who is best known for the unification of Italy.

Garibaldi led the navy of the breakaway Riograndense Republic in southern Brazil until it was defeated in 1839. He escaped and led the navy of Uruguay to victory. Later, inspired by Giuseppe Mazzini, he fought for Italian unification. He led a group called the Red Shirts through the Kingdom of Two Sicilies to bring different kingdoms in Italy together in 1860.

Edward the Confessor

Edward the Confessor (4 April 1003 — 5 January 1066) also nicknamed as the Saint, the Pious, and the Faithful was the King of England from 1042 until his death in 1066. During his reign, England experienced peace, stability, and prosperity. The kingdom was also very unstoppable and also, the kingdom's life quality and the standard of living and health care improved as well.

Edward spent many years in Normandy. The Anglo-Saxon nobles invited Edward back to England in 1041. He became part of the household of his half-brother Harthacnut. According to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" both were sworn in as king together.

Following Cnut II's death on 8 June 1042, Edward ascended the throne. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle indicates the popularity he enjoyed at his accession — "before he (Cnut II) was buried, all the people chose Edward as king in London". Edward was crowned at the cathedral of Winchester, the royal seat of the West Saxons on 3 April 1043.

Edward's death left England without a clear-cut successor. Harold Godwinson had led successful raiding parties into Wales in 1063. He negotiated with his inherited rivals in Northumbria in 1065, and in January 1066, upon Edward's death, he was made King Harold II.

The Norman position was that William the Conqueror had been designated the heir, and that Harold had been publicly sent to him as emissary from Edward, to apprise him of Edward's decision. However, William's biographer, William of Poitiers, admitted that the old king had made a deathbed gift of the crown to Harold. On Edward's death, Harold was approved by the Witenagemot which, under Anglo-Saxon law, held the ultimate authority to convey kingship.

Edward also made his great nephew Edgar Ætheling his heir. However, Edgar had no following among the earls: he had lived in Hungary, and was a boy of fifteen. This opened the way for Harold's coronation, and the invasions of two claimants to the throne, the unsuccessful invasion of Harald Hardrada in the north and the successful one of William of Normandy.

Edward was canonized (made a saint) in 1161 by Pope Alexander III, and is commemorated on 13 October.



27 BC

Year 27 BC was either a common year starting on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday or a leap year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.




899

Year 899 (DCCCXCIX) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.


Gilbertville, Ontario

Gilbertville is a hamlet in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada that is in between Delhi and the historical hamlet of Pine Grove. There is a small grocery store, a tractor shop, a car repair shop, and farmland to the south. In addition to all this, Gilbertville is also the site of a former army base and was founded by the Gilbert family in the 19th century as a place to rest horses when travelling to and from the towns of Simcoe and Delhi.

World War III

World War III is the name given to a possible third World War. It refers to a world war that may happen. It would be the successor to World War II (19391945).

A world war might be fought by multiple countries of the world against one other, sometimes across different continents. An all-out war fought between two or three major superpowers would be a world war.

Because technology and weapons have become so advanced, most people agree that if World War III ever happens, nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons may be used. Biological weapons are living things, usually bacteria or viruses. Chemical weapons might not kill quickly but poison people or their land. Together, nuclear, biological and chemical weapons are called weapons of mass destruction. Conventional weapons, on the other hand are "normal" weapons like guns or non-nuclear bombs.

Mass destruction could damage much of the Earth, kill many humans, animals and other living things, and cause the collapse of modern civilization. Albert Einstein is often quoted as having said: "I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones". Einstein might not have actually said this, but other things that he said show that he believed the weapons used in World War III might be so devastating that they would end civilization as we know it.

Some events, for example the Cold War, have been called "World War III." US President George W. Bush compared the War on Terrorism to World War III.

Neither was even remotely like what a world war would be. The Cold War was not fought on a large scale, and the Iraq War was largely conventional and was mostly contained in one general area. Terrorism is indeed a form of conflict, but it is not a world war.


Shotgun

A shotgun is a type of gun. To make a shotgun work, gunpowder is lit by a primer inside a shotgun shell. The gas from the burning gunpowder pushes whatever is being fired out of the barrel (usually a bullet). Originally, a shotgun shell would have small lead balls called a "buckshot" or "birdshot". Now, instead of lead shots, the cartridges have iron or steel balls, because lead in the environment can poison wildlife. The balls spread out when they are fired. Sometimes a shotgun shell will have bigger shot, of bullet size, called a "slug".

A shotgun usually has one or two barrels, each with a chamber to hold a shell. These barrels can be next to each other ('side-by-side') or on top of each other ('over-and-under'). There are many types of shotguns with different ways of loading and shooting. Some will snap open, and shells can be put inside until they are shot again. These are called break-open shotguns. Others hold more shells and are pumped back and forth to shoot. These are called pump-action shotguns. Some shotguns are semi-automatic, so each time the trigger is pulled, one shot is fired without any need to use a pump or a lever. These are semi-automatic shotguns. Some shotguns are fully automatic, meaning that pulling and holding the trigger back will keep shooting the gun without needing to reload until the shotgun is out of ammunition. These are automatic shotguns. However, these types of shotguns are not common.

Shotguns can also fire things that do not kill people. Police use small things like rubber balls and beanbags filled with the small metal balls instead, to cause non-deadly injuries.

Randy Quaid

Randy Randall Rudy Quaid (born October 1, 1950) is an American actor. He was born in Houston, Texas and has been in many movies. He is the brother of actor Dennis Quaid.

Oakland, California

Oakland is a city in California. It is across the bay from San Francisco. It is the county seat of Alameda County and the third-largest city in the Bay Area, after San Jose and San Francisco. At one time, Oakland had many factories that built cars, ships and airplanes. It is a major seaport and rail junction. It is the home of the Athletics baseball team.

California governor Jerry Brown was once mayor of Oakland. The current mayor is Sheng Thao.


Mosquito

A mosquito is a type of fly. It is the common name of a family of flies in the order Diptera.

The females are ectoparasites: they land on warm-blooded animals, pierce a capillary, and inject saliva to stop the blood coagulating. Then they suck up and eat the blood. Deadly microscopic parasites often live in the saliva. The mosquito's saliva is transferred to the host during the bite. It can cause an itchy rash. In addition, many species can transmit pathogens form one host to anoher, whien biting. In this way, mosquitoes are important vectors of parasitic diseases such as malaria and filariasis, and arboviral diseases such as yellow fever, Chikungunya, West Nile, dengue fever, and Zika. By transmitting diseases, mosquitoes cause the deaths of more people than any other animal taxon: over 700,000 each year.

The males are nectar-feeders, and so are the females. However, in preparation for egg-laying the females turn to blood for its protein. 

Usually both male and female mosquitoes feed on nectar and plant juices. In many species the mouthparts of the females are adapted for piercing the skin of animal hosts and sucking their blood as ectoparasites. In many species, the female needs to get proteins from a blood meal before she can produce eggs. Hence, only female mosquitoes bites human to suck their blood. In many other species, she can produce more eggs after a blood meal.

They lay their eggs in pools of water. The larvae move around near the surface of the water, breathing through air tubes that stick out of the water. They get their food from the water, usually eating algae and other tiny creatures. They like to wiggle"(move)" around near the surface, which is why some people call them "wigglers". The larvae usually enter the pupa stage within a few days or weeks of hatching, depending on the water temperature and the species.

The pupae are called "tumblers" because they tumble in the water if the water is touched. Tumblers do not eat, but they move around in the water a lot, and like larvae, they breathe from tubes that stick out of the water. The pupa stage is short (only for a few days), and then the mosquito becomes an adult.

There are many species of mosquito. This comes about because, of those which suck blood, each species is adapted to a different host or group of hosts. There are two subfamilies, 43 genera and over 3,500 species of the Culicidae.

Mosquitoes are a vector (carrier) which carries disease-causing viruses and parasites from person to person.

The principal mosquito borne diseases are the viral diseases yellow fever, dengue fever and malaria carried by the genera "Anopheles" and "Culex". Mosquitoes transmit disease to more than 700 million people every year in Africa, South America, Central America, Mexico and much of Asia with millions of resulting deaths.

Methods used to prevent the spread of disease, or to protect individuals in areas where disease is endemic include:

Standing water, as in a pond or lake, is the main breeding ground. It may or may not be practical to eliminate this water. The water in bird baths can be changed once a week, but one can hardly do that with larger bodies of water. The method used to be: spray water with DDT, but that does a lot of damage, and in any event the mosquito is now highly resistant to the chemical.

With increasing reports of the harmful effects DEET has on humans, there has been a move to repellents which are organic. These are of the kind that have had traditional household purposes before their being used as mosquito repellents.

The dragonfly nymph eats mosquitoes at all stages of development and is quite effective in controlling populations. Some bats can eat as many as 500 mosquitoes per hour. Some copepods are predators on first instar larvae, killing up to 40 Aedes larvae per day. 
A number of fish eat mosquito larvae, including goldfish, catfish, piranhas, and minnows.

The oldest known mosquito with a basically modern anatomy was found in 79-million-year-old Canadian amber from the Upper Cretaceous. An older sister species with more primitive features was found in amber that is 90 to 100 million years old.

Genetic analyses indicate that the Culicinae and Anophelinae clades may have diverged about 150 million years ago. The Old and New World "Anopheles" species are believed to have subsequently diverged about 95 million years ago.

Molasses

Molasses (Known as treacle in the United Kingdom if it was made to be eaten by humans) is a by-product of sugar canes or sugar beets being turned into sugar. It is like a thick syrup. Some people also call molasses sorghum syrup. The quality of the molasses depends on how the sugar is refined. Molasses is like a black golden syrup type liquid. 

Molasses is the base for making rum. Sometimes vodka is also made from molasses.

Molasses was first imported to United States by the British, (The Sugar Act, 1764), during the early times of the United States. The United States got sugar from southern islands. While the United States was getting sugar, they decided to ask for the leftover material, or molasses. The United States then used the molasses for their personal use, as well as making it into rum to trade with other nations.

Syrup

Syrup is a thick, sweet, flavored liquid with a high sugar content. There are different flavored syrups, such as chocolate syrup, vanilla syrup, and maple syrup. Syrups are used to sweeten and flavor hot and cold drinks, and they are poured on desserts and breakfast foods.

Syrups are used in many different types of drinks. Coffee shops add chocolate syrup and other flavored syrups (for example: vanilla) to coffee drinks. Ice cream parlors add chocolate syrup to milk shakes. In Italy, cafés often offer a choice of different syrups that can be added to carbonated soda water, to add sweetness and flavor.

Syrups are also used in many desserts. Ice cream parlors pour chocolate and butterscotch syrup on bowls of ice cream. Cafés and restaurants pour syrup on cakes, pies, crepes, and pancakes. 

In North America, maple syrup is often poured over pancakes as a breakfast food. It is made from the sap of maple trees, which is boiled until it thickens. During the summer months, flavored syrups are also used over crushed ice to make "slush puppies" or "slush puppies".

In China, pear syrup is used to make ligaotang, a staple of Shanghainese food. It comes in many flavors, including pinenut, rose, and meat floss. It is also used as a traditional Chinese medicine to help with coughs or poor appetite.

Sugarcane

Sugarcane (or sugar cane) is a Genus of plants. There are between 6 and 37 types of sugarcane.Sugarcane grows in warm and tropical climates. It first grew in Asia, but after the year 700 people started planting it in Africa and southern Europe. Later it spread to the Americas and Australia. Today the biggest producer is Brazil in South America. India in Asia is second biggest producer after Brazil.

Sugarcane stalks grow to between 2 and 6 meters tall. These stalks contain sugar, which is used to sweeten food and drinks. After the sugar has been taken out the remains of the stalks can be burned to generate heat and electricity. It can also be made into paper, cardboard and cutlery. This crop requires high temperature and high rainfall. In areas of low rainfall this crop is cultivated with the help of irrigation. Black soil or alluvial soil is the best for this crop. Sugarcane requires a large amount of water. That is why holding deep soil is required. As this crop absorbs nutrient matter from the soil, compost manure and chemical fertilizers are used. It wants 75-100cm rainfall.

Sugarcane juice can be made by pressing the stalks in a machine. It is often sold in the streets in some countries. It can contain disease.

Sugar beet

Sugar beet is a plant. Its roots contain a high amount of sucrose. This can be made into sugar. Sugar beets are grown for sugar. The sugar beet is related to chard.

The biggest producers of sugar beet are the European Union, the United States and Russia. 30% of the world sugar production is from sugar beets.

Tourette syndrome

Tourette syndrome is an inherited neurological disorder. Tourette syndrome can also be called "Tourette's syndrome", "Tourette's disorder", "GTS", "Tourette's", or "TS". People that have Tourette's have tics (movements or sounds that the person cannot easily control). Tourette's is normally inherited, and starts in childhood. 

People who have Tourette's have a normal life expectancy and normal intelligence. Tics are normally not as bad as people get older. Adults with severe Tourette's are rare. Fewer than 15% of people with Tourette's have coprolalia. Coprolalia is using words or phrases that some people might find offensive without being able to stop saying them. These may include curse words. The typical Tourette's sufferer has coprolalia.

Most people with Tourette's do not need treatment. There are drugs that can help people manage tics. There are also therapies that can help people live easier with Tourette's.

The disease is named after Georges Gilles de la Tourette. He was one of the first doctors to describe the symptoms.

Also, people who have this syndrome might feel very depressed and have high chance to get depression.


1134

Year 1134 (MCXXXIV) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


Soybean

The soybean (or soya bean) is a plant with fruit called beans, from Eastern Asia. The height of a grown soybean is between less than 20 centimetres and up to 2 metres. One soybean lives for only one year.

Soybeans can be eaten or used to make oil, sauce, milk, flour, tofu and other foods. These soy foods have much protein, and many vegetarians like that. 

Soybean oil has a component of oleic acid that can be used to make an insect repellent.
Also fuel can be made from soybeans.

Soybeans can also be fermented to make nattō.

In 1997, 81% of all soybeans were of genetically modified stock. This means that genes were changed directly.

In China, going back the ancient Chou dynasty soy beans were considered to be one of the five sacred foods.


Henagon

A henagon (or monogon) is a shape in geometry. It is like a polygon, except that it only has one side and one corner (vertex). Henagons are considered to be impossible to draw, using Euclidean geometry. This is because the single side would go to infinity.

Since it only has one side, there is only one angle. Therefore, all henagons are considered regular shapes. 

Moors

The Moors were the Muslims who lived in the Maghreb and on the Iberian Peninsula, Sicily and parts of Southern France in the Middle Ages. In Europe, the word was often used for indigenous European people whose ancestors were converted to Islam, although Islam was not actually invented until 700 A.D., so the religion of the Moors who are indigenous to Europe was something else. 

In 750 A.D. the Umayyad Dynasty was defeated in Syria. Many refugees came to what is now Spain and Portugal. They had a very big influence on the culture of these countries.

Umayyad Muslims were the ones who captured and named Al-Andalus, which means land of the Vandals. The majority of Moors in Iberia were native European populations who converted to Islam due to the Arab conquests of the peninsula. These Moors were forcefully converted to Catholicism after the Christian reconquest of the Iberian Peninsula in completion of the period popularly known as the Reconquista.


Habitat

A habitat is the area in which an organism lives. It is a summary term for all the resources, physical and living which are present in an area. It is the natural environment in which an organism lives, and the physical environment which surrounds a population.

Most animals live in one type of environment because they are best suited to it. We say they are 'adapted to this environment'. For example, animals such as frogs, newts, and ducks have webbed feet to help them swim in the water. There are many different types of habitats and many kinds of adaptations to each habitat.

If the habitat changes, it may no longer be suitable for the animals and plants that live there. Climate change is making some habitats warmer, and so many animal species are moving to cooler areas. However some species are not able to move and the populations are getting smaller. Scientists think that 10% of species may become extinct because of these changes. Other habitats have been cleared to make them into farm land. In Australia for example, 80% of the eucalypt forests have been cleared for farming over the last 210 years. This is threatening the survival of forest animals such as the koala.

Just as animals adapt to the places they live, so do plants. Plants are adapted to a wide variety of habitats. As a result, each plant has certain characteristics. Some are adapted to living on land while others live in water. Plants that grow on land usually have stiff stems to hold them upright, while water plants tend to have less rigid stems because the water supports them.

Plants that live in dry climates like the desert have few or no leaves. Many, such as cacti, store water when rain occurs. Their adaptations save water. Plants that grow in shaded areas have large leaves to capture as much sunlight as possible, or they climb towards the light.


Long Island

Long Island, NY is the biggest island in the continental United States. About 8 million people live there. The majority live in the western part, in Brooklyn and Queens which are parts of New York City. The other people live in two counties. Nassau County is in the central area, and Suffolk County fills approximately the eastern half. To the north is Long Island Sound and to the south is the Atlantic Ocean. There are almost 200 Long Island Towns on Long Island, NY. While the areas closest to New York City are urban with a high population density, the central and eastern parts of Long Island are more rural with a lower population density.

The East River separates Long Island from Manhattan island and the Bronx mainland. The Narrows separates it from Staten Island. Long Island is a terminal moraine left by glaciers during the ice ages. 

The 2020 census counted 8,063,232 people living on Long Island, making it by far the most populated island in all of the United States, and more populated than Ireland, Sicily or Puerto Rico. Long Island is in the Eastern Time Zone. 

The term "Long Island" often refers only to the mostly suburban counties of Nassau and Suffolk because Brooklyn and Queens are part of New York City.

K.M. Peyton

Kathleen Wendy Herald Peyton (born 2 August 1929 in Birmingham, England) is an English writer. She has written over 50 books, including "Blind Beauty" (1999) and "Stealaway" (2001).


Fédération Internationale de Volleyball

The Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (), often called just FIVB, is the organization that controls international Volleyball.


Old World

The Old World is the three continents, Europe, Asia and Africa, whose people knew about each other from ancient times. 

Humans originated in Africa, but modern history is mostly about European history. This is because the Europeans wrote more history. For a long time "history" meant the history of Europe and the Middle East. That is still the kind of history which is taught in many schools. Having history depends on having writing. The first writing we know of comes from the Middle East, and the Chinese claim they also had early writing.

People had no idea there were other continents, and no idea that those continents (the Americas and Australasia) had humans living there. They also knew little about Africa beyond the coasts until the 19th century.

In 1492 Spain sent Columbus to the New World. They found Native Americans there. Then there was trade, warfare and spreading disease. They had foods and animals the Native Americans had not seen before, like sugarcane, pigs, and horses. But they did not know that they were also causing sickness. The people of the Old World called the Americas the New World.

Europeans discovered Australia, New Zealand and Papua/New Guinea in the 17th century. The British Royal Navy did more exploration in the 18th and 19th centuries.

Both the Americas and Australasia had humans living there already, who were not known to Europeans before the voyages of discovery, as it is called.

International Astronomical Union

The International Astronomical Union (IAU) is an international group that brings together the national astronomical groups from around the world. It was created in 1919. It was created to promote and protect the science of astronomy by getting different nations to work together. Its members are professional astronomers from all over the world, and they all work on research and education in astronomy. The IAU has good relationships with groups that include amateur astronomers. "National Members" are usually people with a high level of professional astronomy. There are more than 10,000 active "Individual Members" in 107 countries. It has 62 "National Members". 

This organization has many working groups like the Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (WGPSN), which maintains the astronomical naming conventions and planetary nomenclature for planetary bodies, and the Working Group on Star Names (WGSN) for naming stars. 

The IAU is also the group in charge of naming objects in space and anything on them such as mountains and craters.


Obfuscation

Obfuscation means making something harder to understand, usually by complicating sentences. Weasel words are a form of obfuscation. Obfuscation is usually used when people either do not know what they are talking about or wish to hide what they really mean.

Some people say that when doctors use difficult medical words to hide unpleasant things from patients, they are using obfuscation.

Technical term: Obfuscation is sometimes used to make source code much harder to read and reverse engineer. This can be a significant problem for technology like Python and JavaScript that require source code to be exposed in order to function.

Chicago Bears

The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team in the National Football League based in Chicago, Illinois. The Bears were founded in Decatur, Illinois, by George Halas, in 1919. They were first called the Decatur Staleys, after the A.E. Staley Starch Company which owned the team for its first two seasons. The team has won nine NFL Championships, with the last being in 1985 (Super Bowl XX). They also played in Super Bowl XLI in 2006 against the Indianapolis Colts, but they lost 29-17 to Peyton Manning and the Colts. The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey, and the general manager is Ryan Pace. The team's current head coach is Matt Nagy since 2018.

The Bears play their home games at Soldier Field. They played there from 1974 to 2001 and then 2003-present (Soldier Field was being made new in 2002). The Bears had played at Wrigley Field from 1921 to 1970. Wrigley Field is the home of the Chicago Cubs baseball team, and the Bears were named after the Cubs.

The Bears have retired 14 uniform numbers, the most than any NFL Franchise.


Cool Runnings

Cool Runnings is a 1993 Disney sports comedy movie. It stars John Candy and Doug E. Doug. It is about the first Jamaican bobsled team who wanted to compete in the 1988 Winter Olympics.

Cool Runnings is set in Jamaica. When a Jamaican sprinter gets disqualified during the tryouts for the Olympics because he fell over, he still wanted to compete. After seeing a picture of a bobsled, he wanted to become a bobsledder. He managed to get 3 other people to form a team. The first ever Jamaican bobsled team was trained by Irv, a retired athlete. When they went to the Olympics, they successfully passed the track under 1 minute, so they qualified. After being disqualified, Irv went to talk to the judges, and the Jamaican team were back. After a rough first round, they came back surprisingly. however, during the finals the bobsled broke, crashing. They walked to the finish line, with everyone cheering. When they returned, they were heroes and the competed in the next Olympics.


Schmallenberg

Schmallenberg is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia. About 24,965 people live there.

Schmallenberg is in the middle of the Sauerland (Rothaargebirge). It is about south of Meschede, and from Köln (Cologne).

Lennestadt borders in the north on the communities of Bestwig and Meschede, in the east on Winterberg, in the south on Bad Berleburg, and in the west on the towns of Eslohe and Lennestadt.

Schmallenberg is twinned with

The Benedictine monastery began in 1072 near Schmallenberg on a site at the foot of the Wilzenberg mountain, by Saint Anno, Archbishop of Cologne.

"Alexander de Smalenburg" is said to have given his name to the city of Schmallenberg. The origins of the narrow castle lie in a castle complex that belonged to Cologne, and in 1244 the curtain-walled settlement was officially elevated to city status by Konrad von Hochstaden, Archbishop of Cologne.

During the Middle Ages, textile and ironmongery trades were the main industries in Schmallenberg. Around 1350 there were about 800 living in the town. After an economically quiet period during the 16th century, the new iron hammer technology put the city back on the map. At that time, Schmallenberg’s ironmongery trade was considered the most important one in Westphalia.

In parts of the town like in Oberkirchen there were many witchcraft trials. In 1630 there were 7 processes, from April to June. During these, 58 people were convicted to burn at the stake, for alleged witchcraft. One of the victims was Christine Teipel, a 9-year-old child.

After a big fire in 1822, the town was rebuilt using a classical ground plan. This can still be seen today. Ten years before that, the city wall and gates had been torn down. Today, Schmallenberg’s typical features are its half-timbered houses with slated roofs and carved doors, small bays and gables as well as symmetric perrons.

Since the 19th century Schmallenberg was a "Sauerländer centre" of the textile industry (the largest company: FALKE-GROUP). This gave Schmallenberg the nickname "Strumpfstadt" (""socktown""). Since the development of the textile industry in Schmallenberg is declining dominated the economy many medium-sized enterprises and tourism. In 2002 there were 7924 on social insurance jobs.

Important Schmallenberger companies are:

The Fraunhofer Institute for Molecular Biology and Applied Ecology IME conducts research in the field of applied life sciences from a molecular level to entire ecosystems. The IME-Institute has about 140 employees working at the locations Schmallenberg and Aachen.

Hiking trails adding up to about 2,500 kilometers, leading through forests, across mountains and through valleys make Schmallenberg. The town at the upper course of the river Lenne has developed into one of Westphalia’s winter sports centers. 250 kilometers of cross-country ski tracks and 30 ski-lifts turn any kind of skiing.

Schmallenberg's airport is Flugplatz Schmallenberg-Rennefeld (ICAO-Code: EDKR).


French and Indian War

The French and Indian War was fought between 1754 and 1763 in British North America and French North America. They fought over land which is now in the United States and Canada. The French had some Native American allies and the British had other allies. 

The conflict was a part of the Seven Years' War among the European great powers which took place in various parts of the world. France was already fighting Prussia and so did not send many troops to Canada.


The French built a new fort in the disputed territory, and the British decided to expel them. After failing in a small battle in 1754 they tried again with the Battle of Monongahela in 1755. The British commander, General Edward Braddock, died with many of his men in a failed attack against the French in what later became Pittsburgh. A militia officer, George Washington, led the defeated survivors home.

At the Battle of the Plains of Abraham, the British conquered Canada. 

The fighting in North America stopped on September 8, 1760, with the French surrender of Montreal and the rest of Canada to the British.

The war ended with the signing of the Treaty of Paris on February 10, 1763. France lost all of its North American lands east of the Mississippi River to Britain except the small islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, near Newfoundland. Britain offered France the choice to give up its Canadian land or the Caribbean islands of Guadeloupe and Martinique, which British troops had taken during the war. France chose to keep the islands, which were valuable for their sugar plantations. 

With the Royal Proclamation of 1763, colonists in British North America became unhappy over their share of the winnings. That became a cause for the American Revolution.


Sif

Sif is a goddess in Norse mythology. She is the wife of Thor and mother of Thrud and Ull.

Sif has hair made of gold. It grows just like normal hair. Her original hair's color looked like wheat. Loki cut off Sif's hair as a prank. When Thor found out he made Loki have golden hair made for her by the Dwarves.

It is believed that Sif was a goddess of the home, of field and of the crop. It is also said that she had some control of destiny. 

Thrud is the only daughter of Thor and Sif. Ull is her son with another man. Thor also has two sons with a giantess. In two different poems in Poetic Edda, Sif is said to have a mysterious lover, but no one knows who he is.

A volcano on the planet Venus is named after Sif. Sif is also a character in the comic book The Mighty Thor from Marvel Comics. 

She is one of the most famous vikings around.


Political correctness

Political correctness (or PC for short) means using words that will not offend any group of people. Some offensive words have been used for a long time. Some of these words have now been replaced by other words that are not offensive. These new words are described as politically correct.

The term is often used in a mocking sense when attempts at avoiding offense are seen to go too far.

This term has been used since the early 1970s. It started being used in the modern negative sense in the late 80s in America.

Politically correct words or terms are used to show differences between people or groups in a non-offensive way. This difference may be because of race, gender, beliefs, religion, or sexual orientation, or because they have a mental or physical disability, or because of any difference from what some people believe is normal.

Throughout the 20th century, feminists fought for women to have the same rights as men. In PC language this is seen in changes to job titles such as "policeman", "postman", and "chairman" which now commonly go by the gender-neutral titles "police officer", "letter carrier" and "chairperson" or "chair" as well as with terms having broader application, such as "humankind" replacing "mankind".

People who are mentally disabled are now rarely described as "mentally retarded" (sometimes called "M.R.") but may be said to have "special needs". M.R. has been changed to I.D.; Intellectual Disabilities.

People with significant vision loss are called low vision or blind.
People with significant hearing loss are called deaf and/or hard of hearing.
People who cannot speak are no longer called "dumb", they are non vocal. Those who are vocal but cannot communicate fluently are called non verbal.

The overall terms 'handicapped” or 'challenged' are not considered appropriate (there is no distinction between physical or mental, acquired or inborn, because unless you're the disabled person, it's your choice to disclose and confirm whether this matters).
Person first language is “Sarah has physical disabilities”. This is part of the medical model of disability, which suggests disabled people are something to be fixed, even if there is no pathology to suggest “fixing”.

The social model of disability encourages identity first language (Sarah is disabled) and is not just preferred by most of the disabled community but is also part of the social model of disability. The social model of disability invokes (rather than erasing as medical model does) the idea that disability isn't just about limitations within daily life but also acknowledges that most of what creates "disability" are the social and infrastructural challenges faced, such as inaccessible housing, sidewalks, and elevators.

Some of the new politically correct words are often criticized for being rather ridiculous. Some examples of these are the terms ending in challenged. For example, someone who is very short might be described as "vertically challenged". People also say that things that are obviously bad are called by something else which hides the fact that they are bad. For example, young people who are in trouble with the law, instead of being called "juvenile delinquents" became "children at risk". Some PC terms may be ambiguous i.e. have two possible meanings. "hearing impaired" can also refer to someone who has partial hearing (hard of hearing) and "vision impaired" can also refer to someone who has partial vision.


 has quotes related to political correctness.

Mjolnir

In Norse mythology, Mjölnir (Old Norse: "Mjǫllnir" - “Lightning” or “That which smashes”) is the hammer of Thor, the god of thunder and lightning. Forged by the dwarven brothers Brokk and Sindre, Mjölnir is the most feared weapon in the Nine Realms, capable of leveling entire mountains with only one hit. Mjölnir was also a symbol of both fertility and destruction, and was thought to possess regenerative healing powers. 

When thrown, Mjölnir would return to Thor's after hitting its target. 

""... He [Thor] would be able to strike as firmly as he wanted, whatever his aim, and the hammer would never fail, and if he threw it at something, it would never miss and never fly so far from his hand that it would not find its way back, and when he wanted, it would be so small that it could be carried inside his tunic.""



Orphan

An orphan is a child who has lost both parents. Their parents are either dead or didn't want the child. Some orphans end up in a house called an orphanage. This is where children with no parents live. Many children that live in an orphanage get fostered or adopted by a person or a couple. Some people are called other names as in todays day and age it may be offensive.

Sometimes parents get sick and die while their child or children are still young, and if no close relatives take care of them, if they cannot or will not do so, they are normally raised in an orphanage. When several children, brothers or sisters are left orphaned they are sometimes split up; one child going to one family or one child going to a foster family while another may stay in the orphanage or foster home.

Sometimes parents may not have jobs or money and abandon their children because they cannot afford to bring them up. The parents may feel that if someone else brings them up they may have a better future in the long run.

In many developing countries orphans are often seen wandering about begging for money and food; many may not be going to school. Not much organised help exists for them in poor countries.

But in richer countries many orphanage, organisations and institutions help the orphans and work to help parents when they are sick or very poor so they do not abandon their children. Organisations such as churches and community services sometimes will assist them.

Many characters of books and movies have been orphans, such as Oliver Twist, David Copperfield, Annie, Heidi, Batman, and Harry Potter.

Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District

Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District () is an opera by the Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich. It is one of the most important Russian operas of the 20th century. The words for the opera (the “libretto”) were written by Alexander Preis who based them on a story by the Russian writer Nikolai Leskov. The opera has nothing to do with Shakespeare’s play Macbeth except for the fact that it is about a woman like Lady Macbeth who is tempted to commit a murder.

"Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District" was the second opera that Shostakovich wrote. It was first performed on 22 January 1934 at the Leningrad Maly Theatre. It was very successful and lots of people came to hear it.

However, Shostakovich lived in difficult times. The dictator Josef Stalin was making life very difficult for creative people. He thought that music and all the other arts should praise and glorify their country (the Soviet Union). He did not allow people to express their own personal feelings. Anything that he did not like was called “formalist”. If Stalin did not like someone that person would not be allowed to work. They might even get sent to prison in Siberia where they were treated very badly. Many of them died.

Stalin came to hear a performance of "Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District". However, he did not like it, and he left during the performance. A few days later an article was written in the newspaper "Pravda" about the opera. The article heading was: “Chaos instead of music”. It said that the opera was full of horrible music and noisy chords. The opera was not allowed to be performed again in the Soviet Union for almost thirty years.

Shostakovich had to be very careful what he said otherwise he could have been in big trouble. He never spoke in public about music and culture. In 1937 he wrote his Symphony no 5. The music in this symphony was easier to understand than the music he had been writing before which had a lot of atonal music. Shostakovich said that this new symphony of his was “a Soviet artist’s reply to just criticism”. He had to agree to say this so that he would be allowed to carry on composing. Later, in 1962, he made some changes to the opera and called it "Katerina Ismailova". Since his death in 1975 it is usually the original version which is performed.

The opera tells the story of a lonely woman in 19th century Russia, who falls in love with one of her husband's servants and is driven to murder. Some of the music is influenced by Expressionism and verismo. After being condemned by Stalin it was banned in the Soviet Union for almost thirty years.

Katerina is lonely. She is married to a merchant, Zinovy, but they have no children. Her father-in-law Boris is horrible to her and blames her for not having any children. When Zinovy goes away on business Boris forces her to swear to be faithful (not to make love to any other man while her husband is away). However, one of the servants, Sergei, becomes her lover. When Boris finds out he is furious and whips Sergei and locks him up. Katerina poisons Boris with mushrooms. When he dies she gets the key from his pocket and frees Sergei.

Katerina and Sergei go to bed together, but Katerina suffers from the ghost of Boris. When Zinovy comes back Sergei hides, but Zinovy guesses what has happened. Katerina and Sergei kill Zinovy and hide his body in the cellar.

Katerina and Sergei get married. A peasant finds Zinovy's body in the cellar and goes to fetch the police. The police arrive, Katerina and Sergei try to escape but are caught and sent to prison in Siberia. On the way there Sergei makes love to another girl Sonyetka. When Katerina finds out she pushes Sonyetka into a river to her death and finally jumps in herself.

It is hard to know why Stalin decided he did not like the opera. It may have been because the police are made to look silly. It may have been because it showed people being sent to Siberia. Maybe it was because Katerina sings a lot of beautiful music, while the other characters have music which often made them look stupid and grotesque. He may have thought that Shostakovich was being critical of the leaders of the Soviet Union.

Adoption

In English, adopt may mean 1) to take something up, such as an opinion ('we adopt the view that ...'), or 2) for a grown person to care for another person's child as if it was their own. This article is about the adoption of children.

Before adoption laws there was trouble when people gave their children away, and later wanted them back again. These days, children may be put in foster care for a short time, and after, the child may go back to the parents again. But legal adoption lasts for ever. After legal adoption the adoptive parent(s) have all rights and responsibilities to the child. The biological parents have no legal rights or responsibilities to the child at all. Legal adoptions may only be cancelled if they were not done as the law says.

In the West, till not long ago, public opinion was that people should only have children if they were married. Everything else meant shame, not only for the parents, but also for a child whose parents were not married. Many children of unmarried parents were given for adoption, and adoptive parents would make out they were biological parents and try to keep secret that their child was adopted.

Today there is still secrecy about adoption. General opinion is that all adoptions are good, but even so, experts know that adoption can be trouble. Some ask questions about the family love for an adopted child. Almost one out of three people asked say that adopted children have trouble behaving, have more illness, and are more easily addicted to drugs and alcohol. But adoptive parents were described by almost 90 percent as “lucky, advantaged, and unselfish” 

In many countries there are strong opinions on adoption. In some places single women may adopt a child, but single men may not. Some people say men are more likely to abuse children than women Opinions are changing fast, and many places these days homosexual couples may adopt children.

Many adopted people are pleased with their adoption. But many others are not. For example, experts have looked into adopted people's identity problems - their idea of self. Though the law says adoption lasts for ever, people from troubled adoptions want to know about their biological parents more than people from happy adoptions. Inter-racial adoption may also have problems for the adopted child's idea of self, of culture, and of where they come from.

Many grown people who had a troubled adoption look into their family history. Even some people who were happily adopted want to know more about where they came from. In some countries, people can read about their adoption at a public records office. In other countries adoption records are kept secret.

In England and Wales, people adopted after 1975 may easily read parts of their adoption records. For people adopted earlier than 1975 there are more complex rules. In Scotland, adopted people have always been able to find their birth records with details of their biological mother, and possibly their father. But all over the United Kingdom there are rules that limit the details which public records may give out about living people.

Meetings between adopted people and their biological parents have different effects. In England and Wales, about 40% of these meetings do not lead to a long lasting relationship.

Many women are sad after giving a child up for adoption. Some women never forget, and remember the child on birthdays, and some even say they think of the child every day. Many feel they were forced to give their child away, and that they did not get any help. Many can not take in what happened to them. They want people to know what happened, and to make sure that it does not happen again.


Border dispute

A border dispute is when two governments or more do not agree on the location of the border between their lands. An example is Pakistan and India over the territory of Kashmir. Another example is Kosovo which Serbia believe is theirs. An historical example is the Honey War between Iowa and Missouri.

Wars are sometimes fought over border disputes. Irredentism is often a border dispute.


Ambiguity

Ambiguity means that what a thing is, is not clear. Literally, the word refers to a choice between two different things. In the proper sense it should mean “two different meanings” because “ambi” comes from the Greek word for “two”.

We see things happen, and then we decide what they mean. If we cannot decide what is going on, the event is ambiguous. This is an extension of the original use of the word.

Words or sentences that are ambiguous can lead to misunderstandings (people get the wrong meaning). This can sometimes be serious, but it can also be funny. Jokes often rely on ambiguity.

The sentence “The peasants are revolting” is ambiguous because it could mean:

The British comedian Ronnie Barker said that he loved the English language because there are so many jokes you can make using ambiguity. He gave this example:

A mother says to her little boy: “Johnny, go over the road and see how old Mrs Jones is”. The boy comes back and says to his mother: “Mrs Jones says it is none of my business”.

The mother meant “old” in a friendly way (“dear old Mrs Jones”), but the sentence could also mean: find out Mrs Jones’s age. This is obviously how Johnny understood his mother's instruction.

The opposite of ambiguous is unambiguous (meaning that something is perfectly clear and can only have one meaning).

Ambiguity is not the same as vagueness, which means that there is so little detail given that a statement can mean almost anything.

Qantas

Qantas is the flag carrier airline of Australia. Its headquarters is near Kingsford Smith Airport in Sydney. It is the second oldest continuously operating airline in the world. Qantas is commonly known as the "Flying Kangaroo". This is because of its logo, which is a white kangaroo on a red triangle.

Qantas began in Winton, Queensland on 16 November 1920 as "Queensland and Northern Territorial Aerial Service Limited". It flew air mail services for the Australian government. In 1934, QANTAS Limited and Britain's Imperial Airways formed a new company, Qantas Empire Airways Limited. Qantas Empire Airways started services between Brisbane and Singapore using de Havilland DH-86 Commonwealth airplanes. In June 1959, Qantas' first jet airliner was delivered. It was a Boeing 707-138.

Qantas flies to 18 places in Australia and 23 place in 15 other countries.

In Australia

Worldwide

The table below shows how many different types of aircraft Qantas have operating and on order as of December 2019.


Heavy metal music

Heavy metal is a loud, aggressive style of rock music. The bands who play heavy metal music usually have one or two guitars, a bass guitar and drums. In some bands, electronic keyboards, organs, or other instruments are used. Heavy metal songs are loud and powerful-sounding, and have strong rhythms that are repeated. There are many different types of heavy metal, some of which are described below.

Common features of heavy metal include slackened (downtuned) instruments and unusual key changes and time signatures (metre).

Heavy metal bands sometimes dress in jeans, leather jackets, and leather boots, and have long hair. Heavy metal bands sometimes behave in a dramatic way when they play their instruments or sing. However, many heavy metal bands do not like to do this.

In the very late 1960s and 1970s, rock and roll turned into a harder, louder form of music called rock. In the 1970s, rock music bands played huge, loud concerts in outdoor stadiums. In the early 1970s, many rock bands played psychedelic rock, a type of rock music with lyrics and sounds that were intended to give the listener some idea of what it felt like to be on so-called "mind-expanding" (and usually illegal) drugs, and which some believe even enhanced the experience of being on the drugs themselves. Many bands from Britain played blues music mixed with rock music, such as The Animals, The Kinks, The Who, Jimi Hendrix, and Jeff Beck.

In the late 1960s, a harder and heavier form of rock music called "heavy metal" was first played. The first use of the term was in a 1968 song by Steppenwolf, "Born to be Wild", and other early heavy metal bands appeared in the same year. Many historians believe that Black Sabbath invented heavy metal music in the late 1960s. The band played loud, hard rock music based on blues music. Heavy metal music was mostly based on the sounds of the electric guitar. The electric guitar in heavy metal is always amplified through powerful amplifiers so that it has a loud, distorted, angry sound. Other bands such Deep Purple, Black Sabbath, Judas Priest, Eric Burdon and Alice Cooper played even louder, harder forms of heavy metal rock music.

Many debate which played heavy metal first, Black Sabbath or Led Zeppelin, however it is generally accepted in the metal community that both created heavy metal.

In the 1980s more sub-genre's of Heavy Metal bands were created, one of which was "Hair-Metal" with Bands such as Mötley Crüe, W.A.S.P. and Ratt became popular. Heavy Metal rock bands had long hair and the men wore make up (lipstick and eyeshadow) and tight leather pants and boots. Many metal songs were about love, sex, partying, having a good time, illegal drug use, and drinking alcohol. Rarely, but sometimes, metal songs were also politically and socially critical. In the late 1980s, groups such as Poison and Warrant were very successful, smashing the field with songs like “Talk Dirty to Me,” and “Cherry Pie.”

Another type of heavy metal in the 1980s was thrash metal, also known as thrash. Thrash metal bands played a faster, more aggressive type of metal. Thrash metal bands Metallica, Megadeth, Anthrax and Slayer are considered "The Big Four of Thrash."

In the 1990s, a new form of heavy metal developed, called alternative metal. Alternative metal combined thrash metal and grunge rock with hip-hop music and industrial music.
Also in the 1990s was nu metal, a shortening of "new metal". Nu metal mixed rap and hip hop style singing with metal music. Nu metal bands also often include DJ decks, synthesizers and other electronic instruments. Nu metal was very successful and made a lot of money, especially bands such as Linkin Park, Limp Bizkit, Slipknot and Disturbed.

Two more aggressive styles of heavy metal music, death metal and black metal, are louder and faster than other types of metal.The singers usually do not sing, but instead they growl or roar to make the songs more intense. These lyrics often tell of suffering, dying, and war. The guitars are usually distorted and drum sets containing .

Other important styles of metal are: power metal, a style whose music often is about fiction and epics like "The Lord of the Rings", and gothic metal, which has melancholy songs about abstract subjects like pain, life, death, faith and religion.

Gesualdo

Gesualdo is an Italian commune of the region of the Campania, province of Avellino, with about 3.800 inhabitants. 

It shares border with Sturno, Villamaina, Frigento, Fontanarosa, Grottaminarda.

Carlo Gesualdo, the Renaissance composer and murderer lived in a castle in Gesualdo.


AFL

AFL is a three-letter acronym that may mean one of the following:


Aphra Behn

Aphra Behn (10 July 1640 – 16 April 1689) was an English playwright. She is buried in Westminster Abbey.

Ben Jonson

Ben Jonson (11 June 1572 – 6 August 1637) was a major poet and playwright in English Renaissance drama. Many critics consider Jonson to be among the best playwrights of his time, a time when William Shakespeare also lived. 

Jonson was classically educated. He was a well-read and cultured man of the English Renaissance with an appetite for controversy of all kinds. 

He is best known for satirical plays "Every Man in His Humour" (1598), "Volpone, or The Fox" (c. 1606), "The Alchemist" (1610) and "Bartholomew Fair" (1614); also his lyric and epigrammatic poetry'

Robert Browning

Robert Browning (7 May 1812 – 12 December 1889) was an English poet and playwright of Victorian era. He was born in Camberwell, London. He was married to the poet Elizabeth Barrett Browning. They both moved to Italy and lived in Florence. He had one son. Browning died in Venice, Italy. He was buried in Poets' Corner of Westminster Abbey.

He wrote a poem called The Laboratory which was about a woman using poison to kill her lover's girlfriend.

Browning's longest work was the poem "The Ring and the Book". It consists of more than twenty thousand lines. It is based on a true story. It tells about a real crime committed in Italy at the end of 17th century. Its main hero is Pompilia Comparini, a young woman stabbed to death by her husband, count Guido Franceschini.

Poet's best work is probably the book "Men and Woman". It was published in 1855. It is a collection of monologues.

Browning's last book is "Asolando" which was published in 1889.

Gilbert Keith Chesterton wrote a book about Robert Browning; it was called "Robert Browning" and was published by Macmillan & Co. in 1903.

The Unknown Warrior

The Unknown Warrior is a tomb of an unknown British soldier who was killed on the battlefield during World War I. 

The unknown warrior was buried in Westminster Abbey on November 11, 1920. The tomb is covered by a slab of black Belgian marble and is the only tomb in Westminster Abbey that people may not walk on.

It has an inscription on it that is written by Herbert Ryle, Dean of Westminster.

The unknown warrior was awarded the United States Medal of Honor on October 17, 1921. This hangs on a pillar near his burial. The handles of the unknown warrior's tomb were lost, then found by a man in East London whilst digging up weeds.

Joseph Addison

Joseph Addison (May 1, 1672 – June 17, 1719) was a famous author and essayist who is known as "The Noblest Purifier of English Literature". Addison is buried in Westminster Abbey in the north aisle of the Henry VII Chapel.

Ipiaú

Ipiaú is a city in Bahia, Brazil.

The city is in the meeting point of the "Contas River" and the "Água-Branca River" (White-water River).

Ipiaú is bordered by Ibirataia and Jequié to the north, Aiquara and Jitaúna to the west, Ibirataia and Barra do Rocha to the east and Itagibá to the south.

The city is an important producer and exporter of cacao in Brazil.

Is the birthplace of many noted Brazilian writers and musicians such as Euclides Neto and Luiz Caldas.

German Empire

The German Empire or Germany ("Deutsches Reich" or "Deutsches Kaiserreich"or Deutschland in the German language) is the name for a group of German countries from January 18, 1871 to November 9, 1918. This is from the Unification of Germany when Wilhelm I of Prussia was made German Kaiser to when the third Emperor Wilhelm II was removed from power at the end of the First World War. In the 1920s, German nationalists started to call it the "Second Reich".

The name of Germany was "Deutsches Reich" until 1945. "Reich" can mean many things, empire, kingdom, state, "richness" or "wealth". Most members of the Empire were previously members of the North German Confederation. 

At different times, there were three groups of smaller countries, each group was later called a "Reich" by some Germans. The first was the Holy Roman Empire. The second was the German Empire. The third was the Third Reich.

The words "Second Reich" were used for the German Empire by Arthur Moeller van den Bruck, a nationalist writer in the 1920s. He was trying to make a link with the earlier Holy Roman Empire which had once been very strong. Germany had lost First World War and was suffering big problems. van den Bruck wanted to start a "Third Reich" to unite the country. These words were later used by the Nazis to make themselves appear stronger.


Anthony Powell

Anthony Dymoke Powell CH, CBE (December 21, 1905 – March 28, 2000) was a British novelist. He is best known for his "A Dance to the Music of Time" series of books published between 1951 and 1975. 

Powell was born in Westminster, England, to Philip Powell and Maud (née Wells-Dymoke). His father was an officer in the Welsh Regiment. His mother came from a wealthy family in Lincolnshire. Powell's early childhood was spent in a flat in Kensington. It overlooked the Gardens where he often played. In 1913, the family moved to Aldershot and into Stonehurst. Stonehurst was a large bungalow on top of a hill.

On the start of World War I in August 1914, his father went to France and took part in the early fighting. Powell moved with his mother to London. He went to a private school for a short time. Powell was later sent to a boarding school in Kent. In early 1919 Powell passed the Common Entrance Examination for Eton where he started that autumn. Powell went to Balliol College at the University of Oxford to study history in the autumn of 1923. During his third year Powell lived out of college, sharing a place with Henry Yorke. Powell travelled on the Continent during his holidays.

Powell came to work in London in the autumn of 1926. He got a job as an apprentice at the publishers, Duckworth and Company in Covent Garden.

Powells first novel, "Afternoon Men", was published in 1931. A second novel, "Venusberg", followed in 1932. Powell’s third novel, "From a View to a Death", was published in 1934. All three of Powell’s novels were liked in the London literary world. His next work was a part of a collection of works in which various authors wrote about their schooldays. Powell’s memories of Eton appeared under the title of "The Wat’ry Glade".

In the autumn of 1936, he left Duckworth’s and took a job as a script writer at the Warner Brothers Studio in Teddington. The job paid well, but it involved long hours. With a team of others, he worked to create a cheap movie for the Quota. The Quota was created by the Government to protect the British movie industry. It required movie theaters to show British-made movies as well as the more popular foreign movies they normally showed. Warner Brothers, an American movie studio, set up studios in Teddington to take advantage of this. After six months of work with no movie created, Powell’s contract ended and was not renewed.

Powell and his wife moved back to Regent's Park. Powell heard about a job in the movie industry, this time in Hollywood. The Powells went to Hollywood to try to get the job but he did not get it. They returned to London in August 1937. Powell began work on his fifth novel, "What’s Become of Waring". He finished it in late 1938 or early the following year. The book sold fewer than a thousand copies. 

Powell was told to report for duty on December 11. He was a part of the 1/5th Battalion of the Welsh Regiment at Haverfordwest in Pembrokeshire. Once war came, the long hours stopped any thought of writing a lot. Powell believed that this could help him. War service gave him a lot of material for later use. Parts of "A Dance to the Music of Time" are about the war years. These parts are "The Valley of Bones", "The Soldier's Art", and "The Military Philosophers". Powell’s military service gave him the basic ideas for these three novels.

Powell was 39. His first task was to work on "John Aubrey and His Friends". It was completed in May 1946. In 1949 The Cressett Press hired Powell to write a book that they brought out under the title "Brief Lives and Other Selected Writings" by John Aubrey.

Anthony Powell would go on to international fame. He was made Companion of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1956. In 1973 he turned down the offer of knighthood. He was made Companion of Honour (CH) in 1988. He published two more novels, "O, How The Wheel Becomes It!" (1983) and "The Fisher King" (1986). His "Writer's Notebook" was published after his death in 2001.

Anthony Powell died at his home, The Chantry, near Frome, Somerset, aged 94, on 28 March 2000.


Journalist

A journalist is a person who works in journalism to report the news. They may work on their own ("freelance") or for a newspaper, a radio or television programme. There are different kinds of journalists.

A reporter is a type of journalist who researches, writes, and reports information. Newspaper reporters write news articles and stories for newspapers. They write these articles and stories by interviewing people, asking questions, and doing research.

Reporters must tell the truth in their reports. Telling the truth is a very important part of all journalism jobs. Those who do not tell the truth may be punished like other workers who do not do their work. They can be suspended (do not work for a short time) or fired (losing their jobs).

However, frequently news reporting does show bias instead of objectivity.

Journalists sometimes expose themselves to danger, especially when reporting in areas of armed conflict or in places that do not respect the freedom of the press. Organizations such as Reporters Without Borders publish reports on press freedom and advocate for press freedom. The Committee to Protect Journalists has reported that as of 13 December 2022, 363 journalists were imprisoned around the world for reporting the news. Current numbers are even higher. The ten countries with the most journalists currently imprisoned are China (110), Iran (47), Myanmar (42), Turkey (40), Vietnam (39), Belarus (26), Eritrea (17), Bahrain (15), Burma (13) and India (7).

In the 2023 Israel–Hamas war, atleast 30 journalists "(26 Palestinians and 4 Israelis)" were killed while covering the operations.

There are many different types of jobs in journalism.




Centennial High School

Centennial High School is a high school is in Las Vegas, Nevada and is one of many high schools in the Clark County District. Centennial is in the Northwest Region in the Centennial Hills Community. In 2006 - 2007 there were more than 3000 students.

The mascot is the Bulldogs.

Centennial High School is home to the four-time Nevada Girl's Basketball Champions 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2005.

Nellis Air Force Base

Nellis Air Force Base (Nellis AFB) is a United States Air Force military base. It is located in the north part of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is home to the Thunderbirds. The base also trains fighter aircraft for the US Air Force. The base is named for William Harrell Nellis, a Las Vegas resident and P-47 pilot who died in action during the Battle of the Bulge in World War II. Nellis AFB is home to the F-15, F-16, and the F-22 Raptors.

The main base covers close to 11,300 acres (46 km²). Much of the base is undeveloped. The rest of the area is either paved or has buildings. The Indian Springs Air Force Auxiliary Airstrip was a part of Nellis. It used to be known as "Area 3". On June 20, 2005 the field was renamed to Creech Air Force Base.

The base has three main areas.

Women's basketball

Women's basketball is a sport for women. The rules are the same as men's basketball, but the ball is smaller. It is popular in colleges, universities, and professionally.

Modern rules for women's basketball are much the same as those for men's basketball, with a few changes.

The correct size for the ball in WNBA (Women's National Basketball Association) rules is a minimum of 28.5 inches (72.4 cm) in circumference. This is 1.00 inch (2.54 cm) smaller than the NBA ball. From 2004, this size is used for all professional women's competitions around the world.

The three-point line (a line from which a ball thrown into the basket is worth three points) is 20 feet and 6.25 inches (6.25 m) from the middle of the basket in WNBA competition. Also, there is no block/charge arc under the basket.

The WNBA shot clock is 24 seconds. Women's NCAA college basketball uses a 30-second shot clock. Men's basketball uses a 24-second shot clock.

Basketball is normally played in two 20 minute halves. WNBA games are played in four 10 minute quarters.

Women's basketball is very popular in colleges in North America. It is sponsored by athletics associations (groups that help organise sports). The most important competition is organised by a group called the NCAA (National Collegiate Athletic Association), and the winner is called the 'national champion'.

The 2007-08 national champion was the University of Tennessee Lady Volunteers.

The Women's Professional Basketball League (WBL) was a professional women's basketball league in the United States. The league played three seasons from the fall of 1978 to the spring of 1981. The league is the first American professional women's basketball league.

The Women's Basketball Association (WBA) was a professional women's basketball league in the United States. The league played three seasons from the summer of 1993 to the summer of 1995. The league is said to be the first American professional women's basketball league to be played in Summer.

The American Basketball League was started in 1996 because the Olympics made people more interested in basketball. The league played two full seasons (1996-97 and 1997-98) and started a third (1998-99) before it ended in 1998.

The Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) is a group that organizes professional basketball games for women. It is like the NBA (National Basketball Association), but for women. It was started in 1996.


Cebu

Cebu is an island province of the Philippines. Cebu has nine cities: Bogo, Carcar, Danao, Lapu-Lapu, Mandaue, Naga, Talisay, and Toledo, with the largest city being Cebu City, the capital. 

Siberian Husky

The Siberian Husky is a medium-sized working dog .It is quick and graceful. They have a compact and furry body, pointed ears, and a bushy tail. The husky is a sled dog. It is used for carrying a light load over great distances. Huskies show a balance of power, speed and endurance. Male huskies are usually thicker in appearance than female huskies.

The personality of the Siberian Husky is friendly and gentle. They are also alert and outgoing. They do not act possessive like a guard dog. They are curious, but they are not usually aggressive with other dogs. A husky's intelligence, and friendly behavior make them a companion.
They usually have long fur.

Siberians gained in popularity with the story of the "Great Race of Mercy," the 1925 serum run to Nome. This made dogs Balto and Togo famous. Several purebred Siberian Huskies played the part of the "half-wolf" companion in the television series "Due South".


Paradise

Paradise (often called Heaven, the Garden or Kingdom Come) is an idea in religion. It is a place where everything is good.

Classification

Classification could mean:



Heaven's Gate

Heaven's Gate was the name of a UFO group led by Marshall Applewhite and Bonnie Nettles, until their deaths.

The group ended with the appearance of Comet Hale-Bopp, in the United States in the year 1997. Applewhite convinced 38 followers to kill themselves so that their souls could ride on a spaceship they believed was hiding behind the comet. Beliefs such as this led some people to call this a "UFO Religion". This belief was made up of UFO, New Age and Christian ideas.


Colt

Colt may mean many things, like:




Positive number

A positive number is a number that is bigger than zero. The set of all positive integers is written as formula_1 or formula_2. 

A positive number can be written with a "+" symbol in front of it, or just as a number. For example, the numbers "+3" and "3" are the same. 

Positive numbers are written to the right of zero on a number line:

In the above line, the positive numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 are shown.



Bernkastel-Kues

Bernkastel-Kues () is a city in Germany. It is on the Moselle River.

Thionville

Thionville (Luxembourgish: "Diddenuewen", German: "Diedenhofen") is a city in northeast France, close to the Luxembourgian and German border. It is on the left side of the Moselle River. About 41,000 people were living there in 2014.
Until 1659 Thionville was part of the Holy Roman Empire (as a part of Luxembourg till 1462). From 1871 to 1919 it was part of the German Empire, and from 1940 to 1944 part of Nazi Germany.


Metz

Metz is a city in France, the prefecture of the Lorraine region and the Moselle department. 

There was once a city in Roman times, called "Divodurum". It was the capital of a Celtic tribe called "Mediomatrici". They were called the "Mettis" for short, which is where the name "Metz" comes from. The Romans controlled this city for a long time as an important center in Gallia, but it was captured by Attila the Hun in 451. It was shortly after taken over by the Franks. 

Metz remained a very important city, and as the borders changed over the years, it became the capital of Austrasia (from 561 to 751) and of Lotharingia (from 843 to 925), before becoming part of the Holy Roman Empire (from 925). The city was handed to King Henry II of France in 1552. In 1633, it became the capital of a French province called the "Three Bishoprics". The Prussians captured the town in 1870 and Metz once again became part of Germany, until 1918 when it was won back by France. The Germans captured it once more in1940 but France regained it in 1944.

In this city, there are a lot of monuments like :<br>





Metz has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification). 


Metz is twinned with:

Cochem

Cochem is a town in Germany. It is on the Moselle River.

Saar (river)

The Saar () is a river in northeastern France (Grand Est) and western Germany (Saarland, Rhineland-Palatinate). It is a right tributary of the Moselle River. It rises in the Vosges Mountains in Grand Est and flows northwards into the Moselle near Trier.

The first written mention of the Saar, in Latin language as "Saravus", is found in the poem "Mosella" by the Roman poet Decimus Magnus Ausonius.

With a length of , it is the largest tributary of the Moselle river. Its drainage basin has an area of approximately .

The Saar river is born at the foot of Mont Donon, the highest peak of the northern Vosges Mountains. It flows first for about through the French region of Grand Est. The Saar marks the border between France and Germany for about from its confluence with the Blies, between the towns of Sarreguemines and Saarbrücken and goes into German territory.

Then the river flows about through the Saarland, and about through the Rhineland-Palatinate and, finally, flows into the Moselle at Konz between Trier and the Luxembourg border.

The "Sarre Rouge" (Red Saar) and "Sarre Blanche" (White Saar) are considered as the two source rivers of the Saar.

The Red and the White Saar have their sources on Donon, less than distance apart. The source of the White Saar is near the town of Grandfontaine (Bas-Rhin department), and the source of the Red Saar is near the town of Abreschviller, (Moselle department). The confluence of the two rivers is near Hermelange (), south of Sarrebourg.

The Saar river, and its two source rivers, flow first through the Moselle department, in the Lorraine region; then, for a short distance, flow through the Bas-Rhin department, in the Grand Est region. From Sarrealbe to Sarreguemines, the Saar flows along the border with Germany. At Sarreguemines, the Blies river, the largest tributary of the Saar, flows into the Saar and its discharge rises from 20.9 m³/s to 41.5 m³/s.

From Sarreguemines, the Saar is (it is deep, wide and slow enough for a ship to pass). Then the Saar gets into German territory forming a narrow valley through the western Rhenish Massif. At its beginning in this region, it forms the famous Saar loop (German: "Saarschleife") at Mettlach.

After 246 km (129 km in France, and 117 km in Germany) the Saar flows into the Moselle river at Konz (Rhineland-Palatinate) between Trier and the Luxembourg border.

Grapes, to produce wine, are grown along the lower Saar, mainly between Serrig and Konz.

Some of the important tributaries of the Saar are:

Some towns and cities found along the river are:



Konz

Konz is a city in Germany. It is on the Moselle River.


Saar

Saar has several meanings:



SAAR may refer to:

Max

Max might refer to:



Simple living

Simple living means to choose a lifestyle where you own fewer things and focus on what you need instead of what you want. People choose this lifestyle for many different reasons, often based on their views on health, economy, or philosophy, or because they want to protect the environment. Some people do it simply because it suits them better.

Some famous people who chose the simple living lifestyle are Francis of Assisi, Leo Tolstoy, Rabindranath Tagore, Albert Schweitzer, Mohandas Gandhi, and Henry David Thoreau. The Amish live simply by using only things that are described in the Bible.


Meteor burst communication

Meteor burst communication uses radio waves which bounce off the ionized trails made by meteors as they enter the earth’s atmosphere. It is also called Meteor scatter communication.

Meteors are lumps of rock which are floating about in space. There are always meteors which are entering the earth’s atmosphere. They normally burn up in the atmosphere. A few very large ones that hit the earth are called 'meteorites'. Most meteors are only tiny specks of dust. As they enter the atmosphere the heat made by air friction rips off electrons. This produces an ionized trail. This trail can reflect radio waves in the same way that a wire would.

The meteors that are used for meteor burst communication are between one thousandth and one hundredth of a gram. Meteors which are smaller than this are too weak to be used. Larger ones are not frequent enough.

The ionized trail can last for several seconds. During this time messages can be sent between two radio communication stations. The messages will be transmitted very fast: about 200 times as fast as with ordinary shortwave radio communication. A teletypewriter may type several lines of text during a meteor burst. The two stations that want to communicate will have to be ready all the time as they never know when the next burst of communication will come. They may have to use several meteor bursts before the whole message is received. The transmitters are often put on buoys in the sea.

Meteor burst communication was first widely used in the 1950s. It was particularly useful for military communications, because a receiver could not tell exactly which direction the message had come from. This was because the message was reflected on the way, so it did not travel in a straight line (i.e. in a simple great circle round the earth’s curve).

The use of communications satellites in the late 20th century has made meteor burst communication rare.

Hole

A hole is an empty space in a solid object, which can be flat.

It can also mean other things:


Spyware

Spyware is a category of software for computers. Spyware is malware that collects some data, usually without the computer users' knowledge. Very often, this data is then sent over the internet to someone else. Very often, this is used for marketing. Spyware can also be used to steal data from computers. One kind is a keylogger which can see whatever you are typing. Keyloggers can steal important information like passwords that you type. 

The best protection is to get a program that protects against spyware. However, many websites that claim to have them are actually spyware, not something to protect against it. This method of installing spyware is called a Trojan horse which looks like a normal program, but when it runs, it collects information to use against you. Spyware tracks your computer and uses some of the things on it. This includes your files, your downloads, and usernames/passwords for websites and programs. With this, the trojan operator can log into your accounts. 

There are spyware applications that are designed to enable users to spy on themselves rather than others. This is called myware. The term myware has mainly been applied to software applications in three areas: social networking, marketing and time tracking.



Vector space

A vector space is a collection of mathematical objects called vectors, along with some operations you can do on them. Two operations are defined in a vector space: addition of two vectors and multiplication of a vector with a scalar. These operations can change the size of a vector and the direction it points to. The most important thing to understand is that after you do the addition or multiplication, the result is still in the vector space; you have not changed the vector in a way that makes it not a vector anymore. A vector space is often represented using symbols such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3.

More formally, a vector space is a special combination of a group and a field. The elements of the group are called vectors, and the elements of the field are called scalars. Vector spaces are important in an area of mathematics called linear algebra, an area which deals with linear functions (functions of straight lines, not curves). 

A vector can be represented graphically with an arrow that has a tail and a head. To add two vectors, you place the end of one vector at the head of the other one (see figure). The sum is the vector that goes from the tail of the first vector to the head of the second. 

"Scalar multiplication" means that one vector is made bigger or smaller (it is "scaled"). Scalars are just numbers: if you multiply a vector by 2, you make it twice as long. If you multiply it by 1/2, you make it half as long.

The "vectors" don't have to be vectors in the sense of things that have magnitude and direction. For example, they could be functions, matrices or simply numbers. If they obey the axioms of a vector space (a list of properties a vector space needs to satisfy), you can think of them as vectors and the theorems of linear algebra will still apply to them.

There are some combinations of vectors that are special. A minimum set of vectors that—through some combination of addition and multiplication—can reach any point in the vector space is called a basis (of that vector space). It is true that every vector space has a basis. It is also true that all bases of any one vector space have the same number of vectors in them. This is called the dimension theorem. We can then define the dimension of a vector space to be the size of its basis.


Basis (linear algebra)

In linear algebra, a basis is a set of vectors in a given vector space with certain properties:


The plural of basis is bases. For any vector space formula_1, any basis of formula_1 will have the same number of vectors. This number is called the dimension of formula_1.

formula_4 is a basis of formula_5 as a vector space over formula_6.

Any element of formula_5 can be written as a linear combination of the above basis. Let formula_8 be any element of formula_5 and let formula_10. Since formula_11 and formula_12 are elements of formula_6, then we can write formula_14. So formula_8 can be written as a linear combination of the elements in formula_16.

Also, this process would not be possible for any vector formula_8 if an element was removed from formula_16. So formula_16 is a basis for formula_5.

The basis formula_16 is not unique; there are infinitely many bases for formula_5. Another example of a basis would be formula_23.

Prisoner of war

A prisoner of war (short form: POW) is a non-combatant who has been captured or surrendered by the forces of the enemy, during an armed conflict. In past centuries, prisoners had no rights. They were usually killed or forced to be slaves. Nowadays prisoners of war have rights that are stated in the Geneva Conventions and other laws of war.

The Third Geneva Convention gives prisoners of war many different rights. Here are some examples:


If they are very sick or hurt, prisoners of war have the right to be let go. After a war ends, all prisoners must be let go quickly.

Prisoners of war also have the right NOT to:

Not all people who are caught while fighting wars are "prisoners of war." The Third Geneva Convention has a strict definition of what a prisoner of war is. For example, it says that to be "prisoners of war," soldiers must:
According to the Geneva Conventions, if soldiers do not meet these requirements, they are not "prisoners of war." They are "unlawful combatants" (which means "people who fight in ways that are against the law). This means they do NOT have the rights that are listed in the Geneva Conventions.

This caused controversy in the early 21st century. For example, in June 2002, the United States was fighting the War in Afghanistan. The Secretary of Defense, Donald Rumsfeld, announced that the people the U.S. had captured were "unlawful combatants [who] do not have any rights under the Geneva Convention[s]." The U.S. said these people were unlawful combatants, not prisoners of war, because:

The U.S. brought some of these people to a prison in Guantánamo Bay. Because they were enemy combatants, the inmates at Guantánamo did not get the rights that the Geneva Conventions give to prisoners of war.

When a country, or a group of people, does not give prisoners of war their rights, they are committing a war crime. However, punishing those war crimes has not always been easy.
The Geneva Convention lists the rights that prisoners of war have. However, there is nothing in the Geneva Convention that says how people should be punished when they do not give prisoners of war these rights.

In the past, when a country broke the Geneva Convention by not giving prisoners of war their rights, many different things might happen. For example, after World War II ended, the countries that won the war set up military tribunals called the Nuremberg Trials and the Tokyo Trials. At these trials, military leaders from Nazi Germany and the Empire of Japan were tried for crimes against prisoners of war (and many other things). Many of them were convicted and sentenced to death or to life in prison.

However, at other times, crimes against prisoners of war might be tried in the same country where the crimes happened. This might happen before or after the war ended. Sometimes crimes against prisoners of war were not punished at all.

In 2002, the International Criminal Court (ICC) was created to look into war crimes around the world, and punish people for them, if possible.

The ICC has a long list of crimes that are defined as war crimes. Some war crimes against prisoners of war are:

If a country, or a group of people, commit a war crime against prisoners of war, the ICC can put them on trial and punish them if they are found guilty.

Jackson's chameleon

Jackson's chameleon ("Trioceros jacksonii"), also known as the horned chameleon, Jackson's horned chameleon, or Kikuyu three-horned chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in the forests of Kenya and Tanzania. They have been introduced to the United States and Hawaii.

Males are easily recognized, they have two horns above their eyes and one horn on their nose. If males are kept together in a cage, they get stressed, and eventually die. 

Females do not have horns, or if they do they are very small. Their biggest size is 15 inches. This species gives birth to live young with a gestation period of about 5-10 months.

Resuscitation

Resuscitation is a thing to do in a medical emergency. It is first aid which is given to a person who is unconscious, and where breathing or pulse can not be detected. It is done to make oxygen continues to reach the heart and the brain. That way, a doctor may be able to restart the heart, possibly without damaging the brain.

The most common cause for a stopping heart is a heart attack.

The person helping must:

Aubergine

The aubergine (also called eggplant or brinjal) is a plant. It is actually a fruit, but it is used like a vegetable. The plant is in the nightshade family of plants. It is related to the potato and tomato. Originally, it comes from India and Sri Lanka. The Latin/French term aubergine comes from the historical city of Vergina (Βεργίνα) in Greece. The aubergine eggplant is estimated to have been brought to Greece around 325 BC after the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC. Discovering this new vegetable during his conquest, Alexander the Great wanted to bring it back to his country on his return. After his death, members of his army brought aubergine seeds with them to Greece and specifically to the city of Vergina (Βεργίνα). The Latin/French term aubergine (au·ber·gine) (\ˈō-bər-ˌzhēn\) is estimated around 1505 AD and is coined to Franco-Catalan gastronomist Sergius Rosario Silvestri, co-traveller and close friend to Amerigo Vespucci. Upon arrival to the historical site of Vergina (Βεργινα) and wanting to try the local delicacies, Silvestri came across the plant of aubergine. Not knowing its name, he referred to it as aubergine (au Bergine or au Vergine) which in French means "at Vergina" or "found at Vergina".

Coral Sea Islands

The Coral Sea Islands (or Coral Sea Islands Territory) is a group of islands on the Great Barrier Reef, in the country of Australia. Some islands have automatic weather stations or lighthouses on them. Willis Island is the only island where people live; four people there run a weather station. They are in the Coral Sea, northeast of Queensland.

Pernambuco

Pernambuco is a state of Brazil. The capital city of the state is Recife. About 8 million people live in Pernambuco with 1.5 million of those living in Recife. The economy is largely based on agriculture, its main exports are sugar cane and manioc. It has a mainly tropical climate.

Manioc

Manioc (or Cassava, or Yuca, especially in Latin America) is a shrub. It belongs to the Spurge family of plants and it grows in tropical climates. It is cultivated for its edible root. The manioc must be cooked properly to detoxify it before it is eaten as it contains cyanide, and can be used in dumplings, soups, stews and gravies.
Manioc is a plant grown for its big white root. The root is an important food source for people in many tropical countries. Such countries are like Africa, South America and Asia. It is a tall, shrubby plant that grows to about 4-6 meters tall. It has large green leaves. The root of the plant is long and white. It is usually about 15 centimeters wide.

The root of the manioc plant is rich in carbohydrates. It also contains other important nutrients, such as vitamin C and iron. 100 grams of manioc root contains around 130 calories, 30 grams of carbohydrates, 2 grams of fiber, 1.6 gram of protein, and negligible amount of fat.

To eat the root, it must be cleaned, peeled, and sometimes grated. It can be cooked in different ways, like fry, boil, or bake. It is used to make different foods like cakes, bread, and fufu.

Manioc is also used to make flour and other food products. The flour is gluten-free. The it can be used for baking and making different dishes. It is commonly used to thicken sauces and soups. Tapioca the popular ingredient in many dishes also made with manioc.

People eat leaves of manioc as a vegetable. People also used the young shoots in salads or cooked as a green.

However, it is important to note that it contains a toxic chemical called linamarin. It needs to be removed before eating. This is done by grating, soaking and cooking the root. If it's not done well, it can make sick.

In some places, people make a drink from the root called "cassava beer". Also, it is used as food for animals, and its leaves as forage.

Manioc can be grown with little care and few things, making it a good crop for small farmers. It can also be grown on the same land for a few years in a row.


Life cycle

Life cycle means the stages a living thing goes through during its life.

In some cases the process is slow, and the changes are gradual. Humans have various stages of growth during their lives, such as zygote, embryo, child and adult. The change from a child to an adult is slow and continuous. In many societies it is marked by ceremonies at puberty.

In most insects the transition is sharp and well-defined: egg > larva > pupa > imago (adult).

In some animals, the parent generation looks different from the child. The most common case is that there are two different forms. One form will have sexual reproduction, the others might not reproduce, or might reproduce asexually.

Some plants and a few other organisms have a system called "alternation of generations" which is not quite the same because one form is haploid and the other is dipoid.

Parasites are organisms that benefit from harming other organisms. The organism they profit from is usually called host. Many parasites have complex life cycles, where they need different hosts for different stages of their development. As an example, the cycle egg > snail host > mammal host is common for parasites of herbivorous mammals. Malaria is caused by single-celled parasites. These parasites go through two stages in their development. One stage is in the blood of mosquitoes, the other in the blood of humans.

Examples of this can also be found in the Cnidaria. These animals live in the sea or in freshwater and the structure of most is relatively simple. Some live as single animals, others form colonies. In a colony, many animals live together. Often, each animal in a colony is specialized, and needs the other animals of the colony to survive.

A well-known example where different generations have different forms is the jellyfish. It has two: 
In a complete cycle, the offspring of a medusa will develop into a polyp, and the offspring of a polyp will be a medusa. 
Sometimes the cycle is modified or incomplete. Anthozoa is a group of the Cnidaria which contains sea anemones and corals. In the anthozoa, there is only a polyp stage, and no medusa stage.

The box jellyfish form another small group in the Cnidaria. In the box jellyfish, the polyp transforms into the medusa. In some cases, only part of the polyp transforms, the part that is left regenerates to form a new polyp. People have also talked about the box jellyfish because many of them produce poison that is very effective, and that can be dangerous to humans.

In the stalked jellyfish, there is only one form, which has been interpreted as a sessile medusa. 


Yucca

Yucca is a family of shrubs and trees, related to the agaves. There are between 40 and 50 different kinds of Yucca. All come from the hot and dry places in North and Central America, as well as the Caribbean. 

They have a very special way of pollination. There is an animal, the Yucca moth, which does the pollination. It also lays its eggs in the plant. The larvae will eat some of the seeds, but not all of them.

In many parts of the world, yuccas are grown as ornamental flowers. 

Herb

Herbs are plants that are grown either as a food (usually as a condiment), or because they have some use in treating diseases (or making them better), or for spiritual reasons (for example, their smell). Some herbs may act as an aphrodisiac.

The word herb comes from the Latin word "herba", meaning grass, green stalks, or blades. Botanists use the word to mean any plant with soft, succulent tissues. But many people use the word to mean only herbs with some economic value.

Herbs are small plants that have a fleshy or juicy stem when they are young. The stems of some herbs develop hard, woody tissue when they grow old.

Most herbs are perennials. This means that the top of each plant die each growing season, but the roots remain alive and produce new plants year after year.

Some herbs are annuals. They live for only one growing season and must be raised from seed each year.

The leaves, stems, or seeds of herbs can be used fresh, or they can be dried for later use. Dried herbs can be pounded to a fine powder, placed in airtight containers, and then stored.

Some herbs are used in cooking to flavor foods. Others give scents to perfumes. Still others are used for medicines. Some herbs, such as balm and sage, are valued for their leaves. Saffron is picked for its buds and flowers. Fennel seeds are valuable in relishes and seasoning. Vanilla fruit pods yield vanilla flavoring. Ginseng is valued for its aromatic roots.

People often grow herbs in their gardens. Some people grow herb gardens for the patterned beds that they can create with these plants. Many other gardeners grow herbs for the flavor that the fresh or dried plants add to food.

Herb seeds and seedlings are inexpensive, and the plants grow easily. People who do not have enough outdoor space for herb beds can grow most kinds of herbs in containers.

Many kinds of herbs can also be grown indoors. The plants grow well with little care. Gardeners plant herbs in good soil that has been well-cultivated. They choose a sunny spot near a window.



Podcasting

Podcasting is a way to share information as digital audio files. People often subscribe, download, and share podcasts using a computer and listen to them on an MP3 player.

Many podcasts are similar to broadcast radio news or discussion programs. Some use other formats such as a continuing story, comedy show, lecture, or audiobook.

As of 7 August 2022, there are at least 2,864,367 podcasts and 135,736,875 episodes.

Podcasts can be found for almost anything. Radio shows, do-it-yourself projects, special interest groups, religious sermons, comedy sketches, cartoons, and just about anything else can be found. A podcast can be found using a podcast search engine. Once a podcast is found, it can be subscribed to, like a magazine or newspaper, and streamed or downloaded. Podcasting services are used to stream or download podcasts and listen to them. 

Podcasting has become so popular that many people who write for magazines or report news on television have also been putting out their own podcasts. Anyone can start a podcast and share their knowledge with the world with the help of different platforms that are currently available online.


Alexander Fleming

Sir Alexander Fleming (6 August 1881 – 11 March 1955) was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist. His father Hugh, died at 59 when Alexander was only seven. He is best known for discovering the antibiotic substance penicillin in 1928. He shared Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 for this discovery with Howard Walter Florey and Ernst Boris Chain. His accidental finding of penicillin in the year 1928 marked the start of today's antibiotics.

Fleming was a captain in the Royal Army Medical Corps during World War I. He saw many soldiers die of infection after being wounded, and after the war did research in bacteriology. After accidentally finding penicillin he studied ways to use it. 

Fleming died of a heart attack in London. He was buried in St. Paul's cathedral. 


Litter box

A litter box (sometimes called a sand box, a litter tray or a litter pan) is a place for cats and some other pets to use as a toilet. Litter boxes usually need to be cleaned regularly. Cats, for example, wish to have their box cleaned every two to three days. Some cats create litterboxes in places like playgrounds and sandpits. Litterboxes usually produce bad smells, which can be avoided by special litter. Many people buy a special kind of clay to fill the box, for this reason.

Playground

A playground is an area used by children to play in. They usually have equipment such as slides, swings and seesaws for children to play on. They are usually outside, but sometimes they are in a building. Having a playground can enhance your macadam surface and improve your kid’s time in the playground.

The equipment may be made of metal, wood or plastic. The ground beneath the equipment will not be hard in case a child falls. It may be a rubber floor, or there may be woodchips or sand. 

Playgrounds give children a place for physical exercise. This helps them get and keep physical fitness and be strong and healthy. Daily exercise reduces the risks of obesity. 

Woodstock Festival

The Woodstock Music and Art Festival was a rock music festival at 's 600 acre (2.4 km²) dairy farm in the town of Bethel, New York from 15 to 18 August 1969. It might be the most famous rock concert and festival ever held. For many, it showed the counterculture of the 1960s and the "hippie era".

Many of the most famous musicians at the time showed up during the rainy weekend, as can be seen in a 1970 movie, "Woodstock". Joni Mitchell's song "Woodstock", about the event, also became a major hit song for Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. In recent years, a number of attempts were made to recreate it, but the original Woodstock festival of 1969 has proven to be legendary.

The festival was called "Woodstock", because the investment group that backed the concert was called "Woodstock Ventures." It was originally planned for Saugerties, and then the Town of Wallkill, in Orange County (not to be confused with the Hamlet of Wallkill, in Ulster county). People in the Town of Wallkill, meaning those on the Town Board, quickly passed a law that required a permit to hold any gathering for over 5,000 people. A permit was applied for, but it was denied because the portable toilets proposed were considered to be inadequate. A Sullivan County farmer named Max Yasgur heard about the festival and the problems and offered his farm in the Town of Bethel. He was paid $10,000 for the three days.

Although all the municipalities were told there would be no more than 50,000, the organizers thought they would get as many as 150,000, and by best counts, there were more than three times that number over the three days. Most did not pay to get in, and the festival lost money as a result. The roads to the concert were jammed with traffic. People left their cars and walked for miles to get to the concert area. The weekend was rainy and overcrowded, and fans shared food, alcoholic drinks, and drugs. Some people who lived there, including those at nearby Camp Ma-Ho-Ge, gave blankets and food to some concert-goers.

After two days of rain, there was deep mud in many places. There was almost no water for washing, and not enough toilets. Many of the concert-goers had brought small tents to sleep in; some of these turned into piles of cloth and mud. Even though this may not have been the most comfortable place, the crowd kept up kindness and good cheer among themselves. As the half-million people in the audience became aware of this, a warm feeling of friendship spread to everyone.

Some of the music stars of Woodstock were The Who and Jimi Hendrix. Because of arguments about getting paid, The Who did not play on the stage until about 4:00 in the morning. One part of The Who's show was the song "See Me, Feel Me", when the sun rose just as lead singer Roger Daltrey started to sing the chorus. When The Who was still playing, Abbie Hoffman jumped on the stage stopping the show, and tried to stir up the crowd with political slogans, but he was knocked off the stage by the guitar of the band's leader, Pete Townshend, to the delight of the audience. At the end of The Who's set, Townshend slammed his guitar into the stage and threw it into the crowd. This helped set up The Who as super-stars, and caused their album "Tommy" to sell multi-platinum.

Jimi Hendrix had a big show with the songs he played, including a new version of "The Star Spangled Banner". The song caused some disagreements, because the Vietnam War was going on, and the sounds that Hendrix made with his guitar were like the sounds of the violence of the war. Fans remember these two acts as some of the greatest in rock history, although both The Who and Hendrix thought of their performances as not the best.

Woodstock was put on by Michael Lang, Artie Kornfeld, John Roberts and Joel Rosenman. Roberts was the financer, backed by a trust fund; his friend Rosenman, a graduate of Yale Law, was an amateur guitarist. Their friends were Kornfeld, vice-president at Capitol Records, and Michael Lang. Lang was a light-hearted hippie who had owned a head shop, and hoped to build a studio in the Woodstock area to serve singers such as Bob Dylan and Janis Joplin, who had homes nearby. When Lang and Kornfeld told the idea to Rosenman and Roberts, Rosenman got the idea of a rock concert with the same musicians. They picked the slogan "Three Days of Peace and Music". They hired artist Arnold Skolnick to design the artwork for the poster with the bird. It wasn't until years later, after the release of the 3-LP album and the documentary-like movie that the original investors began to recoup their investment.

In 1997, the concert place and 1,400 surrounding acres were bought by Alan Gerry, and have become the Bethel Woods Center for the Arts. It opened on July 1, 2006 with the New York Philharmonic playing. On August 13, 2006, Crosby Stills Nash & Young amazed 16,000 fans at the new Center—exactly 37 years after they played at Woodstock.

Phishing

Phishing is a way that people get sensitive information such as usernames or passwords. It is a method of social engineering. Very often, phishing is done by electronic mail. This mail looks as if it comes from a bank or other trusted company. It usually says that because of some change in the system, the users need to re-enter their usernames/passwords to confirm their identity. The emails usually have a link to a page that looks like that of the real bank. 

Phishing allows criminals to get access to bank accounts or other accounts. Types of accounts that are often accessed include shopping, auction or gaming accounts. It can also be used for identity theft.

Most forms of phishing have not had much change over the lifetime of the Internet. During this time, some phishing tactics have gotten much more sophisticated. For example, many phishing techniques via e-mail involve spoofing the email address and creating emails that look just like emails sent from the real company. Not all phishing attempts do this, however. 

Phishing can also be done over text using instant messaging apps such as Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp. It can even be done using snail mail. If someone gets a text from an unknown number that tells them to visit a specific website for any reason, it might be a phishing link.
Some people who do this started using images of text to make it harder for anti-phishing filters to see it. This can work because the filters look for words often used in phishing emails/messages. However, better filters have been invented that can still read the text using OCR (optical character recognition).

Some anti-phishing filters can even read cursive, hand-written, upside-down, distorted (for example, wavy or stretched) text, as well as writing on colored backgrounds.


Edward Heath

Sir Edward Richard George Heath (9 July 1916 – 17 July 2005), often known as Ted Heath, was a British Conservative politician. He was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1970 until 1974. Heath was also the leader of the Conservative Party from 1965 until 1975.

Heath was educated at Balliol College, Oxford.

In 1937, as a student when he was travelling in Nuremberg, Heath met three of Adolf Hitler's top Nazi leaders Hermann Goering, Joseph Goebbels and Heinrich Himmler. He described Himmler as the most evil man he had ever met. Heath also travelled to Barcelona in Spain in 1938 at the time of the Spanish Civil War. In 1939, Heath went again to Germany, and returned to Britain before the outbreak of World War II.

Heath was a lifelong bachelor. He never married. His sexual orientation was a matter of dispute during his lifetime, and since. There were rumours that he was gay. Heath never spoke about his sexuality.
He was also a classical organist and conductor and a sailor.

In August 2015, ten years after his death, it was claimed that five police forces were investigating Heath about allegations of child sexual abuse. Writing in "The Independent", Heath's biographer John Campbell said: "If he had any inclinations that way he would have repressed them; he was too self-controlled and self-contained to do anything that would have risked his career".

Edward Heath was from a working class family, the son of a carpenter and a maid. He was the first of two important post-World War II prime ministers to come from the lower ranks of society (the other being Margaret Thatcher). Heath went to a grammar school in Ramsgate, and won a scholarship to Balliol College, Oxford. Heath was a talented musician, and won the college's organ scholarship in his first term. This enabled him to stay at the university for a fourth year. He eventually graduated with in philosophy, politics and economics (PPE) in 1939.

Heath served in the army in WWII, starting as a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery. In 1944 he took part in the Normandy Landings. Heath was eventually demobilised (left the army) as a lieutenant-colonel in 1947.

After a spell in the Civil Service, Heath won a seat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Bexley in the February 1950 general election.

Heath's early appointments were as a whip in the Conservative Party in the House of Commons. He rose to be Chief Whip and Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury from 1955 to 1959. Harold Macmillan appointed him Minister of Labour, a Cabinet post, in 1959.

In 1960 Macmillan gave Heath responsibility for negotiating the UK's first attempt to join the European Economic Community (as the European Union was then called). After extensive negotiations, the British entry was vetoed by the French President, Charles de Gaulle.

From 1965 to 1970 Heath was Leader of the Opposition when the Labour Party were in power. Then he was elected Prime Minister in the General Election of 1970.

During his premiership the UK government passed through parliament some quite radical changes.

Since Anglo-Saxon times, the currency of England (and so later the UK) was based on the pound sterling, at a rate of 240 pence to £1. On 15 February 1971, known as Decimal Day, the United Kingdom and Ireland decimalised their currencies.

This change had many consequences, but it was eventually accepted by most people. It was an expensive change. Not only was the whole of the currency in circulation changed, but many mechanical gadgets also had to be changed. Every cash register in the country, every commercial machine which took coins, every public notices of monetary charges, and so on.

The other change, which happened at roughly the same time, was metrication of the old imperial system of weights and measures. This idea dated to before Heath, and was continued after him by the next Labour government. It was never fully completed. Speed limits are still in miles per hour, and measurements of length are still in traditional yards, feet and inches, with metric as an alternative. Once again, the changes were hugely expensive. It meant an almost complete retooling in the machine tool industry.

It was mainly done because joining the European Economic Community (EEC) in 1973 obliged the United Kingdom to take into its law all EEC directives. These included the use of a prescribed SI-based set of units for many purposes within five years. However, metric measures are not much used in everyday life in the UK.

Heath took the United Kingdom into Europe with the European Communities Act 1972 in October.

Once de Gaulle had left office, Heath was determined to get the UK into the (then) European Economic Community. The EEC economy had also slowed down and British membership was seen as a way to revitalise it. After a 12-hour talk between Heath and French President Georges Pompidou Britain's third application succeeded.

Heath failed to control the power of the unions. Two miners' strikes damaged the economy. The 1974 strike caused much of the country's industry to work a three-day week to conserve energy. That was enough for the electorate to put the government out of office. The loss of the 1974 general election ended Heath's career at the top. The Conservative Party replaced him with Margaret Thatcher.

Heath never married. He had been expected to marry childhood friend Kay Raven, who reportedly tired of waiting and married an RAF officer whom she met on holiday in 1950. In a four-sentence paragraph of his memoirs, Heath claimed that he had been too busy establishing a career after the war and had "perhaps ... taken too much for granted". In a 1998 TV interview with Michael Cockerell, Heath admitted that he had kept her photograph in his flat for many years afterwards.

His interest in music kept him on friendly terms with a number of female musicians including Moura Lympany. Lympany had thought Heath would marry her, but when asked about the most intimate thing he had done, replied, "He put his arm around my shoulder." Bernard Levin wrote at the time in "The Observer", forgetting two other prime ministers who were bachelors with no known romantic interests, that the UK had to wait until the emergence of the permissive society for a prime minister who was a virgin. In later life, according to his official biographer Philip Ziegler, Heath was "apt to relapse into morose silence or completely ignore the woman next to him and talk across her to the nearest man".

John Campbell, who published a biography of Heath in 1993, devoted four pages to a discussion of the evidence concerning Heath's sexuality. Whilst acknowledging that Heath was often assumed by the public to be gay, not least because it is "nowadays ... whispered of any bachelor" he found "no positive evidence" that this was so "except for the faintest unsubstantiated rumour". Campbell concluded that the most significant aspect of Heath's sexuality was his complete repression of it.

One Magic Christmas

One Magic Christmas is a 1985 Christmas movie released by Walt Disney Pictures, starring Harry Dean Stanton and Mary Steenburgen. The other cast is Gany Basaraba, Elisabeth Harnois, Arthur Hill, Wayne Robson, Elias Koteas, Michelle Meyrink, Sarah Polley.
The genre of this movie is family, drama, fantasy movie. The director is Phillip Borsos.

Kidney failure

Kidney failure (also called renal failure) is a term used to describe when a person's kidneys stop working properly, or fail. Kidney failure can be divided into two categories: chronic renal failure, and acute renal failure.

Chronic renal failure develops slowly, and there are not many noticeable symptoms at first. 

Chronic renal failure can be a sign of other diseases, like IgA nephritis, glomerulonephritis, chronic pyelonephritis, and urinary retention. 

Chronic renal failure will eventually develop into end-stage renal failure if it is left untreated. End-stage renal failure can only be treated with dialysis or a kidney transplant.

Acute renal failure develops in a short time, and symptoms are more noticeable. Symptoms include:
The cause of acute renal failure needs to be found quickly. Dialysis is often needed to prevent permanent damage to the body while the cause is being found.

It is possible to have acute renal failure on top of chronic renal failure. This is called "acute-on-chronic renal failure."

Foxtrot (disambiguation)

Foxtrot has several meanings.


Raoult's law

Raoult's law states that the vapour pressure of a binary solution containing a non-volatile solute is directly related to the mole fraction of solvent (i.e. volatile) in the solution.

Also, it states that the vapour pressure of each component in a binary solution containing volatile components is directly related to its respective mole fraction in the solution.
Relative going-down of vapour pressure is equal to mole fraction of non volatile and non-electrolytic solute. This is known as Raoult's law.
P-P(INITIAL)/P(INITIAL)=n(SOLUTE)/n(SOLVENT)

Overdose

An overdose is when someone takes too much of a certain drug. This may be done voluntarily (as an attempt of suicide) or involuntarily (accidentally). The drug may be a drug taken to treat some medical condition, or it may be a drug taken for recreation. Overdoses are considered to be poisoning, usually. They may lead to death, depending on the drug used.

If someone is thought to have had an overdose it is important to get them to a doctor, or hospital. It can be very hard to see what kind of drug was taken. Therefore, it can be hard for the doctor to find an antidote to give. For this reason, a packet (even if it is empty) of the drug should be taken. 

Kargil War

The Kargil War also known as the Kargil conflict, was a war fought between Indian armed forces and Pakistan Army in 1999. Pakistani regiments involved in the Kargil War were Northern Light Infantry, Sind regiment, Azad Kashmir regiment, Baloch Regiment, troops from Special Service Group, Regiment of Artillery. The Pakistan Army also used artillery support from Pakistan Occupied Kashmir. The war resulted in victory for the Indian side. Pakistan and its army even refused to collect the dead bodies of their troops. India regained control of all the captured posts across the Line of Control.

It took place between May and July 1999 in the Kargil district of Kashmir and along the Line of Control. The cause of the war was a series of events that worsened the already existing Indo-Pakistani relations. India had violated agreements concerning the Kashmir conflict before. In Jammu and Kashmir, the Line of Control resulting from the cease-fire of December 17, 1971, shall be respected by both sides without prejudice to the recognized position of either side. Both sides refrain from the threat of use of force in violation of this Line."" India's move into Siachen in 1984 was a flagrant violation of this agreement. It had breached the agreement of LOC by perpetuating aggression in Neelum Valley as well and finally in Kargil. To put a stop to India's actions, the Pakistan army went on, although without proper coordination with its government. Pakistan clearly did not win the war militarily as well as politically and diplomatically. However, confusions still remain to this day as to who won the war but based on military action alone it was a decisive victory for India as India successfully regained most of the intruded territory and was also successful in pushing back both Pakistani and Pakistani based militants back on the other side of LoC. Pakistani soldiers and Pakistan backed militants got into areas on the Indian side of the Line of Control to occupy military posts vacated in the winter. India responded by launching a military and diplomatic offensive to drive out the Pakistani forces. The Indian Army launched a number of patrols to the area to estimate the extent of the infiltration. The Indian Army recaptured majority of the positions on the Indian side of the LOC with the help of the US within two months of the conflict according to official count, an estimated 75%–80% of the intruded area and nearly all high ground was back under Indian control while Pakistan lost all control over the Kargil area due to orders to withdraw from the Kargil area. Fearing large-scale increase in seriousness in the military conflict, the international community, led by the United States, increased diplomatic pressure on Pakistan to withdraw forces from remaining Indian territory." The Pakistani casualties in the war were around 400 while the Indian casualties during the conflict stood at more than 587 soldiers.""
India won the Kargil War. The conflict officially came to an end on July 26, with India regaining its earlier hold on Kargil.

The Kargil war is one of the most recent examples of high-altitude warfare in mountainous terrain.


Estate

Estate could mean:

Shock (circulatory)

A person is in shock when blood is not sufficient to bring oxygen to the brain. The shock is progressive and can be deadly if it is not quickly made well.

The normal first aid action is the "Trendelenburg position", the person is lying face upward, with his legs lifted. The blood is forced to flow to the brain.

David Lloyd George

David Lloyd George, 1st Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor, (17 January 1863 – 26 March 1945) was the British Prime Minister during the last half of World War I. He was Prime Minister for six years, between 1916 and 1922.

Lloyd George was born in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester, Lancashire, England to Welsh parents. His father, who died before Lloyd George was two-years old, was a teacher and a farmer. When he was young, he lived with his mother and his brother. When he was 21, Lloyd George became a lawyer and opened an office in the back of his brother's house.

Lloyd George's law practice was a success. Shortly after opening it, Lloyd George became interested in politics. He began working with the Liberal Party. He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) on 13 April 1890. Lloyd George would serve as an MP until 1945. In the House of Commons, Lloyd George worked to promote Welsh issues, fought against the Second Boer War and campaigned for education reform.

In 1905, Lloyd George was selected to become a cabinet minister. He served as President of the Board of Trade (1905–1908) and Chancellor of the Exchequer (1908–1915). After World War I started, he held the positions of Minister of Munitions (1915) and War Secretary (1916).

By the end of 1916, the war was going badly for Great Britain. Lloyd George gathered together a coalition (a type of political team) of Liberal and Conservative MPs to form a new government. On 5 December 1916, Prime Minister H. H. Asquith resigned, and Lloyd George took his place. Lloyd George's government introduced conscription (forcing men to join the armed forces) and rationing (placing limits on the amount of food someone can buy) by the end of the war.

After the war, Lloyd George represented Britain at the Versailles Peace Conference and helped create the Irish Free State. By 1922, Lloyd George's coalition was breaking apart. In October 1922, the Conservative Party led by Andrew Bonar Law won the election. Lloyd George remained an MP, however, until 1945.

In 1945, he was given the titles Earl Lloyd George of Dwyfor and Viscount Gwynedd. He was to take a seat in the House of Lords, but he died before he could do so.

Notes

Big Ben

Big Ben is the nickname of a bell that hangs in the clock tower at the northern end of the Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London, England. Officially, the tower itself is called Elizabeth Tower. It was previously known as just the Clock Tower, but was renamed in September 2012 as a tribute to the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II. However, most people, including those that live in London, call the tower "Big Ben" because it is very large.

Designed by Edmund Beckett Denison, the clock took 13 years to build and it was completed in 1859. It has worked continuously since then except for a few months in 1976 when it broke down and had to be fixed.

Big Ben is one of England’s best-known landmarks. Some believe it got its name from Sir Benjamin Hall. The Elizabeth Tower which it is located in has become one of the most prominent symbols of the United Kingdom and is often in the establishing shot of films set in London.

Since August 2017, repair work is being done on the clock, which shuld have taken four years but it will reopen 2023. For the safety of those doing this work, Big Ben no longer rings out every hour. It will still be heard on special occasions, such as the New Year and Remembrance Day.

The Elizabeth Tower is over high and the turret clock mechanism that drives the clock alone weighs about 5 tons (5.08 tonnes). The clock on it has four faces that are in diameter, making it one of the largest in the world for a clock that chimes and strikes every hour. The figures on the clock face are about long and the minute spaces are long. There are, however, clocks with much bigger faces that Big Ben. One of these is the Abraj Al Bait, a hotel in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. Its faces are more than ten times bigger than Big Ben.

The bell known as Big Ben weighs 13 tons and is the biggest of the five bells in the Elizabeth Tower. Big Ben only sounds at the top of every hour, and at that time it rings once for every hour (for example, it rings three times at 3 o'clock). The other four bells in the tower are smaller and play a short melody every 15 minutes. This melody, which is broadcasted live on BBC Radio 4 at 6 pm and midnight every day, can be heard in many other clocks around the world and is called the Westminster Chimes.

The bells are struck by hammers that are connected to the clock mechanism, which is powered by large weights that are wound three times a week. It does not use any electricity except for winding and to light the faces so that the clock could be seen when it is dark.

Strontium

Strontium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Sr. It has the atomic number 38. It is a metal. The color of the metal is silver-white or yellow-silver. The metal is soft, and highly reactive chemically. 

In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the alkaline earth metals. Strontium has a high chemical reactivity. The metal turns yellow when exposed to air. Strontium has properties similar to those of its two vertical neighbors in the periodic table, calcium and barium. 

It is found naturally in the minerals celestite and strontianite. The Sr isotope is present in radioactive fallout and has a half-life of 28.9 years.

Strontium forms salts which make a red flame when they burn. They are used in flares for signalling the position of survivors or shipwrecks and to make the red color in fireworks.
It is named after the village of Strontian, Scotland. 

Alkaline earth metal

The alkaline earth metals are the second group of metals on the periodic table. They are related to the Alkali metals, but they do not react as much because they need more energy to remove their two electrons, so they do not have to be stored in petrol.As ions they have a charge of +2a. The alkaline earth metals are mostly silver colored, soft metals, which react readily with "halogens" and water to form salts, though not as rapidly as some of the alkali metals, to form" alkaline hydroxides". Many "prokatates and hantates" can be found in the crust of these metals

The alkaline earth metals are: Beryllium (Be), Magnesium (Mg), Calcium (Ca), Strontium (Sr), Barium (Ba), and radium (Ra). 
Beryllium is very brittle metal that is used in gemstones.

Magnesium is used in making steel alloys.

Calcium can be used in dairy products like milk.

Strontium is used for making glass for TVs and to make fireworks red.

Barium is used in fireworks to turn them green.

Radium is a very radioactive metal used in glowing watches.

Dag Hammarskjöld

Dag Hammarskjold (Swedish: Dag Hjalmar Agne Carl Hammarskjöld) (29 July 1905 – 18 September 1961) was a Swedish diplomat and the second Secretary-General of the United Nations. He served as Secretary-General from April 1953 until his death in a plane crash in what is now Zambia, on 18 September 1961. He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize after his death in 1961.

My Belarusy

"My Biełarusy" (, meaning "We Belarusians") is the national anthem of Belarus. The song's music, which was composed by Nieścier Sakałowski, is the same as that of the anthem used when the country was part of the former Soviet Union. The words of the song were written by Michaś Klimković and Uładzimir Karyzna. This song became the country's national anthem in 2002.

Yorkshire pudding

Yorkshire pudding is a British food, a baked pudding made from a batter of eggs, flour, and milk or water. It is usually served with roast meat and vegetables.


Extraterrestrial life

Extraterrestrial life is life that is not from the planet Earth. It is also called alien life or just extraterrestrials or aliens. The word '"Terra"' in Latin refers to our planet - Earth. Thus, extraterrestrial life refers to the life forms not originating on or from the planet Earth.

It is reasonable to say that planets rather like ours exist, and that life might evolve there also. So far, none has been found, though it is possible that life once existed on Mars. It is not a new idea. Some philosophers have speculated on the existence of other planets like ours, with the idea that what happened here could also happen there. One thing we do know is that many other star systems have exoplanets.

Searches like SETI have been made for signals from extraterrestrial life-forms. No signals have been received yet.

Alien life is commonly seen in Science fiction and some Fantasy. Aliens in fiction are frequently shown as looking a lot like humans, but some authors have created much stranger aliens. H.P. Lovecraft, Kurt Vonnegut, and H.G. Wells all wrote about aliens that look very different than humans.

Some religions believe in aliens and may treat them like divine beings in other religions. Examples are Raëlism, Scientology and the Heaven's Gate cult, who killed themselves because they thought it would allow their souls to go to an alien spaceship.

Some people think that UFOs are alien spacecraft, or claim to have seen alien life on Earth. They may even claim they were kidnapped by aliens, who are often said to have big black eyes and grey skin. There is no good evidence for these claims and most scientists consider them Pseudoscience or Urban legends.


Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry

Christian Apologetics Research Ministry (CARM) is a religious organization that was created in 1995 by Matt Slick. It is an internet apologetics ministry. It writes things against what he considers cults. On the CARM website there is a chat room and internet forum. This lets people to talk to other people about things related to CARM and its teachings. On the CARM website there is a theology and apologetics school that is online. There is a cost to join the school. Matt Slick also has the website The Calvinist Corner.


American University of Beirut

The American University of Beirut (AUB; ) is the first American university to be built in Beirut, Lebanon. Its old name was the Syrian Protestant College, and it was built in the year 1866. The name was changed to American University of Beirut on November 18, 1920.

Caliph

In Arabic, caliph means "a successor to the prophet". This is what leaders of the Islamic faith came to be called. Their rule is called a caliphate.
Some of the early leaders of the Muslim community following Muhammad's (570–632) death called themselves ""Khalifat Allah"", meaning "representative of God". But the other title of ""Khalifat rasul Allah"", meaning the successor to the prophet of God, became the common title. Some academics write the term as "Khalīf".

Caliphs were often also called "Amīr al-Mu'minīn" (), "leader of the Muslims". This title has since been shortened to "emir". It is also found as a personal name in some countries.

After the first four caliphs (Abu Bakr, Umar ibn al-Khattab, Uthman ibn Affan, and Ali ibn Abi Talib), the title was used by the Umayyads, the Abbasids, and the Ottomans, as well as by other dynasties in Southern Pakistan, Spain, Northern Africa, and Egypt. Most historical Muslim rulers simply titled themselves sultans or emirs, and the caliph himself often had very little real authority. The title was not used after the Republic of Turkey abolished the Ottoman caliphate in 1924.


Bensheim

Bensheim is a city in Hesse, Germany. It is at the edge of the Odenwald and near to the river Rhine. It had 39,642 inhabitants in 2005 and is the biggest city of the Bergstraße district.

Economically it is in an area where wine grapes are grown. Many small businesses in the areas such as electronics, software development or services can be found.

The city has also factories/offices of Sirona former known as Siemens, Tyco International, Akzo Nobel , Suzuki and SAP SI .

The ”Fürstenlager” near Bensheim-Auerbach are simple buildings built like a village around the Good Well in the middle of a landscaped park. Its owners sought the peace of a rural idyll far removed from the court.

To the West, Bensheim borders Lorsch and Einhausen; to the North Zwingenberg; to the East Lautertal; and to the South Heppenheim.

It is also known for its good traffic connections to other nearby cities. In the North Darmstadt and Frankfurt am Main; in the East Worms; and in the South Heidelberg, Mannheim and Ludwigshafen are all within an hour's drive.


False prophet

A false prophet is a person who claims to be a true prophet but really is not. A false prophet is also someone who uses prophecy to do evil.

The term is also used outside religion to describe someone who fervently promotes a theory which the speaker thinks is false.

In Christianity, false prophets are thought of as being inspired by Satan, or the Devil. False prophets are the opposite of prophets. False prophets try to deceive people and bring them away from god. They use false information to lead people away from god. There are many false prophets in the Bible.

Paul Dirac

Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac, OM (August 8, 1902 in Bristol – October 20, 1984 in Tallahassee) was an English physicist.

Dirac's father came from the French-speaking part of Switzerland.

Dirac worked out a formulation of quantum mechanics, which includes Erwin Schrödinger's wave mechanics and Werner Heisenberg's matrix mechanics in 1926. In 1928 he found the Dirac equation and he found out that spin in quantum mechanics is an effect of relativity. The Dirac equation allowed Dirac to predict the existence of antimatter, which is the opposite of matter.

In 1933 he won the Nobel Prize in Physics.

Dirac was the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics chair at Cambridge University from 1932 until his retirement in 1969. He was Professor of Physics at Florida State University from 1972 until his death in 1984.


Emperor of Japan

The Emperor of Japan is the head of state of Japan, The monarch is the symbol of the Japanese nation and the unity of its people. 

In the Japanese constitutional monarchy, the emperor does not have any political power. In world politics, he is the only current emperor.

The current emperor is his Majesty emperor Naruhito. He has been on the Chrysanthemum Throne since his father Akihito abdicated in 2019.

The amount of power belonging to the emperor of Japan has changed a lot throughout Japanese history. The Emperor of Japan has sometimes been a cleric with mostly symbolic powers and sometimes an actual ruler. Some believe that the emperor is descended from gods. 

Since the mid-1800s, the Imperial Palace has been located on the former site of Edo Castle （江戸城）in the heart of Tokyo. Earlier emperors lived in Kyoto for nearly eleven centuries.

The earliest monarch listed as an emperor who is believed by historians to have existed in history was Emperor Ojin.

The imperial dynasty that rules Japan today began as a local kingship in Central Japan in the 500s. It slowly increased its power over its neighbors. This led to a more centralized state made up of almost all of the central areas of what is now Japan. The remote areas were outside its borders.

The emperor's role is defined in Chapter I of the 1947 Constitution of Japan. 

The emperor of Japan has no reserve powers.

While the emperor does serve as head of state, many people question if the emperor is a true monarch in a political sense. Efforts in the 1950s by conservative powers to change the constitution to actually name the emperor as head of state were rejected. Regardless, the emperor does do all the diplomatic functions of a head of state and is recognized as one by foreign powers.

Succession is now controlled by laws passed by the Japanese Diet. The current law does not let females take the throne. A change to this law was considered until Princess Kiko gave birth to a son.

Until the birth of a son to Prince Akishino on September 6, 2006, there was a potential succession problem. No male child had been born into the imperial family since Prince Akishino in 1965. Following the birth of Princess Aiko, some felt they needed to change the current Imperial Household Law to allow women to succeed to the throne. In January 2005 Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi created a group of judges, university professors, and civil servants to study the problem.

On October 25, 2005 they recommended changing the law to allow females of the male line of imperial descent to ascend the Japanese throne. On January 20, 2006, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi made an announcement that they would change the law to allow women to ascend the throne. However, after finding out that Princess Kiko was pregnant with her third child, Koizumi decided to wait. Her son, Prince Hisahito, is the third in line to the throne under the current law of succession.

Naming the emperors of Japan is difficult because of differences between Japan and the Western world. The Japanese use "{name} tennō" (for the past emperors) or "Kinjō Heika" (今上陛下） for the current one). Problems occur because emperors are named "{name} tennō" after their death.

Some Japanese once thought it was rude to call a person of noble rank by their given names. This belief is not commonly followed today, but still used for the imperial family. The current emperor on the throne is almost always referred to simply as "Tennō Heika" (天皇陛下, lit. "His Majesty the Emperor") or formally as Kinjō Heika (今上陛下).

In English, the recent emperors are called by their personal names.

For example, the previous emperor is usually called Hirohito in English, but after his death he was renamed "Shōwa Tennō" and is now only called by this name in Japanese. However, when he was in power, he was never called Hirohito or "Shōwa Tennō" in Japanese. Rather, he was simply called "Tennō Heika" (meaning "His Majesty the Emperor").



Pipe (smoke)

A pipe is a tool that people use to smoke tobacco and other drugs. Pipe smokers do not usually breathe in the smoke. They let it go into their mouths and then exhale it. Pipe smoking is not a healthy alternative to cigarette smoking.

Tobacco pipes are used to smoke tobacco. In some Middle Eastern countries, people smoke tobacco with water pipes, which cool the smoke in water. Different types of pipes are also used to smoke marijuana, hashish, and crack cocaine. Some people who smoke marijuana or hashish use a special water pipe called a bong.

Native American tobacco pipes had two parts: a stone bowl and a wooden stem. Japanese "kiseru" pipes have a metal bowl and mouth piece with a wooden stem. Arabian "midwakh" pipes may be made from different materials. European tobacco pipes have been made from clay, tree root wood, meerschaum stone or even maize cobs.

Pipes to smoke opium may have clay or metal bowls with a wooden stem. Pipes for marijuana or hashish may be metal, wood or glass. Pipes to smoke other drugs may also be made of glass.

Pipes were first used by Native Americans in religious ceremonies. When the English came to North America, they tried pipe smoking and liked it. They sent tobacco back to England.

Thomas Tallis

Thomas Tallis (born c.1505; died Greenwich November 23 1585) was the most important English composer of his generation.

We know very little about Tallis’s youth. He may have started his career as organist at Dover and then Waltham Abbey. After the Dissolution of the monasteries he had a job at Canterbury Cathedral for a short time. He was soon made a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He had a job in the royal household until his death. He worked for four monarchs: Henry VIII, Edward VI, Mary Tudor and Elizabeth I.

Tallis was an organist and composer. He had to write music for the royal chapels. He was given the lease of a big house in Kent and a salary of £91 12s a year (12s is 60p in modern money). That was a very good salary in those days. In 1575, Queen Elizabeth I gave Tallis and William Byrd a licence which meant they were the only people allowed to print and publish music in England (music printing was a very new invention at the time). Tallis owned a house in Greenwich where he died in 1585.

In the early 16th century church music was often very polyphonic. Voices imitated one another and sang different things at the same time. Tallis wrote church music which was much simpler. In a lot of his music the choir sing homophonic music instead of using the older polyphony. For a short time, during the reign of the Catholic Mary Tudor, polyphonic music was in fashion again. This was the time when Tallis wrote an antiphon “Gaude gloriosa Dei mater” and a mass musical setting|mass “Puer natus est nobis”. These two works are once more very complicated polyphonic works. After that his works become simpler once more, but he was always keen to try out new ideas from the continent of Europe. He wrote some very fine anthems. Many of his works are settings of Latin words, but he also made settings of English texts.

One of his works is called "Spem in Alium". The choir divide into forty parts i.e. the choir need at least 40 people to sing it, and each person sings a different line. It is possible that he wrote it for Queen Elizabeth I’s 40th birthday in 1573, but we cannot be sure.

His "Diliges Dominum" is a collection of contrapuntal exercises which includes a very famous canon often simply called “Tallis’s canon”.

Homophony

Homophony means music in which the voices or instruments sing or play chords (chords are when two or more notes are played together.) In homophonic music all the choir (sopranos, altos, tenors and basses) are singing the same words at the same time. There is a tune on top and the lower parts are the accompaniment. This is what happens in hymn singing. The opposite is polyphony. Polyphonic writing is more complicated: the choir sing different melodic lines at the same time (see counterpoint). The terms "homophony" (literally: "one sound") and "polyphony" (literally: "many sounds") are mostly used for choir music.

In homophonic music it is easy to hear the words that are being sung. In polyphonic music it is much harder for the listener to understand the words. Composers often used polyphony when writing music for the mass because everyone knew the words anyway. Homophonic music became more important when composers started to write operas and madrigals where a story is being told and the words must be heard clearly. 

Technetium

Technetium is a radioactive chemical element that has the chemical symbol Tc and has the atomic number 43. It is the lightest synthetic element.

The color of technetium is silvery-grey and is a crystaline metal. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. The chemistry of technetium is similar to rhenium and manganese.

The isotope Tc is used in nuclear medicine. It is used for many diagnostic tests. It has a short half-life. Tc is used as a source of beta particles without emitting gamma rays. The ion that has oxygen and technetium bonded together (TcO) is named the pertechnetate ion. The pertechnetate ion could be used as to prevent anodic corrosion in steel.

Before the element was found, many of the properties of element 43 were predicted by Dmitri Mendeleev. Mendeleev noticed a gap in his periodic table and named the element in the gap eka-manganese. In 1937 the technetium isotope Tc was the first element to be artificially produced. This was the reason why he named it Technetium as in Greek, τεχνητος means "artificial". Most technetium made on Earth is a by-product of fission of uranium-235 in nuclear reactors. It is extracted from nuclear fuel rods. On earth, technetium occurs naturally only in uranium ores as a product of spontaneous fission. The amount of technetium in the ore is very small but has been measured. The longest half-life of Technetium is 4.2 million years (Tc). This means that its detection in red giants in 1952 helped support the theory that stars can produce heavier elements.

Monastery

Monasteries are places where monks live. Although the word "monastery" is sometimes used for a place where nuns live, nuns usually live in a convent or nunnery. The word abbey (from the Syriac/Aramaic word ': "father") is also used for a Christian monastery or convent. The monk in charge of an abbey is called an abbot; the nun in charge of an abbey is an abbess.

Several religions have a system of monasteries. Christian monasteries have a chapel for the monks to worship. Monks are not allowed to marry (celibacy). They are also not allowed to own anything. Everything they use, including their clothes, belongs to the monastery. During the Middle Ages after the Roman Empire was defeated, monasteries were some of the few places where knowledge still existed.

Some monasteries were built in places far away from where other people lived. The monks who live there live very isolated lives, growing their own food and looking after one another. Other monasteries were in or near towns. Monks do a lot of work in the community, including as teaching, medical care or telling people about God. Few monks live isolated lives nowadays.

Windows Neptune

Windows Neptune is a version of Microsoft Windows that was being made during 1999 and January 2000. Windows 2000 was released as an operating system for businesses and people that know how to use computers well. Windows Neptune was going to be a version of Windows 2000 that was easier for home users to use. Nobody knows if Microsoft was ever going to release Windows Neptune. After Microsoft stopped developing it, some of its features were merged with Windows 2000's and a new project, "Whistler", was formed. "Whistler" was later released as Windows XP.

Only one known confirmed version of Windows Neptune exists. which is Windows Neptune Build 5111.1. Windows Neptune Build 5111.1 exists on the Internet as an ISO image. It used to be hard to find, but now it can easily be found.


Alexander Lukashenko

Alexander Grigoryevich Lukashenko (born 30 August 1954) is the President of the country of Belarus. He has been its leader since 1994. He was the first leader of the country to be chosen by Belarus citizens. 

Before becoming the leader, he belonged to the law making section of the government. He was also in the military of the Soviet Union and ran a factory that made things to help farming.

He has been called "Europe's last dictator".

His re-election in 2020 was seen as controversial with many saying it was rigged and unfair. His re-election caused many to protest against the election results. After the contested election, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Canada, Ukraine and the United States do not recognize him as the legitimate president of Belarus.

In July 2020, he said that he had COVID-19 after telling people that to avoid the disease they should drink vodka and go to a sauna.

Alexander Lukashenko is under the sanctions of the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, Australia and New Zealand<ref>
Shelf

A shelf is a piece of furniture that is used for storing items.

It could also mean:

Throat

The throat is a part of the body. The throat is connected to the mouth at the top and to the stomach at the bottom. The throat is where food travels after being eaten and chewed by the teeth. Fluid drinks, such as water, also travel through the throat to the stomach and on to the rest of the body.

Safe

The word safe has more than one meaning. 

Jelly

Jelly or Gelatin desert is a dessert item. It comes in different taste choices, or flavors, depending on what fruit or artificial flavor has been added. Jelly is a cold and solid food that is normally made from hot water and powder. The powder is made from gelatin and various additives.
Jelly can be added to foods like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.

Depending on where you live, gelatin may be called different things. In the United States and Canada, jelly is often called 'Jell-O'. Jell-O is a brand of gelatin that has become a generic, or typical, name for gelatin desert. In Commonwealth Nations like the United Kingdom and New Zealand, almost all gelatin is called jelly. Also, it is spelled gelatine.

Sometimes, alcohol is added to jelly. You can make jello shots with almost any type of alcohol. Jello shots can be served in small glasses and can be any color depending on the other ingredients put into the Jell-O shot. The jello shot is also known as the poison rainbow.

Biogeography

Biogeography is the study of how species are distributed. It notes where organisms live, and why they are (or are not) found in a certain geographical area.

Biogeography teaches how animals and plants are adapted to the places they live in, and how similar places often have quite different animals and plants.

Between about 1800 to 1855, natural historians made lists of species in various regions of the world. These lists were published as tables in their books. Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace published the idea of evolution by natural selection. They travelled to tropical countries, and wrote about the life in those countries. They said that evolution was the key to understanding geographical distribution.

New species are usually formed by speciation an earlier species splitting into two. These species may travel to new places. but they may be stopped from travelling by mountains and seas, and by climate. This means that "two places with similar climate often have different kinds of animals and plants". For example marsupials, which live in Australia, are very different from the fauna in South America. The species on islands (Hawaii, Galapagos) may be very different to species on mainland continents.

The scientific theory of biogeography grows out of the work of Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859), Hewett Cottrell Watson (1804–1881), Alphonse de Candolle (1806–1893), Alfred Russel Wallace (1823–1913), Philip Lutley Sclater (1829–1913), and other biologists and explorers.

Wallace studied the distribution of flora and fauna in the Amazon Basin and the Malay Archipelago in the mid-19th century. Wallace and Sclater saw biogeography as a source of support for the theory of evolution. Key findings, such as the sharp difference in fauna either side of the Wallace Line, can only be understood in this light. Otherwise, the field of biogeography would be a purely descriptive one.

Both Darwin and Wallace gave a great deal of attention to oceanic islands as offering examples of evolution, especially speciation. Darwin visited the Galapagos Islands and studied its fauna. Wallace spent years on the islands of S.E. Asia. This interest was revived by "The theory of island biogeography" by Robert MacArthur and E.O. Wilson in 1967. They showed that the variation in species in a single area could be predicted if one knew the habitat area, immigration rate, and extinction rate.

It was realised that habitat fragments are like islands. They can be investigated by the same methods. This spurred the development of conservation biology.

Genome analysis allows scientists to test theories about the origin and dispersal of populations, such as island species. It allows biologists to test theories about where the species come from.



Biophysics

Biophysics is a science where the laws of physics are used to study biology, the science on life and living things. Unlike biochemistry and molecular biology, sciences where macromolecules or "large" groups of molecules are studied, biophysicists study single or small groups of molecules. 


Macromolecule

A macromolecule is a molecule with a large number of atoms. The word is usually used only when describing polymers, molecules which are made up of smaller molecules called monomers. All organic monomers are based on carbon, usually with hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen. There are inorganic macromolecules based on other monomers.


Dendrology

Dendrology is the science of trees and other woody plants such as shrubs or lianas. The word "dendrology" comes from Greek words δένδρον meaning "tree" and λόγος meaning "study".

Entomology

Entomology is the science of insects. People who study insects are called entomologists. Insects have been studied since prehistoric times, but it was not until as early as the 16th century that insects were scientifically studied.

Some entomologists study how insects are related to each other. Others study how insects live and reproduce because we do not know very much about some kinds of insects. Other entomologists study ways to keep insects away from crops that people use for food. There are billions of unknown species throughout the world and taxonomists categorize the newly found.

Entomologists meet to talk about their study of insects and to share ideas, just as all scientists do.


Ethology

Ethology is the scientific study of animal behaviour (U.S. "behavior"), and a sub-topic of zoology. Ethology overlaps, to some extent, with psychology. Psychology is a social science which studies human behaviour, but many psychologists have done experiments on learning in animals. Ethology studies animal behaviour, but many ethologists have been interested in human behaviour.

An American specialist on ants, William Morton Wheeler, first used the term 'ethology' in English in 1902.

The study of animal behaviour, which had been going on in an anecdotal way since Aristotle, had its roots in natural history. It became more scientific during the 19th century. The French zoologist Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire was the founder of ethology in Europe, and his son Isidore produced a three-volume encyclopaedia "Histoire Naturelle Générale". In the third volume he talked about animal behaviour in almost modern terms. The entomologist J.-H Fabre (1823–1915) was a remarkable observer of natural life. His popular writing on natural history kept ethology alive in Europe.

Douglas Spalding (1841–1877) was a British biologist who was the first to notice the effect called imprinting. Instinct and imprinting were the first scientific concepts in ethology.
He was able to prove that the behaviour of chicks after hatching from the egg happened even when they had no experience, practice or even information from the senses. Therefore, the capacity was inherited.

Studies by Charles Otis Whitman, Oskar Heinroth and Julian Huxley set the tone in the 20th century. This work was mostly on bird behaviour, especially mating behaviour. The behaviour of birds played a big part in early ethology, but there was a start to studying our nearest relatives. Wolfgang Köhler's "Mentality of Apes" was a landmark in the study of primates. In 2020, Dr. Tobias Starzak and Professor Albert Newen from the Institute of Philosophy II at the Ruhr University Bochum proposed that animals may have beliefs despite these being more difficult to determine than humans.

The next generation began during the 1930s with the work of Austrian biologists Konrad Lorenz and Karl von Frisch, and the Dutch biologist Niko Tinbergen. The three men were joint winners of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 1973.

Lorenz is famous for his 'longitudinal' studies: he lived with the animals he researched, and made observations throughout their lives. Then he wrote about what he had discovered in long, very readable papers. He researched instinctual behaviour, which he called 'fixed action patterns' (FAPs). Lorenz popularized FAPs as instinctive responses that would occur reliably in the presence of specific stimuli (called sign stimuli or releasing stimuli). von Frisch worked on communication in honey bees: the famous 'bee dances'. Tinbergen experimented with the stimuli which trigger fixed action patterns. He found out that artificial super-stimuli could often work better than the natural stimuli.

Ethology is a combination of laboratory and field science, with a strong relation to certain other disciplines—e.g., neuroanatomy, ecology, evolution. Ethologists are typically interested in a behavioural process rather than in a particular animal group and often study one type of behaviour (e.g. aggression) in a number of unrelated animals.

In the 1960s Nico Tinbergen set out a framework for research on behaviour. It involved four questions and their answers.

The only scientific explanation for an animal’s behaviour is that it is well adapted for survival and reproduction in its environment. A trait is the result of its past contribution to survival. In practice, this is simple. For instance, birds fly south in the winter to find food and warmth, and mammalian mothers nurture their young, thereby having more surviving offspring.


Phylogeny explains why some adaptation is less than perfect. From where it is, there are always some possibilities which a particular species can never get to. This is because all stages in evolution must be viable, else extinction occurs.

Another reason is that not all traits of a species can be maximised at the same time. Increase in armour, for example, is bound to slow down movement. Teeth which are best for vegetation are much less good for meat. The final result is a set of traits, most of which are sub-optimal.

Earlier phylogenetic stages and (pre-) conditions which persist often determine the form of more modern characteristics. For instance, the vertebrate eye (including the human eye) has a blind spot, whereas octopus eyes do not. Once the vertebrate eye had evolved, the only way it could improve was to minimise the effect of the blind spot. We don't notice it ordinarily, because with binocular vision what one eye misses, the other fills in.


All instances of behaviour require an explanation at each of these four levels. For example, the function of eating is to acquire nutrients (which ultimately aids survival and reproduction), but the immediate cause of eating is hunger (causation). Hunger and eating are evolutionarily ancient and are found in many species (evolutionary history), and develop early within an organism's lifespan (development). It is easy to confuse such questions – for example to argue that people eat because they're hungry and not to acquire nutrients – without realizing that the reason people experience hunger (causation) is because it causes them to acquire nutrients (function).


Henry III of England

Henry III (1 October 1207 — 16 November 1272) also known as Henry of Winchester and nicknamed the Pious, the Wise and later the Saint was the King of England from 1216 until his death in 1272. He was considered one of England's best kings. His long and mostly successful 56-year reign was the longest in medival English history.

Throughout his reign, England would experience peace, stability, and prosperity. Henry was extremely helpful, pious, and religious. He helped the poor people in England. He upgraded Westminster Abbey and re-isssued the Magna Carta. However in 1258, Henry became unpopular as the barons forced him to give up some of his power to them. In 1263, a baron who was Henry's brother-in-law (as he married one of Henry's sisters), Simeon de Montfort, defeated, imprisoned him, and became the disputed ruler of the country. However, with the help of his son, Crown Prince Edward, Henry managed to escape captivity and killed de Montfort. Henry regained his powers from the barons. This made Henry popular again. However, in 1264, the barons rebelled against him starting the Second Barons' War. However, Henry defeated the barons in 1267.

Henry continued to be helpful, pious, and religious by continuing to help the poor people. He continued to rebuild Westminster Abbey and continued to improve life and health care in England. The people of England would once again experience peace, stability, and prosperity. In early 1272, Henry's health started to decline, and on November of the same year, he died at the age of 65 and was buried at Westminster Abbey. Because Henry was a religious person, he was canonized two months after his death on 26 February 1273 by Pope Gregory X. Many historians view Henry as a weak but great king.

Edward I of England

Edward I (17 June 1239 – 7 July 1307) nicknamed the Tall, the Brave, the Lord, the Hammer and as well as Longshanks (meaning 'long legs') was the King of England from 1272 until his death in 1307. He was the son of King Henry III of England and Queen Eleanor of Provence. He was considered one of England's best kings because to his effective rule and as well as his braveness. As a young man, Edward fought against Simon de Montfort in defence of his father's crown. He went on a Crusade, and his father died as Edward was on his way back. As a ruler, he improved the laws and made Parliament regular, and more important. He conquered Wales, and subdued the Welsh by brutal policies. He was determined to control Scotland through puppet kings and just managed to do it during his lifetime. He expelled the Jewish people from England.

Edward was born at Westminster in June 1239 to the English King Henry III and his wife, the French noblewoman and English Queen Eleanor of Provence. The baby Edward and was named after an earlier king, Edward the Confessor, who happened to be a personal hero of his father King Henry The boy Edward would have a good education, being taught in Latin and French which were the most used languages in Europe at the time. 

In 1254, English fears of a Castilian invasion of the English province of Gascony induced Edward's father to arrange a marriage between his 15-year-old son and the 13 year-old Eleanor, the half-sister of King Alfonso X of Castile. 

Eleanor and Edward were married on 1 November 1254 in Castile. As part of the marriage agreement, the young prince got grants of land worth 15,000 marks a year. Though the endowments King Henry made were sizable, they offered Edward little independence. He had received Gascony as early as 1249, but Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester, as royal lieutenant, drew the income. In practice, Edward derived neither authority nor revenue from this province. The grant he received in 1254 included most of Ireland, and much land in Wales and England, including the earldom of Chester, but the king kept control over the land, particularly in Ireland, so Edward's power was limited there as well, and the king got most of the income from those lands. 

The years 1264–1267 saw the conflict known as the Second Barons' War, in which baronial forces led by Simon de Montfort fought against those who remained loyal to the king. The first scene of battle was the city of Gloucester, which Edward, now a young man who could participate in battles, managed to retake from the enemy. When Robert de Ferrers, Earl of Derby, came to the assistance of the rebels, Edward negotiated a truce with the earl, the terms of which he later broke. Edward then captured Northampton from de Montfort's son, also Simon. The baronial and royalist forces finally met at the Battle of Lewes, on 14 May 1264. Edward, commanding the right wing, performed well, and soon defeated the London contingent of de Montfort's forces. Unwisely, however, he followed the scattered enemy in pursuit, and on his return found the rest of the royal army defeated. By the agreement known as the Mise of Lewes, Edward and his cousin Henry of Almain were given up as prisoners to de Montfort.

Edward remained in captivity until March, and even after his release he was kept under strict surveillance. Meanwhile, de Montfort used his victory to set up a "de facto" government. He even summoned the Parliament of 1265, known as de Montfort's Parliament.

Then, on 28 May 1265, Edward managed to escape his custodians and joined up with the Earl of Gloucester, who had recently defected to the king's side. Montfort's support was now dwindling, and Edward retook Worcester and Gloucester with relatively little effort. Meanwhile, Montfort had made an alliance with Llywelyn and started moving east to join forces with his son Simon.

Edward managed to make a surprise attack at Kenilworth Castle, before moving on to cut off the earl of Leicester.
The two forces then met at the second great encounter of the Barons' War the Battle of Evesham, on 4 August 1265. Montfort stood little chance against the superior royal forces, and after his defeat he was killed and mutilated on the field.

The war did not end with Montfort's death, and Edward continued campaigning. At Christmas, he came to terms with the younger Simon de Montfort and his associates at the Isle of Axholme in Lincolnshire. In March he led a successful assault on the Cinque Ports. A contingent of rebels held out in the virtually impregnable Kenilworth Castle and did not surrender until the drafting of the conciliatory Dictum of Kenilworth. In April it seemed as if Gloucester would take up the cause of the reform movement, and civil war would resume, but after a renegotiation of the terms of the Dictum of Kenilworth, the parties came an agreement. Edward, however, was little involved in the settlement negotiations following the wars; at this point his main focus was on planning his upcoming crusade.

Edward took the crusader's cross in an elaborate ceremony on 24 June 1268, with his brother Edmund and cousin Henry of Almain. Among others who committed themselves to the Ninth Crusade were some of Edward's former adversaries. There was great difficulty raising funds for the expedition.

Originally, the Crusaders intended to relieve the beleaguered Christian stronghold of Acre, but before they could do this, several disasters happened to the French. The French forces were struck by an epidemic which, on 25 August, took the life of King Louis himself in 1270 By the time Edward arrived at Tunis, Charles had already signed a treaty with the emir, and there was little else to do but return to Sicily. The crusade was postponed until next spring, but a devastating storm off the coast of Sicily dissuaded Charles of Anjou and Louis's successor Philip III from any further campaigning. 
Edward decided to continue alone, and on 9 May 1271 he finally landed at Acre. By then, the situation in the Holy Land was a precarious one. Jerusalem had fallen in 1244, and Acre was now the centre of the Christian area. The Muslim states were on the offensive under the Mamluk leadership of Baibars, and were now threatening Acre itself. An embassy to the Mongols helped bring about an attack on Aleppo in the north, which helped to distract Baibar's forces. 

In November, Edward led a raid on Qaqun, which could have served as a bridgehead to Jerusalem, but both the Mongol invasion and the attack on Qaqun failed. Things now seemed increasingly desperate. Finally, an attack by a Muslim assassin in June forced him to abandon any further campaigning. Although he managed to kill the assassin, he was struck in the arm by a dagger feared to be poisoned, and became severely weakened over the following months.

It was not until 24 September that Edward left Acre. Arriving in Sicily, he was met with the news that his father had died on 16 November. Edward was deeply saddened by this news, but rather than hurrying home at once, he made a leisurely journey northwards. The political situation in England was stable after the mid-century upheavals, and Edward was proclaimed king at his father's death, rather than at his own coronation, as had until then been customary. In Edward's absence, the country was governed by a royal council, led by Robert Burnell. The new king embarked on an overland journey through Italy and France, where among other things he visited the pope in Rome and suppressed a rebellion in Gascony. Only on 2 August 1274 did he return to England, and was crowned on 19 August.

Edward's reign had two main phases. The first phase was administration of a now peaceful country. The second phase was warfare against Wales and Scotland.

His first concern was to restore order and re-establish royal authority after the disastrous reign of his father. To do this, he changed the administrators. He appointed Robert Burnell as chancellor, who held the post until his death in 1292. Edward then replaced most local officials, such as the sheriffs. This was done to prepare for an inquiry which would hear complaints about abuse of power by royal officers. Laws were made to define rights about ownership of land, recovery of debts, trade and local peacekeeping. 

Edward reformed English Parliament and made it a source for generating revenue. Edward held Parliament regularly in his reign. In 1295 a significant change occurred. For this Parliament, in addition to the lords, two knights from each county and two representatives from each borough were summoned. Before, the commons had been expected simply to assent (say 'yes') to decisions already made by the rulers. Now they would meet with the full authority ("plena potestas") of their communities, to give assent to decisions made in Parliament. The king now had full backing for collecting 'lay subsidies' from the entire population. Lay subsidies were taxes collected at a certain fraction of the moveable property of all laymen. Historians have called this the "Model Parliament".

Llywelyn ap Gruffudd was the main Welsh leader. He refused to do homage to Edward, and married Eleanor, the daughter of Simon de Montfort. In November 1276, war was declared. Initial operations were launched under the command of Mortimer, Edmund Crouchback (Edward's brother) and the Earl of Warwick. Support for Llywelyn was weak amongst the Welsh. 

In July 1277 Edward invaded with a force of 15,500 of whom 9,000 were Welshmen. The campaign never came to a major battle, and Llywelyn soon realised he had no choice but to surrender. By the Treaty of Aberconwy in November 1277, he was left only with the land of Gwynedd, but he was allowed to keep the title of Prince of Wales.

When war broke out again in 1282, it was entirely different. For the Welsh, this war was over national freedom. It had wide support, especially after attempts to impose English law on Welsh subjects. For Edward, it became a war of conquest. The war started with a rebellion by Dafydd (Llywelyn's younger brother), who was annoyed with the reward he had received from Edward in 1277. Llywelyn and other Welsh chieftains soon joined in, and initially the Welsh experienced military success. The Welsh advances ended on 11 December, however, when Llywelyn was lured into a trap and killed at the Battle of Orewin Bridge. The English conquest was complete with the capture in June 1283 of Dafydd, who was taken to Shrewsbury and executed as a traitor next autumn.

Further rebellions occurred in 1287–8 and in 1294. In both cases the rebellions were put down. By the 1284 law called the Statute of Rhuddlan, Wales was incorporated into England and was given an governing system like the English, with counties policed by sheriffs. 

English law was introduced in criminal cases, though the Welsh were allowed to maintain their own laws in some cases of property disputes. After 1277, and increasingly after 1283, Edward embarked on a full-scale project of English settlement of Wales. He created new towns like Flint, Aberystwyth, and Rhuddlan. 

Edward started a big program of building castles, to keep the Welsh under control. His castles started the widespread use of arrowslits in castle walls across Europe, drawing on Eastern influences. Also a product of the Crusades was the introduction of the concentric castle, and four of the eight castles Edward founded in Wales followed this design. 

In 1284, King Edward's son Edward the later Edward II was born at Caernarfon Castle. In 1301 at Lincoln, the young Edward became the first English prince to be invested with the title of Prince of Wales.

Scotland and England were at peace in the 1280s. Alexander III of Scotland and Edward had an understanding whereby Alexander held land in England. This gave him the excuse to acknowledge Edward as his lord, and left ambiguous whether or not this applied to Scotland as well.

The heir to the throne was his infant granddaughter Margaret. Unfortunately, Alexander died in 1286, followed by Margaret in 1290. This left Scotland without a king, which started all the problems.

There were fourteen claimants; John Balliol and Robert de Brus (the grandfather of the famous Robert the Bruce) had the best cases. The competitors agreed to hand over the realm to Edward until a decision was made. John Balliol was chosen in 1292.

Edward continued to push his claim as overlord of Scotland. He interferred in some of the legal affairs of Scotland, and insisted the Scots provided military service in his army. This caused the Scots to make an alliance with France. They then attacked Carlisle. 

Edward responded by invading Scotland in 1296 and taking the town of Berwick in a particularly bloody attack. At the Battle of Dunbar, Scottish resistance was effectively crushed. Edward confiscated the Stone of Destiny – the Scottish coronation stone– and brought it to Westminster, deposed Balliol and placed him in the Tower of London, and installed Englishmen to govern the country. The campaign had been very successful, but the English triumph would only be temporary.
Although the Scottish conflict seemed settled in 1296, it was started again by William Wallace, who came from one of the notable families. Wallace was a warlord rather than a politician, and soon started a rebellion. He defeated a large English force at Stirling Bridge in 1297 while Edward was in Flanders. In 1298 Edward defeated Wallace at the Battle of Falkirk. After that the Scots avoided open battle in favour of raiding England with small groups.

Edward's next move was political: in 1303 a peace agreement was made between England and France, breaking up the Franco-Scottish alliance. Robert de Brus and most of the other nobles pledged allegiance to Edward. Wallace was betrayed and handed to the English. He was publicly executed. 

The situation changed again, in 1306, when de Brus murdered his rival John Comyn and had himself crowned King of Scotland by Isobel, sister of the Earl of Buchan. Edward, in ill health, sent armies north under other commanders. Brus was beaten at the Battle of Methven in June 1306. After the battle, Edward followed with brutal suppression of the allies of de Brus. In response this fueled more rebellions. This conflict was still in progress in 1307 when Edward, now an elderly man, led his final campaign into Scotland before dying at the border city of Burgh-by-sands at age 68, leading to the succession of the Prince of Wales as Edward II of England.

Eleanor of Castile died on 28 November 1290. Unusual for arranged marriages, the couple actually loved each other. Edward was deeply affected by her death. He erected twelve Eleanor crosses, one at each place where her funeral cortège (procession) stopped for the night. As part of the peace accord between England and France in 1294, it was agreed that Edward should marry the French princess Margaret. The marriage took place in 1299.

Edward and Eleanor had at least fourteen children, perhaps as many as sixteen. Of these, five daughters survived into adulthood, but only one boy did the same– his son and heir Edward, Prince of Wales.

Edward was concerned with his son's failure to live up to expectations, and at one point exiled the prince's favourite Piers Gaveston. Edward may have known his son was bisexual but he did not throw Gaveston from the castle battlements as shown in "Braveheart".



Cell nucleus

The cell nucleus (plural: cell nuclei) contains the cell's genes and controls the cell's growth and reproduction. It has a double layered nuclear membrane round it. The nucleus is usually the most prominent organelle in a cell. The nucleus is small and round, and works as the cell's control center. It contains chromosomes which house the DNA. The human body contains billions of cells, most of which have a nucleus. 

All eukaryote organisms have nuclei in their cells, even the many eukaryotes that are single-celled. Bacteria and Archaea, which are prokaryotes, are single-celled organisms of a different type and do not have nuclei. Cell nuclei were first found by Antonie van Leeuwenhoek in the 17th century.

The nucleus has a membrane around it but the things inside it do not. Inside it are many proteins, RNA molecules, chromosomes and the nucleolus. In the nucleolus ribosomes are put together. After being produced in the nucleolus, ribosomes are exported to the cytoplasm where they translate mRNA into proteins.

When a cell is dividing or preparing to divide, the chromosomes become visible with a light microscope. At other times when the chromosomes are not visible, the nucleolus will be visible.

Large molecules cannot get through the double-layer nuclear membrane. However, nuclear pores exist. They control the movement of molecules across the membrane. The pores cross both nuclear membranes, providing a channel. The larger molecules are actively transported by carrier proteins, and there is free movement of small molecules and ions. Movement of large molecules such as proteins and RNA through the pores is required for both gene expression and the maintenance of chromosomes.

Within the nucleus is a structure called a nucleolus. It is made at a nucleolus organizer region (NOR). This is a chromosomal region around which the nucleolus forms. Inside the nucleolus ribosomes are made. These are exported through the nuclear pore complexes to the cytoplasm. There they work to build proteins. They become attached to the endoplasmic reticulum if they are making membrane proteins.

Scotland Yard

Scotland Yard (officially New Scotland Yard) is the headquarters of the Metropolitan Police in London. 

This police force is responsible for the security in Greater London. They are not responsible for the square mile of the City of London, which is covered by the City of London Police. Also, they are not responsible for the London Underground and National Rail networks, which are the responsibility of the British Transport Police. 

The name "New Scotland Yard" comes from the original Metropolitan Police headquarters at 4 Whitehall Place. This had a rear entrance on a street called Great Scotland Yard. The Scotland Yard entrance became the public entrance to the police station, and over time the street and the Metropolitan Police became synonymous. 

"The New York Times" wrote that, just as Wall Street gave its name to New York's financial district, Scotland Yard became the name for police activity in London.

The force moved from Great Scotland Yard in 1890 to a newly completed building on the Victoria Embankment right next to the Ministry of Defence. The name "New Scotland Yard" was adopted for the new headquarters. An adjacent building was completed in 1906. A third building was added in 1940. 

In 1967, the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) moved its headquarters from the three-building complex to a tall, newly constructed building on Broadway in Victoria. In summer 2013, it was announced that the force would move to a building on New Scotland Yard's previous site (1890–1967). The headquarters were renamed as 'Scotland Yard.' In November 2016, MPS moved to its new headquarters. 
The words "New Scotland Yard" (in tall letters) can be seen in a photograph of the front of the building. 

The Metropolitan Police was formed by Robert Peel with the implementation of the Metropolitan Police Act, passed by Parliament in 1829. Peel selected the original site on Whitehall Place for the new police headquarters. Previously a private house, 4 Whitehall Place () backed onto a street called Great Scotland Yard.

New Scotland Yard is in a 20-storey office block on Broadway and Victoria Street in Westminster, about 450 metres away from the Houses of Parliament. The famous rotating sign, which is seen on television and in films, is outside the main doors on Broadway.

Antimony

Antimony is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Sb. The symbol Sb is from the Latin name of 'stibium' for the element. It has the atomic number 51. Its atomic mass is 121.8. It is a blue-gray element that is somewhat toxic.

Antimony has four allotropes. The common allotrope of antimony is a blue-white metalloid. It looks black when powdered. It is brittle, soft, and shiny. Yellow and black antimony are unstable nonmetals. Yellow antimony is only found at very cold temperatures. It is made by oxidation of stibine. It turns into black antimony when light is shined on it or when it is warmer. Black antimony is normally made by heating metallic antimony until it boils and then cooling the vapors very quickly. It can ignite spontaneously (without any ignition source like a spark or a flame). It also corrodes easily. There is another explosive form of antimony that is made by electrolysis of antimony trichloride. This antimony explodes when changing into the metallic form. There is no chemical reaction; the atoms in the antimony crystal are rearranging themselves. When antimony is talked about it normally means the blue-white metalloid form, since it is most common.

Antimony is found as two stable (not radioactive) isotopes naturally. Sb- 123 and Sb-121

Antimony is a rather unreactive element. It does not dissolve in acids easily. It can dissolve in oxidizing acids like nitric or sulfuric acid. It does not corrode easily in air, although the black allotrope can corrode. Antimony burns in air to make antimony trioxide. In excess air, it burns to antimony tetroxide.

Antimony forms chemical compounds in three oxidation states: -3, +3, and +5. -3 compounds are called antimonides. They are made by reacting antimony with other metals. They react with acids to make the toxic and unstable gas stibine. +3 compounds are the most common. They are weak oxidizing agents. They are somewhat covalent, having low melting points. Antimony trichloride is a colorless and soft solid that has a strong odor. Antimony trioxide is a white solid that dissolves a little in water. The other antimony(III) halides all react with water except for antimony trifluoride. +5 compounds are strong oxidizing agents. Antimony pentafluoride is highly reactive, as well as antimony pentoxide.

-3 compounds are reducing agents. The antimonides have properties between alloys and salts.

+3 compounds are weak oxidizing agents. They are covalent. Most of them are colorless or light yellow solids. They are the most common antimony compounds.


Antimony tetroxide has antimony in both its +3 and +5 oxidation state.

+5 compounds are strong oxidizing agents. They are rare.


Antimony sulfide was known for a long time. Some things plated with antimony and made out of antimony were found in Egypt and Chaldea. The first time antimony was mentioned in Europe was in the 1540. The first native antimony was found in Sweden in 1783. Antimony sulfide and antimony were confused sometimes in antiquity. There is a question over what "stibium", the original name of antimony, meant.

Antimony is not common. It is found about as often as thallium. It is quite easy to get, though and is in many minerals. Antimony is sometimes found as an element, but normally it is found as stibnite, an antimony sulfide mineral. Stibnite is the main ore of antimony. China is the biggest maker of antimony; it makes 84% of all antimony. Other countries that make antimony are South Africa, Bolivia, and Kyrgyzstan. Antimony is not used in the human body.

Antimony is made from stibnite by heating it with air. This makes antimony trioxide. Since it gets so hot, the antimony trioxide is evaporated. Other metal oxides in the stibnite ore do not evaporate. The antimony trioxide gas is condensed in a container. The antimony trioxide is then heated with carbon to make carbon dioxide and antimony. Another way to make antimony is to heat stibnite with scrap iron. This makes iron(II) sulfide and antimony. The antimony is separated and used.

About half of all antimony is used to make antimony trioxide for flame proofing.

It makes an alloy with lead. This alloy, 5% antimony and 95% lead, is harder than pure lead. It is used in lead acid batteries, as well as some other things. It is used as an alloy with lead in the pipes of pipe organs. Pewter has antimony in it. Some lead-free solder has antimony in it. It is used as an alloy with lead in ammunition for small arms and in covering of cables as well. It is also used in some alloys that have very little friction like Babbitt metal.

Another use is in a catalyst for making some plastics. Antimony(III) oxide is added to some glass to remove bubbles for things like television screens. Antimony is used as a dopant in electronics. Some antimony compounds were used as medicines to kill protozoans. The antimony pill was a chunk of antimony that was supposed to heal diseases. It is used in medicines for pets. Antimony sulfide is used in matches.

Antimony is toxic. Its toxicity is similar to arsenic, although it is less toxic than arsenic. Breathing in antimony dust can be very dangerous. Antimony reacts with strong oxidizing agents. Small amounts of antimony come out of plastic bottles where antimony was used as a catalyst. Some people were concerned that too much antimony was coming out.

Buckingham Palace

Buckingham Palace is a palace in London. It is in the City of Westminster, in central London.

The Palace is the main official residence where the British monarch lives and works. The palace is a setting for state occasions and royal hospitality. It has been a focus for the British people at times of national rejoicing and crisis.

Buckingham Palace was built in 1703 by John Sheffield, 1st Duke of Buckingham and Normandy, as a townhouse residence in London. It was bought by the British royal family in 1761. It became the official London home of the family in 1837 and was greatly expanded in the 19th century. It has 775 rooms, 19 staterooms, and 79 bathrooms. Leading up to it is a ceremonial road called The Mall. A German bomb damaged the Palace during the London blitz.

The Palace's guard is changed every day at 11:01am.

Amherst, Massachusetts

Amherst is a town in the American state of Massachusetts. It is in Hampshire County. There are three colleges in Amherst. It is named after Sir Jeffrey Amherst. It has a population of about 40,000 people.


Conservative (disambiguation)

Conservative means wishing or tending to save something old. Thus, culturally conservative is saving cultural heritage. Other kinds of conservative include:

2008 Summer Olympics

The 2008 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, were celebrated in Beijing, People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24. The opening ceremony began at 08:08:08 pm CST (12:08:08 UTC) at the Beijing National Stadium in Beijing, People's Republic of China. During the games, 10,500 athletes competed in 302 events in 28 sports.

The Olympic games were awarded to Beijing after a vote of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on July 13 2001. The official logo of the games, titled "Dancing Beijing," features a stylised calligraphic character "jīng" (京, meaning "capital"), meaning the host city. The mascots of Beijing 2008 are the five Fuwa, each representing both a colour of the Olympic rings and a symbol of Chinese culture. The Olympic slogan, "One World, One Dream", calls upon the world to unite in the Olympic spirit. Several new NOCs were also recognised by the IOC.

The Chinese government used the games to promote China as an important and powerful country, and spent a lot of money on building new facilities and transportation systems for the games. The events were held in 37 venues, including 12 newly built buildings. In 2007, former IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch said that he thinks that the Beijing games will be "the best in Olympic history". Although there was some controversy about having the games in China, the IOC's former president Jacques Rogge said that the IOC has "absolutely no regrets" in choosing Beijing to host the 2008 games.

At the end of the Olympics, China won the total gold medal count, while the United States led the grand total medal count.

Here is the top of the medal table at the end of the games.

Medal numbers shown in bold are the highest in their section. China, the host nation is highlighted in lavender.

Pierre de Fermat

Pierre de Fermat (17 August 1601 – 12 January 1665) was a French lawyer at the "Parlement" of Toulouse, southern France, and a mathematician. Many people see him as the father of modern calculus.

His method of finding the biggest and smallest ordinates of curved lines also makes him a contributor to differential calculus, which was not known at that time. His studies in the theory of numbers give him the rank of the founder of the modern theory. He also made notable contributions to analytic geometry, probability and optics.

He is also famous for making a simple mathematical statement (known as Fermat's Last Theorem) that he said he could prove, but he never wrote down his proof. Mathematicians tried to prove it for hundreds of years before finally managing it. Fermat probably did not really have a proof for this theorem, and only thought he did.

He proposed his principle on light which states that light selects the path which takes least time to travel.This principle was famous as Fermat principle.

Gottfried Leibniz

Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (also "Leibnitz" or "von Leibniz") 1 July 1 (21 June OS) 1646 – 14 November 1716) was a German intellectual who wrote mostly in French and Latin.
He played an important role in both philosophy and mathematics. He invented calculus independently of Newton, and his notation for derivatives is the one in general use since then. He also invented the binary system, foundation of modern computers.
He was taught law and philosophy. He served as secretary to two major German noble houses: one became the British royal family while he served it. Leibniz played a major role in the European politics and diplomacy of his day.
In philosophy, he is most remembered for optimism. He thought our universe is the best possible one God could have made. He was one of the great 17th century rationalists. René Descartes and Baruch Spinoza are the other two. His philosophy also both looks back to the Scholastic tradition and anticipates modern logic and analysis.
Leibniz also made contributions to physics and technology, and anticipated ideas which surfaced much later in biology, medicine, geology, probability theory, psychology, and information science. He wrote on politics, law, ethics, theology, history, and philology. Sometimes, he even wrote in verse. His contributions are scattered in journals and in tens of thousands of letters and unpublished manuscripts. There is no complete edition of Leibniz's writings, and a complete account of his accomplishments is not yet possible. Leibniz is sometimes known as the last "universal genius".
Leibniz is perhaps most famous for his involvement in development of calculus independent of Isaac Newton and creation of Leibniz Notation which is the standard form of calculus today.


Optimism

Optimism is a philosophy and a way of life. Optimists believe that the world is generally a positive place to be in. In the view of an optimist, people and things are good. Many liberal optimists do not believe in original sin. 

Optimism basically looks on the positive side, believing things will work out in the end. When a person is optimistic, it doesn't mean that they never doubt themselves. They might have a bad day or two. They recognize that they can make things better; there is a lesson to be learned from this, and they will move on. 

The opposing theory is called pessimism. Gottfried Leibnitz was a famous optimist. Arthur Schopenhauer is often considered to be a famous pessimist.

Optimism is associated with the idea of a glass looking "half full", instead of looking "Half empty". Optimism is also a habit of looking on the bright side of a situation

Pessimism

Pessimism is an attitude of mind and a way to look at life. Pessimists believe that generally things are bad, and the world people live in is the worst possible world.

Someone who uses the philosophy is called a pessimist, they are the opposite of an optimist.

An example of pessimism is seeing that a glass of water is "half empty", not "half full".


The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints

</nowiki>

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) is the largest group in the Mormon movement. It was started in 1830 in New York by Joseph Smith. Members of this church believe that Joseph Smith was chosen to be a prophet to bring back the church more like how Jesus Christ had set it up when he was alive. They also believe that the Father, Son and Holy Spirit are three separate individuals, but all have the same purpose. LDS scriptures include the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price. Members of the church are sometimes called Mormons. They properly known as Latter-Day Saints. They are well known for being active in missionary work. They also believe in the importance of families.

The headquarters of the church is in Salt Lake City, Utah, but there are more than 16 million members living all over the world. About six million members live in the United States and it is the second fastest growing church in the United States. It is also the fourth largest church in the United States. The leader of the Church is called the President of the Church, and members respect him as a prophet. The current President is Russell M. Nelson.

Latter-day Saints believe in the Holy Scriptures including the Bible and the Book of Mormon. They also believe that it is important for families to spend a lot of time together, and that after they die, they can live together forever. Latter-day Saints do not drink alcohol, coffee, or tea; smoke tobacco; or use other drugs. They meet once a week on Sunday for church, where they take the sacrament and listen to short talks by members of their own congregation. They also alternate between Sunday school to learn more about their scriptures and Relief Society (women group) and Elders Quorum (men group) where they discuss religious topics. Latter-day Saints also have buildings called temples. These are the most holy buildings in their religion. After a temple has been dedicated, only Latter-day Saints that are living lives in accordance with the teachings of the church can go in the temple.

Latter-day Saints believe in helping poor and needy people all around the world. Because of this, Latter-day Saints have given $1.2 billion, since 1985, in cash and assistance to other people. They also believe it is important to learn their family history, often called genealogy. They also help others to learn their family histories, and give access to all their family history records for free, through the internet, on the website Familysearch.org.

In 1842, Joseph Smith wrote 13 paragraphs describing what the Church and its members believe. These are those 13 beliefs:

The ARTICLES OF FAITH


The leaders of the Church are fifteen men titled apostles. The man who has been an Apostle for the longest time becomes President of the Church and the man who has been an Apostle the second longest is President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. The President of the Church picks two Apostles to be his First and Second Counselors in the First Presidency (the First Presidency being the President and the 2 Counselors while the other 12 Apostles make up the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles). If the President of the Quorum of the Twelve is one of the Counselors, or the second longest serving Apostle is too sick to do the work that comes with being President of the Quorum of the Twelve, the longest serving other Apostle who is not in the First Presidency is named Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. Since Russell M. Nelson became President of the Church, Dallin H. Oaks has been President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and First Counselor in the First Presidency, and until he died in November 2023 M. Russell Ballard was Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

There are several geographical divisions of the Church. The biggest ones are areas. An area might be a whole country, or part of a continent. Another division is a temple district. A temple district contains all the congregations served by one temple. This often means a whole state, region, or large city. Still another division is the mission, which is an area to which missionaries are assigned; almost all of the world is part of a mission, whether or not missionaries live or seek converts there.

Another geographical division of the church is the stake. Stakes contain all the Latter-day Saints in a geographic area (for example, the stake in Whittier, California serves all the Latter-day Saints in Whittier, Pico Rivera and La Mirada). A stake often contains several thousand members. Stakes are divided into wards.

In areas where the church is less established and there are not enough members to form a stake, a district is formed. Districts serve much the same role as stakes. In turn, districts are divided into branches. If the church membership grows large enough, a district will be changed into a stake and the branches into wards.

Each congregation is one ward (or branch). A ward might contain only people who speak a language other than the local language of its area. Examples include areas next to large U.S. military bases in foreign countries, where English-language wards may be organized, and major U.S. cities with many immigrants, where wards using Spanish, dialects of Chinese, or other languages are often formed. In some places, there are special wards for deaf people, where the services are held in the local sign language (such as American Sign Language in English-speaking North America). The church also has "singles wards", in which the congregation is made up only of single adults. In turn, there are two types of singles wards—Young Single Adult (YSA), for ages 18 to 30, and Single Adult (SA), for those over 30.

The church was founded by Joseph Smith in 1830 in upstate New York. It was probably due to the Book of Mormon, which Smith said he had translated from gold plates that were buried in a nearby hill. Smith's followers first went to Kirtland, Ohio in 1831. The first temple was built in Kirtland, and by the mid-1830s, there were over 17,000 members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. In 1838, the Latter-day Saints settled in Independence and Far West, Missouri. They were driven out because people in Missouri did not trust Latter-day Saints. The Latter-day Saints then moved to Nauvoo, Illinois. There, Smith started to practice polygamy and tried to start a "theodemocracy," which combined Latter-day Saints rule with American democracy. In 1844, an attempt by Smith to shut down the Nauvoo newspaper led to Smith being accused of treason, followed by him being killed by a mob.

After Smith's death, there was a controversy over who should replace Smith. Brigham Young led most of the Latter-day Saints to Utah in 1847. When Utah became a territory in 1850, it was somewhat of a theocracy. Later in the 1850s, there was conflict between the Latter-day Saints and the U.S. government over control of the territory. This was called the Utah War. The Mountain Meadows massacre was part of the Utah War. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Latter-day Saints settled the "Mormon Corridor" in Utah and surrounding states in the Western United States. Some of the places they settled were Mesa, Arizona; San Bernardino, California; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Cardston, Alberta. By 1890, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints had built temples in three Utah cities.

Brigham Young died in 1877. Around that time, the U.S. government made polygamy against the law. Polygamy had been practiced by Young and some members of the church since the 1840s. Laws by the U.S. government led to many Latter-day Saints leaders going into hiding, and many polygamists being sent to jail. In 1890, the church stopped polygamy. This is thought to be the beginning of the modern era of the Mormon church.

In the early 20th century, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints grew, and opened its first temples outside of Utah. Soon tithing (giving money to the Church) was made a part of being a good member. In 1995, Gordon Hinckley became president. He got the church to build many temples in the United States and elsewhere around the world. The current President is Russell M. Nelson after the death of Thomas S. Monson in January 2018.

Young people are encouraged to go on missions when they get old enough. Men may go for two years after they are 18 years old (as long as they have graduated from high school), and women may go for 18 months after they are 19 years old. Before an August 2012 change in church policy, men had to be 19 in most countries, and women throughout the world 21, before they could go on missions. More men go on missions than women do. These missionaries go to a "Missionary Training Center" for a few months where they learn how to be good missionaries, and then live in another place for their mission. The Church tells them where they need to go. Then they work with one other missionary who is the same gender as they are (called a "companion"), and change companions often so they are not always with the same person. Missionaries will go to people who live near them and teach them about the Church, and baptize people who want to join the Church. They also help people around them, even if these people are not in the Church. Often they help by building houses for people who need them.

Older people sometimes go on missions after their children grow up. They get to go with their spouse. There are many different kinds of missions for "senior missionaries". Some of them are only a few months, and some of them are a few years. These missions can be "service missions", which means that they go to help people who live in the area. Sometimes the senior missionary is a "mission president". This means that they lead and help young missionaries in the place where they go to live.

The LDS church has been heavily criticized since its creation. Some of the criticisms are listed below.




Fenrir

In Norse mythology, Fenrir (Old Norse: “he who dwells in the marshes”), also known as Fenrisúlfr (Old Norse: “Fenrir's wolf”), or Vanargand ("Monster of the River Van"), is a giant, monstrous wolf, son of Loki and the giantess Angrboða, and the brother of Hel and Jörmungandr. 

Fenrir was tied up by the gods but was destined to break free from his bonds and devour Odin during Ragnarök, after which he is killed by Odin's son, Víðarr. 

Fenrir has two sons, Hati ('hate') and Skoll.

Odin found out about a prophecy that the children of Loki and Angora would cause trouble for the gods. He had Fenrir brought to him along with its brother Jörmungandr and its sister Hel. 

After throwing Jörmungandr into the sea and sending Hel into the land of the dead, Odin had the wolf raised among the Æsir. Only the god Týr was brave enough to feed the growing monster. The wolf got stronger and stronger. The gods were scared that he would eventually destroy them. They tried to chain it up. He agreed to be chained two times. Both times he easily broke the chains. 

Odin had the dwarfs make the chain Gleipnir ("deceiver" or "entangler"). It looked like a silken ribbon but was made of six magical ingredients: the sound of a cat's step, the beard of a woman, the roots of a mountain, bear's sensibility, fish's breath, and bird's spittle.

The gods challenged Fenrir to break this chain as well. The wolf saw how thin and well made Gleipnir was and thought it was a trick. He agreed to try and break the chain, but only if one of the gods would put his hand in the wolf's mouth. He believed this would force them to free him if he could not break the chain. Only Týr was willing to put his hand in the wolf's mouth. Fenrir tried to break the chain. The more he tried, the tighter the chain held him. When the gods would not free him, the wolf bit off Týr's hand at the wrist. 

It is said that at Ragnarök, the wolf will break free. He will join forces with the enemies of the gods and will then eat Odin. After that Viðarr, Odin's son, will slay the wolf to avenge his father's death.


Russell Crowe

Russell Ira Crowe (born 7 April 1964) is an actor and singer with New Zealand citizenship who lives in Australia. He is most well known for the movie "Gladiator". This movie gave him his fame in America. He won the academy award (Oscar) for Best actor in 2001, for acting in "Gladiator". He also starred as Jor-El in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel".

Crowe had attended Auckland Grammar School before moving to Australia.

He is married to Danielle Spencer. She is an Australian singer, songwriter and actress. They have two sons, Charles Spencer Crowe (born 2003) and Tennyson Spencer Crowe (born 2006). 

Renin

Renin is an enzyme that is made by the kidneys. It is released into the circulatory system to raise blood pressure. This causes more blood to be sent to the kidneys.


Knight

A knight was a professional heavy cavalry soldier in the Middle Ages. Knights were the best soldiers in the kingdom. Knights fought for lords or nobles, and got land in return. They thought honour was very important, and they had a code of honour called chivalry. A knight usually had a coat of arms, also called an armorial achievement.

Knights were first used in the 8th century in the late Roman armies. The era of the knights lasted until the 16th century. After that, national armies replaced feudal armies. Many knights were recruited as officers in the new armies. 

Although they no longer fight as elite warriors, knights still exist.

Today, Queen Elizabeth II names Knights of the Commonwealth Realms. To knight a person, she taps their shoulders with the flat side of a sword during a ceremony. Bill Gates, Clint Eastwood, Michael Caine, Elton John, and George H.W. Bush have all been knighted.

Some British orders of knighthood still exist, like the Order of the British Empire. Today, knights are called “Sir” followed by their first name.

Many members of nobility are descended from knights. For example, Wijerd Jelckama is descended from a knight who died at the siege of Antioch in 1199.


Kuiper belt

The Kuiper belt is an area of the Solar System beyond the orbit of Neptune (at 30 astronomical units) to 50 AU from the Sun. 

The objects within the Kuiper Belt together with the members of the "scattered disk" beyond, are together called trans-Neptunian.

Many objects such as dwarf planets in the Kuiper belt are much bigger than the ones in the asteroid belt and are round. At least some Kuiper belt objects are icebound.

The first objects in the Kuiper belt to be found were Pluto and Charon (moon) but the belt was only identified and named in 1992 when more Kuiper belt objects (KBOs) were found. A few thousand have since been discovered and more than 70,000 KBOs over 100 km (62 mi) in diameter are thought to exist. 

Mole

Moles are small mammals adapted to a burrowing (under the ground) lifestyle. This lifestyle is called "fossorial".

Moles are found in North America, Europe and Asia. They eat insects, larvae or worms. Moles have velvety, soft fur. They have powerful front paws so they can dig. A mole has an extra thumb.

The family includes the shrew moles and the desmans. There are 
three subfamilies, 17 genera and 46 species in total in this very common group of mammals. Moles have poor vision.

The largest type of mole is the Russian desman. The smallest type of mole is the American shrew mole.


Terence Tao

Terence Chi-Shen Tao (born 17 July 1975) is a Chinese-Australian mathematician who currently resides in the United States. In 2006, Tao won the Fields Medal for his work in number theory. Tao shared the award with three other mathematicians. He also won the FRS in 2007. He is known for his studies in harmonic analysis, partial differential equations, combinatorics, analytic number theory and representation theory. Tao teaches math at UCLA.

Tao was born in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia. His parents are Han. Tao is the youngest person to be in the International Mathematical Olympiad.

Ever since he was a young child he had shown great skills in mathematics and logic.
His father claimed that at the age of 2, during a family gathering, the infant Tao taught a 5-year-old child mathematics and English. According to Smithsonian Online Magazine, Tao taught himself arithmetic by the age of two. When asked by his father how he knew numbers and letters, he said he learned them from "Sesame Street". Aside from English, Tao speaks fluent Cantonese, but does not write Chinese. He was promoted to a full professor at age 24. He currently lives with his wife and son in Los Angeles, California.


Fritz Lang

Fritz Lang (5 December 1890 – 2 August 1976) was an Austrian director, screenwriter, and movie producer. His movies include "Metropolis" and "M". He is one of the most famous German expressionist filmmakers.

Lang was born in Vienna. He died in Beverly Hills, California.


Scattered disc

The scattered disc (or scattered disk) is a distant part of the solar system. The area has small icy minor planets known as scattered disc objects (SDOs). The part of the scattered disc closest to the sun is in an area of space called the Kuiper belt. The Oort cloud lies beyond the scattered disc. The first SDO was found in 1995 by Spacewatch.

The scattered disk is still not understood well. Astronomers believe that it was created when objects in the Kuiper belt were "scattered" by the gravity of the outer planets, mainly Neptune. Unlike most objects in the Solar System which move in a round and flat path, scattered disc objects go every which way. Different SDOs have different orbital eccentricity and orbital inclination. 

Flatworm

Flatworms (Platyhelminthes, Greek "platy"': flat; "helminth": worm) are a phylum of invertebrates. They are relatively simple animals. They have soft bodies. 

With about 25,000 known species, they are the largest phylum of animals without a body cavity. Flatworms can be found in marine, freshwater, and even damp terrestrial environments. 

A troublesome terrestrial example is the New Zealand flatworm, "Arthurdendyus triangulatus". It is an invasive species which colonized large areas of Ireland and Scotland. It was brought there by accident in the 1960s. Since then, it has destroyed most of the indigenous earthworms.

Most free-living flatworms found in Britain are very small ranging from 5mm to less than 1 cm. They are usually black and can easily be mistaken for debris. These are mostly found in freshwater rivers or streams and are of the Turbellaria class.

Most flatworms (over 50%) are parasitic on other animals. There are four classes: 
and 

Flatworms are one of the invertebrate groups which are studied in school biology. The main reason for this is that they may infect humans, pets and farmyard animals. Some do enormous harm to humans and their livestock. Schistosomiasis, caused by one genus of trematodes, is the second most devastating of all human diseases caused by parasites, surpassed only by malaria. Effective treatments are now available for these infections. Also, in first-world countries, regulations on domestic cattle prevent infected meat from reaching the human hosts.


Trematode

The Trematodes are a class of flatworms in the phylum Platyhelminthes. They are called flukes, and are internal parasites of molluscs and vertebrates. Most trematodes have a complex life cycle with at least two hosts. The primary host, where the flukes sexually reproduce, is a vertebrate. The intermediate host, which is the agent of dispersal, is usually a snail.

The trematodes or flukes are estimated to include 18,000 to 24,000 species.

Fluke

Fluke can refer to different things:

Period instruments

The period instruments are musical instruments which have been made in the same way they were made hundreds of years ago. This is done so that earlier music will sound like it did when it was first composed.

Musical instruments have changed a lot during the last few centuries. Composers like Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) wrote music for instruments which sounded differently from the way they do today. Although most of the orchestral instruments we use nowadays were already in use in Bach’s day, instrument makers have made changes to them. These changes often gave the instruments a bigger sound so that they could be heard well in large concert halls. Orchestras also have increased in size.

During the 20th century musicians started to realize that the way we play the music of Bach and other composers was making the music sound different from how it would have been first heard. People became interested in hearing what the music would have sounded like back in the 17th and early 18th centuries (the Baroque period). Few of the old instruments still existed and many that had survived had been “modernized”. So instrument makers started to make instruments in the old ways. Some musicians and orchestras started to play these instruments. The instruments are often called “period instruments” (or "authentic instruments" or "historical instruments") because they are made so that they are like instruments of earlier periods.

Today's instruments of the string family (violin, viola, cello and double bass) may look almost the same as the old ones, but there are differences: the old fingerboards were shorter and the strings used to be made of gut, not metal. The bows were shaped differently, and the technique of playing was also different.

Woodwind instruments have changed a lot since the old times. Flutes, oboes and bassoons hardly had any keys (the metal keys which help to cover the holes). The keys were added in the 18th century and it made it much easier to play difficult music with lots of sharps and flats. Clarinets were not invented until the late 18th century, but even they have developed a lot since Mozart’s time (1756-1791).

Brass instruments like the trumpet and French horn now have valves which make it easier to play in different keys. The trombone is the only instrument which has not changed. The tuba was invented in the early 19th century.

Percussion instruments include the timpani which have changed a lot. In Baroque times they had calf-skin heads but now the heads are made of plastic. This makes a very different sound.

Baroque keyboard instruments included the harpsichord and clavichord. The piano was invented during the 18th century. It still sounded very different when Mozart wrote for it. The frame was made of wood, not of cast iron, and the hammers had leather heads instead of felt. A modern piano sounds quite different.

The interest in period instruments started in the mid 20th century. People like Wanda Landowska played Baroque keyboard music on the harpsichord instead of the piano. Conductors like Nikolas Harnoncourt have trained small orchestras to play on period instruments using techniques which were used in Baroque times. Gradually musicians also started using period instruments for music from the Classical music period (the time of Mozart and Beethoven). Even in the mid 18th century the modern orchestra had not yet evolved. In recent years conductors like John Elliot Gardiner have performed music by Hector Berlioz on period instruments. There are now many small instrumental groups and orchestras who regularly perform on period instruments e.g. The English Concert and the English Baroque Soloists.

Does old music sound better on period instruments? Musicians do not all agree about this question and they still argue a lot about the way that some of the music should be played. However, it is important to listen to the way that period instruments are played. Musicians such as the violinist Andrew Manze have done a lot of research in old books and old music and have done a lot to make people rethink the way in which music from former centuries should be performed.

Monogenea

Monogenea are a type of flatworm. They are parasites which means that they always need another creature to live on. They live on the outside of their host. Some parasites, like tapeworms, live on the inside of a larger creature. 

Monogenea are especially common on the skin, fins and gills of fish. Less commonly, they can be found in the urinary bladder and rectum of cold-blooded vertebrates. No types of Monogenea infect birds, but one ("Oculotrema hippopotami") infects mammals. It is a parasite in the eye of a hippopotamus. 

Monogenea are usually hermaphrodites. This means that they have both sexes. First they are males, and only later do they become females as well. They have direct life-cycles with no asexual reproduction (unlike the Digenea). In those types of Monogenea that lay eggs, the young ones grow to a larval stage called an "oncomiracidium". It is at the "larva" stage that they are able to travel from one host creature to another. When they are adults, Monogenea eat the blood, mucus, and epithelial cells of their host creature.

Turbellaria

Turbellaria are a class of free-living flatworms. Most of them are carnivores. They actively search for food. Most of them are small, less than 60 cm in size. Almost all of them are aquatic. Some also live on land, in damp places.

Bifröst

In Norse mythology, Bifröst is the bridge between the land of mortals, Midgard, and the land of the gods, Asgard. The gods cross it every day to meet and decide things at Urdarbrunn (Well of Urd) under the tree Yggdrasill. The bridge is a rainbow. It was built by the Æsir and is guarded by the god Heimdall.

Only the thunder god Thor was not allowed to use the rainbow, because he may break it. The bridge will be destroyed at the end of the world, Ragnarök, when the relentless army of giants and the dead run on it to attack Asgard.

Alternative names: Bilröst, Ásbrú, Bifrost.

Mendoza Province

Mendoza is a Province of Argentina. It is in the region called Cuyo. The province borders San Juan in the north, San Luis and La Pampa in the east, Neuquén in the south, and Chile to the west.

It is the major wine producer of Argentina and has many other crops. It has the highest mountain in the country, Aconcagua.

Mendoza has a population of 1,579,651 people (2001). Spanish is the main language but many people also speak English, Italian and Portuguese.


Dosimeter

A dosimeter is a tool that can measure different levels of hazardous environments. Common dosimeters are those used for sound (They measure how loud a certain noise is) and radiation (they measure how much radiation there is in an environment).


Geiger counter

A Geiger counter (sometimes called Geiger-Müller counter) is an instrument that measures ionizing radiation such as alpha particles, beta particles, or gamma rays. It is best known as a hand held radiation survey instrument, but it can also be used as a bench instrument or permanently installed.

The original operating principle was discovered in 1908 and since the subsequent development of the Geiger-Müller tube in 1928 the counter has been a very popular instrument due to its robust sensing detector and element and relatively low cost.

The radiation sensor is a Geiger-Müller tube which gives out an electronic signal when radiation is present. 
The readout is counts or radiation dose. The counts display is commonly "counts per second". Radiation dose rate is displayed in a unit such as the sievert.

The readout can be analogue or digital, and modern instruments have communications with a computer or network.

There is usually an option to produce audible representing the radiation intensity. This allows the user to concentrate on manipulation of the instrument without looking at the display.

For alpha particles and low energy beta particles the "end window" type of GM tube is used as these particles have a limited range even in free air and are easily stopped by a solid material.

Geiger counters can be used to detect gamma radiation, and for this the windowless tube is used. A special type of the Geiger tube is used to measure neutrons.

For hand-held units there are two fundamental physical configurations: the "integral" unit, with both detector and electronics in the same unit, and the "two-piece" design which has a separate detector probe and an electronics module connected by a short cable. 
There is a particular type of gamma instrument known as a "hot spot" detector which has the detector tube on the end of a long pole or flexible conduit. These are used to measure high radiation gamma locations whilst protecting the operator by means of distance shielding.

In 1908 Hans Geiger, developed a technique for detecting alpha particles that would later be used in the Geiger-Müller tube. This counter was only capable of detecting alpha particles but in 1928 Geiger and Walther Müller developed the sealed Geiger-Müller tube which could detect more types of ionizing radiation and it became a practical radiation sensor. Once this was available, Geiger counter instruments could be produced relatively cheaply.



Wide area network

A worldwide area network, or WAN, is made up of several computer networks connected together, often over the Internet. In most cases, the networks in WANs all belong to the all same company or school.
WANs are used to connect LANs and other types of networks together, so that users and computers in one location can communicate with users and computers in other locations. Many WANs are built for one particular organization and are private. Others, built by Internet service providers, provide connections from an organization's LAN to the Internet. WANs are often built using leased lines. At each end of the leased line, a router connects to the LAN on one side and a hub within the WAN on the other. Leased lines can be very expensive. Instead of using leased lines, WANs can also be built using less costly circuit switching or packet switching methods. Network protocols including TCP/IP deliver transport and addressing functions. Protocols including Packet over SONET/SDH, MPLS, ATM and Frame relay are often used by service providers to deliver the links that are used in WANs. X.25 was an important early WAN protocol, and is often considered to be the "grandfather" of Frame Relay as many of the underlying protocols and functions of X.25 are still in use today (with upgrades) by Frame Relay.
Academic research into wide area networks can be broken down into three areas: mathematical models, network emulation and network simulation.
Performance improvements are sometimes delivered via WAFS or WAN optimization.

Corporate network

A corporate network is a group of computers, connected together in a building or in a particular area, which are all owned by the same company or institutions.

Disk

A disc or disk generally refers to a round flat object, although the usage varies between different variants of English. Common types of disc include:






Noodle

Noodles are thin strips of pasta which are made from dough. The dough for the noodles can be made in different ways:

Noodles are usually cooked in boiling water. Sometimes, after boiling, noodles are fried in a pan with other ingredients while being moved around in order to be mixed well, which is called stir frying. 


Gaia Online

Gaia Online is a website created around anime and chatting. In Gaia, users can work on an online economy, chat with other people with the same interests, and even play online games found around the site. Also, you have to be 13 and older to join.


Jotunheim

Jötunheimr (or Jotunheim) is the land of the giants in the Norse mythology. Two kinds of giants (or Jotuns) live in Jötunheimr, rock giants and frost giants. From here they can attack the humans in Midgard and the gods in Asgard. Jotunheim is ruled by King Thrym. 

Leia Organa

Princess Leia Organa, born Leia Amidala Skywalker, is a character from the "Star Wars" universe. Leia was played by Carrie Fisher in the original three "Star Wars" movies: "", "", and "". She is also a main character in many novels that are set in the "Star Wars" universe.

Organa is the daughter of Padmé Amidala and Anakin Skywalker. She has a twin brother, Luke Skywalker. Her mother died giving birth to her and her brother. The twins were taken at birth and given to different families to raise. Leia was raised by the family of Alderaan's Senator Bail Organa as his daughter. 

Leia was in a romantic relationship with Han Solo and both have a child Ben Solo. Kylo Ren becomes evil and becomes the main villain in Star Wars sequel trilogy. 

Ayrton Senna

Ayrton Senna da Silva (March 21, 1960 – May 1, 1994), better known as Ayrton Senna, was a Brazilian Formula 1 driver who won the championship three times, in 1988, 1990 and in 1991. He died in an accident that took place on the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari, better known as Imola, in the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix. He is considered by many people to be the most skilled driver in the history of motor racing.

Senna was born in São Paulo, a city in Brazil where the brazilian grand prix is hosted. When he was four years old, he first got into a kart. When he was 13, he entered a karting competition for the first time. A fun fact is that he started his first kart race on pole position. The start places were written on pieces of paper and put in a driver's helmet, and he drew number one. Because he was a lot lighter than the other racers, he was much faster than all of them. He won the "South American Kart Championships" in 1977 and was runner-up in the World Championship, but he never won it.

In 1981 he raced in the British Formula Ford 1600 championship, and won it as well. He also changed his name to Senna, since da Silva is used a lot in Brazil.

In 1982 Senna won two European championships; the European and the British Formula Ford 2000. After testing with Williams, McLaren, Brabham and Toleman, he got a place within the Toleman team for the 1984 Formula One season.

The Toleman team was a very small team compared to other famous teams like Williams, McLaren and Brabham. Even though, the team built a car good enough to let Senna impress with his talents. Ayrton Senna scored his first championship point on April 7, 1984 at the South African Grand Prix. Three races later, Senna impressed at the Monaco Grand Prix, where it was raining. Senna started on the 13th position, but right after the race started, he soon was gaining position after position on the track that is known for its small roads. On the 19th lap, he took second place from Niki Lauda and was making up a lot of time to the race leader, Alain Prost. It started to rain harder and the race was stopped on the 31st lap. Even though almost everyone agrees Senna should have won the race, Senna had a result to be proud of. In the rest of the season he would finish third place in two races, the British and the Portuguese Grand Prix. He finished his first year in Formula One racing on a shared 9th position and 13 points, sharing his 9th position with Nigel Mansell.

Senna did not just race in Formula One that year. He also co-drove a Porsche 956 with Henri Pescarolo and Stefan Johansson in the 1000km Nürburgring race. He also raced in a race to celebrate the opening of the new Nürburgring. He won this race.

The following year, joined the Lotus team, and many thought he would be able to meet his potential. The other driver for Lotus was Elio De Angelis. Ayrton scored his first of 65 pole positions in his career during the Brazilian Grand Prix, but was not able to win the race. He retired with an electrical problem after 48 laps. He did not had to wait a long time for his first ever victory in Formula 1, however, because he won the next race, the Portuguese Grand Prix starting off from pole position again. He showed his true talent driving in such bad weather which even later champion Alain Prost could not race in (he spun into a wall). The rest of the season was not too good for Senna though. He scored a lot of points but often retired because of mechanical problems. He won the Belgian Grand Prix in another wet race and finished 4th at the end of the season, scoring 38 points total. He also took two first places, two second places, two third places and seven pole positions.

His second season with Lotus, in 1986, was better than his first. The Lotus Car was a lot more reliable. He finished second in the Brazilian Grand Prix, with only Nelson Piquet being faster than Ayrton. He even took the lead in the World Championship standings during the Spanish Grand Prix after managing to keep Nigel Mansell away from stealing the victory. The gap between both drivers was only 14 thousand of a second. He did not have a lot of time to enjoy his lead, however, because his Lotus did not have the reliability Ayrton needed to chase after the title.


Adriano Emperado

Adriano Emperado (June 16, 1926 - April 4, 2009) is a Filipino-Hawaiian martial artist. He is one of five martial artists who developed a system of self-defense called Kajukenbo.

As a young man in Honolulu, Hawaii, Emperado began his early training in the Filipino art of Escrima. That had a huge impact on his development of Kajukenbo. Emperado later became interested in Kenpo Karate. After years of training, he earned a fifth-degree black belt under the direction of William K.S Chow.

The first school of Kajukenbo was directed by Adriano Emperado and his brother, Joe Emperado. In 1959, Emperado began combining Wushu into Kajukenbo. Adriano Emperado's life has been about teaching the martial arts. "Black Belt Magazine" named him its Instructor of the Year 1991.

Paramaribo

Paramaribo (, nickname: Par′bo) is the capital city of Suriname. About 250,000 people live in the city. It is at the Suriname River about 15 km before the river flows into the Atlantic Ocean. 

Paramirbo used to be called in French "Bourg nommé des Juifs" because so many Jewish people lived there.

Ancient Domains of Mystery

ADOM (Ancient Domains of Mystery) is a computer game. More specifically, it's a Roguelike.

Jagdterrier

Jagdterriers are a breed of dogs. Their full name is Deutscher Jagdterrier. This translates to German terrier to mean a hunting dog. 

Erwin Schrödinger

Erwin Schrödinger (Erwin Rudolf Josef Alexander Schrödinger, 12 August 1887, Vienna-Erdberg 4 January 1961, Vienna) was an Austrian physicist and theoretical biologist. He was one of the founding fathers of quantum theory and won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1933.

Schrödinger went to the Academic Gymnasium from 1898 to 1906.
Afterwards he studied mathematics and physics in Vienna and wrote his habilitation up from 1910.

He was a soldier in World War I. Afterwards he got professorships in Zürich, Jena, Breslau and Stuttgart. In 1920 he married.
In 1927 he went to Berlin to fellow Max Planck.

After the take-over of power by the Nazis, Schrödinger left Germany and got a new professorship in Oxford.
In 1933 he was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Three years later he returned to Austria and became professor in Graz.
In 1938 he had to leave Austria, because the Nazis had taken over government.
He went to Dublin and became director of the School for Theoretical Physics.

In 1956 he returned to Vienna and got a professorship for Theoretical Physics.
He died of tuberculosis in 1961.

Schrödinger's most important work is the wave mechanics – a formulation of quantum mechanics, and especially the Schrödinger equation. He also worked on the field of biophysics. He invented the concept of negentropy and helped to develop molecular biology.



Dioxin

Dioxins is the name for a group of chemical compounds. These are organic compounds. Polychlorinated dibenzodioxins (PCDDs), or simply dioxins, are a group of halogenated organic compounds which are significant because they act as environmental pollutants. They are very poisonous. Many dioxins cause cancer.
Today, Dioxins are no longer made. They can occur as a by-product of other processes, though. Examples where dioxins can result are the production of PVC or the bleaching of paper. In nature, they are produced in volcanoes and forest fires.

A chemical accident where a lot of dioxin was released was the Seveso disaster.

Arnold Sommerfeld

Arnold Johannes Wilhelm Sommerfeld (December 5, 1868 in Königsberg, East Prussia – April 26, 1951 in Munich) was a German mathematician and theoretical physicist.
Sommerfeld was the son of a practical physician. After finishing school in 1886, he started studying mathematics at the University of Königsberg. In 1891 he wrote his doctorate thesis about arbitrary functions in mathematical physics. Afterwards he had to serve in the army.

Then he went to Göttingen. He became assistant at the institute for mineralogy, but was still interested in mathematical physics.
In 1894 he became the assistant of Felix Klein. The year after he wrote his habilitation about the mathematical theory of optical diffraction and became docent for mathematics in Göttingen.

In 1897 Sommerfeld married. In the same year he became ordinary professor for mathematics at the mining college of Clausthal. Three years later he got a professorship at the Technical University of Aachen.

In 1906 he became professor for theoretical physics in Munich, were he stood for his lifetime. While he was professor in Munich, he travelled twice around the world - in 1922/23 he was guest professor in Wisconsin and travelled afterwards through India, China and Japan, in 1928/29 he made a journey through the US as a university teacher.

He started taking out a pension in 1935, but he still worked until 1940. There was a lot of trouble choosing the person who should follow him. Sommerfeld wanted to have Werner Heisenberg to follow him, but in the time of the Nazi regime the job could only go to a person who taught the so-called German Physics, which included a kind of mysticism. Sommerfeld tried to prevent that.

Sommerfeld died in 1951 in a traffic accident.



James Clerk Maxwell

James Clerk Maxwell (born 13 June 1831 in Edinburgh – died 5 November 1879) was a Scottish mathematician, physicist and discoverer of Maxwell's equations.
Maxwell grew up in a rich religious family. In 1845, when he was only 14, he wrote a paper describing a way of drawing mathematical curves with a piece of string. In 1847 he started studying mathematics at the University of Edinburgh. In 1850 Maxwell changed to Peterhouse and then Trinity College at the University of Cambridge. He won prizes from the university for his work and was given his degree in 1854. From 1855 to 1872 he did research on colour blindness.
In 1856 Maxwell was made a professor of 'Natural Philosophy' (which is what science was called then) at Marischal College, Aberdeen. He worked there until the two colleges in Aberdeen joined together in 1860 and he lost his job. He then became a professor at King's College London. In 1861 he was elected to the Royal Society.

In 1871, he became the first Cavendish Professor of Physics at Cambridge. He studied many things, but is known best for his mathematical work on electromagnetism and on the behaviour of gases. He used the experiments of Michael Faraday to see how magnetism and electricity were connected. This helped him to make his equations that allowed scientists to understand light and radio waves. 

He lived at Glenlair House, his family estate near the village of Parton, Castle Douglas in Kirkcudbrightshire. Maxwell died in 1879 from cancer, and is buried in the graveyard at Parton Church.

Roman Vishniac

Roman Vishniac (; ; August 19, 1897 – January 22, 1990) was a Russian-American photographer and a biologist. He is well known for taking pictures of Jewish culture in Central and Eastern Europe before the Holocaust. Many of these pictures are in his book, "A Vanished World", published in 1983.

Penicillin

Penicillin is a group of common antibiotics, used to treat bacterial infections. It was one of the first antibiotics to be discovered, and worked well against staphylococci and streptococci. Many strains of bacteria are now resistant. Chemists keep changing part of its structure in the effort to keep it working against the bacteria. Penicillin is sometimes used to treat syphilis, tonsillitis, meningitis, and pneumonia as well as other diseases.

Penicillin can be used to enter and kill two types of bacteria, Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Gram-positive bacteria have no outer cell membrane (protective layer around the bacteria cell) and have large pores (holes) which allows penicillin to enter easily and kill the cell from the inside. Gram-negative bacteria are harder for penicillin to enter as they have smaller pores and an outer cell membrane so penicillin has to enter through smaller aqueous pores (holes in the membrane where water enters and leaves the cell). This means that killing Gram-negative bacteria takes a longer amount of time and some penicillin drugs may not work against them.

Once the Penicillin is inside the bacteria, it destroys the bacterial cell wall by stopping new chains in the outer membrane from forming and so the structure of the membrane collapses. This means that there is no longer a structure to support the cell and control how much of substances can enter and leave so a large amount of water from the surroundings enters the cell until it can no longer function and so the cell dies.

Penicillin was discovered by Scottish scientist Sir Alexander Fleming in 1928, but it was not mass-produced until 1940 when it was first used widely during World War II.

Penicillin was discovered when Fleming noticed a mold that was stopping bacteria from growing in a petri dish. Australian scientist Howard Walter Florey made the penicillin mold into a medicine. Together with another scientist Ernst Boris Chain, Fleming and Florey were given the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1945. The first time penicillin was used in medicine to treat a bacterial infection was in 1930.

The antibiotic penicillin is naturally produced by fungi of the genus "Penicillium". There is now a whole group of antibiotics derived from "Penicillium" including penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V which are effective against different bacterial diseases.

Some people are allergic to penicillin. Side effects of taking antibiotics may include nausea, diarrhea, or a rash. Rarely, patients who are allergic to penicillin get a fever, vomit, or have serious skin irritation. Because it is such a popular antibiotic, penicillin is the most common cause of serious allergic reactions to a drug. They are now used regularly in hospitals but because it is so common in modern medicine, strains of bacteria have developed resistance against the antibiotic (the antibiotic can no longer kill the bacteria).

Chemist John C. Sheehan at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) did the first chemical synthesis of penicillin in 1957.

Depleted uranium

Depleted uranium is what is left over after uranium is enriched. Enriched uranium has enough uranium-235 to be used in nuclear reactors or nuclear weapons. Depleted uranium is made up mostly of the isotope uranium-238. Uranium-238 is mildly radioactive. Uranium is very dense, or heavy for its size. Because of this, depleted uranium is used in armor piercing bullets and heavy machine guns. Its high density allows weapons to put more energy into a fired bullet which causes more damage to its targets. Bullets made from it will burn when they hit something hard, and their smoke is dangerous to breathe. 

Depleted uranium has long been been used in nuclear reactors to make plutonium for producing nuclear energy. In 2010 a new kind of "traveling wave reactor" was proposed to use it more directly.

Commuting

Commuting is the act of travelling from home to a workplace every day. A commuter is a person who commutes. This was uncommon until the 19th century, when the word was invented for people who used public transport daily. For many commuters, home is a suburb and work is in the inner city; but the reverse is sometimes the case and is called a reverse commute. Commuters may use other transport, such as cars or bicycles.


Anne Redpath

Anne Redpath (1895 – 1965) was a Scottish artist. She was born in Galashiels, Scotland.

She was the daughter of a tweed designer. Her father's work affected her use of colour and texture in her paintings. "I do with a spot of red or yellow in a harmony of grey, what my father did in his tweed", she said. She went to France during 1920 – 1933.


CD-RW

A CD-RW (which stands for Compact Disc ReWritable) is a Compact disc that can be recorded and erased multiple times. It can hold data or music. Most of the time it will hold data, since many CD players can not play CD-RWs. During its development, the format was known as CD-E, which stands for Compact Disc Erasable. The standard was introduced in 1997. It replaced the less successful CD-MO.

The disk used for this is an optical disc. Phase change technology is used to write to the disk. A laser beam is used to heat a certain point of the disk. Once this point is hot, the information stored there can be changed.

According to what the manufacturers of these disks say, it is possible to record and erase such a disk up to 1000 times. They behave very much like CD-Rs, otherwise. Entire sessions can be written. As long as there is space on the disc, new sessions can be appended. To be readable in an ordinary CD drive, all sessions must be closed though.

CD-RWs never gained the popularity of CD-Rs. This is because they are more expensive to make and to buy. Also, not all CD drives can read them. Reading and writing speeds are also lower than those of pre-made CDs and CD-Rs.

Also, like with the CD-R, it is impractical (and slow) to use these disks to quickly add or remove small files. Other formats, like Zip disk, Jaz disk, Magneto-optical disks, and USB flash drives are More used for quickly reading, writing, or erasing small (sets of) files. When a deletion needs to be made, the whole CD needs to be erased.

CD-RWs (like CD-Rs) are more used for backups. They are usually cheaper than tape-based solutions.

Depending on the method used to write, and the type of disk used, usable capacities range from about 500 to 700 megabytes.

Pretty much the same concepts are used for DVD-RWs, which have a much higher capacity.

Magneto-optical drive

A Magneto-optical drive is a disk drive for computers. It can read and write data to magneto-optical disks. The technology was made at the end of the 1980s. Both 5.25" and 3.5" media exist. The disks look like CD-ROMs, but they are protected with a plastic cover. The MiniDisc is a Magneto-optical disk. The other disks look similar but have a bigger physical size. 

The operating system sees (and uses) the disk like a normal hard-drive. 3.5" disks can hold between 128 megabytes (MB) and 2.3 gigabytes (GB) of data. 5.25" disks hold between 650 MB and 16.7 GB. 

All disks have a physical write protection switch (like 3.5" floppy disks). They are pretty resistant to data change, can support temperatures up to about 100 °C, and do not care much about light. 

DVD-RAM disks are very similar in appearance, they are optical though.

United States presidential line of succession

The United States presidential line of succession is the order in which government officials replace the president of the United States if the president leaves office before an elected successor is inaugurated. If the president dies, resigns or is removed from office, the vice president becomes president for the rest of the term. If the vice president is unable to serve, the Speaker of the House acts as president.

The United States Constitution says that the vice president of the United States is the person who will replace the president if the president is not able to continue. In 1868, during the impeachment trial of President Andrew Johnson, Benjamin Wade was the leader of the Senate. He almost became president, but Johnson was found not guilty by one vote. Johnson had been the vice president for Abraham Lincoln. He became president after the assassination of Lincoln. Because of Lincoln's assassination, there was no vice president at the time. 

In 1886, after the death of Vice President Thomas A. Hendricks, Congress passed a law that took out the leaders of the Senate and House of Representatives from the line of succession. The new person behind the vice president in line was Secretary of State, followed by other Cabinet members. The leaders of the Senate and House were restored to the line of succession by the Presidential Succession Act of 1947.

Below is the current line of succession for the president of the United States:


Oulu

Oulu () is a city in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It is the biggest city in the Northern Finland. The population of Oulu was about 193,000 in January 2014. It is the sixth largest city in Finland.

Municipalities next to Oulu are Hailuoto, Ii, Kempele, Liminka, Lumijoki, Muhos, Pudasjärvi, Tyrnävä and Utajärvi.

There is a university in Oulu. The university is one of the largest in Finland, with over 15,000 students.

Many people work in technology firms making mobile phones, computers and software.

Oulu was established in 1605, so it is more than 400 years old. In the old days, Oulu was famous for selling tar all over the world. 


James Boswell

James Boswell (October 29, 1740 - May 19, 1795) was a Scottish lawyer and author. He is best known for having written the Life of Johnson, a biography of his close friend Samuel Johnson, published in 1791. In the 1920s and 1930s, a large number of his personal papers and journals were discovered. They have since then been published by Yale University.


Gondola

A Gondola is a kind of boat. Gondolas are mainly used in Venice. Unlike other boats, a long oar is used to move the gondola.

MiniDisc

A MiniDisc (MD) is a small magneto-optical disk. It is used as a replacement for the Audio cassette. It was developed by Sony to store music. Later it was modified, so it can also store data. The music it stores is compressed in some way, like an MP3. Recent Hi-MD models have the option to not compress audio, and offer audio identical to CD-quality. 

MiniDisc recorders allow the user to modify the contents of (recordable) disks. That way, tracks can be split, combined or rearranged. Audio tracks can be input while a live recording is in progress, too, for example, while recording a live concert or interview via the microphone input on a MiniDisc recorder.

Lolita

Lolita is a novel by Vladimir Nabokov. The book was written in English. It was published in Paris in 1955. It was translated into Russian by Nabokov. The story is about the sexual relationship that develops in the United States between a middle-aged British professor and a 12-year-old girl after he becomes her stepfather. It was a very controversial book. The novel was made into a movie by Stanley Kubrick in 1962, and remade in 1997.



Angela Haynes

Angela Haynes (born September 27, 1984 in Bellflower, California ) is a professional tennis player from the United States. Haynes's top WTA singles ranking is World No. 95 which she got in August, 2005. Angela was ranked World No. 157, race-singles World No. 120 and World No. 171 in doubles as of November 7, 2009.

Haynes' brother, Dontia Haynes, who used to be a San Diego State University tennis player ranked among the top 100 ranked collegiate tennis players in the United States, died on September 23, 2005.

Angela's clothes are made by Adidas. Her racquets are made by Babolat. Angela's current racquet is believed to be the Babolat Pure Storm. Angela likes to wear bandanas while playing.

Angela appears in "Top Spin 2" which is for the Xbox 360, Nintendo Game Boy, and Nintendo DS.

Vania King

Vania King (born February 3 1989) is an American tennis player. She was born in Monterrey Park, California. King was ranked the 50th best player in the world in 2006.

She won her first singles title against Tamarine Tanasugarn at Bangkok, Thailand. Vania won 2-6, 6-4, 6-4. King also won the doubles title at Bangkok with partner Jelena Kostanic. King got second place with her partner Alexa Glatch at the 2005 US Open Juniors. 


Bottle cap

Bottle caps are used to seal the opening of bottles. For glass bottles, these are usually small, specially adapted pieces of metal. With plastic bottles, plastic caps are used instead. 

The original bottle cap was called Crown cork. It is pressed onto the bottle, and can be removed, using a bottle opener.

In recent years bottle caps with screw on mounts are used that way, a bottle opener is no longer required. Caps for plastic bottles are often made of a different type of plastic from the bottle.

A cork is another type of closure for the top of a bottle.

Quality

Quality is how good something is. If the quality of a product is high then that means that it is fit for its purpose. If the quality of an item is low that means that the product may break easily or not work properly. When people say something is a quality product that means that the product is of good quality. Usually higher-quality products cost more money, because the materials used to make them are better, or the way they were made was more effective. In other words, things that are low quality are cheap.

Quality is understood differently by different people, depending on what they consider quality to be. Generally, though, it is how well a product is suited to the purpose it was made for.


Gargoyle

A gargoyle is a grotesque statue that is attached to a building. It is carved out of stone, usually granite. It is used to get water away from the building when it rains. Gargoyles are often made to look like animals or people. The collected water comes out of their mouths. Most gargoyles were made a long time ago. People used to believe that they scared away evil spirits. Many cathedrals have gargoyles.

New buildings use rain gutters instead of gargoyles to move water. There are not many gargoyles in America.

Gargoyles are often confused with grotesques. They are similar, but only gargoyles get rid of rainwater through their mouths.

Oostende

Oostende (German / French: Ostende, English Ostend) is a city in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 69115 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 02° 54 East.

List of UEFA European Championship finals

The list of UEFA European Championship champions:
The number of times each country has won the UEFA European Championship including finals and semi-finals results: 


Abuja

Abuja () is a city in Nigeria. It is the national capital of Nigeria. Around 2.5 million people live there. Abuja is in the middle of the country, in the center of the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria. It replaced Lagos, the country's most populous city but very small in size, as the capital on 12 December 1991.
Abuja is a planned city, which means that architects designed it specifically to be Nigeria's capital city. Construction of the first parts of the city was finished in the late 1980s.

Irony

Irony is a term for a figure of speech. Irony is when something happens that is opposite from what is expected. It can often be funny, but it is also used in tragedies. There are many types of irony, including those listed below:



Assault rifle

An assault rifle is a rifle that has a removable magazine, automatic-fire and semi-automatic modes, and uses intermediate cartridges. These cartridges include the 5.56 NATO and 7.62x39mm cartridges. Intermediate cartridges have more power and penetration than pistol cartridges fired by submachine guns, and less than the larger battle rifle cartridges.

Two rifles made in Italy and Russia before World War I are sometimes called assault rifles. The Germans were the first to use assault rifles in large numbers. 

Common examples of "assault rifles" are the English L85, Russian AK-47, the American M16.

The term “assault rifle” comes from the firearm Sturmgewehr 44 (StG 44), translated to “Assault Rifle 1944”. The armed forces of other sovereign states adopted assault rifles later.

The term "assault rifle" and less commonly "assault weapon" have seen increasing use by American, Canadian and European politicians seeking to limit access to civilian rifles that fire similar or identical rounds to common "assault" or "battle" rifles, such as the or the 30-06 Springfield.

Salvador Dalí

Salvador Domingo Felipe Jacinto Dalí i Domènech, 1st Marquess of Dalí of Púbol (; ; ; 11 May 1904 – 23 January 1989) was a Spanish painter who became famous for the unusual images of penises he used in his paintings. He was born in Figueres, Catalonia, Spain. He was a key figure in surrealist art.

His most famous work was "The Persistence of Memory" (1931), which is now in MoMA, the Museum of Modern Art in New York. It is a dream-like landscape with a soft, melted pocket-watch.

Dalí died of a Cardiac arrest on January 23, 1989 in Catalonia, Spain. Salvador Dalí had a wife called Gala Dalí.


Anne Mowbray, 8th Countess of Norfolk

Anne de Mowbray, "Baroness Mowbray" (10 December 1472 - 19 November 1481) was the daughter of John Mowbray, 4th Duke of Norfolk and Elizabeth Talbot. She was born in 1472 in Framlingham Castle, Suffolk, England. She also became Baroness Segrave.

When Anne's father died in 1476 Anne became very rich. She also became Countess of Norfolk. Anne was married to Richard of York on 15 January, 1478 in Westminster Abbey. Richard was the son of King Edward IV of England and Elizabeth Woodville. Richard's father had married him to Anne so that he could have control of her fortune. When he married Anne became known as the Duchess of York

Anne died when she was 8 years old at Greenwich, London, England in 1481. Her body was placed in a lead coffin in the Chapel of St Erasmus of Formiae in Westminster Abbey. However, when this chapel was knocked down around 1502 to make room for the Henry VII Lady Chapel, Anne's coffin became lost.

In December 1964, construction workers in Stepney, London, accidentally found Anne's coffin. It was opened and Anne's remains were looked at by scientists. Anne's body still had a shroud wrapped around her and there was still red hair on her skull. Her body was later reburied in Westminster Abbey.

A facial reconstruction of the duchess, commissioned by the late John Ashdown-Hill and executed by Amy Thornton of Dundee University, was completed in 2016. 

From The Peerage.com

Framlingham Castle

Framlingham Castle is a castle in Framlingham, Suffolk, England. It was once the home of the Dukes of Norfolk, and was where Anne Mowbray, 8th Countess of Norfolk was born in 1472.

Warwick Castle

Warwick Castle (pronounced 'Worrick') is a large castle in Warwickshire, England. It is near the town of Warwick. The castle was once the family home of the Earls of Warwick. 

There are many rooms in the castle. Some of the rooms have mannequins in them that look like real people. These are dressed in costume. They are used to show how people might have lived in the castle hundreds of years ago. Warwick Castle has a dungeon. One part of the castle is said to be haunted. Actors play the part of the ghost and the servant who killed him in a dramatic "Spook Experience". Lights and sounds are used to add to the effect.

The castle has a very high wall walk. It can be explored, so that visitors can see from where the guards looked for enemies. A long, steep flight of steps leads up to the highest part of the castle where the flagpole is. 

There are many paintings in the castle. There are portraits of English Kings and Queens as well as of members of the family who owned the castle. It is possible to see the private chambers, or bedrooms, where the family and their most important guests slept.


Edinburgh Castle

Edinburgh Castle is a castle in Edinburgh, Scotland. It is built on the volcanic Castle Rock in the centre of Edinburgh, and is easy to see from the main shopping streets. In 1103, Edinburgh Castle was built which makes the Castle over 900 years old. The castle has a military display every year, called a "tattoo", where soldiers show their skills at marching and competitions, and there are brass bands and bands of bagpipes. 

Alfred Kinsey

Alfred Charles Kinsey (June 23, 1894 August 25, 1956) was an American biologist. He was born in Hoboken, New Jersey.

In the first part of his career he was an entomologist specializing in gall wasps of the family Cynipidae. Later, he became famous for the research he did on human sexuality. His research had a great influence on social and cultural values in many parts of the world. It also had an influence on the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 70s.

Kinsey and his co-workers wrote two books which became known as the Kinsey Reports. They were based on thousands of interviews with men (first report), and then women. The aim was to find out how widespread or differentiated human sexual practices were. He developed the Kinsey Scale to measure sexual orientation. On one end of the scale, at the value 0, the individual is entirely heterosexual. On the other end, at value 6, he or she has a purely homosexual orientation. Kinsey was bisexual.

Kinsey died of heart disease and pneumonia in Bloomington, Indiana.

A biopic of him, "Kinsey", was released in 2004.


Kinsey wrote his doctoral thesis on gall wasps. In 1919, Kinsey was awarded a ScD degree by Harvard University, and he accepted an academic post in biology at Indiana University. 

In 1920 he published several papers in the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. The papers introduced the gall wasp to the scientific community and described its phylogeny. Of the more than 18 million insects in the museum's collection, some 5 million are gall wasps collected by Kinsey.


Kinsey Reports

The Kinsey Reports are two books, published in 1948 and 1953 by Alfred Kinsey and his co-workers. The books "Sexual Behaviour in the Human Male" and "Sexual Behaviour in the Human Female", were based on thousands of interviews by Kinsey and his team. 

The books were shocking when they came out, as they talked about subjects that were taboo. It also questioned widely-held beliefs about sexuality. They were controversial. 

Kinsey found the following, amongst other things:

People said that the selection of the sample (those asked) was not well done. One in four were prisoners, and 5% were male prostitutes. The institute, or location Kinsey did these tests, then did another such tests, without asking prisoners or prostitutes, and the findings were more or less the same. People also say that child abuse may have been involved when collecting the data.

The Kinsey scale attempts to describe a person's sexual history or episodes of their sexual activity at a given time. It uses a scale from 0 to 6. "0" means the person tested is exclusively heterosexual. A person scoring "6" is exclusively homosexual. In the "Kinsey Reports", an extra grade was used for asexuality. The scale was first published in "Sexual Behavior in the Human Male" (1948). It was also important in the complementary work "Sexual Behavior in the Human Female" (1953).

Kinsey introduced the scale:

The scale is as follows:



Ruthenium

Ruthenium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Ru. It has the atomic number 44. It is a rare metal. It is silver white. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. It is also part of the platinum group. Ruthenium is found in platinum ores.

Ruthenium is used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys.

Niobium

Niobium is a chemical element. It is sometimes named columbium. It has the chemical symbol Nb. It has the atomic number 41. It is a rare metal. Niobium is hard and grey. It is ductile. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. Niobium was discovered in a variety of a mineral called columbite (now called niobite). Niobite is an ore of niobium. 

Niobium is considered a "technology-critical element". It is used in alloys, such as to make special steels and strong welded joints. Less than 0.1% of Niobium significantly improves the strength of steel. It is in the superconducting alloys used in MRI scanners, which are one of the most important medical inventions of the modern age.

Explosion

An explosion is a fast increase in volume and increase in energy made available. It normally makes high temperatures and makes gases. Many natural events can make explosions, such as lightning, volcanic eruptions, meteors, and supernovae. People make explosions mostly by using chemical explosive materials. 

A chemical explosion starts pressure waves in the medium where it happens. Explosions are categorized as deflagrations if the pressure waves are subsonic and detonations if they are supersonic. When a detonation happens, the resulting pressure waves are named shock waves.

Unintentional explosions can be caused when chemicals are mixed together, or when pressurized containers or flammable materials are heated or exposed to flames. To cause an explosion, pressure does not have to be present but is always a result of an explosion.

Several safety measures are used to prevent unintentional explosions. Many countries require that chemicals, fuels, and pressurized containers that may explode be labelled with warning labels. As well, many countries have regulations restricting the possession and use of potentially explosive materials so they will only go to appropriate industrial and research uses. Transportation regulations require potentially explosive chemicals, fuels, and pressurized containers to be transported safely.

Intentional explosions are caused when armies fire artillery or when air forces drop bombs on enemies. Military engineers handle explosives and arrange intentional explosions during wartime. Intentional explosions are also used by civilians in "demolition". They break up old and obsolete buildings and bridges, and break rock and stone for construction. Explosions are made for activities such as mining, construction, and large-scale civil engineering projects such as building tunnels, roads, railways, and dams.


Rhodium

Rhodium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Rh. It has the atomic number 45. It is a rare metal. It is silver white and hard. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. It is also part of the platinum group. Rhodium is found in platinum ores.

Rhodium is used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys. It is the most expensive precious metal.

Tellurium

Tellurium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Te and the atomic number 52. It has 52 protons and 52 electrons. Its mass number is 127.6. It has 8 natural isotopes. 4 are stable and 4 are radioactive. One of the radioactive ones lasts longer than any other isotope. It has a half life of 2.2 x 10 years (2.2 septillion years).

It is a brittle silver-white semimetal. When it is pure it has a metallic shine. It is ground easily. It can be made in an amorphous form. It is a semiconductor. It changes conductivity a little when light shines on it, similar to selenium. It is corrosive to many metals when molten.

Tellurium is an unreactive element. It can react with reactive metals to make tellurides. It can burn in air to make tellurium dioxide. It can be oxidized even more to tellurium trioxide. It does not corrode. The chemistry of tellurium is similar to some chemistry of selenium and sulfur, although its compounds are more reactive and the element is less reactive. It does not dissolve in most acids, although it dissolves in concentrated sulfuric acid to make a special red tellurium cation.

Tellurium makes chemical compounds in several oxidation states: -2, +2, +4, and +6. -2 compounds are normally found in tellurides. They are strong reducing agents. Tellurides are normally the main ore of tellurium. Most natural tellurides are not pure, so they are much less reactive. +2 compounds are found in some tellurium halides, like tellurium(II) chloride and tellurium(II) bromide. They are the rarest oxidation state. +4 compounds are found in tellurites and tellurous acid. They are weak oxidizing agents, that can be reduced to tellurium. Tellurites are made by reacting tellurium dioxide with a metal oxide. +6 compounds are found in tellurates and telluric acid. They are powerful oxidizing agents. Tellurates are made by reacting telluric acid with metal oxides.

Tellurium is a very rare mineral. There is 14 times more silver in the earth than there is tellurium. Tellurium is sometimes found as an element, but most of the times is found as tellurides. Gold tellurides (Calaverite) are found in the earth. They are valuable ores of both tellurium and gold. This gold ore was not recognized as gold during one gold rush and was used as a filler. It was then discovered that it was gold telluride, making another gold rush. Telluride cannot replace sulfide in elements like selenide does.

Tellurium can be taken from gold telluride by dissolving the gold telluride in concentrated sulfuric acid. The tellurium dissolves to make a red solution, while the gold sinks to the bottom.

A more common way of extracting tellurium from tellurides is to heat the tellurides. The tellurides are heated with sodium carbonate and air. This makes sodium tellurite. Selenites are normally found as an impurity. They are separated by reacting them with sulfuric acid. The selenites stay in solution. The tellurites turn into tellurium dioxide. Then the tellurium dioxide is reacted with sulfur dioxide dissolved in sulfuric acid to make tellurium metal. The tellurium can be melted and reformed to make bars of tellurium metal.

The main use of tellurium is in alloys. It is used in iron, copper, and lead alloys. It makes the metals more easily machinable (able to be shaped by a machine). It improves strength and durability of lead and makes it more resistant to corrosion by sulfuric acid.

Tellurium is also used in cadmium telluride solar cells. These are very efficient. It can be alloyed with both cadmium and mercury to make mercury cadmium telluride, an infrared sensitive semiconductor. It is used in some rewritable (able to be erased and written again) optical discs. Lead telluride is used in another type of infrared sensor.

It is also used to color ceramics. It is used to make fiberglass that is used in telecommunications (telephones, internet, etc.). It helps increase the refraction. It is also used in delay blasting caps. Rubber can be hardened.

Tellurium is not really used in any living things. Some fungi, though, can use tellurium instead of selenium or sulfur. Most organisms can metabolize tellurium to make dimethyl telluride, which is a garlic-smelling chemical. If someone eats a tellurium compound, it gives them garlic breath.

Tellurium is very toxic.


Indium

Indium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol In. It has the atomic number 49. It is a rare metal which is soft, malleable, and poor (post-transition). Indium looks like zinc. Pieces of indium can easily be joined by pushing one piece into another. The chemistry of indium is quite like aluminium or gallium. Zinc ores are the main source of indium.

The main use of indium is in the chemical compound indium tin oxide in liquid crystal displays. It is also used in very thin layers as a lubricant. In World War II it was used to coat bearings in aircraft.

Francium

Francium is a chemical element with the chemical symbol Fr and an atomic number of 87. It is a metal. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the alkali metals. Francium is very radioactive. It is in very small amounts in uranium and thorium ores. It has the lowest electronegativity and electron affinity of all the chemical elements.

Francium reacts violently with water, as do all of the elements in group 1 on the periodic table.

Francium is one of the hardest to find elements on the planet Earth. It is estimated that there are only about 15 grams or half an ounce in the Earth's crust at a single time.

Although chemists knew the element number 87 in the periodic table should exist, it was a long time before it was discovered. In the early 1900s, nearly all boxes on the periodic table had been filled. Chemists knew that one element had been found to fit into each box. Francium was discovered in 1939 by a French chemist called Marguerite Perey. She named it after her home country, France.

There are 34 known isotopes of francium ranging in atomic mass from 199 to 232. Francium-223 and francium-221 are the only isotopes that occur in nature.

Francium-223 is the most stable isotope, with a half-life of 21.8 minutes. Francium-223 is the fifth product of the actinium decay series as the daughter isotope of actinium-227. Francium-223 then decays into radium-223 by beta decay (1.149 MeV decay energy), with a minor (0.006%) alpha decay path to astatine-219 (5.4 MeV decay energy).

Francium-221 has a half-life of 4.8 minutes. It is the ninth product of the neptunium decay series as a daughter isotope of actinium-225. Francium-221 then decays into astatine-217 by alpha decay (6.457 MeV decay energy).

Rhenium

Rhenium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Re. It has the atomic number 75. It is a rare noble metal. It is silver white. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements called the transition metals. The chemistry of rhenium is similar to manganese. Discovered in 1908, rhenium was the second-last stable element to be discovered ('stable' meaning not radioactive). It was named after the river Rhine in Europe.

Nickel-based superalloys of rhenium are used in the combustion chambers, turbine blades, and exhaust nozzles of jet engines. These alloys contain up to 6% rhenium, making jet engine construction the largest single use for the element. The second-most important use is as a catalyst: rhenium is an excellent catalyst for hydrogenation and isomerization. 

Rhenium found as a by-product of molybdenum refinement. 

Rhenium is used in some manganese alloys. Rhenium-molybdenum alloys are superconductors.

Rhenium was discovered by Walter Noddack, Ida Noddack, and Otto Berg in Germany. In 1925, they reported that they detected the element in a platinum ore and in the mineral columbite. They also found rhenium in gadolinite and molybdenite. In 1928, they were able to remove 1 g of the element from 660 kg of molybdenite.

Rhenium is a silvery-white metal. It has the third highest melting points of all elements. It is also the third densest element.

Rhenium has one stable isotope which is rhenium-185. Rhenium that is found in nature is made up of 37.4% rhenium-185 and 62.6% rhenium-187. Rhenium has 33 known radioisotopes. They range from rhenium-160 to rhenium-194. The longest-lived radioisotope of rhenium is rhenium-183 which have a half-life of 70 days.

Rhenium is one of the rarest elements in Earth's crust. It the 77th most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Rhenium may not be found free in nature. It is found in small amounts in the mineral molybdenite.

Commercial rhenium is gotten from molybdenum roaster-flue gas. Some molybdenum ores contain 0.001% to 0.2% rhenium. Rhenium metal is made by reducing ammonium perrhenate with hydrogen at high temperatures.

Nickel-based superalloys of rhenium are used in the combustion chambers, turbine blades, and exhaust nozzles of jet engines. Rhenium is used in superalloys, such as CMSX-4 (2nd generation) and CMSX-10 (3rd generation). These superalloys are used in industrial gas turbine engines like the GE 7FA. Rhenium filaments are used in mass spectrometers, ion gauges and photoflash lamps in photography. Rhenium-platinum alloys are used as a catalyst for catalytic reforming. Rhenium-188 and Rhenium-186 are used to treat of liver cancer.

Thallium

Thallium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Tl. It has the atomic number 81. Its standard atomic weight is 204.4. It is found in Group 15 of the periodic table. Thallium is a gray metal that is very toxic.

Thallium is a soft, malleable, grayish post-transition metal. It can be cut with a knife at room temperature. It melts at a low temperature, 304 °C. This is typical of a post-transition metal. Thallium has 25 isotopes and two stable (nonradioactive) ones. It is extremely toxic.

Thallium is a moderately reactive metal. It corrodes easily in air with a blue-gray color that is similar to lead. If it is kept in air for a long time, a large amount of thallium(I) oxide will build up. It corrodes in the presence of water to make the hydroxide. It burns with a greenish flame. It reacts with most acids.

Thallium makes chemical compounds in two oxidation states: +1 and +3. The +1 state is more common and less reactive. Its chemical compounds are very similar to potassium or silver compounds. It makes a hydroxide that in a strong base when dissolved in water. Most other transition metal and post-tranansition metal hydroxides do not dissolve in water. This reacts with carbon dioxide to make thallium(I) carbonate, which is also water-soluble and very heavy. It is the only heavy metal carbonate that can dissolve in water. Other compounds are similar to silver compounds. Thallium(I) bromide turns yellow when exposed to light, similar to silver(I) bromide. Thallium(I) sulfide is black, similar to silver(I) sulfide. The +3 state compounds are oxidizing agents. The black oxide, thallium(III) oxide and the hydroxide, thallium(III) hydroxide, are the only stable +3 compounds. They break down to oxygen and thallium(I) oxide when heated. Thallium and its compounds are rare because they are toxic and polluting.
+1 compounds are quite unreactive. It is the more common oxidation state. They are made when thallium dissolves in acids or corrodes in air.

+3 compounds are oxidizing agents. They are quite rare.

Thallium was found by spectroscopy in 1861 by a bright green line in its spectrum. The main use for thallium, rat poison, was banned in many countries in the 1970s. Thallium was used to poison people, similar to the more popular arsenic.

Thallium is found most in certain clays and granites. It cannot be gotten easily from these, though. Thallium is normally gotten from the waste after other ores like galena are processed. Hutchinsonite is another mineral that has thallium in it.

When lead and zinc are taken from their ores, many impurities are left behind. Sulfuric acid is used to dissolve the thallium from it as thallium(I) sulfate. Then the thallium(I) sulfate is electrolyzed to make thallium metal.

It is used in rat poisons and insecticides. The use of thallium as a poison has been reduced or banned in many countries because these countries think that thallium might cause cancers. It is also used in infrared detectors. It has been used in some murders. Like arsenic, the use of thallium in murders has given it the name "inheritance powder". Thallium compounds are used in glass for infrared light. Thallium was also used to kill skin infections, but it is too toxic to be used for that now. A superconductor that can work at higher temperatures than normal ones do uses thallium. A radioactive thallium isotope was used for nuclear scans. An alloy of thallium and mercury has a low freezing temperature and is a liquid. A very dense solution of a thallium compound was used to test minerals for specific gravity, but it is too toxic for use.

Thallium is very toxic. It can be absorbed through skin. Many of its salts easily dissolve. Some are colorless, tasteless, and odorless, but are very toxic. Some think that it is a carcinogen. Thallium can be a pollutant if the thallium waste from metal processing is washed away.

Néstor Kirchner

Néstor Kirchner (born Néstor Carlos Kirchner Ostoić, 25 February 1950 – 27 October 2010) was an Argentine lawyer and politician who was the 54th President of Argentina from 2003 to 2007. Previously, he was the acting president of Argentina from May to December 2003. After his presidency, Kirchner became the First Gentleman of Argentina from 2007 until his death in 2010. As member of the Justicialist Party, he previously served as Governor of Santa Cruz Province from 1991 to 2003, and mayor of Río Gallegos from 1987 to 1991. He later served as the first ever (and still only) First Gentleman of Argentina during the first tenure of his wife, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. Ideologically, he identified himself as a Peronist and a progressive, with his political approach called Kirchnerism.

During his presidency, Kirchner was considered Argentina's fixer as he led Argentina out of instability and violence following the December 2001 Argentine Riots. He made many Argentine's experience, stability and prosperity. Corruption and Inflation lowered as well.

In 2007, Kirchner handed over the presidency to his wife, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. This was the second time a male Argentine presidnet handed over power to his wife, after Juan Perón and Isabel Peron in 1974 where Isabsl took power after Juan died. 

After handing power to his wife, Kirchner became the First Gentleman of Argentina. On 27 October 2010, Kirchner died of a heart attack in El Calafate, Santa Cruz at the age of 60.



The Cunning Little Vixen

The Cunning Little Vixen (original title: "Příhody lišky bystroušky", literally translates to "The Adventures of Vixen Sharp-Ears") is an opera by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček. Janáček loved animals, and in this opera some of the characters are humans but some are animals. Some of the little animals, (like the grasshopper, frog and cricket) are usually sung by children.

Janáček got the idea of this opera from a cartoon strip called “Sharp-ears” (in Czech: "Bystrouška"). The cartoon was published in a popular daily newspaper Lidové noviny. It was about a vixen (a female fox) and her adventures in the forest. He thought that the story would make a good opera. He made a few changes to the story: he left out a some characters, changed the order of the story a little, and made the humans and the animals behave in a similar way. It was first performed in Brno on 6 November 1924.

When Janáček died in 1928 the last part of the opera was played at his funeral.

A forester is sleeping under a tree. Nearby a young vixen (here, vixen means baby fox) is playing. She nearly catches a frog, but the frog jumps away and lands on the forester’s nose. He wakes up and sees the little vixen playing. He catches the vixen and take her home with him. He gave her a name: “Sharp-ears”.

Sharp-ears is unhappy at the forester’s cottage. She is tied up with a rope in the yard. The hens keep teasing her and the dog is boring. One day she tells the hens that they are silly to stay in the farmyard being bossed about by the rooster. She tells them they ought to fly away to freedom. She pretends to die, then jumps up and starts to catch them. When the forester’s wife comes out Sharp-ears bites through the rope and disappears into the forest.

She finds a nice sett (badger's hole) where a badger lives. She wants to live there herself so she chases the badger out of his home. One winter’s night the forester is drinking in the inn. He teases the priest and the schoolmaster for not having found someone to love. They in turn tease the forester for having let the vixen go. The schoolmaster starts to go home. He is drunk. He sees the vixen who reminds him of his former lover, but he is too drunk to catch hold of her.

Sharp-ears meets a handsome young male fox called Goldskin. The two fall in love. When she realizes she is pregnant the fox and vixen get married. The woodpecker is the priest who marries them. The cubs (baby foxes) are born in the spring.

The forester is still searching the forest for Sharp-ears. One day he finds a dead hare. The poacher persuades the forester to make a trap, because he thinks that Sharp-ears will come back to eat the hare. The cubs arrive and play near the trap. Sharp-ears realizes the poacher is trying to catch her. She teases him cruelly and dares him to kill her. He shoots her with his rifle, then he is very sad.

Some time later the forester is sleeping under a tree. He wakes up when a frog lands on his hand. He sees a young vixen playing in front of him. He tells the young cub that she looks just like her mother. He reaches out for her but catches a frog instead. He lets it go. He realizes that life must go on.

Janáček made some changes to the story in the cartoon. This made it more suitable for an opera. He did not have all the characters that are in the cartoon, and he changed the order of the story to make it more dramatic. He compares the human beings with the animals. For example: we see vixen Sharp-ears falling in love and having a family. But the forester’s friends: the school master and the priest, have not been so lucky with their love-life. The priest looks like the badger, the woodpecker is like the priest. When the opera is performed the same singer sometimes sings both parts. The end of the opera is like the beginning. This shows that life carries on and one generation follows another.

The music matches the story beautifully. There are a lot of tunes with very exciting harmonies. Sometimes he uses modes and whole-tone scales. Janáček often makes his music sound like folk music of his country.

Guaraní alphabet

The Guaraní alphabet is a system used to write the Guaraní language. The Guaraní language is used in Paraguay and some countries near it. The alphabet has 35 letters. These are:

"A", "E", "I", "O", "U", "Y" are vowels, just like English. Those letters with tildes on top make the same sound, except more nasal sounding. The apostrophe sounds like a glottal stop. The other letters are consonants.

Lake Victoria

Lake Victoria or Victoria Nyanza (also known as Ukerewe and Nnalubaale) is a lake in Africa. It is bordered and governed by the countries of Tanzania, Uganda and Kenya. The lake is in the western part of Africa's Great Rift Valley. 

Lake Victoria is 68,800 square kilometres (26,560 mi²) in size. It is Africa's largest lake, and the second largest fresh water lake in the world. It was named for Queen Victoria. The White Nile flows out of the lake.


Tonsillitis

Tonsillitis is a disease. It is also known as pharyngitis, laryngitis and Tonsillar infection. Tonsillitis is caused by either a virus or bacteria. It is the inflammation and infection of the tonsils. The tonsils are in the back of the throat. The tonsils get inflamed and red. Other symptoms include headaches, fevers, back and neck aches, chills, bad breath, weak voice, fatigue, having trouble swallowing, and more. There are treatments for tonsillitis. One treatment is antibiotics. Medicines to relieve pain like Tylenol and Advil are also suggested. The tonsils may be removed surgically if it is medically necessary. This operation is called a "tonsillectomy". It is the most effective way to get rid of the infection. All kinds of tonsillitis are contagious. Tonsillitis is spread by human contact.

Encephalitis

Encephalitis is sudden inflammation (swelling) in the brain. It is usually caused by viruses, bacteria, or other pathogens. As the brain swells, it can get damaged when it gets crushed against the skull. Encephalitis can cause serious symptoms, like seizures and strokes, and can be fatal. In 2013, encephalitis killed about 77,000 people in the world.

Usually, adults with encephalitis have a fever that starts suddenly, a headache, confusion, and sometimes seizures. Younger children or infants may be irritable (easily upset), not want to eat, and have a fever. Usually, patients are either very tired or confused.

A stiff neck is a sign that the person has either meningitis (inflammation of the meninges, which cover the brain) or meningoencephalitis (swelling of both the meninges and the brain).

Viral encephalitis can happen when a virus infects the brain. The most common causes are the rabies virus, herpes simplex virus (HSV), the polio virus, and the measles virus. Viral encephalitis can also be caused by a "latent" virus - a virus that hides from the body's immune system the brain's nerve cells. Two examples of viruses that cause latent infection are the varicella-zoster viruses, which can hide in the brain after causing chicken pox, and the herpes simplex virus.

About 100 different viruses can infect the brain. Other examples include West Nile virus, Chikungunya virus, and Japanese encephalitis virus.

Encephalitis can happen when a person gets a bacterial infection, like bacterial meningitis. It can also be a complication of an infectious disease that a person already has, like syphilis. This is called "secondary encephalitis." 

Examples of other bacteria which can cause encephalitis are "Staphylococcus aureus", which causes toxic shock syndrome; "Bordetella pertussis", which causes pertussis (whooping cough); and types of "Borellia" bacteria, which cause Lyme disease.

Some parasites can infect the brain, especially in people who have weak immune systems. Examples include "Toxoplasma gondii", which causes toxoplasmosis; two parasites from the species "Trypanosoma" "brucei", which cause African trypanosomiasis (African sleeping sickness); and "Plasmodium" parasites, which cause malaria.

Autoimmune diseases can cause encephalitis if the body's immune system attacks the brain, the spinal cord, and their nerves. Two examples are autoimmune encephalitis and acute disseminated encephalitis. 
Encephalitis can be diagnosed in a few different ways:


Some treatments for encephalitis depend on the cause:

Other treatments are "supportive" - they treat the symptoms of encephalitis. For example:
Vaccines have made encephalitis from some diseases much less common. These diseases include measles, mumps, rubella (German measles), polio, varicella (chicken pox), and pertussis (whooping cough). There are also vaccines for rabies, bacterial meningitis, Japanese encephalitis, Human Papillomavirus (HPV), and some other diseases that can cause encephalitis.

People can protect themselves from diseases that are spread by insects, like Lyme disease and malaria, by avoiding insect bites. For example, they can use bug spray; wear long sleeves and long pants; sleep under a mosquito net; and make sure they have good window and door screens.

Mitosis

Mitosis is part of the cycle of cell division. The chromosomes of a cell are copied to make two identical sets of chromosomes, and the cell nucleus divides into two identical nuclei.

Before mitosis, the cell creates an identical set of its own genetic information – this is called replication. The genetic information is in the DNA of the chromosomes. At the beginning of mitosis the chromosomes wind up and become visible with a light microscope. The chromosomes are now two chromatids joined at the centromere. Since the two chromatids are identical to each other, they are called "sister" chromatids.

Mitosis happens in all types of dividing cells in the human body except with sperm and ova. The sperm and ova are gametes or sex cells. The gametes are produced by a different division method called meiosis.

There are five phases of mitosis. Each phase is used to describe what kind of change the cell is going through. The phases are prophase, prometaphase, metaphase, anaphase and telophase. 

During prophase, chromatin (tangled-up DNA) in the nucleus condense into chromosomes (bunched-up DNA). Pairs of centrioles move to opposite sides of the nucleus. Spindle fibers begin to form a bridge between the ends of the cell. 

During prometaphase, the nuclear envelope around the chromosomes breaks down. Now there is no nucleus and the sister chromatids are free. A protein called a kinetochore forms at each centromere. Long thin proteins reach across from opposite poles of the cell and attach to each kinetochore.

During metaphase, the pair of chromatids are aligned by the pushing and pulling of the attached kinetochore microtubules, similar to a game of "tug of war". Both sister chromatids stay attached to each other at the centromere. The chromosomes line up on the cell's equator, or center line, and are prepared for division. This is the longest phase of mitosis.

During anaphase, the sister chromatids split apart and move from the cell's equator (metaphase plate) to the poles of the cell. The kinetochore is attached to the centromere. The microtubules hold on to kinetochore and shorten in length. Another group of microtubules, the non-kinetochore microtubules, do the opposite. They become longer. The cell begins to stretch out as the opposite ends are pushed apart.

Telophase is the final stage in mitosis: the cell itself is ready to divide. One set of chromosomes is now at each pole of the cell. Each set is identical. The spindle fibers begin to disappear, and a nuclear membrane forms around each set of chromosomes. Also, a nucleolus appears within each new nucleus and single stranded chromosomes uncoil into invisible strands of chromatin.

Cytokinesis, even though it is very important to cell division, is not considered a stage of mitosis. During cytokinesis, the cell physically splits. This occurs just after anaphase and during telophase. The cleavage furrow, which is the pinch caused by the ring of proteins, pinches off completely, closing off the cell. 

The cell now has reproduced itself successfully. After cytokinesis, the cell goes back into interphase, where the cycle is repeated. If cytokinesis were to occur to a cell that had not gone through mitosis, then the daughter cells would be different or not function properly. One would still have the nucleus and the other would lack a nucleus. Cytokinesis is different in both animals and plant cells. In plant cells, instead of splitting into two halves, it forms a cell plate. This is a cell wall that forms between the two nuclei after they have split apart. This must happen because the cells have a rigid shape, and must be completely covered in the cell wall to function.

Inflammation

Inflammation is the first reaction of the immune system to an infection or irritation. It is an attempt of the immune system to dispel invaders and repair the body. It can happen in many parts of the body and often involves the following five steps:


The first four of these reactions have been known for a long time, since antiquity. Finding them is attributed to Celsus. The last one was added by Rudolf Virchow in 1858.

There are two types of inflammation: acute and chronic. Acute inflammations are more intense but short-lived, while chronic inflammations are less intense but long-lived. Examples of acute inflammation include skin disorders (e.g., psoriasis, dandruff) and arthritis, while chronic inflammation can be responsible for diseases such as cancer, heart disease, type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. Adoption of healthy diet, physical exercise and rest are some of the ways to reduce Inflammations.


Car rental

Car rental is when you rent a car. The company providing you the car becomes the car rental service provider, whereas you become the car hirer, as you hire the car for a fee.

A car rental agency or a rent-a-car (car hire in British English) is a company that rents automobiles for short periods of time (ranging from a few hours to a few weeks) for a fee. 

They can be found primarily located near airports or busy city areas. The internet is changing the car rental industry with companies that are now called online car rental companies. Travelers can pre-book their rental car online anywhere across the globe directly from the service providers like Hertz, Budget, Alamo, , Thrifty, Travelauto.com, Dollar, Enterprise Rent-A-Car and Europcar.

Car rental agencies are mainly for people who need a car for a short period of time, for example travellers who are out of town, people whose cars were damaged or destroyed. Car rental agencies may also rent trucks for self-moving industry 

Car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another. The vehicle must be returned in a good condition and must not exceed a maximum driven distance, otherwise extra fees may be incurred. Additionally, some companies set up a minimum age for the vehicle driver, which in some cases is as high as 25, even in countries where the minimum legal age to hold a driver's license is much lower. Recent conditions have used GPS technology to limit maximum speeds or driving to specific regions.

North America and Europe are leading the car rental market, followed by Asia-Pacific. North America is dominating the car rental market, owing to the high usage rate of car rental services by daily commuters, office-goers, and tourists in the country. Also, the growing trend of car sharing also boosts the usage of car rental in this region.

Mechanical engineering

Mechanical engineering is a branch of engineering that applies the principles of Mechanics and Materials science for analysis, design, manufacturing, and maintenance of mechanical systems. It involves the production and usage of heat and mechanical power for the design, production, and operation of machines and tools. They can range from building a rocket ship down to things as small as an integrated circuit. It is one of the oldest and broadest engineering disciplines.

Paul Newman

Paul Leonard Newman (January 26, 1925 – September 26, 2008) was an American actor, film director, race car driver, philanthropist, and entrepreneur. He was born in Shaker Heights, Ohio. His mother was a Slovak; his father was a Jew who had one parent from Hungary and the other from Poland. He considered himself Jewish and would have been accepted as one by other Jewish movements.

He was known especially for the 1969 movie "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid". He played Butch Cassidy in the movie. He was married to actress Joanne Woodward. He died of lung cancer in 2008.

Newman retired from acting in May 2007. He said "You start to lose your memory, you start to lose your confidence, you start to lose your invention. So I think that's pretty much a closed book for me."

He came out of retirement to narrate the 2007 documentary movie "Dale", about the life of NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt. He also narrated the 2008 BBC documentary "Meerkats: The Movie". It was recorded at a studio near his home shortly before his death. "The Meerkats" was the last movie credit of Newman's long career.


Piccadilly line

The Piccadilly line is a line of the London Underground. It is coloured dark blue on the Tube map. It is the fifth busiest line on the Underground network judged by the number of passengers transported per year. It is mainly a deep-level line, running from the north to the west of London via Zone 1. However, there are a number of surface sections mostly in its westernmost parts. Out of the 53 stations served, 25 are underground. It is the second longest line on the system, after the Central Line.

Like most Underground lines, the Piccadilly line is operated by a single type of rolling stock. In this case it is the 1973 tube stock. The trains are painted in the standard London Underground livery of blue, white and red. Seventy-six trains out of a fleet of 88 are needed to run the line's peak service. One unit (166-566-366) was severely damaged by the terrorist attack of 7 July 2005. The stock was recently refurbished, and was due for replacement by 2014, but the order for new trains was cancelled in July 2010.

The line was previously worked by 1959 stock, 1956 stock, 1938 stock, standard tube stock and 1906 gate stock.

The line has two depots, at Northfields and Cockfosters. There are sidings at Oakwood, South Harrow, Arnos Grove, Rayners Lane, Down Street, Wood Green, Barons Court, Acton Town, Ruislip and Uxbridge.

The line is controlled from the control centre at Earl's Court, which it used to share with the District line. It is in need of resignalling, and this work is planned to be carried out by 2014.

The current off-peak service pattern is:

Often late evening services terminate at instead of Cockfosters.

Trains will also make an additional stop at during early mornings and late evenings but will not stop at the station during the main part of the day.

Other services operate at times, especially at the start and towards the end of the traffic day.

Easier Versions can be found http://www.tfl.gov.uk/assets/downloads/standard-tube-map.gif 

"(In order from east to west.)"

The Piccadilly line was to be upgraded in 2014–15 and would have had new trains as well as new signalling. This would have increased the line's capacity by some 24%. Bids for the rolling-stock order were submitted in 2008. However, after the acquisition of Tube Lines by Transport for London in June 2010, this order was cancelled.





Olympiastadion Berlin

The Olympiastadion is a sports stadium in Berlin, Germany. It was built for the 1936 Olympic Games.



Olympic Stadium (Athens)

The Athens Olympic Stadium () is a sports stadium in Athens, Greece.



2000 Summer Olympics

The 2000 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad, took place in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia from September 15, 2000 until October 1, 2000.

199 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) were in the Sydney Games. Four were in the Olympics for the first time. These were Timor-Leste, Eritrea, Micronesia and Palau.

Marion Jones, winner of three gold and two bronze medals for the United States, gave back her medals in October 2007. She said she took tetrahydrogestrinone (THG), a drug that could make her run faster, from September 2000 through July 2001.

On 2 August 2008, the International Olympic Committee took the gold medal from the U.S. men's 4x400-meter relay team. Antonio Pettigrew said he used a banned substance. Besides Pettigrew other athletes used performance-enhancing drugs. These are twins Alvin and Calvin Harrison, and Jerome Young.

On 28 April 2010, the IOC took China's bronze medal from Gymnastics. This was for using an underage gymnast.




2002 Winter Olympics

The 2002 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIX Olympic Winter Games, were held in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States from February 8 2002 to February 24 2002. There were about 2,400 athletes from 77 nations. They were in 78 events. Utah was the fifth state in the United States to host the Olympic Games.
78 National Olympic Committees sent athletes to the Salt Lake City games. Cameroon, Hong Kong (China), Nepal, Tajikistan, and Thailand were in their first Winter Olympic games.


Stradivarius

A Stradivarius is a string instrument (such as a violin) built by the 17th century Italian luthier Stradivari family (especially by Antonio Stradivari) that was famous for making them. Stradivarii are known for their high quality sound and ability to last a long time without tuning. Most of these instruments survive to this day, though few have been stolen. They are some of the best and most expensive instruments, and even each string instrument created has a name. So many people have wanted Stradivarii, and some have sold for more than a million dollars. Famous violinists, such as Midori Goto or Joshua Bell have Stradivarii.

Gadolinium

Gadolinium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Gd. It has the atomic number 64. It is part of a group of chemical elements in the periodic table named the Lanthanides. It is a rare earth element. It is silvery white, malleable and ductile.

Its main uses are as chemical compounds in color televisions and nuclear magnetic resonance radio contrast agents. In color cathode ray tube televisions (the type first produced, not flat televisions) some of the pixels are dots of gadolinium compounds. When the electrons from the cathode ray tube hit the pixels and transfer energy to the gadolinium compounds they give out light as energy. Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) imaging is used in medicine where it is named MRI (Magnetic resonance imaging). It is used to take picture of inside the body. How the pictures look is changed by the gadolinium compounds and how much water is around. It makes the images clearer because it makes the difference in the concentration of water in different parts of the body look more clear (more contrast) in the picture that is made.



Grand coalition

The "Grand coalition" refers to if the two biggest political parties in Germany (the CDU, CSU and the SPD) join forces together ("form a coalition").

Persephone

Persephone (, "Persephonē") is the goddess of the dead and queen of the underworld in ancient Greek religion and myth. She is the daughter of Zeus and Demeter and is married to the god Hades, with whom she rules over the souls of the dead. As a vegetation goddess, she presided over the bounty of the harvest as it emerged during the season of spring. 

Persephone and her mother Demeter were the central figures of the Eleusinian Mysteries, which promised initiates a reward in the afterlife. The tale of her being abducted by Hades, during which she was tricked into eating seeds from a pomegranate (the food of the dead), served to explain the cause of the seasons, and is one prominently featured in ancient Greek literature. Her symbols included the pomegranate, flowers and seeds of grain. During the summer she would rise up from the underworld to be with her mother Demeter. The goddess Proserpina is her Roman counterpart. 

German Bundestag

The German Bundestag (commonly referred to as "Bundestag") is the legislature of Germany. It meets in Berlin, in the Reichstag building, which was specially rebuilt ready for the Bundestag to move from Bonn.

The Bundestag has at least 598 members. Every 4 years the German people vote. After the 2017 election there were 709 members. In the election of 26 September 2021, 736 members were assigned - the base 598 seats plus 138 overhang and leveling seats. The next elections are in 2025.

A party gets seats when it gets at least 5% of the votes or 3 direct mandates. Every voter has two votes, one for a person and one for a party. 299 members each represent a constituency, just as in the British House of Commons or the US House of Representatives. The other half are elected from a party list in each Land. The total number of seats a party gets depends on the number of the second "party votes" it gets.

But if a party wins more constituency seats than its share of the party votes, then it keeps those extra seats. These extra seats, or "extra mandates", are the reason the Bundestag sometimes has more than 598 members. If a party gets extra mandates, the other parties get some extra seats too to make sure every party gets exactly its share of party seats. This system of giving extra mandates was changed in 2013. Before 2013, if a party won extra mandates, then it got to put more members in the Bundestag, which gave the party more influence over the Bundestag than it won in the elections. 

The Bundestag president is named Bärbel Bas. She oversees the sessions of the body.


1. FC Nuremberg

The 1. F.C Nürnberg is a football club from Nuremberg, Germany. It was founded on May 4, 1900.

The manager are Andreas Bornemann (Sports) and Michael Meeske (Finance). The coach is Michael Köllner.




Goalkeepers:

Defenders:

Midfielders:

Forwards:

Human history

Human history is the study of what the entire human race did in the past. It includes the time from prehistory to the present day. It is different from natural history.

Modern human beings are called "Homo sapiens" ('wise man'). They have existed for about 250,000 years. Biologists believe that "Homo sapiens" evolved in Africa.

"Homo sapiens", lived at the same time as other "species" of human. These included "Homo erectus" ('standing man') and "Homo neanderthalensis" ('man from Neanderthal'). The theory of human evolution says that modern humans, Neanderthals, and "Homo erectus" slowly developed from other earlier species of human-like creatures.

"Homo neanderthalensis" are the first humans scientists discovered which were not "Homo sapiens". "Homo neanderthalensis" are usually called Neanderthal Man. They were discovered when the cranium of a skull was found in the Neanderthal Valley in 1856. It was different from a modern human skull so scientists believed it was from a new species. Entire Neanderthal skeletons have been found in other places since then. When ancient stone tools are found, their style often shows whether they were made by "Homo sapiens" or Neanderthals (see Palaeolithic). Neanderthals existed before modern humans. They knew how to use tools and fire.

Scientists believe that "Homo sapiens" spread from Africa to all other parts of the world, replacing "Homo neanderthalensis" in Europe and "Homo erectus" in Asia. By the end of the Stone Age, it is believed that "Homo sapiens" were the only type of humans left.

Climate is the normal weather in a place. It changes from one part of the world to another. Some areas are hot all year, and some are cold all year. Some areas are dry all year, and others are wet all year. Most areas have climates that are warmer in the summer and cooler in the winter. Most parts of the world get rain at some times of the year and do not get rain at other times of the year. Some parts of the world have oceanic climates and others have alpine climates.

Climate affects what food people eat. This is because climate affects what foods can grow. If one food is easier to grow, people usually eat that food more often than other foods. Foods that people eat more of than other foods are called staple foods. Staple foods are usually grains or vegetables because they are easy to grow. Wheat, maize, millet, rice, oats, rye, potatoes, yams, breadfruit and beans are examples of different staple foods from around the world.

Climate can affect the way people live in many other ways. It affects the types of animals that can live in any area, which affect the types of meats that are available to eat.
Climate also affects the buildings that people make, the clothes that they wear and the way that they travel.

The climate on earth has not stayed the same through human history. There are long periods of time when it is generally warmer, and there are long periods of time when it is generally colder. When it is generally colder, there is more ice on the poles of the planet. A cold period is called an ice age. There have been many ice ages in the history of the earth. Two have affected humans.

From 70,000 to around 10,000 years ago there was a big ice age which affected humans and the way that they lived. Between 1600 AD and 1900 AD there was a period called the Little Ice Age when the climate was a little bit colder than usual.

The word "Prehistory" means "before history". It is used for the long period of time before humans began to write about their lives. This time is divided into two main ages: the Paleolithic Age (or Early Stone Age) and the Neolithic Age (or late Stone Age). The two ages did not start and end at the same time everywhere. 

The end of prehistory varies from one place to another. It depends on the date when that place began to use writing. In Egypt the first written documents date from around 3200 BC. In Australia the first written records date from 1788 and in New Guinea from about 1900.

The Paleolithic Era is by far the longest age of humanity's time, about 99% of human history. The Paleolithic Age started about 2.6 million years ago and ended around 10,000 BC. The age began when hominids (early humans) started to use stones as tools for bashing, cutting and scraping. The age ended when humans began to plant crops and have other types of agriculture. In some areas, such as Western Europe, the way that people lived was affected by the Ice Age. In these places, people moved towards agriculture quicker than in warmer places where there was always lots of food to gather. Their culture is sometimes called the Mesolithic Era (Middle Stone Age).

Human beings are social animals. During the Paleolithic Era they grouped together in small bands. They lived by gathering plants and hunting wild animals. This way of living is called a "hunter-gatherer society". People hunted small burrowing animals like rabbits, as well as birds and herds of animals like deer and cattle. They also gathered plants to eat, including grains. Grain often grows on grasslands where herds of grass-eating animals are found. People also gathered root vegetables, green vegetables, beans, fruit, seeds, berries, nuts, eggs, insects and small reptiles.

Many Paleolithic bands were nomadic. They moved from place to place as the weather changed. They followed herds of animals that they hunted from their winter feeding places to their summer feeding places. If there was a drought, flood, or some other disaster, the herds and the people may have moved a long distance, looking for food. During the "Ice Age" a lot of the water on Earth turned to ice. This made sea much lower than it is now. People were able to walk through Beringia from Siberia to Alaska. Bands of "Homo sapiens" travelled to that area from Asia. At that time there were rich grasslands with many large animals that are now extinct. It is believed that many groups of people travelled there over a long time and later spread to other parts of America, as the weather got warmer.

Palaeolithic people used stone tools. Sometimes a stone tool was just a rock. It might have been useful for smashing a shell or an animal's skull, or for grinding grain on another rock. Other tools were made by breaking rocks to make a sharp edge. The next development in stone tool making was to chip all the edges of a rock so that it made a pointed shape, useful for a spearhead, or arrow tip. Some stone tools are carefully "flaked" at the edges to make them sharp, and symmetrically shaped. Palaeolithic people also used tools of wood and bone. They probably also used leather and vegetable fibers but these have not lasted from that time. Palaeolithic people also knew how to make fire which they used for warmth and cooking.
In the "Paleolithic Era" there were many different human species. According to current research, only the modern human reached the "Neolithic Era".

The Neolithic era was marked by changes in society. During the Neolithic era, people started to settle down. They developed agriculture and domesticated animals, both of which took a long time. Because of these two things, people did not have to migrate as much any more. Villages could grow to much larger sizes than before. Over time, villages fought and spread their control over larger areas and some became civilisations. During this time, humankind also developed further intellectually, militarily and spiritually.

When humans started to grow crops and domesticate certain animals such as dogs, goats, sheep, and cattle; their societies changed. Because people now grew crops and raised livestock, they started to stay in the same place and build permanent settlements. In most places, this happened between 10,000 and 12,000 years ago. Their diet also changed. People ate more cereals and vegetables. They started to keep extra foods and seeds for later. In some years there were surpluses (extras) that could be traded for other goods. People who could tolerate milk had an advantage. Originally, milk drinking could only be done by babies. Farming societies gave a great advantage to the few people who could tolerate milk. This tolerance eventually became almost universal.

These changes happened independently in many parts of the world. They did not happen in the same order though. For example, the earliest farming societies in the Near East did not use pottery. No one is sure if Britain had agriculture, or if permanent villages existed there at all. Early Japanese societies used pottery "before" developing agriculture.

Vere Gordon Childe gave the name "Neolithic Revolution" to this process in the 1920s. He thought that it was as important as the Industrial Revolution (which happened in the 18th and 19th century).

Ancient history was the time from the development of writing in the Middle East to the fall of the Roman Empire. The fall of the Roman Empire caused chaos in Europe, leading to the Middle Ages (also called the Dark Ages or the Age of Faith).

The first civilizations were built along major river systems. These civilizations are called river valley civilizations. River valley civilizations were the most powerful civilizations in this time period because water was needed to have an agricultural society.

These civilizations were similar in that:

Sumer was the world's first known ancient civilization. The Sumerians took over the fertile crescent region of Mesopotamia around 3300 BC. They grew crops on the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. By 3000 BC, many cities had been built in parts of Sumerian Mesopotamia. They formed independently and each had their own government. They were called city-states and often fought with each other.

A surplus in food led to a Division of labour. This means that some people were able to stop growing crops and do other jobs, since enough crops were already grown. This brought a split in society. Today, such a split is called "social pyramid". In a social pyramid, people are grouped into social classes based on their wealth and power. In Sumer, the king, priests, and government officials were at the top of the social pyramid. Below them were the artisans, merchants, farmers, and fishers. At the bottom of the pyramid were slaves. Slaves were often prisoners of war, criminals, or people working to pay off debt.

The Sumerians created the world's first system of writing; it was called cuneiform. The oldest versions of one of the world's first literary works, the "Epic of Gilgamesh", go back to this time. In Sumer, only the sons of the rich and powerful learned how to read and write. They went to a school called "edubba". Only the boys who went to "edubba" could become scribes.

The Sumerians also invented sun-dried bricks, the wheel, the ox plow, and were skilled at making pottery. They are also thought to have invented the sailboat.

After the Sumerians, the civilizations of Babylonia and then Assyria rose to power in Mesopotamia. Babylonia had a king named Hammurabi. He is famous for the Codex Hammurabi. Just to the East was the long-lasting civilization of Elam.

Ancient Egypt grew along the Nile river. It was created around 3500 BC. It was most powerful in the second millennium BC. When it was its biggest, it went all the way from the Nile delta to a mountain called Jebel Barkal in Sudan. It probably ended at about 30 BC when the country was invaded by the Roman Empire.

The society of ancient Egypt depended on a balance of natural and human resources, especially the irrigation of the Nile Valley so that Egyptians could grow crops.

There was a great difference between classes in this society, as there is today. Most of the people were farmers but they did not own the agricultural products they produced. These were property of the state, temple, or noble family that owned the land. There was slavery, but it is not clear how it was practiced.
The Religion of Ancient Egypt encouraged people to respect their rulers and their past. The Egyptians are known for writing in hieroglyphs, building the famous pyramids, and their successful agriculture.

The religion of Judaism formed about 1500 BC.

China began as city-states in the Yellow River valley. The Shang Dynasty (商朝) was the first dynasty of Ancient China.Turtle shells with writing on them have been carbon dated to about 1500 BC.

The Zhou Dynasty came after the Shang Dynasty. "Kong Fuzi" and Laozi lived at the end of the Zhou Dynasty. They were the greatest Chinese philosophers. They founded new philosophies, or ways of thinking. Confucius founded Confucianism and Laozi founded Daoism.

After the Zhou Dynasty came the Warring States Period.

The Qin (秦) dynasty came after the Warring States Period. The Qin emperor Qin Shi Huang created the first centralized state in China in 221 BC. It was based on his based on his political philosophy of legalism. He made everyone write the same way. He fought against "Confucianism". He also started building what would later become the Great Wall.

In 202 BC the Han Dynasty took over. It was about as strong as the Roman Empire. Towards the end of the Han Dynasty, Buddhism became influential in China.
The Indus Valley Civilization lasted from about 2600 BC to 1900 BC. It was the first urban civilization in the subcontinent. It was centered on the Indus River and its tributaries in what is now Pakistan. It also had sites in modern-day India and Afghanistan. The civilization is famous for its brick cities that had road-side drainage systems and multi-storied houses.

The Maurya dynasty started in 321 BCE. This was the first time most of the Indian subcontinent was united under a single government. Ashoka the Great was a famous Mauryan emperor. When he started ruling, he sought to expand his empire, but then followed a policy of ahimsa (non-violence) after converting to Buddhism. He wrote about this in the Edicts of Ashoka. The Edicts of Ashoka are the oldest historical documents from India that still exist. During the peak of the Gandhara civilizationin Pakistan, Buddhist ideals spread across all of East Asia and South-East Asia.

The Gupta dynasty ruled from around 320 to 550 AD. The Gupta Empire included only Central India, and the area east of current day Bangladesh. Gupta society was ordered in accordance with Hindu beliefs. Historians place the Gupta dynasty alongside with the Han Dynasty, Tang Dynasty and Roman Empire as a model of a classical civilization.

The Maya civilization is a civilization that started in Central America. They lived mostly on the Yucatán Peninsula in what is now known as Mexico, but also Honduras, Belize and Guatemala. They were the only known civilization of pre-Columbian America to have a fully developed written language. They also made great achievements in art and architecture and had a very advanced system of mathematics and astronomy.

The area where the Maya civilization developed was inhabited from around the 10th millennium BC. The first Maya settlements were built there in about 1800 BC, in the Soconusco region. This is in the modern-day state of Chiapas in Mexico, on the Pacific Ocean. Today, this is called the "Early Preclassic period". At the time, humans began to settle down permanently. They started to grow livestock. Pottery and small clay figures were made. They constructed simple burial mounds. Later they developed these mounds into step pyramids. There were other civilizations around, especially in the north, such as the Olmec, the Mixe-Zoque, and Zapotec civilizations. These people mostly lived in the area of the modern-day state Oaxaca. The exact borders of the Maya empire in the north are unclear. There were probably areas where Maya culture overlapped with other cultures. Many of the earliest significant inscriptions and buildings appeared in this overlapping zone. These cultures and the Maya probably influenced one another.

There has been a long history of contact between Papuan peoples of the Papua New Guinea and the Aboriginal people. Aboriginal people seem to have lived a long time in the same environment as the now extinct Australian megafauna. Stories about that are told in the oral culture of many Aboriginal groups.

The Hallstatt era is named after the city Hallstatt in Austria, where the first artifacts were found. It lasted from about 1200 BC to about 275 BC. There were different periods, which today are mainly told apart by the kinds of brooches used at the time. These brooches changed rather rapidly, and can therefore give us good guesses at to what time they came from. Hallstatt culture sites have been found in the east of France, in Switzerland, in the south of Germany, in Austria, in Slovenia and Croatia, northwestern Hungary, southwestern Slovakia and southern Moravia. The culture can be divided into an eastern and a western one quite easily; the dividing line runs through the Czech Republic, and Austria, between longitudes 14 and 15 degrees east.

In this time, the social structure developed into a hierarchy. This can be documented by various things that were added to graves. In the Bronze Age, people used to live in big settlements. As iron became available, trade routes changed. A new richer class evolved. Unlike before, these richer class people liked to live in big houses in the countryside, as a demonstration of their wealth. Funerals also changed, from cremation burials, to burials with stone coffins. The new upper class used their wealth for import goods, mostly from the Mediterranean.

The La Tène culture is a culture that lasted from about 500 BC to about 100 AD. It is named after the city of "La Tène" (today, Marin-Epagnier, next to Neuchâtel). It was influenced a lot by the Roman and Greek cultures. There are two sources for this:

The Celts basically lived in clans. Each clan was headed by a leader, which came from the Druids or the Bards. Women were much better off than with the Romans, they were almost equal to men. There was polygamy and polyandry (A man could have several women, a woman could have several men).

Illyria is the part of west-south Balkan Peninsula populated by Illyrians whose descendants are Albanians.
Illyrians lived in tribunes such as Epirus, Dardania, Taulantia etc.
They had their own language, the Illyrian language that was different from the Greek language and Latin.
At the year 1000 BC the population of Illyria is estimated to be around 500,000.

What is known today as "Ancient Greece" is a very important period in history. Most people agree that it came after the Minoan and Mycenaean civilizations. It ended when the Romans invaded Greece, in 146 BC. Greek culture had a very powerful influence on later civilizations, especially the Romans. The Greeks developed what is now called a city-state, or a polis. There were many polises. Some of the more important ones were Athens, Sparta, Corinth and Thebes. The word "politics" comes from there. It literally means: things that are about the polis. Greek cities did not have much contact with each other, because of the mountains and many islands Greece is made up of. When a city no longer had enough food to care for all its citizens, some people were sent out to set up a new city. This was called a "colony". Each city was independent, and ruled by someone within that city. Colonies also looked to the city where they originally came from for guidance.

When Greece went to war (for example against the Persian Empire), there was an alliance of such city states, against the Persians. There were also many wars between different city states.

There were many artists and philosophers who lived in that period. Most of them are still important for philosophy today. A well-known artist was Homer. He wrote epics about the war against the Trojans, and the early history of Greece. Other well-known artists were Aristophanes and Sappho. Well-known philosophers include Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle. A well known mathematician of the time was Euclid. Statesmen of the time were Pericles and Alexander the Great.

Ancient Rome was a civilization that started in modern-day Italy, in the 8th Century before Christ. The civilization lasted for 12 centuries. It ended, when Mehmed II conquered Constantinople, on May 29, 1453. According to legend, the Roman civilization was founded by Romulus and Remus, in the year 753 BC. The Roman Empire developed in wars against Carthage and the Seleucid Empire. Julius Caesar conquered Gaul, modern France, and Augustus ended the Roman republic by becoming emperor. At its biggest extent, the empire covered all of the Mediterranean. Rome became so big, because it led war against other nations and then assimilated their culture.

In 293, Diocletian organized a separate administration of the western and the eastern part of the empire. The capital of the western part was Rome, the capital of the eastern part was Constantinople. Constantine I was the first to stop discrimination against Christians (313). Christianity became state religion under the reign of Theodosius I.

The western part of the empire had many problems with barbarians. In the 5th century, the Huns migrated westwards. This meant that the Visigoths moved into the empire, to seek protection. Rome was sacked by barbarians multiple times. On September 4, 476, the Germanic chief Odoacer forced the last Roman emperor in the west, Romulus Augustus, to quit. After about 1200 years, the rule of Rome in the West came to an end.

The eastern part had similar problems. Justinian I managed to conquer parts of North Africa and Italy. Shortly after he died, all that was left were parts of Southern Italy, and Sicily. In the east, the empire was threatened by the Sassanid Empire.

After the fall of Western Rome, the Germanic tribes that took over tried to learn from Roman civilization, but much was forgotten and up to the Renaissance not many achievements happened in Europe. But with the rise of Islam, many changes happened during the Islamic Golden Age. The Greek and Roman traditions were kept and further development took place. The Chinese civilization had a Golden Age during the Tang period, when their capital was the biggest in the world. During the Renaissance, Europe developed and made great advancements in many areas as well.

In Arabia, Muhammad founded Islam in 632. His followers rapidly conquered territories in Syria and Egypt. They soon were a danger to the Byzantine Empire. In the 8th and 9th centuries, the Byzantine Empire stopped Islamic expansion and reconquered some lost territories. In 1000 A.D. the eastern Empire was at its height: Basileios II reconquered Bulgaria and Armenia. Culture and trade flourished. In 1071 the Battle of Manzikert led the empire into a dramatic decline. For the Byzantine Empire this meant centuries of civil wars and Turkic invasions. The Muslim caliphate had an Golden Age under the Abbasids.

Their power forced Emperor Alexius I Comnenus of the Byzantine Empire to send a call for help to the West in 1095. The West sent the Crusades. These eventually led to the "Sack of Constantinople" in the Fourth Crusade in 1204. Because of this, what was left of the Empire broke into successor states. The winner of these disputes was that of Nicaea. After Constantinople was again conquered by imperial forces, the empire was little more than a Greek state on the Aegean coast. The Eastern Empire came to an end when Mehmed II conquered Constantinople on May 29, 1453. The Ottoman Empire took its place and from 1400 to 1600 was the most powerful empire in the Middle East and ruled at the southern and eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea.

The Tang Dynasty (618–907), with its capital at Chang'an (today Xi'an), was the biggest city in the world at the time and is considered by historians as a high point in Chinese civilization as well as a golden age of cosmopolitan culture. The Ming Dynasty ruled from 1368 to 1644. The Ming built a vast army and navy.

From around the 6th–7th century. In South India, Chola kings ruled Tamil Nadu, and Chera kings ruled Kerala. They had trading relationships with the Roman Empire to the west and Southeast Asia to the east. In north India, Rajputs ruled in many kingdoms.

In 1336, two brothers named Harihara I and Bukka founded the Vijayanagara Empire in an area which is now in the Karnataka state of India. The most famous king of this empire was Krishnadevaraya. In 1565, rulers of this empire were defeated in a battle. But the empire continued for about the next one hundred years.
Northern India was ruled by Islamic sultans.

The Heian period in Japan is famous for its art, poetry and literature. The writing system, Kana, was developed. It was followed by the feudal period (1185–1853) during which samurai and daimyos were the leading figures and the shogun the real monarch whereas the tennō had only a role as religious head. Between the years 1272 and 1281 the Mongols tried to invade but were driven out by the Japanese.
In 1542, a Portuguese ship reached Japan. Japanese learned about guns and firearms from them.

Genghis Khan in 1209 brought together the Mongol tribes and founded the Mongol Empire, one of the largest land empires in history. Later Kublai Khan would go on to expand the empire and found the Mongol-ruled Yuan Dynasty of China. The empire later broke into several empires, all of which were later destroyed.

The Middle Ages was the time from the fall of the Roman empire until the middle of the 15th century. From 500 to about 800 there was some decline compared with the Roman civilization. European villages were often destroyed and looted by barbarians such as the Vikings. During the High Middle Ages magnificent castles and large churches called cathedrals were built and important works of literature were written. In the later Middle Ages, there was a plague called the Black Death. The Black Death killed one-third to one-half of Europe's population.

A system called feudalism was a very important part of the Middle Ages. In this system, the king was at the top of the social pyramid. The king gave land to the lord in exchange for loyalty. The lords were the next in the pyramid. The lords gave land (called a fief) to knights in exchange for loyalty and protection. The knights came next in the pyramid. Peasants were not part of the feudal system because they did not give or receive land. They worked on a lord's manor in exchange for protection.

The Crusades were also fought during the Middle Ages. There is a theory that says the Crusades helped end the Middle Ages along with the Black Death, increased trade and better farming technology.

The Renaissance started in Italy. "Renaissance" is a French word meaning "rebirth". The Renaissance meant that people learned from the ancient Greek and Roman or "classical" cultures that had been forgotten for some time. Artists learned from classical paintings and sculptures. So they reinvented perspective and the art of free standing realistic sculptures that had been characteristic in Greek and Roman art. Some famous Renaissance artists are Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo, and Raphael. The Gutenberg printing press, invented by Johannes Gutenberg, was also developed during this time.

The Renaissance was also a time of great achievements in science (Galileo Galilei, Francis Bacon), philosophy (Thomas More) and literature (Dante Alighieri, William Shakespeare).

What is known as the classical period lasted from about 250 to about 900. During this time, many monuments were constructed. There are also many big inscriptions from then. In this period, the Maya moved to building large cities. This is known as urbanism. Many important intellectual and artistic developments happened in an area that is known as the "southern lowlands".

Like the Ancient Greek, the Maya civilization was made of many independent city-states. Agriculture was important around these city states like Tikal and Copán.
The most important monuments are the pyramids they built in their religious centers and the palaces of their rulers. The palace at Cancuén is the largest in the Maya area. There are no pyramids in the area of the palace. Other important things the archaeologists found include the carved stone slabs usually called "stelae" (the Maya called them "tetun", or "tree-stones"). These slabs show rulers along with hieroglyphic texts describing their genealogy, military victories, and other accomplishments. In North America, they made Mississippian culture with the largest land field from around 800 CE to 1600.

The Maya also had trade routes that ran over long distances. They traded with many of the other Mesoamerican cultures, such as Teotihuacan, the Zapotec, and other groups in central and gulf-coast Mexico. They also traded with non-Mesoamerican groups, that were farther away. Archaeologists have found gold from Panama in the Sacred Cenote of Chichen Itza.

Important trade goods were cacao, salt, sea shells, jade and obsidian.

In the 8th and 9th century, the cities in the southern lowlands had problems, and declined. At the same time, the Maya stopped making big monuments and inscriptions. Shortly afterwards, these cities were abandoned. Currently, archaeologists are not sure why this happened. There are different theories. Either ecological factors played a role in this, or the cause of this abandonment was not related to the environment.

In the north, development went on, form the 10th to about the 16th century. The influences from the outside left more traces in the Maya culture at that time. Some of the important sites in this era were Chichen Itza, Uxmal, and Coba. At some point, the ruling dynasties of Chichen and Uxmal declined. Afterwards, Mayapan ruled all of Yucatán until a revolt in 1450. The area then degenerated into competing city-states until the Yucatán was conquered by the Spanish.

By 1250, there developed other city-states. The Itza maintained their capital at Tayasal. It ruled over an area extending across the Peten Lakes region, including the community of Ekckixil on Lake Quexil. Postclassic Maya states also survived in the southern highlands. One of the Maya kingdoms in this area is responsible for the best-known Maya work of historiography and mythology, the Popol Vuh.

The Spanish started to conquer Maya lands. This took them much longer than with the Inca or Aztecs, because there was no capital city. This meant that when they had conquered one city, this had little influence on the whole empire. The last Maya states were finally subdued in 1697.

The Maya people did not disappear though. There are still about 6 million of them. Some are well-integrated, others continue speak one of the Maya languages and uphold their cultural heritage.

The Aztecs built an empire in Central America, mainly in Mexico. The empire lasted from the 14th to the 16th century. They spoke the Nahuatl language. Their capital was Tenochtitlan. It was built on islands in a lake. Tenochtitlan was one of the greatest cities of the world in that time.

The Aztecs believed in polytheism. Quetzalcoatl (feathered snake), Huitzilopochtli (hummingbird of the south) and Tezcatlipoca (smoking mirror) were the most important Gods. Sometimes the Aztecs killed humans to please their gods. Between 1519 and 1521 the Spanish leader Hernán Cortés defeated the Aztecs and took their empire. Some Aztecs did not want to fight against the soldiers of Cortés, because they thought they were Gods.

Today many Mexicans have Aztec and other Native American forefathers. People still use Aztec symbols in Mexico. On the Mexican flag there is a picture of an eagle on a cactus with a snake in its mouth. This was an Aztec symbol. Also the name "Mexico" is an Aztec word.

The Aztecs ate a lot of plants and vegetables that could be grown easily in the Mexico area. The main food that they ate was corn, which they called maize. Another food that they ate was squash.

Aztecs also had a lot of harsh punishments for certain crimes. For the following crimes the punishment was death: adultery, wearing cotton clothes (cotton clothes were only for the nobles), cutting down a living tree, moving a field boundary making your land bigger, making someone else's smaller, major theft and treason.

The Incas were a civilized empire in western South America. The Incas are called a "pre-Columbian" empire. This means that their country was here before Christopher Columbus. They ruled parts of South America around what is now Peru for a little over 100 years, until the Spanish invasion in the 16th century.

The Incan empire or , meaning "four regions" in Quechua, only lasted for about 100 years as the arrival of the Spaniards in 1532 conquered them. Their main language was Quechua, but as the Incas were basically made up of many different groups there were probably many other different languages.

Their capital was in the city of Cusco, or Qosqo, in what is now southern Peru.

Manco Capac founded the first Inca state around 1200. It covered the area around Cusco. In the 1400s, Pachacuti began to absorb other people in the Andes. The expansion of the Inca Empire had started. The Inca Empire would become the biggest empire in the Americas before Columbus.

In 1532, the civil war ended. The brothers Huascar and Atahualpa, fought for who would succeed their father. During this time, the Spanish conquerors took possession of the Inca territory. They were led by Francisco Pizarro. In the following years the conquistadors managed to extend their power over the whole Andean region. They suppressed successive Inca rebellions until the establishment of the Viceroyalty of Perú in 1542 and the fall of the resistance of the last Incas of Vilcabamba in 1572. The Inca civilization ends at that time, but many cultural traditions remain in some ethnic groups as Quechuas and Aymara people.

Ancient Egypt and Carthage are well known civilizations of ancient Africa. But because there are not many written sources in large parts of Sub-Saharan Africa, the history of Africa is not easy to write about. But with new techniques such as the recording of oral history, historical linguistics and archeology knowledge has improved, not only for the empires and kingdoms of Ethiopia, Ghana, Mali, Nubia, Kush and Kerma.

Colonization happened after Christopher Columbus came to the Americas. European countries such as England, France, and Spain built colonies in the Americas. These settlers fought the Native Americans to take over their land. The colonisation of the Americas was the beginning of modern times.

An important part about contact with the Americas was the Columbian Exchange The Columbian Exchange brought new foods, ideas, and diseases to the Old World and New World, changing the way people lived. Historians believe that almost everyone as far as Asia was affected in some way by the Columbian Exchange.

Protestant Reformation started with Martin Luther and the posting of the 95 theses on the door of the castle church in Wittenberg, Germany. At first he protested against corruption such as simony or the sale of indulgences. But then it became clear that he had different ideas about the church doctrine. He thought that Christians should only read the Bible to find out what God wants from them. That meant that they did not need priests (see: Five solas). The three most important traditions that came directly from the Protestant Reformation were the Lutheran, Reformed (Calvinist, Presbyterian, etc.), and Anglican traditions.

The Counter-Reformation, or Catholic Reformation, was the Catholic Church fighting the Protestant Reformation. New religious orders, such as the Jesuits were founded and missionaries sent around the world. Decisions were taken at the Council of Trent (1545–1563).

The Industrial Revolution started in Great Britain. It brought many advances in the way goods were produced. These advances allowed people to produce much more than they needed for living. The early British Empire split as its colonies in America revolted to establish a representative government.

The French Revolution lead to massive political change in continental Europe, as people following the ideas of Enlightenment asked for human rights with the slogan "liberté, egalité, fraternité" (liberty, equality, fraternity). That led to the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, but also to terror and the execution of King Louis XVI. The French leader, Napoleon Bonaparte, conquered and changed Europe through war up to 1815. As more and more small property holders were granted the vote, in France and the UK, socialist and trade union activity developed and revolution gripped Europe in 1848. The last vestiges of serfdom were abolished in Austria-Hungary in 1848. Russian serfdom was abolished in 1861. The Balkan nations began to regain their independence from the Ottoman Empire. After the Franco-Prussian War, Italy and Germany became unified in 1870 and 1871. Conflict spread across the globe, in a chase for empires. The search for a "place in the sun" ended with the outbreak of World War I. In the desperation of war, the Russian Revolution promised the people "peace, bread and land". The defeat of Germany came at the price of economic destruction, which was written down in the Treaty of Versailles.

From 1644 to 1912 the Qing or "Manchu Dynasty" ruled China. The dynasty was founded by the Manchu clan in northeast China (Manchuria). It expanded into China proper and its surrounding territories, establishing the "Empire of the Great Qing".
Its military power weakened during the 1800s, and faced with international pressure, massive rebellions and defeats in wars, the Qing Dynasty declined after the mid-19th century. It was overthrown in 1912.

During the Edo period, Japan had many small rulers. There were about 200 of them, called the daimyo. Out of them, the Tokugawa clan was most powerful. They ruled from a place called Edo. This place was around the present day’s Tokyo. For fifteen generations they were the most powerful clan in Japan.

Beginning from the early 17th century, the rulers (known as shogunate) started a policy of seclusion (stopping some people coming in), known as sakoku in Japanese language. They suspected that traders, merchants and missionaries wanted to bring Japan under the control of European powers. Except the Dutch and the Chinese, all foreigners, traders and merchants from other countries, missionaries were no longer allowed into Japan.

Still even during the period of seclusion, Japanese continued to gain information and knowledge about other parts of the world.
This policy of seclusion lasted for about 200 years. It ended 1868 with Meiji Restoration, when the emperor took over again and started a lot of reforms.

The Mughal Empire existed from 1526 to 1857. When it was biggest it ruled most of the Indian subcontinent, then known as Hindustan, and parts of what is now Afghanistan. It was founded by Babur in 1526 and ruled until 1530. Its most important ruler was Akbar (1556–1605). After the death of Aurangjeb (1658–1707), the Mughal Empire became weak. It continued until 1857. By that time, India came under the British Raj.

Settlement by the Spanish started the European colonization of the Americas, it meant genocide of the native Indians. The Spanish gained control of most of the Caribbean and conquered the Aztecs. So they founded the Spanish Empire in the New World.

The first successful English settlements were in North America at Jamestown (Virginia), 1607 (along with its satellite, Bermuda in 1609) and Plymouth (Massachusetts), 1620. The first French settlements were Port Royal (1604) and Quebec City (1608). The Fur Trade soon became the primary business on the continent and as a result transformed the Native Americans lifestyle. Plantation slavery of the West Indies lead to the beginning of the Atlantic slave trade.

Rivalry between the European powers created a series of wars on the North American landmass. The American Revolution led to the creation of the United States of America. Spain's hold on its colonies weakened till it had to give them independence.

The United States expanded quickly to the west. At the same time, British built more in Canada.

During the 15th century the Portuguese began exploring Africa. At the Guinea coast they built their first fort in 1482. They started slave trade after the first European contact with America in 1492 to supply settlers from there with workers. Soon English, Spanish, Dutch, French and Danish merchants also built forts. But their influence on the inland was minor (except from decimation of population by slave trade) till during the 19th century larger colonies were founded.

The 20th century was a very important time in history. New technology and different ideas led to many worldwide changes in the time of just 100 years.

World War I was a war fought from 1914 to 1918. During the time of the war, it was called "The Great War", or "The War to End All Wars". Chemical poisons, tanks, aeroplanes, and bombs were used for the first time.

There were four main causes of the war:

These were causes that made it likely that a war would start in Europe. The "spark" that started the war was the assassination of the heir to the throne in Austria-Hungary: Archduke Franz Ferdinand by a group of young Serbians. Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia and each country's allies then joined the war. This created a bigger conflict which turned into World War I.

Europe divided into two groups of allies: the Central Powers and the Allied Powers (the "Allies"). The Central Powers were made up of Germany, Austria-Hungary, the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria. The Allies were made up of Britain, France, Russia, Italy and the United States.

World War I was fought on two fronts; the Eastern Front and the Western Front. Trench warfare was commonly used on the Eastern Front.

Because of a British blockade, Germany began using U-boats, or submarines, to sink British ships. After the sinking of two ships with Americans on board, and the public release of the Zimmermann Note, The U.S. declared war on Germany, joining the Allies.

On November 11, 1918, Germany signed the armistice, meaning "the laying down of arms", to end the war. After the war ended, the Treaty of Versailles was written and Germany was made to sign it. They had to pay $33 million in reparations (payment for damage). The influenza pandemic of 1918 spread around the world, killing millions.

After the war the German Empire, the Russian Empire, the Ottoman Empire and Austrian Empire ended and France and Britain got weaker.
The 1920s and 1930s had military-related fascist dictators take control of Italy, Germany, Japan and Spain. They were helped by the Great Depression starting in 1929. When Hitler in 1933 had gained power in Germany he prepared World War II.

Of all the wars ever fought, World War II involved the most countries and killed the most people. More than 60 million people died, making it the worst disaster of all time. It lasted six years in Europe, from 1939 to 1945.
It was fought between the Axis Powers (Germany, Italy and Japan) and the Allied Powers. At first the Axis Powers were successful, but that ended in Europe with the Battle of Stalingrad in 1943 and the invasion in Normandy in 1944. But Hitler was able to pursue his plan to annihilate Jews nearly all over Europe. Today, this plan is called the Holocaust.
In the Pacific it ended with the battles of Midway and Guadalcanal. Germany surrendered on May 8. The Soviet invasion of Japan led Japan to surrender on August 15, 1945.

After World War II the United Nations was founded in the hope that it could solve arguments among nations and keep wars from happening. Communism spread to Central and Eastern Europe, Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Romania, Albania, North Vietnam and North Korea. In 1949, China became communist. During the 1950s and 1960s, many third world countries became communist.

This led to the Cold War, a forty-year argument between the United States, the Soviet Union, and their allies (mainly countries that were members of NATO or the Warsaw Pact). Each country wanted to promote their type of government. The Soviet Union wanted to spread communism, and the United States wanted to spread democracy. People across the world feared a nuclear war because of the tension.

Communism became less popular when it became clear that it could not promote economic growth as well as Western states and that it was not suited for a reform that allowed freedom of speech for everybody. Therefore, the Soviet Union forced Hungary to give up its reform in 1956, it favored the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 and it stopped reform in Czechoslovakia in 1968. When in 1988/89 Gorbachev made clear that he would not force the countries of the East block to stick to Communism the Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989 and the Soviet Union collapsed (1991). Then the United States was the only superpower left.

After Mao Zedong's death China's communist party proved that economic reform was possible without political freedom and paved the way for enormous economic growth.

As the 20th century ended, the European Union began to rise and included former satellite states and even parts of the Soviet Union. States in Asia, Africa and South America tried to copy the European Union.

The twentieth century was a time of great progress in terms of technology. People began to live longer because of better medicine and medical technology. New communications and transportation technologies connected the world. But these advances also helped cause problems with the environment.

The last half of the century had smaller wars. Improved information technology and globalization increased trade and cultural exchange. Space exploration expanded through the solar system. The structure of DNA was discovered.

The same period also raised questions about the end of human history because of global dangers: nuclear weapons, greenhouse effect and other problems in the environment.

During this period, communications with mobile phones and the Internet expanded. This led to social changes in corporation, political, and individuals' personal lives. Because of population growth and industrialization, worldwide resource competition became increasingly high. The increasing demand affected environmental degradation and global warming, as well the globalization has continued.

A new Great Recession affected the world in the late 2000s and the early 2010s. The COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 caused further global economic and political disruption. Some scientists referred to this as a "Planetary Phase of Civilization".




Ur

Ur was the one of the world's first cities, in Mesopotamia. It was a Sumerian city-state, founded around 3,800 BC. There are written records dating from the 26th century. Ur was once a coastal city near the mouth of the River Euphrates on the Persian Gulf. It is now well inland, south of the Euphrates on its right bank, from Nasiriyah, Iraq.

In the Sumerian city, the Ziggurat of Ur was a skyscraper over the city. It was about 20 metres (66 feet) tall. The only level that remains today is the bottom. There were big staircases to get up and down. They tell a lot about the people who built them. Sumerians had no tools and machinery like us. They were careful brick builders. Brickmakers formed mud bricks that were perfect. After drying they took them to the site and set them in place with bitumen. Bitumen is a thick sticky black stuff. It's like asphalt, the stuff they use to pave roads. They braided reeds so they would be stronger, and hooked them up like steel cables. Later the Ziggurat became more than a place for gods. There were workshops for craftworkers. For the priests, there were temples to do worship. 

Ur had three social classes. The richer, like government officials, priests, and soldiers, were at the top. The second level was for merchants, teachers, laborers, farmers and craftmakers. The bottom were for slaves captured in battle. Burials at Ur give insight into people's social standing. Kings and queens were buried with treasure. Since irrigation gave Ur abundant crops, not everybody needed to work on farms. People learned other skills. Sir Leonard Woolley found a tablet that listed Ur's special workers. The chisel workers made sculptures, the gem cutters made gems, and the fullers stomped on woven wools to make them soft. The metal workers made weapons.

Odenwald

The Odenwald is a mountain chain in the south of Hesse, in the north of Bavaria and the north of Baden-Württemberg. 

In the south of the Odenwald there is the Neckar River. In the east there is the Main River . In the west there is the valley of the Rhine River. The highest mountain is the Katzenbuckel (literally "cat's hump", 626 m).

The big cities Mannheim and Frankfurt am Main are near to the Odenwald. People of these cities like to go there at holidays. It is known for its clean thin air. There are many marked hiking paths. You can find wild blueberries, strawberries and mushrooms in the forests. 

Several small towns are very beautiful like Weinheim on the Bergstraße and Michelstadt. The mild climate of the area is well known. 

Sviatoslav I, Prince of Kiev

Sviatoslav I was an early ruler of the Kievan Rus', a nation that evolved into modern Ukraine. He was the son of Igor I of Kiev and Olga of Kiev. He ruled from 962 until 972. During his reign he destroyed the Khazar Empire and for a short time conquered what is now Bulgaria.

List of citrus fruits

Citrus is a common term and genus of flowering plants in the family Rutaceae. It originated in tropical and subtropical southeast Asia. The name comes from the citron.

Citrus fruits usually have a sour taste but farmers grow more of the sweet ones. There are many types of citrus fruits in the world.


Daylight saving time

Daylight saving time (DST) or summer time (ST) is a time to keep during summer. During the summer months, the sun stays visible for a longer time, and sunset happens late in the day. For this reason, certain countries advance the time by one hour near the start of summer, and put it back one hour during autumn.

DST helps stores that sell to people after they get off work, and it doesn't hurt farmers and others whose hours are set by the sun. It cuts traffic accident rates. Sometimes it can reduce energy costs, but it can also increase them.

Most of the world's countries do not use DST, but it is common in Europe and North America.

The United States, Australia, the United Kingdom, Canada and many other countries have DST. These countries also have regions that do not have DST:

Iceland, Russia, Belarus, and some parts of Ukraine are countries in Europe without DST.

Since 1971 all clocks in the European Union have changed on same dates and at the same time, 06:00 GMT.

European Summer Time begins (clocks go forward) at 01:00 UTC on the last Sunday in March, and ends (clocks go back) at 01:00 UTC on the last Sunday in October:

The following table lists future starting and ending dates of daylight saving time in the United States:

Permanent Summer Time has support in some northerly countries such as the UK. It was tried in the British Standard Time experiment, with Britain remaining on GMT+1 throughout the year. This took place between 27 October 1968 and 31 October 1971.

There are proposals for GMT+1 in the winter, and DST summer time (GMT+2) in the summer. In favour are most city dwellers: children do not have to come home after school in the dark, and late afternoon and early evening activities benefit. In favour also were those concerned with accidents, because both accidents and fuel consumption go down.RoSPA suggests this would reduce the number of accidents over this period as a result of the lighter evenings.

Against are many farmers in northerly latitudes, because sunrise would occur in winter at about 10:00 in the morning. However, in March 2010 the National Farmers Union said that it was not against Single/Double Summer Time, and is in fact relatively neutral, with many farmers expressing a preference for the change.

Most mobile phones and computers connected to the Internet will automatically adjust their clocks for DST. Some computers will not adjust or will adjust the time incorrectly or on the wrong date. Also, computers with more than one operating system may be incorrectly adjusted twice or more when each operating system boots.


Lanthanum

Lanthanum is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol La. It has the atomic number 57. It is part of a group of chemical elements in the periodic table named the Lanthanides. It is a rare earth element. It is silvery white, malleable and ductile. It is soft and can be cut with a knife.

Rowing

Rowing is about moving a boat on water using human muscle power. It can be a sport. The goal in rowing is to move as fast as possible on top of the water. The athletes use a boat. They move the boat forward by using two sculls or one oar. There are different types of rowing. The types depend on how many people are in the boat and if they have a coxswain or not. Rowing is a very popular sport in England, the Commonwealth, and the Northeastern United States. The old universities of the United States and England have yearly rowing matches.


Inkjet printer

An Inkjet printer is a printer for computers. It uses special ink to print on the paper. Another type of printing technology is the Laser printer. Inkjet printers are preferred for printing photos and graphics due to their high-quality color output, whereas laser printers are preferred for printing text due to their high contrast and speed.

Usually, inkjet printers are used by people who print very little. The ink comes in special ink cartridges, which can be very expensive and uneconomical. Also, the ink in the cartridge may dry up. This means that a new cartridge is needed. Three colors of cartridges, which combine magenta, yellow and cyan inks are used to create color tones. A black cartridge is also used for crisp monochrome output. Some professional printers have one or more additional colors for better photo quality, such as light cyan, light magenta, blue, red, green, orange, and grey.

Inkjet printers may use either dye or pigment inks. Pigment inks are less likely to fade, whereas dye inks create more-realistic photos and are less likely to clog the printhead.

Many professionals use inkjet printers to print on very large surfaces (up to 5m width). These printers usually do not use cartridges, but have a continuous supply of ink that could last for a long time. Standard-size (A4 or US Letter) printers with a continuous ink supply are also available.
Inkjet printers need special paper. This paper has been treated so that the ink does not smear. 
Less expensive inkjet printers, which cost a little more than 100 US dollars, are a bargain for users who want to be able to print pages in color. Inkjet printers can be very cheap but the ink can also be rather expensive. Some professional inkjet printers can print on surfaces other than paper, such as CDs/DVDs or plastic cards.

An inkjet printer can print between 300 and 720 DPI (Dots Per Inch). Some newer printers can print at higher resolutions, although the benefit of resolutions beyond 720 DPI may not be noticed by the human eye.

A common problem with inkjet printers is that if the printhead is clogged, banding (stripes) will appear in the printed image. To fix this, the printhead needs to be cleaned using the software included with the printer. This problem occurs most often when the printer has not been used for a long time. To prevent this from happening on rarely-used printers, a cron job can be scheduled to print a purge sheet (an image containing all colors used by the printer) once per day. A small, barely noticeable (usually only noticeable by magnification) amount of banding will occur even with a perfectly clean printhead due to the way the printer works.

Laser printer

A laser printer is a printer for computers. It uses laser or LED-technology to get small particles of toner from a cartridge onto paper. Very often, this costs less to use than the ink of inkjet printers. Laser printers often print text more neatly than inkjet printers, but print photos less clearly. Printing on photo paper or coated paper designed for inkjet printers can damage the laser printer's drum and fuser unit.

The laser printer was first invented by a team at Xerox in 1969. The first laser printer was called the Xerox 2000.

Laser printing is a process which typically involves seven steps:


Lawrencium

Lawrencium is a chemical element. It is also named eka-lutetium by some people. It has the symbol Lr. It has the atomic number 103. It is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature. It has to be made. Lawrencium is made from californium. The isotope that has the longest half-life (Lr) has a half life of about 3.6 hours.

No uses for lawrencium are known. What lawrencium looks like is not known because not enough has been made to see it with human eyesight.
Is a Block-D Group3 Period 7 element. Discovered by Albert Ghiorso and co-workers in 1961, in California. Named after Ernest O. Lawrence, inventor of the cyclotron, a research instrument with which several new elements have been found/made.


Darmstadtium

Darmstadtium is a chemical element. It has been named ununnilium (Uun) or eka-platinum but is now named darmstadtium. It has the symbol Ds. It has the atomic number 110. It is a transuranium element.

The element is named in honor of German city Darmstadt.

Darmstadtium is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature. It has to be made. The isotopes with an atomic mass from 267 to 273 have very short half-lifes. The half life of these isotopes is measured in milliseconds. Isotopes of darmstadtium with an atomic mass of 279 and 281 were synthesised after the other isotopes. Ds-279 and Ds-281 decay more slowly. The isotope with an atomic mass of 279 has a half life of 180 milliseconds and Ds-281 has a half life of 11.1 seconds.

No uses for darmstadtium are known. What darmstadtium looks like is not known because not enough has been made to see it with human eyesight.

Darmstadtium was first made on November 9, 1994. It was made at the Gesellschaft für Schwerionenforschung (GSI) in Darmstadt, Germany. Only a few atoms of it were made. It was made by bombarding a lead target with nickel. A nuclear fusion reaction happened and made the element.

This is shown by the equation below that is the reaction that happened. Pb is the symbol for lead, Ni is the symbol for nickel and n is the symbol for a neutron.

The element was named for Darmstadt which was the place of its discovery. The GSI is in Wixhausen, a part of the north of the city of Darmstadt. The new name (darmstadtium) was given to the chemical element by the IUPAC in August 2003.


Wampanoag

The Wampanoag were a Native American tribe. They lived in what is now the American region of New England. This is part of the Northeastern Woodlands. They are part of the Northeast Woodlands. The Wampanoag tribe helped the English settlers to survive after they arrived in the "Mayflower".

They caught a bacterial infection called leptospirosis or Weil's syndrome in the early 17th century. It caused many deaths and damaged their society greatly, though their descendants still survive today.

Mandir

Hindu temple or Mandir is referred to a place where Hindus go to worship gods in the form of various deities. Many Hindu temples are filled with wooden and stone arts like pashupatinath temple. A mandir is a spiritual place for Hindus. It is the landmarks around which ancient arts, community celebrations and economy were developed, as well as this the mandir has been recognised for.

It is believed that the Mandir are stone or wooden images of idols ceremonially infused with the divine presence of God. They worship with arts and other ceremonies.

Hindus believe that gods and goddesses will answer the prayers of the faithful and inspire spiritually. For them, the temple also acts as a contact between the gods and goddesses and the worshipers. They also believe that the gods and goddesses will grant their wishes and protect them from danger.

In Hinduism gods are represented in various forms. Sometimes gods or goddesses are represented in a human form like Shiva, Vishnu, Saraswati or Kali. Sometimes there are gods goddesses in human and animal fused form like Ganesh. Sometimes they are also represented in plants and non-living form like Tulsi and Shaligrams. Murtis are made according to the prescriptios of the ilpasastra, and then installed by priests through the prana pratishtha ceremony. Afterward the divine personality is believed to be present in the Murtis.

To show respect, Hindus give gifts and food to the murtis. They are treated with respect and worshipped everyday. If a temple is a family temple it is treated as part of the family. Some Hindus also offer a part of their daily food to the god or goddess. They are given clothes and are changed at certain times. 

Kitchener, Ontario

Kitchener is a city in Ontario, Canada. Kitchener is in Southwestern Ontario and is near Toronto, Hamilton, Mississauga and London. It is in Waterloo Region. Other cities in Waterloo Region include Waterloo and Cambridge. Sometimes Kitchener, Waterloo, and Cambridge are known as the "technology triangle". It is on the Grand River, which leads to Lake Erie.

At first, Kitchener was called Berlin. When World War I started it seemed like a bad idea to have a city named after the capital of Germany. The city was renamed Kitchener, after a British general, Herbert Kitchener. Kitchener then slowly became a prosperous city as it is today.

A rapid transit system is planned to be added in the Waterloo Region.

CHYM 96.7

CKWR 98.5


Spring (water)

A spring is a place where groundwater flows out of the ground. A spring may flow the whole year or only sometimes. This depends on the water getting into the ground all of the time (rain) or only once in a while (snow melting).

Water from a spring often flows downhill, along the land. This is how rivers start.

Some springs produce water that is good for health reasons. Sometimes towns grow by these springs because many people who are ill come there to get better. Such towns are called spa towns.


Thorium

Thorium is a chemical element in actinide group. It is a weakly radioactive metal. It has a shiny, silvery white color. It has the chemical symbol Th and the atomic number 90. Natural thorium has an atomic weight of 232. Thorium is named after Thor, the Norse god of thunder. Its ores are found in nature (that is, on Earth), especially in India, the United States, and Australia. 

Thorium would make a good source of nuclear fuel because it makes much less waste and is four times as common as uranium. It does not need the wasteful process of enrichment. It makes 3,200,000 times as much energy as coal and 200 times as much energy as uranium. Scientists believe that there is enough of it to power the world for thousands of years. Thorium has been used for various purposes since the 19th century. It is an alloying agent in magnesium and is also used as an industrial catalyst.

Thorium is safer than uranium. This is because thorium cannot undergo nuclear fission on its own. Usually, plutonium is need to start and maintain a reaction. This is why thorium is considered better for nuclear reactors. Also, nuclear waste from thorium reactors contains far smaller amounts of dangerous transuranic elements than waste from uranium reactors.


River source

The source of a river or stream is the original point from which the river flows. It may be a lake, a marsh, a spring or a glacier. This is where the stream starts.

The source is the farthest point of the river stream from its estuary or its confluence with another river or stream. Rivers are usually fed by many tributaries. The farthest stream is called the head-stream or head water. There is sometimes disagreement on which source is the head water, hence on which is the true source. 

A lake fed by many rivers is sometimes called the source of the bigger river flowing out of it. For example, Lake Victoria is often called the source of the Nile, as the rivers that flow into it have names of their own. 

Headwaters are usually in mountains. Glacial headwaters are made by melting of glaciers.

The source is where a river begins, and the river mouth is where it joins the sea. The mouth may be in the form of a river delta. The joining of a streams is called a confluence.


Laserdisc

A Laserdisc, like a DVD, can play video of a higher quality than VHS. A Laserdisc is much larger than a DVD. To play Laserdisc movies, a LaserDisc player is needed. LaserDisc was also known by the names DiscoVision and LaserVision.

Laserdisc was first produced by MCA in 1978, and became well known in the 1980s. Movie companies stopped making Laserdisc movies when DVDs became well known in the late 1990s. Today some of the better Laserdisc players still sell for $1,000 USD or more.

Laser Discs work like a regular CD-ROM or DVD. The surface of the disc is covered with small holes that are read by a laser. This sequence of holes and no holes is turned into pictures and sound by the Laserdisc player. Most Laserdiscs can hold about 30 minutes to an hour of video per side for a total of 1 to 2 hours per disc.

The early Laserdisc players used a Helium-Neon laser to read the disc, but the later models used infrared lasers. The first units that were made with the infrared laser had some problems such as skipping, strange colors spots, and fuzziness. These problems were fixed in later models.

Some of the later Laserdisc players made were ones that could play Audio CDs as well as Laserdiscs. In Japan, one of the last models to be produced even had the ability to play DVDs as well as CDs and Laserdiscs.


Californium

Californium is a chemical element. It is a radioactive metal. It has the chemical symbol Cf. It has the atomic number 98. Californium is a transuranium element. Californium does not have many uses. It was discovered by bombarding a curium target with alpha particles (helium ions). Californium is named after the US State of California, where it was discovered, in the University of Berkeley.

Californium is produced in nuclear reactors and particle accelerators. 
There are 20 known isotopes. The most stable is californium-251, which has a half-life of 898 years. This short half-life means the element is not found in the Earth's crust. Californium-252, whose half-life is 2.645 years, is the most common isotope used.

Compounds of californium are mostly of californium(III), which can take part in three chemical bonds. Californium can be used to help start up nuclear reactors, and is used as a source of neutrons. It can be used in making higher mass elements. Ununoctium was synthesized by bombarding californium-249 atoms with calcium-48 ions.

When californium is used, workers must be protected from the element's ability to disrupt the formation of red blood cells.

Torgau

Torgau is a town on the banks of the Elbe in northwestern Saxony, Germany. The town is well known as the place where during the Second World War, United States Army forces met with forces of the Soviet Union during the invasion of Germany on April 25, 1945.

This marked the beginning of the line of contact between Soviet and American forces, but not the occcupation zones. In fact the area surrounding Torgau at first occupied by U.S. forces was later, in July 1945, given over to Soviet forces.


Chemical bond

A chemical bond is a type of attraction force which holds together different chemical species. Atoms bonded stay together unless the needed amount of energy is transferred to the bond. 

In general, strong chemical bonding comes with the sharing or transfer of electrons between the participating atoms. The atoms in molecules, crystals, metals and diatomic gases are held together by chemical bonds. 

There are two types of bonds; covalent and ionic. Covalent bonds form when atoms share electrons. Ionic bonding is the attraction between oppositely charged ions. Chemical bonds are negatively charged electrons that are pulling protons into each other.

Because atoms and molecules are three-dimensional, it is difficult to use a single method to indicate orbitals and bonds. In molecular formulas the chemical bonds between atoms are indicated in different ways depending on the type of discussion.

A common way chemists describe chemical bonds is through the number of electrons each atom has on itself. Each atom is drawn with the number of electrons as dots or lines to form a maximum of eight. If the electrons form a chemical bond then a line is drawn between the two electrons. The number of bonds developed increases the number of lines.

Bonds can be double bonds or triple bonds.


Physical property

A physical property is a property, quality or way that an object is. A physical property can always be measured without changing or making the object chemically different or different in a way that would effect its chemical or atomic structure. There are two types of physical properties: "intensive" and "extensive".



Concept

A concept is an idea that is applied to all objects in a group. It is the way people see and understand something. The name used to identify a concept (the concept's label) is a "term". For example, the word "Dog" is the term to identify the concept of what a dog is. Everything that a person knows about a dog is the concept of the term dog. 

Different terms can be used to identify the same concept. Car and Automobile are synonyms for the same concept. Different languages have different terms for the same concept. This is what makes translation possible. The terms may be different in each language, but the concept is the same. The concept of jumping is the same to a person from England and a person from Italy, but one person uses the term "Jump" to mean the concept and the other person uses "Salto".


Kenpo

Kenpo or kempo is the descriptive name of various Japanese martial arts with Chinese origins, and also of hybrid martial arts: the Japanese ones and the Chinese ones. Kenpo is similar to karate and includes more punches and kicks than holds or joint locks of wrestling. 


Kempo is a Japanese Martial Arts form. However, unlike Karate, its origins are linked back to China and still have very strong influences from Chinese systems. 
It is not uncommon for a Kempo artist to both use traditional Japanese and Chinese style techniques. The difference lies in that because of the Chinese influence, the Japanese moves tend to emphasize more fluidity than most of the other Japanese styles. And because of the Japanese influence, there is a stronger focus for shorter stances and movements than other Chinese styles.
For the same reason that many other styles are sometimes simply listed as "karate", Kempo has long been strongly linked under the general banner of "karate". Kempo is known for its near explosive, short-ranged attacks that often move faster than the opponent can see. 
Kempo has a very strong presence in Hawaii, the home base for many of the systems under Kempo that exist today in the United States. Throughout each of the histories of the different groups there are strong signs of the continued merging of both Chinese and Japanese influences.


Tyr

Tyr is the god of war, heroic endeavor and justice in Norse mythology. In the Eddas, he is either the son of Odin or Hymir. He is the god of single (man-to-man) combat. Tyr only has one hand.

At one point in time, the gods decided that the wolf Fenrir (also called "Fenriswolf") could no longer go free. They wanted to lock him up onto a chain. But he broke every chain they tried to put on him. Finally, they had the dwarves make a magical chain. But Fenrir sensed what the gods would do. So Fenrir asked that one of them put his hand into his mouth. Knowing that if Fenrir was left unfettered, he would have grown strong enough to kill all the gods and destroy the world. Tyr was the only one who had the courage. When Fenrir sensed he had been tricked, he bit off Tyr's hand. Tyr remained handless forever.

Fenrir will remain bound until Ragnarök. Then, Tyr's opponent will be , the guard dog of Hel.

Loki

Loki (, ) is a god in Norse mythology. Loki is the son of Fárbauti and the brother of Helblindi and Býleistr. Loki is married to Sigyn. They have a son, Narfi and/or Nari. Loki is the father of Hel, the wolf Fenrir, and the world serpent Jörmungandr. While in the form of a horse, Loki was impregnated by Svaðilfari and gave birth to the eight-legged horse Sleipnir. Loki is referred to as the father of Váli in "Prose Edda". This source also refers to Odin as the father of Váli twice and Váli is only said to be a son of Loki once.

Loki's relation with the gods varies by source. Loki sometimes helps the gods and sometimes behaves badly towards them. Loki can change his shape. He has appeared in the form of a salmon, a mare, a fly, and possibly an old woman named Þökk . Loki's good relations with the gods end with his role in causing the death of the god Baldr. During Ragnarök, Loki is said to fight against the gods among the forces of the jötnar. He will fight the god Heimdallr, and they two will kill each other.

Loki is talked about in the "Poetic Edda", the "Prose Edda" and "Heimskringla", the Norwegian Rune Poems, in the poetry of skalds and in Scandinavian folklore. Loki may be shown on the Snaptun Stone, the Kirkby Stephen Stone, and the Gosforth Cross. Scholars disagree about Loki's origins and role in Norse mythology. Some have described him as a trickster god.

Loki has been used in many different forms of media in modern popular culture. Most notable of this is his use in Marvel Comics and the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Tom Hiddleston has played Loki in the movies Thor, , , The Avengers and . He also played versions of Loki in the TV series Loki on Disney+.

Freyja

Freyja (Old Norse: “[the] Lady”) is the goddess of love, beauty, sex, fertility, seiðr, war, and death in Norse mythology. A member of the Vanir, Freyja is the daughter of Njörðr, and twin sister of Freyr. The most beautiful and refined of the goddesses, she owns the necklace Brísingamen, and rides in a chariot pulled by two cats, accompanied by a giant boar named Hildisvíni; in addition to this, Freyja possesses a cloak of falcon feathers. She is married to the god Óðr, by whom she is the mother of the twin goddesses Hnöss and Gersemi. Freyja rules over the heavenly field(s) of Fólkvangr, where she receives half of those that die in battle, as the other half go to Valhalla. The minor goddesses Gefjon, Skaði, Þorgerðr Hölgabrúðr and Irpa (Old Norse: literally “Þorgerðr, Hǫlgi’s bride”), and Menglöð all serve as her handmaidens. 

Her name is often translated into English as Freya when used nowadays, but the original Norwegian name is spelt "Freyja."

The Valkyries, having chosen who is to live and die in battle, collect the souls of those slain and bring them to Valhalla, where they will feast and make revelry with Odin; Freyja herself shares half of these heroes with Odin. Her sacred realm is the field of Fólkvangr, wherein lies her great hall Sessrúmnir. There, Freyja decides where her warriors shall sit.

This is what is written in the original myth:

"The ninth hall is Folkvang, where bright Freyja decides"

"Where her warriors shall sit,"

"Some of the slain belong to her,"

"Some belong to Odin."

Freyja married a god called Óðr. She loves her husband deeply, but he often went away on long journeys, and Freyja cried red golden tears for him. Her tears become gold and amber when they fall to Earth, therefore gold was called "Freyja's tears". They have two beautiful daughters called Hnoss and Gersemi.

Freyja often rides in a chariot pulled by big silver tabby cats (her sacred animal) or on a golden boar named Hildisvíni, who accompanies her in battle. Freyja was renowned for her loveliness and beauty, as the myths tell of three giants who wanted to marry her, but they were all killed by Thor, the god of thunder.

Freyja also has a precious necklace called Brísingamen. The god Loki once stole this necklace, and Freyja had to ask the guardian Heimdall for help. Heimdallr engaged Loki in combat and won against the Trickster, giving the necklace back to Freyja. For this, Loki is also called "Thief of Brisingamen", and Heimdall is also called "Seeker of Brisingamen".

Thrymr, the king of the jǫtnar, once stole Thor's hammer, Mjölnir. When Loki went to Jötunheimr to retrieve the hammer, he found Thrymr, who revealed that he planned to give Mjölnir to Freyja as a wedding gift, as he requested her hand in marriage. When Loki returned to Asgard to deliver the news, Freyja was so angered that the heavens shook, and the necklace Brisingamen broke. When it was decided that Thor would go to Thrymr posing as Freyja (Loki disguised himself as one of the goddess' maidservants), he borrowed the necklace. Upon their arrival, Thrymr threw a huge feast in celebration of the marriage, as he presented Mjölnir to "Freyja" as a wedding gift; Thor then took his hammer, killing Thrymr and all who attended the wedding.

Freyja is a warrior goddess. Whenever she rides into battles, she gets half of the souls of dead heroes. She is also a practitioner of magic, otherwise known as seiðr, and is highly proficient in using it. She has a magical cloak made of falcon feathers which allows her to fly between different worlds.

Freyja is the patron goddess of crops and childbirths. She is also a goddess of love, whom lovers may send prayers to.

Frigg and Freyja were two of the most revered goddesses in Norse mythology. They were especially worshipped by Vikings. Freyja is said to be the kindest among goddesses. In a poem in the Poetic Edda, a young man called Ottar always trusted in the goddesses; he built a rock shrine for the goddesses, and Freyja answered his prayers. She disguised Ottar as her golden boar, and went on a trip to help him find his ancestors.

In final battle of Ragnarök, Odin, and Freyr will die. Freyja is not stated as having died during Ragnarök or surviving.

Freyr's name means "the Lord", and Freyja's name means "the Lady".

The day of the week, Friday, is named either after her, or after Odin's wife Frigg. Before Christianity became the dominant religion of the region, the Orion constellation was called Frigg's distaff or Freyja's girdle. Frigg and Freyja may be one and the same goddess.

Freyja is also widely known as Vanadis (Old Norse: Vanadís - "Lady of the Vanir"). The metallic element Vanadium was named after her. The Vanir are close relatives of elves. Freyr is the Lord of the elves, and his sacred realm is Alfheim, home of the elves.

Another well-known name of Freyja is Gefn, which means "Giver", a suitable name for the fertility goddess.

Freyja represents the Norse women of the Viking Age, whose husbands often went away to war. From Freyja's name, noble Norse women were called Fru, and wives were called house-fru. Frau means "woman" in German.

Freya and Freja are now common Scandinavian female names.

Frigg

Frigg (or Frigga) is the goddess of marriage, family, and motherhood in Norse mythology. She is the wife of Odin (chief of the Æsir), by whom she is the mother of Baldr and Höðr, and stepmother of Thor (Odin's eldest son) and Víðarr. Ruling Asgard as queen alongside the All-Father, Frigg often dwells in the dense, foggy lands of Fensalir (Old Norse: “Halls of Fen”) when her husband is away on one of his quests for knowledge; additionally, she is the only one besides Odin permitted to sit on his throne Hliðskjálf, and look out across the Nine Realms. Serving as Frigg's attendants are Eir, the gods' doctor and goddess of healing, Hlín (a goddess of protection), Gná (a messenger goddess), and Fulla (a fertility goddess). It is unclear whether Frigg's companions and attendants are simply different aspects of Frigg herself (cf. avatar). 

William Wallace

William Wallace ( 127023 August 1305) was a Scottish knight who fought the King of England (Edward I) in the Middle Ages. He was born in c. 1270, and was hanged by the English on 23 August 1305 and had died on the same day. Scotland had been claimed by Edward, and Wallace refused allegiance to Edward.

Wallace was probably born around 1270-1272. Little is known about his birth or childhood. Exactly where and when Wallace was born is not very clear. Some people say he was born about 1272, but a book printed in the 16th century called "History of William Wallace and Scottish Affairs" says he was born in 1276. Tradition says he was born in Elderslie, near Paisley in Renfrewshire. There are links with Ayrshire as well, and it is not clear whether Wallace first fought the English in Ayrshire or Lanark. Tradition sees Wallace as a being a 'commoner', or normal person. Robert the Bruce, who also fought the English, was seen as being more noble. But this is not strictly true because Wallace's family were minor nobles.

King Edward offered Scotland a deal which allowed them to have a Scottish king so long as King Edward was still in charge. This required the Scottish nobles to kneel, and swear allegiance to his sovereignty. Wallace refused, and led the resistance which followed. A series of battles were fought:

Wallace evaded capture by the English until 5 August 1305 when John de Menteith, a Scottish knight loyal to Edward, turned Wallace over to English soldiers at Robroyston near Glasgow. Wallace was taken to London at Westminster Hall, where he was tried for treason. He replied to the charge, "I could not be a traitor to Edward, for I was never his subject". Wallace was however found guilty.

After the trial, on 23 August 1305, Wallace was taken from the hall, stripped naked and dragged through the city at the heels of a horse to the Elms at Smithfield. He was hanged, drawn and quartered–the most terrible execution in English law. It meant he was strangled by hanging but released while he was still alive, his body cut open, and his bowels burnt before him. Then he was beheaded, and his body cut into four parts. His preserved head (dipped in tar) was placed on a pike atop London Bridge. It was later joined by the heads of the brothers John and Simon Fraser, who had been colleagues of Wallace. Wallace's limbs were displayed, separately, in Newcastle upon Tyne, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Stirling, and Aberdeen. 
A book called "The Acts and Deeds of Sir William Wallace, Knight of Elderslie" was written by a minstrel named Blind Harry in the 15th century. The book is written more like a story than a true version of his life, and has led to much of the legends around William Wallace. The film Braveheart is based on the novel.

A plaque stands in a wall of St Bartholomew's Hospital near the site of Wallace's execution at Smithfield. In 2002 William Wallace was ranked as number 48 of the "100 Greatest Britons" in an extensive UK poll conducted by the BBC.

Æsir

The Æsir (Old Norse: singular "ǫ́ss" or "áss"; feminine "ásynja", plural "ásynjur") are the principal group or tribe of deities in Norse mythology. Including Odin, Frigg, Thor, and Baldr, the Æsir reside in the realm of Asgard, at the top of Yggdrasil's highest branch. Alongside the Æsir exists a second family of gods known as the Vanir, who joined with the Æsir to form a single, unified pantheon after the devastating war between the two tribes of deities. The Vanir were native to Vanaheimr, the god Njörðr and his children, Freyr and Freyja chief among them. The Æsir gods were usually connected with power and war, while the Vanir were associated with fertility and nature.

The things that happened between the Æsir and the Vanir are an interesting part of Norse mythology. While other cultures have had "elder" and "younger" generations of gods, as with the Titans and the Olympians of ancient Greece, the Æsir and Vanir were portrayed as contemporaries. The two tribes fought battles, concluded treaties, and exchanged hostages; Freyr and Freyja were said to be hostages. Some believe that events that occurred between the Æsir and Vanir were a reflection of events common between different Norse clans at the time.

The Æsir did not grow old, instead remaining young by eating the apples of Iðunn. While they did not age, they could be killed. It was said that most of them will die at Ragnarök.



Braveheart

Braveheart is an American historical movie war drama movie starring Mel Gibson and Sophie Marceau. It is loosely based around the life of 13th century Scottish warrior William Wallace, who fought against the English when they occupied Scotland.



Semiconductor

A semiconductor is a material that in some cases will conduct electricity but not in others. Good electrical conductors, like copper or silver, easily allow electricity to flow through them. Materials that block the flow of electricity, like rubber or plastic, are called insulators. Insulators are often used to protect people from electric shock. As the name implies, a semiconductor does not conduct as well as a conductor. Silicon is the most used semiconductor, but gallium arsenide is also used.

By the addition of different atoms into the crystal lattice (grid) of the semiconductor it changes its conductivity by making n-type and p-type semiconductors. Silicon is the most important commercial semiconductor, though many others are used. They can be made into transistors, which are small amplifiers. Transistors are used in computers, mobile phones, digital audio players and many other electronic devices.

Like other solids, the electrons in semiconductors can have energies only within certain bands (i.e. ranges of energy levels) between the energy of the ground state, corresponding to electrons tightly bound to the atomic nuclei of the material, and the free electron energy, which is the energy required for an electron to escape entirely from the material.

Semiconductors were being studied in laboratories as early as the 1830s. In 1833 Michael Faraday was experimenting with silver sulfide. He discovered that as the material was heated it conducted electricity better. This was the opposite of how copper acted. When copper is heated it conducts less electricity. A number of other early experimenters discovered other properties of semiconductors. In 1947 at Bell Labs in New Jersey, the transistor was invented. This led to the development of integrated circuits, which power almost all electronic devices today.

Doping is the process of adding a small impurity to a pure semiconductor to change its electrical properties. Lightly and moderately doped semiconductors are called extrinsic. A semiconductor doped to such high levels that it acts more like a conductor than a semiconductor is referred to as degenerate. Most semiconductors are made out of silicon crystals. Pure silicon has little use but doped silicon is the basis for most semiconductors. Silicon Valley was named for the large number of semiconductor startup companies that were located there.

Today, semiconductors are used far and wide. Semiconductors can be found in nearly every electronic device. Desktop computers, the Internet, tablet devices, smartphones all would not be possible without semiconductors.
Semiconductors can be made into very precise switches with a small amount of voltage. The voltage that the semiconductor doesn’t need can be sent to other electrical components in the device. Semiconductors can also be made very tiny and many of them can fit into a rather small circuit. Since they can be made so small, electrical devices today can be made thin and lightweight without compromising processing power.
Some of the dominating companies in the semiconductor business are Intel Corporation, Samsung Electronics, TSMC, Qualcomm and Micron Technology.


Curium

Curium is a synthetic chemical element in the periodic table that has the atomic number 96. It has the chemical symbol Cm and it is a radioactive metal. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the actinides. Curium is a transuranic element. It is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature. Curium has a silver color and it is made by bombarding a plutonium target with alpha particles (helium ions). Curium was named after Marie Curie and her husband Pierre.

Curium is used currently in rovers and space machinery.

Lanark

Lanark is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is close to Carluke and Biggar. Lanark is approximately 40 miles from Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland. William Wallace once lived there. There is a statue of Wallace on the town church. A plaque remembers where he "first drew sword to free his native land" in 1296, when he killed Heselrig, the English sheriff of Lanark. This event forms the start of the Mel Gibson film, "Braveheart". 

Lanark is also notable for its annual Lanimer celebrations, where local children on coloured floats parade through the streets along with marching pipe bands. A Lanimer Queen is elected from the children, and crowned in a ceremony at the foot of the High Street. A Lord Cornet is chosen from local businessmen, and acts as escort for the Queen for the events of Lanimer Week.

Robert I of Scotland

Robert I of Scotland (11 July 1274 – 7 June 1329) was King of Scotland from 1306 to 1329. He is better known as Robert the Bruce, or simply The Bruce. He is famous for beating the English army at the Battle of Bannockburn near Stirling in 1314.

Robert the Bruce was born at Turnberry Castle on 11 July 1274. He was the oldest son of the sixth Robert Bruce and Marjorie, the Countess of Carrick. 
Robert the Bruce's family originally came from France. They were from a place called Brus in Normandy, which is in the northern part of France. An ancestor also named Robert de Brus came to England with William the Conqueror in 1066. Another Robert de Brus came to Scotland with David I of Scotland and his family became powerful lords.

In 1286, King Alexander III of Scotland died. His granddaughter was supposed to become Queen of Scotland, but she died too. In 1292 the Bruce family and another family called the Balliols (BAY-lee-ols) asked King Edward I of England to decide who would become the new king. King Edward chose John Balliol.

In 1292 Robert's family decided that he should be the head of all the Bruces in Scotland. In 1297, King Edward I of England wanted Scotland go to war against France. Many Scottish leaders said no and against the English king. Robert joined this rebellion. Edward won most of the battles against the Scottish rebels. Finally Robert ended up doing what Edward wanted.

In 1306, Robert the Bruce met a man called John Comyn III (KOHM-in) in a church. John Comyn also wanted to be King of Scotland. They had an argument and Robert killed John. Soon after, Robert went to Scone (skoon), and the Scottish lords brought out the royal clothes that they had hidden from the English. Then Robert was crowned King of Scots.

Robert the Bruce then fought a lot of battles to make Scotland free instead of always doing what the English king wanted. He fought King Edward I, and then his son, King Edward II. In 1314, Robert the Bruce's army defeated Edward II's army at the Battle of Bannockburn.

In 1315, Robert the Bruce sent his army to Ireland. At that time the English were in control of Ireland. Robert fought with them and made his brother, Edward Bruce, High King of Ireland in 1316. The Scottish army did not treat the Irish people well, and they were forced to leave after Edward Bruce was killed in 1318.

On June 7th, 1329, Robert the Bruce died. After a life of fighting he had wanted to redeem himself by joining the Crusades. Realizing he could not accomplish this he sent his trusted friend Sir James Douglas to take his heart in a small silver box on crusade. James Douglas took the heart and with several knights left on their journey to honor Robert's request. But in fighting in Spain Sir James was killed and the heart was returned to Scotland. the Bruce's body is buried in Dunfermline Abbey, while his heart is buried in Melrose Abbey.

Robert did not want any fighting over his kingdom after he died. He provided for his brother Edward Bruce to follow him as king. But after Edward died in 1318 Robert's heir became his son David who became king as David II of Scotland. Following David, Robert's grandson Robert II Stewart by his daughter Marjorie was heir to the throne king as Robert II of Scotland. He left behind him a well-ordered kingdom.

In 1295 Robert married Isabella of Mar, daughter of Donald, 6th Earl of Mar. Together they had a daughter:
<br>
In 1302 Robert married his second wife Elizabeth de Burgh. She was the daughter of Richard de Burgh, Earl of Ulster Together they had:
<br>
Robert also had several illegitimate children.

Geelong

Geelong is the second biggest city in the state of Victoria, Australia. It has a large port and 190,000 people living in its area. Geelong at Corio Bay, which is 75 kilometres south-west 
Melbourne.

The city is a near many famous tourist attractions, for example the Great Ocean Road, the Shipwreck Coast and the Bellarine Peninsula. Geelong also has the second oldest Australian rules football club in the world, the Geelong Football Club, also called "The Cats".


Monty Python's Life of Brian

Monty Python's Life of Brian is a 1979 comedy movie by Monty Python. It is about the life of Brian Cohen (Graham Chapman), a young man born on the same night and the same neighbourhood as Jesus Christ. People mistake Brian for the Messiah.

Foundry

A foundry is a place where molten (melted) metals are poured into casts, to make metal things of a certain shape. Aluminum and cast iron are most commonly casted in foundries, but other metals, like bronze, can be casted as well. During casting, parts of different sizes and shapes can be made.

Foundries also recycle used metals and recasts them into more useful forms.

Call of Duty series

Call of Duty (COD) is a video game series started in the early 2000s. 

The first 6 games are about World War II, but the series began branching out beginning with "Modern Warfare". The series now spans World War II, the Cold War, the present, the near future, and the far future. The "Modern Warfare" series takes place in present times and is developed by Infinity Ward. Infinity Ward also created "." The "Black Ops" series takes place in the secret missions of the Cold War and in the future, and is developed by Treyarch. The majority of the games have been developed by Infinity Ward and Treyarch, with studio Sledgehammer Games developing , , and . Many smaller studios have also assisted with development duties. 

The "Call of Duty" games are on the Gamecube, Xbox, PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, PC, Nintendo Wii, Wii U, and the Nintendo DS. The first four games are rated Teen, and each game released after that is rated Mature for blood, violence and strong language. 

The games in the series are: 




Elementary particle

In physics, an elementary particle or fundamental particle is a particle that is not made of other particles.

An elementary particle can be one of two groups: a fermion or a boson. Fermions are the building blocks of matter and have mass, while bosons behave as force carriers for relations between fermion and some of them have no mass. The Standard Model is the most accepted way to explain how particles behave, and the forces that affect them. According to this model, the elementary particles are further grouped into quarks, leptons, and gauge bosons, with the Higgs boson having a special status as a non-gauge boson.

Of the particles that make up an atom, only the electron is an elementary particle. Protons and neutrons are each made of 3 quarks, which makes them composite particles, particles that are made of other particles. The quarks are bound together by the gluons. The nucleus has boson pion fields responsible for the strong nuclear force binding protons and neutrons against the electrostatic repulsion between protons. Such virtual pions are composed of quark antiquark pairs again held together by gluons.

There are three basic properties that describe an elementary particle: ’mass’, ’charge’, and ’spin’. Each property is assigned a number value. For mass and charge the number can be zero. For example, a photon has zero mass and a neutrino has zero charge. These properties always stay the same for an elementary particle.

Mass and charge are properties we see in everyday life, because gravity and electricity affect things that humans see and touch. But spin affects only the world of subatomic particles, so it cannot be directly observed.

Fermions (named after the scientist Enrico Fermi) have a spin number of ½, and are either quarks or leptons. There are 12 different types of fermions (not including antimatter). Each type is called a "flavor". The flavors are:

Six of the 12 fermions are thought to last forever: up and down quarks, the electron, and the three kinds of neutrinos (which constantly switch flavor). The other fermions "decay". That is, they break down into other particles a fraction of a second after they are created. Fermi-Dirac statistics is a theory that describes how collections of fermions behave.

Bosons, named after the Indian physicist Satyendra Nath Bose. Bosonic particles have spin 1 (integral spin). Although most bosons are made of more than one particle, there are two kinds of elementary bosons:

The photon and the gluons have no charge, and are the only elementary particles that have a mass of 0 for certain. The photon is the only boson that does not decay. Bose-Einstein statistics is a theory that describes how collections of bosons behave. Unlike fermions, it is possible to have more than one boson in the same space at the same time.

The Standard Model includes all of the elementary particles described above. All these particles have been observed in the laboratory.

The Standard Model does not talk about gravity. If gravity works like the three other fundamental forces, then gravity is carried by the hypothetical boson called the graviton. The graviton has yet to be found, so it is not included in the table above.

The first fermion to be discovered, and the one we know the most about, is the electron. The first boson to be discovered, and also the one we know the most about, is the photon. The theory that most accurately explains how the electron, photon, electromagnetism, and electromagnetic radiation all work together is called quantum electrodynamics.

Seamonkey

Seamonkey may mean:


Spin (physics)

In physics, spin is the constant rotation of an object. 

For large visible objects like the Earth, spin is the angular momentum of the turning of the Earth around its axis. This tells the amount of rotation that it has. Angular momentum changes with the mass and shape of the object, and with how fast it is turning.

Experiments such as the Stern-Gerlach experiment have shown that sub-atomic particles, such as electrons, seem to have a north pole and a south pole much like magnets do. Scientists once thought that this was caused by the particle spinning on its axis like a planet.

Later, it was shown that the electron would have to be spinning faster than the speed of light to do this. This is why scientists no longer believe that the electron is actually spinning like a planet. Scientists do, however, continue to refer to the magnetic properties of particles as "spin".

Spin, whatever it is, seems to follow some of the laws of angular momentum, but not all of them. A "spinning" electron (or any other sub-atomic particle with spin) can only have certain values of angular momentum. Electrons can also align themselves against a magnetic field in ways that would be impossible in the everyday world.

Spin is considered a fundamental property of any particle.  


Bendigo, Victoria

Bendigo is a city in central Victoria, Australia. There are about 86,000 people in Bendigo. It is the fourth biggest city in Victoria after Melbourne, Geelong and Ballarat. The city area is and has the towns Bendigo, Marong, Lockwood, Lockwood South, Ravenswood, Sebastian, Elmore, Heathcote, Maiden Gully, Lake Eppalock, Axedale, Goornong, Raywood and Huntly, all together, there are 100,000 people living there.

Strathfieldsaye is a small suburb in Bendigo. It takes its name from Stratfield Saye House, which was awarded to the Duke of Wellington after his defeat of Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo. In the 2011 census, Strathfieldsaye had a population of 4,648. 

Ballarat

Ballarat is a city in central Victoria, Australia. Nearly 90,200 people live there, which makes it the third biggest city in Victoria, after Melbourne and Geelong. It is also the biggest city that is not on the coast in Victoria. It is about north-west of Melbourne. The city area covers about .

Tribes of Australian Aboriginals, the Wathaurang and the Borneghurk, used to rest here, and called it "Balla-arat" meaning "Resting - Place"

The first people from Europe came to Ballarat in 1837 to be sheep farmers. They took over large areas of land, with some farms more than . By 1840 there were more than 20 farms with thousands of sheep in the Ballarat area. The city area was a farm owned by William Cross Yuille and Henry Anderson who arrived in 1838.
Gold was found at Ballarat in late August 1851, by James Regan and John Dunlop and within three weeks there were nearly 1000 people digging in the area looking for gold. In two days the Cavanagh brothers dug up of gold from a hole less than two metres deep. This area is now called "Golden Point". Within a year there were 20,000 people living in Ballarat. With so many people coming to look for gold, the town soon became bigger. The Post Office opened on November 1, 1851.

Ballarat is famous as the site for an uprising, or rebellion. This is known as the Eureka Stockade or the Eureka Rebellion, which took place on 3 December 1854. About 30 miners were killed. This is an important moment in Australian history. The site now has a museum, called the Eureka Centre, with displays about the rebellion. The rebel miners flag, the Eureka Flag can be seen at the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery.

Gold mining made Ballarat a rich town, and it was made a city in 1871. The railway came to the town with the opening of the Geelong-Ballarat line in 1862, and a direct line to Melbourne finished in December 1889.

The money made from gold mining can still be seen in size of many public buildings, the large parks, wide streets, the grand style of shops and hotels, and large houses built for the wealthy residents. From the 1880s to the start of the 20th century the city changed from a gold rush town to a large industrial city. Factories that made equipment for mining slowly changed into engineering and manufacturing businesses. The Victorian Railways built the Ballarat North Workshops in April 1917.

During 1901, the Duke of Cornwall and York, later King George V, opened the first Commonwealth Parliament in Melbourne. While in Victoria, the Duke and Duchess made several journeys by train, on 13 May they went from Melbourne to Ballarat via Geelong, returning to Melbourne via Bacchus Marsh. Ballarat's airport was opened in 1930.

In 1940 the Federal Government took over the airport as an air base for the Empire Air Training Scheme. During WWII the base was a RAAF Wireless Air Gunners' School as well as the base for USAAF Liberator bomber squadrons. During the war the airport was made much bigger, with three sealed runways. Two of these were over 2,000 metres (6,550 ft) long and 45 metres (150 ft) wide. The aerodrome remained the RAAF School of Radio until 1961 when it was returned to normal use. The City of Ballarat now runs the airport which is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register for its social and historic importance.

After World War II, Ballarat grew to the northwest. To ease the housing shortage a large estate was built by the Housing Commission of Victoria on the old Ballarat Common This area is now called Wendouree West. From 1951 to 1962, 750 houses were built, with another 300 added in the 1970s. This was matched by private housing built in Wendouree.

In the 1980s the areas of growth have been in the south and west of the city, as well as new building in the inner areas of the city. Through the 20th century Ballarat continued to grow at a steady rate. New public buildings have been built including the hospital, the library, the law courts and the police station complex. Ballarat is home to many schools, including Damascus College.


Heimdall

Heimdall (or Heimdallr) is one of the gods in Northern mythology. He is the guardian of the Bifröst Bridge. He was the son of nine different mothers and was called the "White God". 

Heimdall is the guardian of the gods. He will blow a horn, called the "Gjallarhorn", if Asgard is in danger. His senses are so good that he can hear the grass grow and he can see to the end of the world. Heimdall could hear a leaf fall. He does not need any sleep at all. 

Heimdall was said to be the last of the gods to die at Ragnarok when he and Loki would kill one another.

Tantalum

Tantalum is a chemical element. Tantalum was named tantalium. It has the chemical symbol Ta. It has the atomic number 73. It is a rare metal. It is hard and blue-gray. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals.

Tantalum does not easily corrode. It is found in the mineral tantalite.

Hafnium

Hafnium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Hf. It has the atomic number 72. It is a metal. It is silver gray. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. The chemistry of hafnium is similar to zirconium.

Hafnium is found in zirconium minerals. 

Hafnium is used in tungsten alloys in filaments and electrodes. It is also used as a neutron absorber in control rods in nuclear power plants.


Lutetium

Lutetium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Lu. It has the atomic number 71. It is a metal and a rare earth element. It is silver white. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. Lutetium can also be grouped with the lanthanides because it is near the lanthanides in the Periodic Table. Its physical properties are like the lanthanides.


Anaheim Ducks

The Anaheim Ducks are an ice hockey team from Anaheim, California. They are in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Ducks changed the name on June 22, 2006. They used to be the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. The name comes from the Disney movie "The Mighty Ducks".

The team was created in 1991 and started playing in the 1993 season. The Ducks were originally owned by The Walt Disney Company. In 2005, Disney sold the Ducks to Susan and Henry Samueli

They are in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They play their home games at Honda Center, in Anaheim, California. Their team colors are black, gold, and orange. Dallas Eakins is the team's head coach. Ryan Getzlaf is the captain of the team. 

To date, they have won one Stanley Cup. It was in the 2006-2007 season. The Anaheim Ducks won the conference championship in the 2002-03 season and 2006-2007 season. They have won 6 Pacific division titles.


Móði and Magni

Magni and Móði (Old Norse: "strength" and "bravery") are a pair of minor deities in Norse mythology. They are sons of the god Thor, said to be embodiments of their father's traits. While Magni is born to Thor by the jötunn Járnsaxa (a lover of Thor), the name of Móði's mother is unknown. 

Other than his part after Ragnarök, little is known about Móði. Magni however, is featured prominently in the myth of Thor's battle with the giant Hrungnir. 

Thor hit the giant Hrungnir in the head with his hammer, Mjölnir, shattering Hrungnir's skull. The giant then fell dead, as his leg landed on Thor's neck, pinning the god to the ground. The other Æsir tried to lift Hrungnir's leg off of Thor, but were unsuccessful. Thor's son, Magni, who was only three days old at the time, then came to his father and lifted Hrungnir's leg off of Thor all by himself. In his gratitude, Thor gifted his son Hrungnir's horse, Gullfaxi (Old Norse: "Gold-mane"). Odin himself was upset that Thor gave the horse to "the son of a giantess" and not to Odin, Thor's own father. 

Kerosene

Kerosene or paraffin oil is a colourless flammable liquid, usually used for fuel. Kerosene is made by fractional distillation of petroleum. It may be used as fuel for lamps, in some kinds of cooking stoves and heaters, and there are even kerosene refrigerators. Kerosene is mainly used in the fuel for jet engines. The most common consumer use for kerosene in Canada and the US is lighting camp lamps. Kerosene is used as cooking fuel in some places, such as South Asia. Kerosene is also used to store sodium and other alkali metals.

Brass instrument

A brass instrument is a musical instrument that you play by blowing through a mouthpiece to change the pitch, or note. 

Brass players use their breath to produce sound. Instead of blowing into a reed, they vibrate their lips by buzzing them against a metal cup-shaped mouthpiece. The mouthpiece helps to amplify the buzzing, which creates the sound. Most brass instruments have valves attached to their long pipes; the valves look like buttons. Pressing on the valves makes them open and close different parts of the pipe.

With brass instruments, the sound starts at the lips.
Their mouthpieces just help your lips buzz. It does not matter if the instrument is really made of brass, as long as it works that way. 

It is not important what the instrument is made of. Some brass instruments are really made of wood, but are still called brass instruments, like the serpent. Other instruments are made of brass but do not work like this, like the saxophone. They are not called brass instruments, because they don't work that way.

There are also parts of the instrument that change the resonance and thus the pitch, like slides or valves.

A brass band is a group of brass instruments and drums that play music together. They are often used to play for parades and processions because the players can march and play at the same time. Brass bands were very popular in England. Many factories and coal mines had their own bands. The workers would play in the bands after work. One famous band is the Grimethorpe Colliery Band.


Crystallization

Crystallization is the way that atoms link up in a regular structure. The structure is held together by chemical bonds or connected groups. Crystallization can be from a melt or from a solution, and can be natural or artificial. Rarely, crystal can form directly from a gas. Faster crystallization makes smaller size crystals as in basalt, and slower can make bigger crystals, as in granite. 

Crystallization occurs in two major steps. The first is "nucleation". This is the appearance of a crystalline phase from a super-cooled liquid or a supersaturated solvent. The second step is "crystal growth", where more atoms link up with the crystal structure. This means the (crystal) particles get bigger; this leads to a crystal state. Loose particles form layers at the crystal's surface and lodge themselves into open pores, cracks, etc.

Artificial crystallization is a technique to get solid crystals from a homogeneous solution. For crystallization to occur the solution should be supersaturated. Put simply, the solution should contain more solute molecules than it would under ordinary conditions. This can be achieved by various methods—solvent evaporation, cooling, and chemical reaction.

To make things clear we can use a simple example. We take a bowl of water to which we add sugar crystals. We keep adding sugar to it until we reach a stage when no more crystals can be dissolved. This solution is now a saturated one. It is interesting to note that we can dissolve more crystals to this particular saturated solution by heating it. Solubility of solutes increases with increase in temperature, but there are exceptional cases. This increase in temperature causes more sugar crystals to dissolve (so forming a supersaturated solution). When the temperature of the solution cools down, the solubility goes down, i.e. not as much sugar can be dissolved, so the extra sugar crystallizes out. This process is one of the simplest supersaturation techniques. 

'Drowning' is the addition of a non-solvent in the solution that decreases the solubility of the solid. Alternatively, chemical reactions can also be used to decrease the solubility of the solid in the solvent, thus working towards supersaturation.

Crystallization can be divided into stages primary nucleation is the first. It is the growth of a new crystal. In turn this causes secondary nucleation – the final stage if removal of the crystals is not an issue. Secondary nucleation needs existing crystals to continue crystal growth. In our sugar example, we had got such nuclei when the 'excess' sugar had just about crystallized out. Secondary nucleation is the main stage in crystallization for this is what causes the 'mass production' of crystals. Crystals start to form when the liquid starts to cool and harden.

Stir frying

Stir frying is a when food is cooked in a Wok (a traditional Asian pan for cooking). This method usually makes food cook faster.

Ragnarok Online

Ragnarok Online is an online computer game. It was made by Gravity Corp. It is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game. The game was first released in 2002.

Cairns

Cairns () is a city in Queensland, Australia. 120.000 people live there. Cairns is about 1720 km (1,069 miles) north of Brisbane and about 2500km (1,553 miles) from Sydney by road. It is built on the shores of Trinity Bay.

Cairns is an important travel destination for tourists because it has a games arcade at Cairns Central, Public toilets, Zoo's, Casinos, Various Takeaway shops, Pubs, Nightclubs, Movie theatres and Beaches, it is warm all year round and is near many attractions. The Great Barrier Reef is only one-and-a-half hours away by boat. The Daintree National Park and Cape Tribulation, about 130km north of Cairns, are popular areas for experiencing a tropical rainforest. It is also a starting point for people wanting to see Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.

Captain James Cook named Trinity Bay when he arrived there in his ship HM Bark Endeavour on Trinity Sunday, 1770. The first Europeans to settle arrived in 1876 when gold was found near Cairns. It was named after the Governor of Queensland, Sir William Cairns.

Arabian Sea

The Arabian Sea is the northwest part of the Indian ocean. To its west are the Guardafui Channel, Somali Sea and Arabian peninsula. To its east is the Indian peninsula. It covers around . The Arabian Sea one of the warmest seas.

The International Hydrographic Organization defines the limits of the Arabian Sea as follows:

The countries into which the Arabian Sea drains include:

Other names for the sea include:

The Arabian Sea, historically and geographically, has been referred to by different names by Turks, Persians, Arabs, and scholars of Geography and cartography in medieval Islam, European geographers and travelers, including the Ministry of Iran.

In Indian folklore, it is referred to as Darya, Sindhu Sagar, and Arab Samudra.

Arab sailors and nomads used to call this sea by different names, including the green sea, Bahre Fars, the ocean sea, the Hindu sea, the Makran Sea, the sea of Oman, among them the Zakariya al-Qazwini, Al-Masudi , Ibn Hawqal and (Hafiz-i Abru) They wrote: “The green sea and Indian sea and Persian sea are all one sea and in this sea there are strange creatures. Ibn Khordadbeh, Ibn Sa'id al-Maghribi, Muhammad al-Idrisi, Istakhri, Mahmud al-Kashgari, Khashkhash Ibn Saeed Ibn Aswad, and Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi had mentioned the sea as Persian sea and Bahr e Fars.
Some medieval maps, including the map by Vincenzo Maria, Coronelli, 1693 had mentioned the Persian sea and also Macran. Cornelius Le Brun's Year 1718 Map. On this map, the name of the Oman Sea is recorded as "Gulf of Hormuz". Map of Iran in the 16th century by Abraham Ortelius in which the name of the Persian Sea and the Indian Sea appear. Iran, had in the past, been called persian sea, but now like Turkey, it is called Oman sea together with the gulf of Oman Encyclopædia Iranica also call it Oman sea.

Many atlases had published old maps of Asia and Indian ocean such as Atlas of The Arabian Peninsula in Old European Maps.Paris, 424pp. contains 253 maps.10 maps have used persian Sea (for the body of water which is now called Arabian sea)the maps in pages: -141-226-323-322-331-345-347-363-355• such as the hours shape map of Bunting H.S.Q34/24CM Hanover,1620.



Base (chemistry)

A base is a substance that can accept a hydrogen ion (H+) from another substance. A chemical can accept a proton if it has a negative charge, or if the molecule has an electronegative atom like oxygen, nitrogen, or chlorine that is rich in electrons. Like acids, some bases are strong and others are weak. The weak bases are less likely to accept protons, while the strong bases quickly take protons in solution or from other molecules.
An acid is a base's "chemical opposite". An acid is a substance that will donate a hydrogen atom to the base. 

Bases have a pH greater than 7.0. Weak bases generally have a pH value of 79 while strong bases have a pH value of 9–14. 

Bases can be used to neutralize acids. When a base, often OH, accepts a proton from an acid, it forms a water molecule which is harmless. When all of the acids and bases react to form water molecules and other neutral salts, it is called neutralization. Acids can also be used to neutralize bases. 

Every base has a conjugate acid formed by adding a hydrogen atom to the base. For example, NH (ammonia) is a base and its conjugate acid is the ammonium ion, NH. A weak base forms a strong conjugate acid and a strong base forms a weaker conjugate acid. Since ammonia is a moderately strong base, ammonium is a considerably weaker acid.

Bases have these characteristics:

Some common household products are bases. For example, caustic soda and drain cleaner are made from sodium hydroxide, a strong base. Ammonia or an ammonia-based cleaner such as window and glass cleaner, is basic. These stronger bases may cause a skin irritation. Other bases, like cooking ingredients sodium bicarbonate (baking soda) or cream of tartar are basic, but these are not harmful and suitable for cooking. 

Gloves should always be worn when handling bases. If skin irritation is encountered, the affected area should be rinsed thoroughly with cold water. If that does not stop the problem, contact medical help as soon as possible.

A strong base is a base that gives off a hydroxide ion, OH–, when put in water. There are eight of them.

Ytterbium

Ytterbium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Yb. It has the atomic number 70 which means it has 70 protons in an atom. It is part of a group of chemical elements in the periodic table named the Lanthanides. Ytterbium, along with yttrium, terbium, and erbium, is one of the four elements to be named after the town of Ytterby in Sweden, all of which are rare earth elements. It is soft and silver in color.

Ytterbium is found in minerals named gadolinite, monazite, and xenotime. In nature it is found as a mix of seven stable isotopes. Ytterbium is used in some steels and is also used to make lasers.


Heart transplant

A heart transplant is a type of surgery where someone's damaged or failing heart is removed and replaced with a healthier donor heart, likely to be from someone who passed just a few hours prior to the surgery. it is required that two or more healthcare providers declare the donor brain-dead.

It is otherwise known as an 'open heart procedure', taking several hours to accomplish. The first heart transplant on a human was done by Christiaan Barnard on Louis Washkansky, a 54-year-old with both diabetes and incurable heart disease at the time. This procedure was carried out on Sunday 3rd December 1967.


Joan Baez

Joan Chandos Baez (born January 9, 1941) is an American folk singer and activist. Baez is known for her very individual vocal style. She is a soprano with a three-octave vocal range. Many of her songs talk about social issues.

She is best known for her 1970s hits "Diamonds & Rust" and "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down". She is also known for "Sweet Sir Galahad" and "Joe Hill." She sang these songs at the 1969 Woodstock festival and the songs became famous. She is also well known due to her relationship with Bob Dylan and her love for activism in areas such as nonviolence, civil and human rights and the environment.

Baez has performed for nearly fifty years. She has released over thirty albums. She has recorded songs in over eight languages. Baez is considered a folksinger, but after the 1960s her music became a lot different from folk. She sings many kinds of music, including rock, pop, country, and gospel. Baez is famous for singing other peoples' songs very differently. She sang songs by The Beatles, Jackson Browne, Paul Simon, The Rolling Stones, Stevie Wonder and many others.

Baez protests against social and environmental problems. She did not support the Vietnam War. She did not want people to pay taxes that paid for the Vietnam War. Baez did not want men going to fight in the war. She did not perform in places where people of color were treated differently. In addition, Baez helped found the Resource Center for Nonviolence. The Resource Center for Nonviolence is an organization whose goal is to make social change without violence.

Kalmar Union

The Kalmar Union was a historical consisting union of the kingdoms of Denmark, Norway and Sweden, and various other provinces and areas. At that time, Norway included Iceland, Greenland, the Faroe Islands, Shetland, Orkney, and parts of Finland belonged to Sweden. The union was started in 1397 at a meeting in the town of Kalmar in Sweden. The union ended on 6 June 1523 when Sweden left the union by Gustav I.


Bay of Plenty

The Bay of Plenty is a region in New Zealand. It was first called the Bay of Plenty by Captain James Cook in November 1769. The Māori name for the bay is "Te Moana-a-Toi" ("the sea of Toi").

Plotter

A plotter is a kind of printer for computers. Plotters use vector graphics. Usually they are used to print to paper which is very large in size. Plotters print things using special, colored pens. There is one called the drum plotter. They are often used in warehouses. They are generally used for making flex or maps.

Dot matrix printing

Dot-matrix printers are printers for computers. A dot matrix printer creates characters by striking pins against ink ribbons. The print head moves back and forth on the paper like a typewriter and prints the image Each pin makes a dot, and combinations of dots form characters and pictures. This is much like a typewriter. Each character is made from a matrix of dots. These were used a lot in the 1970s to the 1990s. Today, dot matrix printers are not used by many people anymore. Most people use inkjet printers or laser printers now. They are still in use where forms (with multiple copies) need to be filled out. It is not advisable for office uses as it is an impact printer (make noise as the job is getting done). It prints information on a stationery paper 

Vercingetorix

Vercingetorix ( in Gaulish) born c.82 BC, died 46 BC. was a chieftain of the Gallic tribe of the Arverni. 

He led the Gauls in 52 BC against the Roman army in Gaul led by Julius Caesar. Vercingetorix's name in Gaulish means "over-king of the marching men"; the "marching men" would now be called "infantry".

Vercingetorix was probably one of the first to unite some tribes of Gaul against a common enemy. This was the last major uprising of the peoples of Gaul against the Roman invaders.

After the celebration of Caesar's triumph was over, Vercingetorix was executed.

Philippe Noiret

Philippe Noiret (1 October 1930, in Lille, France – 23 November 2006 in Paris) was a well-known French actor. He is probably best known for his role in Cinema Paradiso, and for playing Pablo Neruda in the film Il Postino. He died on November 23, 2006 of cancer.
Film

Monica Bellucci

Monica Bellucci (born on 30 September 1964 is an Italian actress. She was born in Città di Castello, Umbria. Bellucci started modelling at 16. She is the daughter of Maria Gustinelli, a painter, and Luigi Bellucci, who owned a trucking company. She used to be a fashion model. She speaks Italian, French, and English fluently and has acted in each of these languages, as well as Aramaic. She is currently considered as an Italian sex symbol. Bellucci is married to Vincent Cassel and has a daughter named Deva (born 12 September 2004). In 2004, while pregnant with her daughter, Bellucci posed nude for the Italian "Vanity Fair" Magazine in protest against Italian laws that allow only married couples to use in-vitro fertilization and that prevent the use of donor sperm.



Murrayfield Stadium

Murrayfield Stadium in Edinburgh is the home of the Scottish national rugby team. It was first built in 1925. In 1995, the stadium was renovated. It has seats for 67,144 people. It held the record for the most people at a rugby union match. 104,000 people watched Scotland play Wales in 1975.

List of football clubs in Sweden

This is a list of football clubs in Sweden.


Å Ä Ö



























Allmänna Idrottsklubben

AIK (which stands for Allmänna Idrottsklubben), is a sports club from Sweden. It is one of the biggest and one of the oldest in the country. It was founded in 1891. The name means "Common" (or "Public") "Sports Club". It has departments for many different sports including football, ice hockey, bandy, golf, table tennis, bowling, and handball.


Network Ten

Network Ten is one of three major television networks in Australia. It started broadcasting television in 1965, when they were called Independent Television Network.

Shows that Network Ten buy from other countries and broadcast in Australia include:

Shows made in Australia for Network Ten include:

Seven Network

Seven Network is one of three major television networks in Australia. It started broadcasting in 1956. In recent years, it has grown into a diversified media company. Seven Network's main shareholder is Kerry Stokes.

Seven Network's studio headquarters are in a converted warehouse at Jones Bay Wharf in Pyrmont, Sydney. Its headquarters for its news department are in Martin Place, Sydney. Seven's major production facilities are at Epping in Sydney's northern suburbs. Seven Network are planning to move their production facilities to a specially built site at the Australian Technology Park in Redfern.

Accounting

Accounting or accountancy is the job of sharing financial information about a business to managers and shareholders or owners. Accounting is often called the "language of business". Accountants are people who do accounting, and also carry out the auditing or checking of a company's books and records. In Britain, this auditing is often carried out by a qualified person called a "chartered accountant". In the United States, the professional designation is Certified Public Accountant or "CPA".

When accountants do accounting work, they write in the books of account (ledgers) that belong to a company. Every time money is spent or earned, it is written in the ledger. The information in the ledger is used to prepare the company accounts monthly, quarterly (every three months) and annually (every year). The accounts show what money the company has taken in over time and what it has spent money on. It also shows if the business made a profit in the year (if it made more money than it spent), who owes the company money, who the company owes money to, and any big expensive items the company has bought which they expect to use for many years. Lenders, managers, investors, tax authorities (the people who collect taxes for the government) and other decision-makers look at these accounts. Managers and investors look at the ledger and make decisions about how to spend money in the future. Lenders like banks look at the accounts before they lend money to the company. Tax authorities look at them to check that the company is paying the correct amount of taxes.

The word "accountant" originally comes from the Latin word "computare" – "to reckon, count, number", via French. "Accomptant" was the original spelling and pronunciation of the word "accountant". However, over time, people began to drop the "p" in the word "accomptant". Over time, the word changed both in the way it was said and spelled to how it is today.

The basic accounting equation is assets=liabilities+equity.

Accountancy is very old. It started when humans first started to farm and form towns and cities. People who thought about economics (keeping track of money and valuable things) thought of a way to write down the size and values of crops.

The earliest accounting records were found among the ruins of ancient Babylon, Assyria and Sumeria, which are more than 7,000 years old. The people of that time relied on primitive accounting methods to record the growth of crops and herds. Because there is a natural season for farming and herding, it is easy to count and determine if a surplus had been gained after the crops had been harvested or the young animals weaned.

The invention of a form of bookkeeping using clay tokens represented a huge cognitive leap for mankind.

In the twelfth-century A.D., the Arab writer, Ibn Taymiyyah, wrote a book called "Hisba". This book has details about accounting systems that were used by Muslims before the mid-seventh century A.D. Muslim accounting was influenced (changed) by Romans and Persians. In his book, Ibn Taymiyyah gives details of a complex governmental accounting system.

The "Res Gestae Divi Augusti" (Latin: "The Deeds of the Divine Augustus") is a remarkable account to the Roman people of the Emperor Augustus' stewardship. It listed and quantified his public expenditure. This included distributions to the people, grants of land or money to army veterans, subsidies to the "aerarium" (treasury), building of temples, religious offerings, and expenditures on theatrical shows and gladiatorial games. It was not an account of state revenue and expenditure, but was to show Augustus' generosity. The significance of the "Res Gestae Divi Augusti" lies in the fact that it illustrates that the executive authority had access to detailed financial information, covering a period of some forty years, which was still retrievable after the event. The scope of the accounting information at the emperor's disposal suggests that its purpose encompassed planning and decision-making.

The Roman historians Suetonius and Cassius Dio record that in 23 BC, Augustus prepared a "rationarium" (account) which listed public revenues, the amounts of cash in the "aerarium" (treasury), in the provincial "fisci" (tax officials), and in the hands of the "publicani" (public contractors); and that it included the names of the freedmen and slaves from whom a detailed account could be obtained. Tacitus' says that it was written out by Augustus himself. 

Records of cash, commodities, and transactions were kept by military personnel of the Roman army. An account of small cash sums received over a few days at the fort of Vindolanda circa 110 CE shows that the fort could calculate revenues in cash on a daily basis, perhaps from sales of surplus supplies or goods manufactured in the camp, items given to slaves such as "cervesa" (beer) and "clavi caligares" (nails for boots), as well as things bought by individual soldiers. The basic needs of the fort were met by a mixture of direct production, purchase and requisition; in one letter, a request for money to buy 5,000 "modii" (measures) of "braces" (a cereal used in brewing) shows that the fort bought provisions for a lot of people.

The Heroninos Archive is the name given to a huge collection of papyrus documents, mostly letters, but also including a fair number of accounts, which come from Roman Egypt in 3rd century CE. Most of the documents relate to the running of a large, private estate named after Heroninos because he was "phrontistes" (Koine Greek: manager) of the estate which had a complex and standardised system of accounting which was followed by all its local farm managers. Each administrator on each sub-division of the estate drew up his own little accounts, for the day-to-day running of the estate, payment of the workforce, production of crops, the sale of produce, the use of animals, and general expenditure on the staff. This information was then summarized as pieces of papyrus scroll into one big yearly account for each particular sub—division of the estate. Entries were arranged by sector, with cash expenses and gains from all the different sectors. Accounts of this kind gave the owner the opportunity to take better economic decisions because the information was purposefully selected and arranged.

Luca Pacioli (1445–1517), also known as Friar Luca dal Borgo, is said to be the "Father" of accountancy. He wrote a textbook in Latin called "Summa de arithmetica, geometrica, proportioni et proportionalita" ("Summa on arithmetic, geometry, proportions and proportionality", Venice 1494). This textbook was used in the abbaco schools in northern Italy. Sons of merchants and craftsmen were taught in these schools. This textbook was written about math. It has the first printed description of how merchants from Venice kept their accounts. Merchants from Venice used a system called the double-entry bookkeeping system. Double-entry bookkeeping is where there is a debit and credit entry for every transaction.

Pacioli wrote down this system. He did not invent it, but he is still called the "Father of Accounting". The system he wrote had most of the accounting cycle as it is known today. He wrote about using journals and ledgers, and warned that a person should not go to sleep at night until the debits were the same as the credits. His ledger had accounts for assets (things that have value), liabilities (debts and loans that are to be paid to someone else), capital (money), income and expenses. He showed how to write year-end closing entries and suggested that a trial balance be used to prove that a ledger is balanced. His treatise (long essay) in the book is also about other topics, such as accounting ethics and cost accounting.

The first book written in the English language on accounting was published in London, England by John Gouge in 1543.

In 1588 John Mellis from Southwark, England wrote a short book of instructions for keeping accounts.

There was another book written in 1635 that was described as "The Merchants Mirrour, or directions for the perfect ordering and keeping of his accounts formed by way of Debitor and Creditor". This book was written by Richard Dafforne, who was an accountant. This book has many references to books about accountancy that were written much earlier. One chapter of this book is titled "Opinion of Book-keeping's Antiquity". In this chapter the author says that, according to another author, the bookkeeping he wrote about was used two-hundred years earlier in Venice. There were several editions of Richard Dafforne's book. The second edition was published in 1636. The third edition was published in 1656. Another edition was published in 1684. The book is very complete in how it describes scientific accountancy. It contains a lot of detail and explanation. The science that supports accountancy was liked by many people in the seventeenth century. This is supported by the fact that there were so many editions. Since then there have been many books written about accountancy. Many authors claim to be professional accountants and teachers of accountancy. Because of this, it shows that there were professional accountants who were employed in the seventeenth century.


A financial audit is where an internal audit and an external audit are done. For an external audit, an independent (unrelated) auditor takes a look at financial statements and accounting records. By looking at these records, the auditor can find out if these records are true, fair and follow Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), or International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). "Internal audit" tries to get information for management usage, and is done by employees.

Accounting research is research in the effects of economic events on the process of accounting, the effects of reported information on economic events, and the roles of accounting in organizations and society. It encompasses a broad range of research areas including financial accounting, management accounting, auditing and taxation.



Des Lynam

Desmond Michael Lynam (born 17 September 1942) was an Irish television and radio presenter. He was born in Ennis, County Clare, Republic of Ireland. He was best known for presenting the BBC's sport coverage such as "Grandstand".

Lynam also presented "Countdown" on Channel 4 from 2005 to 2006. He was replaced by Des O'Connor.

Carbonate

A carbonate is a chemical compound that has the carbonate ion, . This ion is made of carbon and oxygen. The name may also mean an ester of carbonic acid, an organic compound containing the carbonate group C(=O)(O–) of carbon and oxygen. They have a valency of 1.

When added to an acid, a carbonate will produce carbon dioxide, water and a chemical salt. Sedimentary rocks containing calcite and other carbonates are plentiful in the earth.


Antonie van Leeuwenhoek

Antonie Philips van Leeuwenhoek (24 October 1632 – 30 August 1723; last name pronounced 'Layvenhook') was a Dutch tradesman and scientist from Delft, Netherlands. He is best known for his work to improve the microscope.

Using his handcrafted microscopes, he was the first to see and describe single celled organisms, which he originally referred to as "animalcules", and which we now refer to as microorganisms. He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers, bacteria, spermatozoa and blood flow in small blood vessels. Van Leeuwenhoek did not write books, but sent letters to the Royal Society in London. The letters were published in the Royal Society's journal "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society".

In his youth van Leeuwenhoek was apprenticed to a draper. Later, a civil service position allowed him to give time to his hobby: grinding lenses and using them to study tiny objects. His simple microscopes were skillfully ground, powerful single lenses capable of high image quality. He looked at protozoa in rainwater, pond water and well water. He also looked at bacteria in the human mouth and intestine. In 1677, he first described the spermatozoa of insects, dogs, and humans.

His observations laid the foundations for the sciences of bacteriology and protozoology. He was the first to see bacteria, protists, spermatozoa, the cell vacuole, blood corpuscles, capillaries, and the structure of muscles and nerves.




Barbie

Barbie is an American fashion doll best known as a toy doll. Starting as just a doll, Barbie became a brand. It is most common in the United States. It is named after a girl named Barbara, who was the toy maker's daughter. Though the brand is most famous for the doll, other merchandise has been created with the Barbie name such as games, movies, videos, clothing, accessories, and books. The clothes and fashion accessories allow girls a taste of high fashion. 

Throughout the decades, Barbie has reflected and encouraged feminine growth in the workplace in the United States. She has been a miniature model of women worldwide. The doll has been criticized for causing self-image complexes, yet other companies continue to produce similar dolls. "The Barbie doll is the biggest selling toy in the history of proprietary toy manufacturing." On average, 173,000 dolls are sold by Mattel each day.

Ruth Handler was the creator of Barbie. Her parents were Polish Jewish immigrants. She was the tenth child. Her husband, Elliot Handler was the founder of Mattel in 1945, which is the largest toy company in the world. She originally wanted to name the doll "Barbara", after her daughter, or "Babs" after her daughter's nickname. However, both those names were copyrighted.
Barbie was first released on March 9, 1959 at a toy fair in New York after seven years of battling disagreements. At the time, Mattel was the third largest toy company in the United States. Ruth's display of Barbie was housed at the New Yorker Hotel in a hotel room, since so many businesses brought their toys to put on display. She had to halt the projected production that she assumed she would acquire in business orders at the fair. It was a disappointing day for Ruth and Barbie. In March 1959, Barbie debuted as a teen fashion model on television with more positive response leading the way for the dolls popularity rise.
A blonde Barbie from this decade in mint condition has an appraisal price listing of five thousand-$5,250. The brunette Barbie that was made at the same time is worth $1,000 more than the blonde.

In the 1960s Barbie's friends joined the line up of fashion dolls. Ken was her boyfriend and came to be in 1962. The Ken doll got his name from Ruth's son. Midge was her friend who was a redhead meeting the toy marketplace in 1963, a year after Ken. Allen was Ken's friend. Skipper was her little sister that was produced in 1964. Tutti and Todd were her twin siblings were introduced in 1966. Francie was her adult cousin. In 1967, Francie was changed into the first black Barbie doll causing consumers to believe it reflected the support of interracial marriages. Since this was during Civil Rights' time, she was not very successful. Twelve months later Mattel introduced Christie, the second black Barbie, who was much more accepted. Cara and Julia were also produced as Barbie's black friends. The roles of Barbie evolved as equality for women's rights progressed. The doll started in the 1960s portraying stereotypical female positions like teacher, stewardess, nurse, etc. A series of novels were also written introducing Barbie and her birthplace in the 60's. Bendable legs and swivel hips were introduced on Barbie in 1965. Jack Ryan created them.
Hairstyles of the Barbie's in the 1960s were typically the classic bubble-cut hairstyle of the era taken from the First Lady of the early 60's Jackie Kennedy. The Barbie that is worth the most from this decade according to "Schroeder's Collectible Toys" is Color Magic Barbie made in 1967. Her hair and costume changes color. If it is complete with its cardboard box, it is worth $4,000.

Children could purchase the new bendable Barbie's at a discounted rate if they wanted to trade in the old style in the 1970s. Christie's black boyfriend, Brad was introduced in 1970.
Barbie's facial features were changed in 1971 from eyes cutting from the side and smile without teeth to eyes forward and a wide smile exposing teeth. This change occurred to keep current with the times representing a "forward-thinking peace-and-love generation."

The first doctor Barbie appeared in 1973. Cara's boyfriend Brad reached the toy market in 1975. The flip hairstyle was a popular way for Barbie's hair to be styled in the 70's. The Sears' exclusive Dramatic New Living Skipper Very Best Velvet Barbie made in 1970-71 has the highest list price for the decade in "Schroeder's Collectible Toys" at $1,500.00.

Hispanic and black Barbies were no longer featured as friends of Barbie's in the 1980s. They had reached the Barbie title in their own right. Magic Curl Barbie made its debut in 1982 feauting both black and white races. The first Asian doll produced representing Hong Kong in 1981 came from a mold with a rounder face and almond shaped eyes. A Japanese Barbie hit the market in 1985 as one of the first other nationalities offered with the collection of International Dolls of the World Barbies following its release. Barbie was made into a pilot in 1989. The doll could be viewed as opening the door for female acceptance in otherwise male dominant careers paving the way with astronaut Barbie debuting eighteen years prior to Sally Ride's first female in space endeavor. The 1980s also began the Holiday Barbie collection. The first one was produced in 1988 and its listed value is $325, which is $700 less than what it was worth in the 1990s.

Shani, Asha, and Nichelle were produced to offer greater skin tone and facial feature selection to represent blacks more accurately in 1991.A hit single produced by the band Aqua entitled "Barbie Girl" climbed charts worldwide in 1997. Also in 1997, Puerto Rican Barbie debuted. Barbie's body measurements changed in 1998 due to consumer demand. Her breasts and hips were reduced and waist was widened. Race car driving NASCAR Barbie hit toy store shelves in 1998 and 1999 foreshadowing the first female race car driver Danica Patrick. Barbie was flashy and wore bright colors in the 90's. 1994's Barbie Snow Princess worth $1100 is the highest listed of the decade in "Schroeder's Collectible Toys".

Ruth had died, and could not dip Barbie's hand and footprints in her concrete slab on Hollywood Boulevard in 2002. Instead, Barbara, her daughter for whom the doll was named, did the honors inducting the doll to superstar status. In 2006 a movie, "The Tribe" used Barbie to connect with being Jewish in America. In 2008, Barbie was transformed into a representation of African culture for the hundredth anniversary of the first African American sorority Alpha Kappa Alpha. 2009 brought about changes to the black Barbie adding fuller lips and altered facial features at the request of consumer complaints. Tricelle was given more textured and curlier hair. Chataine Barbie made in 2003 is worth $425 according to "Schroeder's".

Some people believe Barbie gives girls a wrong idea of what they will look like when they grow up. They think the introduction of the doll was wrong because it made young girls believe they had to become skinny to be just like Barbie. As in earlier dolls, her head is disproportionately large. Unlike those, her breasts are large and her waist disproportionately small. Unlike many dolls, she has feet, but they are disproportionately small. If her doll size proportions were converted into life size body measurements (breast size, waist size, hip size) only 1 in 100,000 women would match them, at least without plastic surgery. Someone shaped like Barbie would suffer back problems due to her breast size. She would be unable to support her weight on her tiny feet and could not walk. 

The doll has been blamed for eating disorders, such as anorexia and bulimia. She is not supposed to be taken as a literal interpretation of a teenage girl. Barbie was not built to give girls an inferior complex when comparing themselves to the doll. She was built to be a longer lasting alternative to the easily torn paper dolls for hours of enjoyment reinacting life scenes through a child's creativity and imagination. Barbie is a teen doll, which gives little girls a peek at what might happen in their teen life. This was thought to be bad, because Barbie has many boyfriends. 

Ruth Handler, Barbie's creator, has been blamed for taking the Barbie doll design from a doll made in Germany in 1955, the Lilli doll that was sold mainly at tobacco shops, for men. Lilli was originally a cartoon character in a tabloid newspaper in Germany created by Reinhard Beuthein in 1952. O.M. Hausser/Elastolin Company had Max Weissbrodt, a doll maker of theirs get a patent for Lilli's limb design. Ruth is rumored to have purchased a few of the dolls while in Switzerland with her family. 

The Barbie doll has been in competition with other toy companies' doll designs. Ideal Toy and Novelty Company began making Tammy in 1962, American Character Doll Company challenged Barbie's sales in 1963 with Tressy, and Remco started producing the Littlechap Family in 1964. However, none had the popularity of Barbie. At the time of production, Tammy gave Barbie creators a financial scare. She was based on a movie character played by Debbie Reynolds. Instead of being surrounded with friends and boyfriends, the doll came with a mother and father, which might be why her popularity never surpassed Barbie's.
Barbie is a very big trend. She has had many sisters, boyfriends, and friends. She has "dream houses" and clothes. She has many jobs from teacher to doctor to astronaut. There have been many other dolls like Barbie since Barbie was first produced. Barbie also created MyScene dolls, a spoof of Bratz. The fact is the creator of Barbie, Ruth Handler, fought sexism and overcame her domesticated gender role to accomplish her goals in the business arena as a female by producing the world famous Barbie doll.
For a full list on Barbie's siblings,see List Of Barbie's Relatives


Parmesan cheese

Parmesan cheese is the name of an Italian extra-hard cheese made of raw cow's milk. The original Parmesan cheese is more precisely called "Parmigiano-Reggiano". It is produced only in Italy, in the provinces of Parma, Reggio Emilia, Modena, Mantua (partly) and Bologna (partly). It is usually the cheese to go with Spaghetti and other typical Italian pasta, but it also has many other uses. Parmesan is a part of Italian national cuisine and it can be eaten both grated and in slivers. It is hard, sharp and dry.

Parmigiano-Reggiano is DOP / AOC. This means that the way they are made and the region in Italy they come from are strictly controlled.

The brand (Parmigiano Reggiano) is protected, and only in Europe. In many parts of the world, cheese is sold as "Parmesan cheese" that has nothing to do with the true (Italian) Parmigiano Reggiano.

The original Parmesan cheese is one of the most expensive cheeses in the world.
Within the European Union, the term "Parmesan" may only be used, by law, to refer to Parmigiano-Reggiano itself, which must be made in a restricted geographic area, using stringently defined methods. In many areas outside Europe, the name "Parmesan" has become genericized: Any one of a number of hard Italian-style grating cheeses are called 'Patmesan'. After the European ruling that "parmesan" could not be used as a generic name, Kraft renamed its grated cheese "Pamesello" in Europe.

One kind of cheese, which is very similar, but produced in another region in Italy, is Grana Padano. Grana Padano is produced in Lombardy, 

Franz Liszt

Franz Liszt (born Raiding, October 22, 1811; died Bayreuth, July 31, 1886) was a Hungarian composer and pianist. Liszt (pronounced like “list”) was one of the most influential musicians of the 19 th century. He was the greatest pianist of his time and went on lots of tours through Europe where everyone filled the concert halls to hear him. He wrote a lot of music for piano. Many of his piano pieces were harder to play than anything that had been written before. In this way he developed the technique of piano playing, setting new standards for the future. In his compositions he often used new ideas which sounded very modern in his time. He was very helpful to other composers who lived at that time, helping them to become better known by conducting their works and playing some of their orchestral pieces on the piano.

Liszt’s father was an official who worked for Prince Nikolaus Esterházy, the same noble family who employed the composer Joseph Haydn. When he was seven his father started to teach him the piano. He was a child prodigy, and within a year or two he was already playing in concerts. He was so promising that some rich Hungarians said they would pay for his music education.

In 1821 his family moved to Vienna. He had piano lessons from Czerny and composition lessons from Salieri. He soon became famous although he was still a young boy, and he met famous musicians like Beethoven and Schubert. Beethoven is supposed to have kissed him on the forehead.

In 1823 his family moved again, this time to Paris. He wanted to go to the Conservatoire to study music but Luigi Cherubini would not let him in because he was a foreigner (i.e. not French). So he studied music theory privately with Reicha and composition with Paer. Soon he was asked to play the piano everywhere in Paris. He travelled to London. On his second visit there in 1825, he played to King George IV at Windsor.

Liszt continued to travel to other countries. After his father died he became a piano teacher in Paris. He fell in love with one of his pupils. It was the first of many love affairs he had with various women. He read a lot of books to try to educate himself properly. He met Berlioz and he liked the music of Berlioz very much. In 1831 he met the violinist Niccolò Paganini and was amazed by his virtuoso playing. Liszt was to do for the piano what Paganini had done for the violin. Both men were drawn by cartoonists as devilish characters. Both men wrote music which was incredibly hard for their instruments.

Soon Liszt met a Countess called Marie d’Agoult. He began to have an affair with her. The Countess left her husband and went to live with Liszt in Geneva. They lived together for several years and had three children. When Liszt gave away a lot of his money to help pay for a monument to Beethoven in Bonn he had to earn money by going on tours again, so the countess left him. He still saw her and the children every summer for a few years but finally they separated completely.

Liszt spent eight years in Rome. He wrote religious music and took holy orders in the Catholic Church. His daughter Cosima, who had married a famous conductor Hans von Bülow, left her husband and lived with Richard Wagner. They had two children together. Liszt and Wagner quarreled for many years about this.

Liszt spent most of his last years travelling to and fro between three cities: Rome, Weimar and Budapest. He called this his “vie trifurquée” (three-forked life). He died in Bayreuth July 31, 1886.

Liszt had a very strong personality which affected everyone he met. When he played the piano at concerts he was a great showman. People drew caricatures of him playing the piano with his wild mop of hair. He could be very polite and knew how to get on with the aristocracy. He could be very generous, giving both money and time to other musicians and giving praise where it was deserved. He was a powerful, unique character and one of the most important romantic composers of his day. He is known for his dazzling virtuostic piano displays best.

Most of Liszt’s compositions were for piano. He wrote one piano sonata. It is in B minor. Its form is very different from the sonatas of composers like Beethoven. It is a very Romantic work, but it does not tell a story like a lot of Romantic pieces do. Most of his piano works are shorter pieces that are quite free in form. He often took a theme and transformed it (changed it gradually). He wrote studies which are much more than just pieces to improve one’s piano technique. One collection is called "Transcendental Studies". In Switzerland he wrote "Années de pèlerinage" (Years of Wandering), a collection of pieces to which he gave titles later. Liszt explored all the possible sounds that the piano could make (it was still a fairly new instrument). Sometimes he made it sound like an orchestra. Some of his last piano works are much simpler to play, although the chords would have sounded very modern for his time. They are like the Impressionistic music of Debussy.

Not all Liszt’s piano pieces were original compositions: he also made arrangements or transcriptions. It seems a strange idea to us now to take someone else’s symphony and arrange it for piano. This is what Liszt often did. He took symphonies by Beethoven or songs by Schubert and changed them so that they could be played on the piano. Many people did not have the opportunity to hear concerts very often, and they certainly did not have radios or CDs, so Liszt was making these works more famous, helping them to reach a wider audience. He often made difficult transcriptions which meant that he changed the pieces and added ornamental notes, making a new piece out of an old one.

Liszt’s orchestral music is also very important. He wrote symphonic poems: pieces which tell a story or describe something. The best known one is called "Les préludes". He also wrote two piano concertos.

He wrote a lot of church music. Church music was often quite sentimental in those days, but Liszt tried to make his works help people to feel religious devotion. For composing and performing Liszt was using a variety of pianos (fortepiano). In his Portugal tour as well as in Kiev and Odessa tours, he used a Boisselot piano. This model has been recreated in the XXI century. The composer also owned an Erard piano, a Bechstein piano and Beethoven's Broadwood grand piano.

In many ways Liszt was typical of the Romantic artist. He was always looking for a spiritual meaning to life. He carried a walking stick with the heads of St Francis of Assisi and Gretchen and Mephistopheles, characters from Goethe’s Faust. He was a 19th-century musician but through his thinking and his music he looked forward to the 20th century.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie (1980) 


Fandom (website)

Fandom (previously known as Wikia and before that, Wikicities) is an organization for making websites that are wikis. Wikia was started in 2004 by Jimmy Wales, who also started Wikipedia, and Angela Beesley. The name of Wikicities was changed to Wikia on March 27, 2006 to prevent other people from mistaking it for a wiki on cities, and then renamed again on October 4th, 2016 to Fandom for an unknown reason. At the time, it was called "Fandom powered by Wikia" until June 2018. Since October 2018, most of the URLs have changed from x.wikia.com to x.fandom.com this does not include wikis based on serious topics which instead changed to x.wikia.org.

Wikis hosted on Fandom are about something which many people will like. All content on Fandom is released under a free license, such as the GNU Free Documentation License or the Creative Commons. Anybody can change pages on wikis at Fandom, so that no single person "owns" or is "the boss" of a wiki, and so that large communities can be made. The software used is MediaWiki.

Fandom uses advertisements to generate money.

Articles on Fandom are often written in more "in-universe" style; meaning that fictional characters and plots are written as if they are real. Some projects on Fandom are more for people who are very interested in the topic.

In August 2010, they said that a new look was coming, making some people take their wikis off the service.

Fandom uses the MediaWiki software.


Mozzarella

Mozzarella is a kind of fresh cheese. Originally, it was Italian but now it can be found all over the world. Its made of the milk of cows or water buffalos. A cheese produced in a similar way, but with sheep's milk is common in Sardinia, Abruzzo and Lazio. It is sometimes called mozzapecora. Mozzarella made with goats milk can also be found. Its development is more recent, though. The main reason it is produced is that goats' milk is easier to digest than that of cows or buffalos.

Mozzarella is common in Italian cuisine. It can be used on pizza.

Mozzarella can be kept in the fridge for a few days, if its covered in brine. 

Mozzarella can come in different moistures. 

Limburger cheese

Limburger cheese is a cheese made from cows' milk. Its name comes from the Duchy of Limburg, which is divided between Holland, Belgium and Germany today. Limburger cheese is known for its strong smell, which is caused by the bacterium that lives in its rind. Since about the mid nineteenth century, most Limburger is produced in Germany. 

In 2006 a study showing that the malaria mosquito ("Anopheles gambiae") is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology. This Cheese has now been placed in strategic locations in Africa to fight against malaria, which is spread by mosquitoes.

MyScene

MyScene is a type of doll created by the Mattel Toy Company. They share the product name of Barbie, but they have differences with the head shapes. The line was supposedly started as a rival to the popular Bratz dolls.

The My Scene characters have starred in three DVD movies:



Bora Bora

Bora Bora is a small island in the Leeward group of the Society Islands of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. Vaitape is the largest city on the island with 4,000 people. There is an airport on an islet where residents can fly to other islands in French Polynesia.
Bora Bora has one main road which runs around the island.


Appalachian Mountains

The Appalachian Mountains (French: les Appalaches) are a large group of North American mountains. They are partly in Canada, but mostly in the United States. It stretches southwestward to Central Alabama in the United States to the Island of Newfoundland in Canada to central Alabama in the United States.

The individual mountains average around 3,000 ft (900 m) in height. The highest is Mt. Mitchell in North Carolina (6,684 ft or 2,037m). Mt. Mitchell is also the highest point in the United States east of the Mississippi River as well as the highest point in eastern North America.

The Appalachian chain is a barrier to east–west travel. Ridgelines and valleys run north–south and travelers must climb them again and again. Only a few mountain passes run east–west. The Erie Canal was built through one of them. In most places the Appalachians are the watershed between the drainage basins of the Mississippi River and the Atlantic Ocean.

The term Appalachia is used to refer to the mountain range and the hills and plateau region around it. The term is often used to refer to areas in the central and southern, but not northern, Appalachian Mountains. These areas usually include all of West Virginia and parts of the states of Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, and North Carolina, and sometimes extending as far south as northern Georgia and western South Carolina, as far north as Pennsylvania, and as far west as southeastern Ohio. In 1965 the United States Congress created an Appalachian Regional Commission to include these areas and more, as far west as Mississippi.

The Appalachian Trail in the US is about 3,500 km (2,190 miles) long and goes through 14 states from Georgia to Maine.

The geologic processes that led to the formation of the Appalachian Mountains started 1.1 billion years ago. The first mountain range in the region was created when the continents of Laurentia and Amazonia collided, creating a supercontinent called Rodinia. The collision of these continents caused the rocks to be folded and faulted, creating the first mountains in the region. 

Over time, these mountains were eroded by wind and water. The rocks that were eroded were deposited in the ocean, where they were eventually buried and turned into sedimentary rocks. These sedimentary rocks were then uplifted and folded again, creating new mountains.

This process of erosion and mountain building has repeated itself many times over the past 1.1 billion years. As a result, the Appalachian Mountains are not a single, continuous mountain range. Instead, it is a patchwork of different mountain ranges that have been created at different times.

The youngest rocks in the Appalachian Mountains are only about 250 million years old. These rocks were formed during the Alleghanian orogeny, which was the last major period of mountain building in the region.

The Appalachian Mountains are still being eroded today. Over time, the mountains will continue to wear down, and the rocks that make up the mountains will eventually be recycled back into the Earth's crust.

So, the geologic processes that led to the formation of the Appalachian Mountains started 1.1 billion years ago, but the mountains themselves are much younger. The rocks that make up the mountains are the result of millions of years of erosion, deposition, and mountain building.

Raven-Symoné

Raven-Symoné Christina Pearman (born December 10, 1985) is an American actress, comedian, and singer. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia. She moved to Ossining, New York at age three. She played the role of "Olivia" in the last three seasons of "The Cosby Show" (1984). 

Pearman is most well known as the person Raven in the TV show "That's So Raven" and other parts in "The Cheetah Girls" and "The Cheetah Girls 2". Pearman goes by the name Raven for most of her acting.

In August 2013 Raven-Symoné commented on legalizing gay marriage, "I was excited to hear today that more states legalized gay marriage. I, however am not currently getting married, but it is great to know I can now, should I wish to". She was dating AzMarie Livingston since 2012, and in October 2015, she announced that she had broken up with her.

Arabian horse

The Arabian horse is a breed famous for beauty and stamina. It is one of the oldest horse breeds in the world. Arabian horses are bred with horses of other breeds to add speed, beauty, endurance, and strong bones. Today, Arabian ancestors are found in almost every breed of riding horse.

The Arabian horse developed in the deserts of Arabia by the Bedouin people. People sometimes brought their horses into family tent for shelter and protection. This close relationship with humans made the Arabian a horse with a kind temper and quick to learn. It also was used as a war horse. This meant that it needed speed and to be very alert. This blend of traits makes it necessary for people today to treat Arabian horses with kindness and respect. 

Arabian horses have triangle-shaped heads, a wide forehead, big eyes, large nostrils, and small muzzles (noses). Most have a concave or "dished" profile. They have a slim, arched neck, smooth hindquarters and a naturally high-carried tail. Arabians have strong bone and good feet. They are especially noted for their excellent endurance. Arabians' hair coat colors are bay, gray, chestnut, and black. Arabians can have robicono and/or sabino genes. All Arabians have black skin under their hair coat, except under white markings. 

The Bedouin sold many Arabian horses to people from Europe. Other Arabian horses were captured in war and taken to other countries outside of the Middle East. Today, Arabian horses are found all over the world. Arabian horse families are now labeled by where their most recent ancestors were bred, such as "Polish," "Spanish," "Crabbet" (from England), "Russian," "Egyptian", and "Domestic" (in the United States), and "Weil-Marbach" in Germany. For example, a horse called a "Polish Arabian" is an Arabian horse who has recent ancestors that were bred at farms in Poland, from horses the Polish people bought from the Bedouin in Arabia many centuries ago.

Arabians compete in many places, including horse racing, horse shows, Endurance riding, show jumping, and more. They also make good pleasure, trail, and working ranch horses for people who do not like competitive events. Arabians also are seen in movies, parades, circuses and other places where horses are used.

There are many legends and myths about Arabian horses. One legend says that the prophet Muhammad selected his five finest mares (female horses), called "Al Khamsa" ("the five") to be the foundation of the Arabian breed. Another legend says the Queen of Sheba gave an Arabian mare to King Solomon, and that is how the breed began. Yet another story says Allah made the Arabian horse from the south wind, saying, "I create thee, Oh Arabian...I give thee flight without wings." 

In real history, Arabians are one of the oldest human-developed horse breeds in the world. Pictures of "Proto-Arabian" horses that looked a lot like modern Arabian horses were painted on rocks in the Arabian Peninsula as far back as 2,500 B.C. The ancestors of the Bedouin probably tamed horses not long after they tamed the camel. A horse skeleton was unearthed in the Sinai peninsula, dated to 1700 B.C., and is considered the earliest proof of the horse in Ancient Egypt. It was probably brought by the Hyksos invaders. This horse had a wedge-shaped head, large eye and small muzzle, just like the Arabian horse today.

In the desert, humans were the only source of food and water for the Arabian horse. Where there was no pasture, the Bedouin fed their horses dates, a fruit of the date palm tree, and camel's milk. Arabians needed to live on very little food, and survive a dry climate that was very hot in the day but very cold at night. Weak horses did not live, and the horses who survived the desert also had to survive being ridden for war. Therefore, the Arabian horse became very tough and able to live in a harsh world.

Napoleon rode a gray Arabian stallion named Marengo. George Washington rode a half-Arabian named Blueskin during the American Revolution. A fictional horse, "The Black Stallion," was played by a real Arabian stallion named Cass Ole in the movie that was based on the book by Walter Farley.

In 1864 the Sultan Abdulaziz, founded a new Horse stud with Arabian horses and sent a commission to purchase in Bialocerkiew, the stud of Count Branicki in Poland, whose breeding have a very good reputation. The Commission purchased 92 horses, including some descendants of the 1855 stallion Indjanin imported from England.


Earth's crust

The Earth's crust is the Earth's hard outer layer. It is less than 1% of Earth's volume. The crust is made up of different types of rocks: igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary rocks.

Below the crust is the mantle. The crust and the upper mantle make up the lithosphere. The lithosphere is made of tectonic plates, which move very slowly.

The crust is of two different types. One is the continental crust (under the land) and the other is the oceanic crust (under the ocean). 

The temperature of the crust increases with depth because of geothermal energy. Where the crust meets the mantle the temperatures can be between 200 °C (392 °F) to 400 °C (752 °F). The crust is the coldest layer because it is exposed to the atmosphere.
Igneous rocks make up over 90% of Earth's crust by volume. This is not noticeable because they are mostly covered by sedimentary and metamorphic rocks.

A single family of silicates, the feldspars, account for about half of the material in the crust (60% by weight), and quartz is a sizeable proportion of the rest. Other common minerals are mica and hornblende.

Only 8% of Earth's crust is non-silicate minerals, and this includes carbonates, sulfides, chlorides and oxides.

Earth's mantle and crust formed about 100 million years after the formation of the planet, about 4.6 billion years ago. At first the crust was very thin, and was probably changed often as the tectonic plates shifted around a lot more than they do now. The crust would have been destroyed many times by asteroids hitting Earth, which was much more common in the Late Heavy Bombardment.

The oldest oceanic basalt crust today is only about 200 million years. Most of the continental crust is much older. The oldest continental crustal rocks on Earth are cratons between 3.7 and 4.28 billion years old. These have been found in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane in Western Australia, in the Acasta Gneiss in the Northwest Territories on the Canadian Shield, and on the Fennoscandian Shield. A few zircons at least 4.3 billion years old have been found in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane in Western Australia.

The average age of Earth's continental crust is about 2.0 billion years. Most crustal rocks formed before 2.5 billion years ago are in cratons. Such old continental crust and the mantle below it are less dense than other places in the Earth. These are not easily destroyed when the plates shift. The making of new continental crust was done in times of major orogeny or mountain building. This happened at the same time as the formation of the supercontinents, such as Rodinia, Pangaea and Gondwana. The crust formed in part by the coming together of island arcs. These were made of granite and metamorphic fold belts. They are kept together partly by the subduction of the mantle below the crust, which makes a mantle on which the crust float.

Food chain

A food chain shows the feeding relationship between different organisms in a particular environment and/or habitat. 

Plants are at the bottom of a food chain because they are producers that make their food from photosynthesis. Consumers are animals that eat the products of producers or other animals. The direction of arrows between the organisms shows who eats what and what gets eaten by what.

A food chain also represents a series of events and consumption in which food and energy are consumed from one organism in an ecosystem to another. Food chains show how energy is passed from the sun to producers, from producers to consumers, and from consumers to decomposes such as fungi. They also show how animals depend on other organisms for food.

In any ecosystem, many food chains overlap. Different food chains may include some of the same organisms. Several consumers may eat the same kind of plant or animal for food. When this happens, the food chain forms a food web.


Embryology

Embryology is the study of embryos and their development. The study of embryology starts with the fertilisation of an egg, and continues until the foetus stage. A broader term, developmental biology, covers the whole period of growth from the egg to adult life. 

In mammals (and some other animals) embryos develop inside the mother, in the mother's womb. Otherwise it takes place after the egg is laid. It most animals, there are various stages between the egg and the adult animal. If the stages are well-defined the process is called metamorphosis. 

Histology

Histology is the study of the microscopic anatomy of cells and tissues of plants and animals, particularly the tissues. It is a part of cytology, and an essential tool of biology and medicine.

Histology is usually done by looking at cells and tissues under a light microscope or electron microscope. The tissue has to be specially prepared beforehand.

The stages below are only described in outline. Laboratories which do histology work from schedules which are much more detailed.

Chemical fixatives are used to preserve tissue from decay. This preserves the structure of the cell and of sub-cellular components such as cell organelles (e.g., nucleus, endoplasmic reticulum, mitochondria). The most common fixative for light microscopy is formalin (4% formaldehyde in saline).

After fixing, the block of tissue is embedded in paraffin wax. This holds and preserves the tissue as a block.

The section is cut into a series of wafer-thin slices, each of which is put on a glass microscope slide. The machine which cuts the block is a mechanical guillotine which can be set to cut at a suitable depth for the tissue in question.

Stains are dyes, chemicals used to make cells and tissues easy to see under a microscope. There are many tissue stains, and each of them has advantages and disadvantages.

This is the most widely used stain in biology and medicine. Haematoxylin colours cell nuclei and eosin colours cell cytoplasm.

Camillo Golgi developed a silver nitrate stain for nerve cells. His idea was used by Santiago Ramón y Cajal in his famous work on the structure of brain tissue.

Electron microscopy is used often as well as light microscopy. This has its own procedures. Its advantage is that it resolves things which light cannot resolve. For example, viruses were first seen by electron microscopy..

Specialised selective stains using immunology or radioactive labelling are now routine. The advantage of using antibodies or radioactive labels is that they stick to "specific kinds of molecules". 
Increasingly popular is tagging with a fluorescent stain, which shows up even if a tiny part of a cell is stained. Immunoinfluorescence is the name of this particular technique.

Ann Arbor, Michigan

Ann Arbor is a city in the US state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Washtenaw County. According to the 2020 United States Census, Ann Arbor was the 5th largest city in Michigan. In 2020, there were 123,851 people living there. The city is part of the Detroit Metropolitan Combined Statistial Area.

Ann Arbor was started in 1824. It is thought that the city is named after the wife, Ann, of one of the founders. The University of Michigan was moved to Ann Arbor in 1837. (Before that, the university had been in Detroit.) The city grew during the 1800s and 1900s. The only time the city did not grow was the Depression of 1873.

During the 1960s and 1970s, Ann Arbor was an important place for the Civil Rights Movement, the anti-Vietnam War movement, and for left-wing and liberal politics.

Today, Ann Arbor is home to the University of Michigan. The university is very important to the city because 30,000 people work for it. 12,000 of these workers work for the University of Michigan Health System, which are hospitals and clinics run by the university. Ann Arbor's economy is also very high-tech. High-tech companies come to the area because there are many graduates and a lot of research and development money at the university.

Microbiology

Microbiology - (Greek μικρός, mikrós, „tiny“, βίος, bíos, „life“ and λόγος, lógos, „science“) is a science in the composition of biology, which is occupied by the study of microorganisms (bacterium, (archaebacteria), microscopic fungi, protozoa,alga,and viruses). Microbiology studies the systematics, morphology, physiology, biochemistry, evolution, ecological roles, and practical uses of microorganisms. Medical microbiology is also part of microbiology. 

Different parts of microbiology can be classified into pure and applied sciences.  Microbiology can be also classified by taxonomy, as in the cases of bacteriology, mycology, protozoology, and phycology. There is considerable overlap of the specific branches of microbiology with each other and with other disciplines. Certain aspects of these branches can extend beyond the traditional scope of microbiology

In 1665, Robert Hooke saw that cork was made up of little cubes that he named cells. Later Anton van Leeuwenhoek made the important connection that cells are living things when he saw through his early microscope smallest one-celled organisms. Later Christian Ehrenberg found thatprotista or bacteria were different kinds of cells. In the late part of the 1800s Martinus Beijerinck showed that there were small particles called viruses. 

Another important change in the study of microorganisms came from the discovery of DNA and RNA. This allowed using a vector to change the inside of a cell without killing it. One recent discovery that changed the study of microbiology is the discovery of transposons or jumping genes. Another one is the discovery of animal genes in the cells.

Transposable element

A transposable element is often called a transposon. It is a sequence of DNA that can move to new positions in the genome of a single cell. The press sometimes call them jumping genes, but it is not correct to call them 'genes'.

Transposons were first found by Barbara McClintock while working on maize in the 1930s to 1950s. She discovered transposition in maize, but it took years before her work was understood. She received a Nobel Prize for her work in 1983.

Transposition can create significant mutations and alter the cell's genome size.

Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements.
Transposons themselves are of two types according to their mechanism, which can be either "copy and paste" (class I) or "cut and paste" (class II).

Class I (Retrotransposons, aka "retroposons"):
They copy themselves in two stages, first from DNA to RNA by transcription, then from RNA back to DNA by reverse transcription. The DNA copy is then inserted into the genome in a new position. Retrotransposons behave very similarly to retroviruses, such as HIV.

Class II (DNA transposons):
By contrast, the cut-and-paste transposition mechanisms of class II transposons do not involve an RNA intermediate.

Transposons are mutagens. They can damage the genome of their host cell in different ways:

Transposons can carry accessory genes, such as antibiotic resistance genes. They can be used to put a gene into the DNA of an organism. This has been done with fruit flies ("Drosophila melanogaster") by putting the transposon into the embryo.


Transposons are found in many forms of life. They may have arisen independently many times, or perhaps just once and then spread to other kingdoms by horizontal gene transfer.

While some transposons may confer benefits on their hosts, most are regarded as selfish DNA parasites. In this way, they are similar to viruses. Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities, leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor.

Excessive transposon activity can destroy a genome, which is lethal. Many organisms have developed mechanisms to inhibit them. Bacteria may delete transposons and viruses from their genomes; eukaryotic organisms use RNA interference (RNAi) to inhibit transposon activity.

In vertebrate animal cells nearly all the 100,000+ DNA transposons in a genome code for inactive polypeptides. In humans, all of the Class I-like transposons are inactive. The first DNA transposon used as a tool for genetic purposes, the Sleeping Beauty transposon system, was a transposon which was resurrected from a long evolutionary sleep.

Transposons may have been co-opted by the vertebrate immune system as a means of producing antibody diversity: The V(D)J recombination system operates by a mechanism similar to that of transposons. This is a system of three genes which get rearranged in the production of vertebrate lymphocytes. The system diversely encode proteins to match antigens from bacteria, viruses, parasites, dysfunctional cells such as tumor cells, and pollens.

The final DNA sequence, and thus the sequence of the antibody, is highly variable, even when the same two V, D, or J segments are joined. This great diversity allows VDJ recombination to generate antibodies even to microbes that neither the organism nor its ancestors have ever previously encountered.

Toowoomba

Toowoomba (also known as 'The Garden City') is a city in South East Queensland, Australia. It is 132 km west of Brisbane, and two hours drive from the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast beaches. With a population around 135,000, Toowoomba is Australia's second largest city that is not on the coast, after Canberra.

Every year in September, Toowoomba holds its annual Flower Festival, at Queens Park. When this is taking place, the town, especially its CBD are decorated with flowers. People who live there may also open their gardens for public judging for the garden competitions. Another attraction is the parade, where one would see floats with flower themes. Many people from all over the nation visit the festival, and a popular way to arrive is on the specially operating retired steam train.

Another major event held in Toowoomba is the Easterfest. It is a large religious festival that thousands of people come to, to see many famous singers perform. Many put up tents on in Queens Park.

Toowoomba is also known for its historical buildings, such as the town hall, The Empire Theatre, and the Cobb & Co Museum. The town hall was the first in Queensland to be built for a town hall. The Empire Theatre was built as a silent movie house in 1911. A fire nearly destroyed the building, but it was built again, and reopened in 1933. Now, it is the biggest regional theatre in Australia. The Cobb & Co Museum began in the 1880s as a small mail run. It moved both mail and passengers to Brisbane and further.

Toowoomba is also home to some notable private schools, including Toowoomba Grammar School (which is a GPS school), Downlands College, and The Glenny School, none of which are 'co-educational'.

During the 2010-2011 Queensland floods, several people were drowned in their cars when water flooded the main shopping centre.


Albury

Albury () is a city in New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Hume Highway that runs between Sydney and Melbourne. The Murray River separates Albury from Wodonga. Albury is on the north side of the Murray River. The river is also the border between Victoria and New South Wales. It is about 550 km from the state capital Sydney, but only 312 km from the Victorian capital Melbourne. Albury is believed to have been named after Aldbury in Hertfordshire.

The Australian Aboriginal people called the area Bungambrewatha. There are a number of historical aboriginal sites including rock paintings. There are also scarred trees, where the bark has been removed to make shields and canoes. The rich river flats would have provided food for native animals, and the wetlands would have been home to large numbers of water birds.

The first Europens to arrive in the area were the explorers, Hamilton Hume and William Hovell in 1824. They made their mark in a tree on the riverbank which later became the spot where people heading south would cross the river. Crossing the river was easy in summer when the water level was low. By 1844 a ferry was built to carry people over the river all year. There were soon many farmers moving into the area with large flocks of sheep. Some of the first in Albury were William Wyse and Charles Ebden.

Francisco de Goya

Francisco José de Goya y Lucientes (30 March 1746 – 30 April 1828) was a Spanish painter. He painted many portraits of the Spanish Royal Family. His most famous paintings are "Charles IV of Spain and His Family" and "The Third of May 1808". He regularly painted the famous Duchess of Alba.

Goya was born in Fuendetodos, in the region of Aragón, Spain, in 1746. His parents were José Benito de Goya y Franque and Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador. He spent his childhood in Fuendetodos. His father's work was gilding (putting gold onto picture frames). In about 1749, the family moved to a house in the city of Zaragoza. Goya went to school at Escuelas Pias. He became best friends with Martin Zapater. Through their lives, they wrote many letters to each other. Because of these letters, historians know a lot about Goya's life. When he was 14 Goya became an apprentice to the painter José Luzán.

Goya later moved to Madrid where he studied with Anton Raphael Mengs, a painter who was popular with Spanish royalty. Goya and Mengs did not like each other, and Goya got bad marks in his examinations. Goya tried to join the Spanish Royal Academy of Fine Art in 1763 and 1766, but failed.

He then traveled to Rome. In 1771 he won second prize in a painting competition in the city of Parma. Later that year, he returned to Zaragoza. He got work painting frescos in several buildings including the dome of the Basilica of the Pillar. He studied with the painter Francisco Bayeu y Subías. His painting began to show the style which later made his famous.

Goya married Bayeu's sister, Josefa, in 1774. Francisco Bayeu was a member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Fine Art. This helped Goya to get work with the Royal Tapestry Workshop. He worked there for 5 years, and designed 42 patterns. Many of his designs were made into tapestries and used to decorate the bare stone walls of the royal palaces, such as El Escorial. The Spanish Royal family saw his works and later gave him work as a portrait painter. He also painted an altarpiece (Holy picture) for the Church of San Francisco El Grande. Because of this picture, Goya was at last made a member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Fine Art.

In 1783, the Count of Florida blanca, commissioned Goya (gave Goya the paid work) to paint his portrait. Then King Charles III of Spain and other important people wanted Goya to paint their portraits. Goya became friends with Crown Prince Don Luis, and lived in his house. From 1788, in the reign of Charles IV, Goya became even more popular.

In the 1790s Goya became ill. It is not known exactly what his illness was. It is believed that he suffered mental breakdown. He may have had viral encephalitis or several strokes. He may have suffered from dementia. It is also thought that he may have been poisoned by lead paint. His sight, hearing, balance and mental health were all affected. 

His unhappiness was also affected by the French invasion of Spain in 1808. One of his most famous paintings, "The Third of May 1808", is about the execution of Spanish men trying to defend their country.

After the defeat of the French, Goya did not get on well with King Ferdinand VII. Goya moved to a house far away from the court. He lived there with his housekeeper and her daughter, and taught painting to the girl, Rosario Weiss. Some of the walls of the house are painted with strange dark pictures, but it is not sure whether Goya did them. For two years Goya lived in France but returned to Spain where he was warmly welcomed home in 1826, He died in 1828 at the age of 82. 
Goya's early cartoons for the royal tapestries are merry scenes of festivals in bright colours.

Goya painted portraits of many famous people, including the Duke of Wellington. His paintings of the Royal Family of Charles IV of Spain and Ferdinand VII show them looking like very ordinary people, not like proud nobility. Queen Maria Luisa was delighted with the large portrait that he did of her family in 1800, even though a French writer Théophile Gautier said that Goya made them look "like the corner baker and his wife after they had won the lottery".

Two of Goya's most famous paintings were owned by a member of the royal court, Manuel de Godoy. These two paintings are called "The Nude Maja" ("La maja desnuda") and "The Clothed Maja" ("La maja vestida"). The nude painting was thought of as very shocking. In 1813, the Inquisition said that both paintings were pornography and took them away. They were returned to Goya in 1836. Nobody knows who the woman was that posed for Goya. One idea is that she was the Duchess of Alba. She may have been Godoy's mistress. Perhaps Goya painted the figure from his imagination. There is only one earlier nude painting by a Spanish artist, Velazquez's "Venus and Cupid", (see National Gallery, London). When this painting was done, other nude figures, painted in Italy, Germany and other countries, always showed the woman as a goddess from mythology or had some other "allegorical" meaning (was a symbol of some sort). This painting is unusual because the nude figure is not meant to be a Goddess and does not seem to have any symbolic meaning. It is the very first life-sized female nude in Western Painting that is just about the beauty of the female body.

 In 1793 and 1794 Goya was recovering from his illness. During this time, he painted eleven small pictures painted on tin. These pictures are known as "Fantasy and Invention" today. They show a change in his art. From that time on, he painted dark, frightening pictures about war, violence and madness.

One painting is called "Courtyard with Lunatics". It is a scene in a mental asylum. It is about loneliness and fear. It shows how mentally ill people have trouble dealing with other people and normal life. Goya was the first artist to paint people with mental illness in a realistic way. Goya wanted to show that it was wrong to punish mentally ill people, and lock them up with criminals. There was a movement at this time to improve the life of people in asylums and prisons.

Goya made two series of prints. The first was called "Caprichos" and the second was called "The Disasters of War". The "Caprichos" series shows nightmarish scenes of the problems with Spanish society. "The Disaster of War" shows scenes of terrible violence. These were not published until more than 30 years after his death. "The Disaster of War" were made because of the war between France and Spain. One of Goya's most famous paintings is a large picture called "The Third of May 1808".(see above) It is about the executions of Spanish men that took place in 1808. This painting shows the courage of the unarmed Spanish hero. It shows the French soldiers in the firing squad acting as if they have no minds or feelings. This painting was a great inspiration to other painters such as the French painter Manet who painted a scene of the execution of the Governor of Mexico.

Goya's most frightening picture shows a giant man, eating people. It is now called "Saturn Devouring His Sons", (after Saturn the Father of the Gods in Greek mythology) but no-one knows what it really means. It is more likely a picture of the way that War destroys people. In the house that Goya owned, there are paintings on the walls known as the "Black Paintings". They show scenes with the Devil and witches. It is not sure whether Goya really painted them. 

Goya's brightly coloured tapestry cartoons influenced the French Impressionist painters such as Monet and Renoir. His portraits were an influence on Manet and Degas as well as Renoir. The "Black Paintings" influenced Expressionist painters.

Inclusive disjunction

Inclusive disjunction (also called or) is a logic operation. It normally takes two truth values as inputs and returns one truth value as output. It is false when both inputs are false, but is true otherwise. It is written with the symbol formula_1.

In general, given two propositions formula_2 and formula_3, formula_4 is true if formula_2 is true, or if formula_3 is true, or if both formula_2 and formula_3 are true.

This is different from the exclusive disjunction, which asserts "either "x" or "y", but not both".


Logical conjunction

Logical conjunction (very often called and) is a logic operation. It is represented by the symbol formula_1. Logical conjunction takes two truth values as inputs and returns an output. If both of the inputs are "true" at the same time, then logical conjunction outputs "true". If one of the inputs is false, or if both of the inputs are false, then logical conjunction outputs "false". Its logic gate equivalent is the AND gate.


Logical negation

Logical negation (also known as not) is a logic operation. For a proposition formula_1, its negation is written as formula_2. It takes one input. It flips the value of the input as the output. If the input was true, it returns false; If the input was false, it returns true.


Logic equality

Logical equality is a logical operation. It corresponds to equality (formula_1) in Boolean algebra and biconditional (written formula_2 or formula_3) in logic. It takes two inputs. It returns true if both inputs are true or if both inputs are false. Otherwise (when they are different), it returns false.


Implication (logic)

Implication (also known as logical consequence, implies, or If ... then) is a logical operation. It is the relationship between statements that holds true when one logically "follows from" one or more others. While a statement of the form "if "P" then "Q"" is often written as formula_1, the assertion that ""Q" is a logical consequence "P"" is often written as formula_2.

Implications take two arguments. It returns false if and only if the first term is true and the second term is false.

This may be problematic, because it means that from a false proposition, anything can follow.

The following shows a (valid) implication

On the other hand, the statement "I promise that if I am healthy, I will come to class" has four possibilities:
In the second scenario, the statement is false, since the promise is broken. In other scenarios, the statement is true, since the promise is kept.


Hellenistic art

The art of the Hellenistic time (from 400 B.C. to the end of the first century B.C.) in Greece) is sculpture and painting and other things. For a long time, people said that the art of that time was not good. Pliny the Elder talked about the Greek sculpture of the classical time (500 B.C. - 323 B.C., the time before the Hellenistic time) and then said "Cessavit deinde ars" ("then art stopped"). But much good art is from the Hellenistic time. Many people know about the sculptures Laocoön (in the picture) and Venus de Milo and Winged Victory of Samothrace.

Now more people have looked at writing about the Hellenistic time. People discovered art from the Hellenistic time at Vergina and other places. Now people can see that the art of the Hellenistic time is very good art.

One of the things that made the Hellenistic time different from other times was the division of Alexander the Great's country into smaller parts. In every part there was a family of leaders. The Ptolemies had Egypt; the Seleucids had Mesopotamia, the Attalids had Pergamon, and other leaders had other parts. Every family of leaders gave money for art in a way that was different from the way the city-states did it. They made big cities and complex groups of buildings in a way that most city-states had already stopped doing by 500 BC. This way of making buildings was new for Greece. This way was not to try to change or fix a natural place, but to make the buildings fit the natural place. There were many places for pleasure, for example many theatres and places to walk. The Hellenistic countries were lucky because they had much empty space where they could make big new cities. Some of their new cities were Antioch, Pergamon, and Seleucia on the Tigris.

Pergamon is a very good example of Hellenistic architecture. It started with a simple fortress on the Acropolis (a very big rock).
Different Attalid kings added to it and made a huge group of buildings. The buildings stretch out from the Acropolis in many directions, using the natural way of that part of the earth. The agora, on the south on the lowest level, has galleries along its sides, with "stoai" (beautiful tall stone things to hold up the roof.) The agora is the beginning of a street which goes through the whole Acropolis. On the east and top of the rock are the buildings of the organizers, leaders and soldiers. On the west side, at a middle level, are religious buildings. One of the biggest ones is the one with the Pergamon Altar which is called "of the gods and of the giants" and is one of the most beautiful pieces of Greek sculpture. A very big theatre has benches stretched out over the sides of the hill, for people to sit on, and is able to hold almost 10,000 people.

At that time they liked to make very big things. The second temple of Apollo at Didyma was like that. It was twenty kilometers from Miletus in Ionia. Daphnis of Miletus made the design for it at the end of the fourth century B.C. (about 300 B.C.) but it was never finished. They continued building it until the 2nd century A.D. (past 100 A.D.). The sanctuary (special part of the temple) is one of the largest ever made near the Mediterranean. Inside a very big room, the "cella" has two rows of columns (tall round things) around it. The columns are the Ionic kind, almost 20 metres tall, with much complex stone art on the bases and tops.

Hellenistic sculpture includes portraits which show things such as suffering, sleep or old age. 

Attalus I (269-197 BC), to commemorate his victory at Caicus against the Gauls — called Galatians by the Greeks — had two series of votive groups sculpted: the first, consecrated on the Acropolis of Pergamon, includes the famous Gaul killing himself and his wife, of which the original is lost (the best copy is in the Massimo alle Terme museum of Rome, see illustration); the second group, offered to Athens, is composed of small bronzes of Greeks, Amazons, gods and giants, Persians and Gauls. Artemis Rospigliosi of the Louvre is probably a copy of one of them; as for copies of the Dying Gaul, they were very numerous in the Roman period. The expression of sentiments, the forcefulness of details — bushy hair and moustaches here — and the violence of the movements are characteristic of the Pergamene style.

These characteristics are pushed to their peak in the friezes of the Great Altar of Pergamon, decorated under the order of Eumenes II (197-159 BC) with a gigantomachy stretching 110 metres in length, illustrating in the stone a poem composed especially for the court. The Olympians triumph in it, each on his side, over Giants most of which are transformed into savage beasts: serpents, birds of prey, lions or bulls. Their mother Gaia, come to their aid, can do nothing and must watch them twist in pain under the blows of the gods.

Another phenomenon appears in Hellenistic sculpture: privatization, which involves the recapture of older public patterns in decorative sculpture. This type of retrospective style also exists in ceramics. As for the portraits, they are tinged with naturalism, under the influence of Roman art.

Few Greek wall paintings have survived the centuries. However, we can study the Hellenistic influences in Roman frescoes, for example those of Pompeii or Herculaneum. Certain mosaics provide a pretty good idea of the "grand painting" of the period: these are copies of frescoes. An example is the Alexander Mosaic, showing the confrontation of the young conqueror and the Grand King Darius III at the Battle of Issus, a mosaic which adorns the walls of the House of the Faun at Pompeii. It is believed to be a copy of a work described by Pliny the Elder (XXXV, 110) which had been painted by Philoxenus of Eretria for King Cassander of Macedon at the end of the 4th century BC. The mosaic allows us to admire the choice of colours, the composition of the ensemble with turning movement and facial expressivity.

Archeological discoveries at the cemetery of Pagasae (close to modern Volos), at the edge of the Pagasetic Gulf, or again at Vergina (1987), in the former kingdom of Macedonia, have brought to light some original works. For example, the tomb said to be that of Philip II has provided a great frieze representing a royal lion hunt, remarkable by its composition, the arrangement of the figures in space and its realistic representation of nature.

The Hellenistic period is equally the time of development of the mosaic, particularly with the works of Sosos of Pergamon, active in the 2nd century BC and the only mosaic artist cited by Pliny (XXXVI, 184). His taste for
trompe l'oeil (optical illusion) and the effects of the medium are found in several works attributed to him such as the "Unswept Floor" in the Vatican museum, representing the leftovers of a repast (fish bones, bones, empty shells, etc.) and the "Dove Basin" at the Capitoline Museum, known by means of a reproduction discovered in Hadrian's Villa. In it one sees four doves perched on the edge of a basin filled with water. One of them is watering herself while the others seem to be resting, which creates effects of reflections and shadow perfectly studied by the artist.

The Hellenistic period is that of the decline of painting on vases. The most common vases are black and uniform, with a shiny appearance approaching that of varnish, decorated with simple motifs of flowers or festoons. It is also the period when vases in relief appeared, doubtless in imitation of vases made of precious metals: wreaths in relief were applied to the body of the vase, or again the one shown here received veins or gadroons. One finds also more complex relief, based on animals or legendary creatures. The shapes of the vases are also inspired by the tradition of metal: thus with the lagynos (pictured here), a wine jar typical of the period.

In parallel there subsisted a tradition of polychromatic figurative painting: the artists sought a greater variety of tints than in the past. However, these newer colours are more delicate and do not support heat. The painting occurred therefore after firing, contrary to the traditional practice. The fragility of the pigments preventing frequent use of these vases, they were reserved for use in funerals.
The most representative copies of this style come from Centuripe in Sicily, where a workshop was active until the 3rd century B.C. These vases are characterized by a base painted pink. The figures, often female, are represented in coloured clothing: blue-violet chiton, yellow himation, white veil. The style is reminiscent of Pompei and is situated much more on the side of the grand contemporary paintings than on the heritage of the red-figure pottery.

Progress in bronze casting made it possible for the Greeks to create large works, such as the Colossus of Rhodes, with a height of 32 meters. Many of the large bronze statues were lost - with the majority being melted to recover the material. Because of this, only the smaller objects still exist. Fortunately, during Hellenistic Greece, the raw materials were plentiful following eastern conquests.

The work on metal vases took on a new fullness: the artists competed among themselves with great virtuosity. At Panagyurishte (now in Bulgaria), skilfully sculpted gold vases have been found: on an amphora, two rearing centaurs form the handles. In Derveni, not far from Salonica, a tomb has provided a great krater with bronze volutes dating from approximately 320 BC and weighing 40 kilograms (Derveni krater).
It is decorated with a 32-centimetre-tall frieze of figures in relief representing Dionysus surrounded by Ariadne and her procession of satyrs and maenads.
The neck is decorated with ornamental motifs while four satyrs in high relief are casually seated on the shoulders of the vase. The evolution is similar for the art of jewellery. The jewellers of the time excelled at handling details and filigrees: thus, the funeral wreaths present very realistic leaves of trees or stalks of wheat. In this period the insetting of precious stones flourished.

The figurines were equally fashionable. They represented divinities as well as subjects from contemporary life. Thus emerged the theme of the "negro", particularly in Ptolemaic Egypt: these statuettes of Black adolescents were successful up to the Roman period. Sometimes, they were reduced to echoing a form from the great sculptures: thus one finds numerous copies in miniature of the Tyche (good luck) of Antioch, of which the original dates to the beginning of the 3rd century BC.

Previously reserved for religious use, in Hellenistic Greece the Greek terracotta figurine was more frequently used for funerary, and even decorative, purposes. The refinement of molding techniques made it possible to create true miniature statues, with a high level of detail.

In Tanagra, in Boeotia, the figurines, full of lively colours, most often represent elegant women in scenes full of charm. At Smyrna, in Asia Minor, two major styles occurred side-by-side: first of all, copies of masterpieces of great sculpture, such as Farnese Hercules in gilt terra cotta. In a completely different genre, there are the "grotesques", which contrast violently with the canons of "Greek beauty": the "koroplathos" (figurine maker) fashions deformed bodies in tortuous poses — hunchbacks, epileptics, hydrocephalics, obese women, etc. One could therefore wonder whether these were medical models, the town of Smyrna being reputed for its medical school. Or they could simply be caricatures, designed to provoke laughter. The "grotesques" are equally common at Tarsus and also at Alexandria.

It was in the Hellenistic period that the Greeks, who until then only knew molded glass, discovered the technique of glass blowing, thus permitting new forms. The art of glass developed especially in Italy. Molded glass continued, notably in the creation of intaglio jewelry.

The art of engraving on gems hardly advanced at all, limiting itself to mass-produced items that lacked originality. As compensation, the cameo made its appearance. It concerns cutting in relief on a stone composed of several colored layers, allowing the object to be presented in relief through the effects of color. After that it is mounted on a pendant or as a ring. The Hellenistic period produced some masterpieces like the Gonzaga cameo , now preserved at the Hermitage Museum.




Interest

Interest is the cost for borrowing money or the payment for lending money. Usually, this is fixed as a percentage of the amount of money borrowed (which is called "interest rate").

If the interest charged on $100 is 1 percent per year then every year the borrower must pay $1. If the $1 is not added to the amount owed then the borrower is paying simple interest. If simple interest of 1 percent is paid each year at the end of 100 years the borrower would have paid $100 in interest, $1 each year, and would still owe $100. If the $1 is added to the $100 the amount owed will increase to $101. 1 percent interest on $101 will be more than $1. This is called compound interest. Compound interest will cause the amount to grow each year. As the amount grows larger more is paid as interest each year and added to the total. If compound interest of 1 percent is paid on a loan of $100 each year the amount of interest paid will slightly increase and after 70 years the amount owed will have grown to $200 and the interest payment will have increased to $2. 

1 percent compound interest on $100 will cause the amount to double to $200 in about 72 years. That is called the rule of 72 which can be used to figure out how fast something grows. The rule can be used to figure out how fast anything that always grows exponentially at the same rate will double in size. Suppose a kangaroo grows 12 percent a year; dividing 12 into 72 gives 6, so the kangaroo will double in size in 6 years. If the kangaroo grew 6 percent a year it would take 12 years for its size to double. If it only grew 2 percent it would take 36 years for its size to double.

At some times in the past, or in some places today, it has been illegal to make a person pay interest on a loan. It was, or is, against some religious rules. If the interest that a person must pay is too high, this is called usury. This is often illegal today, even when lower interest is legal.

Interest can also be the care or concern that someone has for something or someone. If someone cares about something, they "have an interest" in that thing, or they "find it interesting". If something is beautiful, or funny, or new, that might make the thing interesting. However, a very important concern, for example love or hate, is more than an interest. An interest can also be a task that someone likes to do or watch, like a game or a hobby.

If someone has a legal right to something (usually money or property) they have an interest in that thing. This is also true for someone who shares a right with others, or a person who has a future right to something. For example, if some brothers and sisters will be given a house after their parents die, each of them "has a financial interest" in the house, even if the parents are still living.

Newcastle, New South Wales

Newcastle () is a city in New South Wales, Australia. It is also the second oldest city in Australia. Newcastle is 160km north of Sydney, and is the largest coal-harbour in the world. 500,000 people live in Newcastle making it second largest city in New South Wales. Newcastle was started in 1804 by Lieutenant Charles Menzies and was for convicts who mined the coal. It is named Newcastle after the English coal harbour of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Newcastle has lots of things to do such as restaurants and food.

Newcastle has a humid subtropical climate with warm humid summers and mild winters with moderate rainfall throughout the year. Newcastle is the windiest city in Australia, with an average 3pm windspeed of 31.4 km/h (19.5 mph), annually.

Era

An era in geology is a time of several hundred million years. It describes a long series of rock strata which geologists decide should be given a name. An example is the Mesozoic era, when dinosaurs lived on the Earth. 

An era is made up of periods, and several eras make up an eon. The Phanerozoic eon started about 541 million years ago (mya). It is made up of the Paleozoic era (from the Greek for "oldest life"), the Mesozoic era ("middle life") and the Cainozoic era ("latest life").

Drowning

Drowning is a form of death caused by being suffocated with water or another liquid.
Near drowning is the survival of a drowning event where the person is unconsciousness (passed out) or breathes in a dangerously large amount of water, and can cause serious problems, including death, later on. That means that near drowning also requires help from a doctor. 

Secondary drowning is death caused by chemical or biological changes in the lungs after a near drowning incident.

Drowning happens when a person spends too much time underwater or with their nose and mouth submerged in a liquid to the point where they are unable to breathe and their lungs are full of liquid.

In many countries, drowning is one of the biggest causes of death for children under 14 years old. Children have drowned in wading pools and even bathtubs. Many people drown in countries where there is a lot of water, especially if they swim in dangerous waters. For example, in the United Kingdom there are about 450 drownings each year (that is: 1 per 150,000 of its people), and in the United States there are about 6,500 drownings (or around 1 per 50,000 of its people). Drowning related injuries are the fifth most likely cause of accidental death in the US. In some places, drowning is the second most likely cause of injury and death for children. 

There are many ways in which drowning can be prevented. Some examples are: 


Schrödinger's cat

Schrödinger's cat is a thought experiment about quantum physics. Erwin Schrödinger suggested it in 1935, in reaction to the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum physics. 

Schrödinger wrote:

In simple terms, Schrödinger said that if you place a cat and something that could kill the cat (a radioactive atom) in a box and sealed it, you would not know if the cat were dead or alive until you opened the box, so that until the box was opened, the cat was "both" "dead and alive". This is used to represent how scientific theory works. No one knows if any scientific theory is right or wrong until said theory can be tested and proven.

Physics can be divided into two types; classic physics and quantum mechanics. Classic physics explains most physical interactions, like why a ball bounces when it drops. It can also be used to predict physical interactions, like what will happen when you drop a ball. However, there are some physical interactions which it does not explain; for instance, how light can be turned into electricity. Quantum mechanics provides a way for physicists to explain why these things happen. 

The Copenhagen interpretation is used to explain what is happening to the smallest part of an atom (a sub atomic particle) without looking at it (observing it or measuring it). Mathematics is used to show how likely something is to happen to the particle. A particle could be described as being 50% likely to be in one place at one time, or 50% likely to be in one place at another time. This could also be expressed as a chart (or wave form). This is very convenient when making quantum physics calculations. 

However the only way to be 100% sure of where a particle is, is to observe it. Up until the point that you observe it, the Copenhagen Interpretation says that the particle is there and is not there. It is only when you observe the particle that you know if it's there or not there. 

While this makes sense in quantum physics, it does not make sense in classical (real world) physics. 

Schrödinger wanted to show that this way of thinking about quantum mechanics would lead to absurd situations. He designed a thought experiment. 

"A cat is placed in a room that is separated from the outside world. "

"A Geiger counter which counts the amount of radioactive decay and a little bit of a radioactive element is in the room. "

"Within one hour, one of the atoms of the radioactive material might decay (or break down because the material is not stable), or it may not. "

"If the material breaks down, it will release an atomic particle, which will hit the geiger counter, which will release poison gas, which will kill the cat."

The question now is: at the end of the hour, is the cat alive or dead? Schrödinger says that according to the Copenhagen Interpretation, as long as the door is closed, the cat is dead and alive. There is no way to know until the door is opened. But by opening the door, the person is interfering with the experiment. The person and the experiment have to be described with reference to each other.

By "looking" at the experiment the person has influenced the experiment, therefore it may not give us the correct answer. 

The thought experiment was invented by Schrödinger to demonstrate the foolishness of thinking about quantum states for large objects. It has also been referenced many times in pop culture.


Wollongong, New South Wales

Wollongong () is a city in New South Wales, Australia. It is on the eastern coast of Australia, , just over one hour from the south of Sydney and 2.5 hours from Canberra. It is the third largest city in New South Wales, after Sydney and Newcastle.

Yule

Yuletide is a pagan holiday also known as the Winter solstice. Generally celebrated by Wiccans and Northern European Christians. "Yuletide" celebrates the birth of the Sun and also celebrates the "Mother" at the height of her "Greatness". 
Pagans celebrate Yuletide in many ways, most will decorate a "Yuletide" tree, keep it in their homes until most of the leaves fall off then burn the Yule log. Many Wiccans will decorate their alters with Yule colours and items and generally just honour the Goddess.

The Christian holiday, Christmas, was created by the Christian Romans based around the polytheistic (many Gods) Sun God festival (Sol Invictis) on the winter solstice, and people in northern Europe combined it with their Yule festival. Yule is celebrated on the 25th of December by most Northern Europeans and the 21st of December, by Wiccans and many non religious groups. For them, Yule is celebrated as the longest night of the year. It is the night when the sun sets earliest and rises latest the next day. The Wiccan ritual includes thanking the Goddess for the past year and asking for a happiness in the year to come.



List of cities in Australia

This is a list of cities in Australia sorted by state.









Warrnambool, Victoria

Warrnambool is a city on the south-western coast of Victoria, Australia. About 34,000 people live in the city. It is at the western end of the Great Ocean Road. It is also on the Princes Highway which links Melbourne and Adelaide. Warrnambool is 265 kilometres and 3 hours from Melbourne by road or rail. The name "Warrnambool" is an Indigenous Australian word meaning "water between two rivers", "two swamps", or "plenty of water".

There are daily trains to Melbourne, via Geelong, and buses to Ballarat, Hamilton and Mount Gambier, South Australia.

The average maximum temperatures are 22 C in summer and 14 C in winter.

It is possible that the first European people to come to Warrnambool arrived in the 1500s. There is a wrecked ship in the sand dunes near Warrnambool which historians believe is an early Portuguese ship. It may have been part of an expedition in 1522, led by Christovao Mendonca. The wreck was first seen in 1836, but the last sighting was in 1880. It is now covered in sand, and its exact location is now unknown. It is just one of the 80 wrecked ships along the coast. There are 29 wrecks in Lady Bay at Warrnambool. The first recorded exploration of this part of the Victorian coast was by the French explorer Nicholas Baudin in 1802. During the 1830s whaler hunters lived on the coast during the whaling season.

Farmers began to settle along the coast during the 1840s. In 1846 the town was surveyed and laid out, and the first land sale was held in 1847.

Whitney Sloan

Whitney Adela Sloan (born August 21, 1988) is an English actress. She is from London, England. Perhaps her most notable role is in a recent Disney made movie, "Go Figure".

Macedonia

Macedonia or Macedonian may refer to:




Rock–paper–scissors

Rock, paper, scissors (RPS) is a two-person hand game. It is often used as a selection method in a similar way to coin flipping or drawing straws to randomly select a person for some purpose. However, unlike truly random selections, it can be played with skill if the game extends over many sessions, as a player can often recognize and exploit the non-random behavior of an opponent.

Sportsmen often use RPS (both officially and unofficially, in place of a coin toss) to decide on opening plays. Similarly, uncertain calls, or even the whole game in case of rain, may be so decided. It is also often used as a method for creating appropriately non-biased random results in live action role-playing games, as it requires no equipment. It is also used in some gambling sites as a form of novelty betting.

The exact name of the game can vary, with the three components appearing in a different order, or with "stone" in place of "rock". Non-English speakers may know the game by their local words for "rock, paper, scissors", although it is also known as Janken or Yakyuken in Japan, Kawi Bawi Bo in Korea, Pierre-Papier-Ciseaux in France, Ca-Chi-Pun in Chile, and in South Africa as Ching-Chong-Cha, the words used in the 'count'.

The players both count aloud to three, or speak the name of the game (e.g. "Rock! Paper! Scissors!" or "Reaux! Sham! Beaux!"), each time raising one hand in a fist and swinging it down on the count. On the third count, or on a further beat after the third count (saying "shoot"), the players change their hands into one of three gestures, which they then "throw" by extending it towards their opponent.

Rock is represented by a closed fist. 
Paper is represented by an open hand. 
Scissors is represented by the index and middle fingers extended. 
The objective is to select a gesture which defeats that of the opponent. Gestures are resolved as follows:

Rock blunts/smashes scissors; rock wins. 
Paper covers rock; paper wins. 
Scissors cut paper; scissors wins. 

In terms of logic, this type of game is intransitive.
If both players choose the same gesture, the game is tied and played again.

In some variations of the game, the winner of each round "uses" the weapon on the opponent's weapon, to demonstrate that they have won.

RPS is frequently played in a "best two out of three" match, and tournament players often prepare sequences of three gestures ahead of time.

Rock, Paper, Scissors also has many variations, mainly adding more options, such as Rock, Paper, Scissors, Spock, Snake, which plays upon the character Spock from the popular show, Star Trek. In that version, Spock is represented by his iconic hand gesture, in which the index and middle fingers are separated from the ring and pinkie fingers. Lizard is represented by a flattened "o" hand shape, in reference to the lizard's face.

The game is famous in Korea, Japan, China, and the United States.

Darwin

Darwin can mean:

Katie Leung

Katie Leung (born 8 August 1987) is a Scottish actress. She is most famous for her role as Cho Chang in the "Harry Potter" series. She was born in Dundee, Scotland.

Her parents, Peter and Kar Wai Li Leung, are Chinese immigrants. After her parents got divorced, she lived with her father in a £400,000 house in Motherwell, Scotland. Her two brothers and a younger sister, also lived with her. Her father owns a restaurant and a fast food business in Motherwell. Leung went to school at Hamilton College, a Scottish private school in Glasgow. She speaks fluent Cantonese and some Mandarin.

Leung has been named as Scotland's most stylish female and as the hottest Scotswoman by "The Scotsman". She has also been in "Teen Vogue" and in "Evening Standard".




Film noir

Film noir is a term used to describe crime drama movies from Hollywood that are often focused on sex, crime, and corruption. 

Film noir movies were mostly made from the early 1940s to the late 1950s in the United States, and they were usually filmed in black-and-white. The term "film noir" comes from the French term for "black film" or "dark film". Film noir movies include many different genres of movies, such as gangster movies, police movies, and detective movies. 

Film noir movies were often filmed so that there were many dark shadows in the movie, even on characters' faces. The Hollywood film noir movies were influenced by German film directors such as Fritz Lang, who used dramatic lighting techniques. Another influence on film noir movies was 1930s French books or movies about heroes who would die at the end of the story or stories with sad endings. Film noir movies were also influenced by crime fiction, such as the detective and crime stories by Dashiell Hammett, James M. Cain, and Raymond Chandler.

Some important film noir movies are: "Stranger on the Third Floor" (1940); "The Maltese Falcon" (1941) "Double Indemnity" (1944) "The Big Sleep" (1946) "The Postman Always Rings Twice" (1946); "Key Largo" (1948);"Kiss Me Deadly" (1955), and "Touch of Evil" (1958). 

The important actors from Hollywood film noir movies were Robert Mitchum, Humphrey Bogart, and Peter Lorre.

The film noir period was the 1940s and 1950s. Even in the years after the 1950s, some movies were made in the film noir style. In the 1960s and 1970s, there were movies like "The Manchurian Candidate" (1962) and "Chinatown" (1974), which were influenced by the film noir movies from the 1950s.

In the 1980s and 1990s there were movies that were a bit like film noir movies, like "Body Heat" (1981), "Basic Instinct" (1992), "Kill Me Again" (1989)," Red Rock West" (1992), and "Fargo" (1996). In the 2000s, there are also movies that are like film noir movies in some ways. For example, there are films such as "Memento" (2000) and "Sin City" (2005). 

There are also science fiction movies that look a bit like film noir movies because they look dark and they have a lead character who does some bad things, such as "Soylent Green" (1973); "Blade Runner" (1982), which starred Harrison Ford; and "Minority Report" (2002), which starred Tom Cruise.

Film noir movies are often shot in cities at night, and the stories often take place in bars, nightclubs, gambling clubs, casinos, and cheap hotels. This makes film noir movies look very dark, because the scenes are shot at night, or inside dark places like a bar or hotel.

Film noir movie scenes often have a lot of shadows, such as the shadows of window frames, blinds, or stair banisters. There are also often dark shadows on the movie scenes, even on the faces of the actors. All of the shadows and darkness make the film noir movies feel mysterious and stressful. 

The characters in film noir movies are often motivated by greed, jealousy, or revenge. The characters in film noir movies are often private detectives or police officers who are investigating crimes committed by bad criminals and gang members such as murder, gambling or prostitution. In film noir movies, there are often stories about robberies, heists, extortion of money (which is called "blackmail"), or murder.

In film noir movies, even the heroes or lead characters are often bad or partly bad in some way. For example, the hero of a film noir movie may help an innocent man or woman who is being threatened by a criminal, or rescue a woman from a criminal gang. Yet the hero or lead character may also do bad things, such as commit crimes, hurt or threaten people, or tell lies. 

Often, the hero or lead character of a film noir film will be bitter, sad, lonely, or depressed, because of bad things that happened to them. The person watching the movie has to decide if they think that a hero who does both good and bad things is a good person or not. The stories from film noir movies can make the audience think about how people should act, or how people should make choices in their life. This is one of the things that people like about watching film noir movies.

Film noir movies are not happy movies. In happy movies, like romance movies, people fall in love, get married, and live happy lives. In film noir movies, sad things happen. A good man with a wife might need money for their rent, and borrow the money from a criminal gang leader, because the good man has no other way of getting the money. Then the bad gang leader might force the good man to do bad things to pay back the money. Maybe the bad gang leader will threaten to hurt the good man's wife. Then the good man has to decide between protecting his wife or doing a bad crime. 

People who watch film noir movies like to see stories about people who have to make hard choices, or people whose lives have sad things happen in them. Real life is not a romantic comedy; people often have to make hard choices or have sad things happen.

Robert Ottoson wrote a book in 1981 about film noir called "A Reference Guide to the American Film Noir: 1940–1958".


Jazz fusion

Jazz fusion (or "jazz-rock fusion" or fusion) is a genre or style of music. Jazz fusion mixes jazz with rock. Some jazz fusion also uses funk, rhythm and blues and world music.

Jazz fusion is usually played with instruments, without singing. The songs are often longer than those in pop music. A jazz fusion song could be five to ten minutes long. A pop song is usually about three minutes long. Also, jazz fusion songs have a long solo played by instruments. Frank Zappa, for example, had long guitar solos in his music, which was of the jazz fusion genre. In jazz fusion, solos are improvised, or made up as they are played, during a performance.

Jazz fusion music is not heard much on the radio in the United States or Canada. In Europe, it is more popular on radio stations.

Jazz fusion began in the late 1960s in the United States. In the late 1960s jazz musicians such as Miles Davis and a band called The Tony Williams Lifetime began using electric instruments such as electric bass and electric piano in their jazz music. As well, jazz musicians began adding rhythms or beats from soul music, rhythm and blues, and rock music into their jazz music. Two important jazz fusion albums are "In a Silent Way" and "Bitches Brew."

In the 1970s, more people began playing jazz fusion. It became more popular, so more people began listening to jazz fusion and going to jazz fusion concerts. In the 1970s, jazz musicians such as Herbie Hancock, Joe Zawinul, Jan Hammer and Chick Corea began using electronic synthesizers in their songs.

In the early 1980s, a new style of jazz fusion called "pop fusion" began being played. This new style of pop fusion was softer and slower than fusion from the early 1970s. Pop fusion was played a lot more on the radio than the fusion from the early 1970s. Pop fusion musicians include Lee Ritenour, Al Jarreau, Kenny G, Bob James and David Sanborn.
Steve Vai was an icon of jazz fusion in the 1980s and played extensive guitar based jazz fusion instrumentals.

Stadio Olimpico

Stadio Olimpico is a sports stadium in Rome, Italy.


Insulation

Insulation might mean:

Arc de Triomphe

The Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile is commonly known as Arc de Triomphe (meaning "arch of victory"). It is a famous monument in Paris. It is at the centre of the Place Charles de Gaulle. This was formerly called the "Place de l'Étoile" at the western end of the Champs-Elysées. 

Emperor Napoléon Bonaparte commissioned it in 1806 after victory in the Battle of Austerlitz. It was inaugurated on 29 July 1836. It is a large arch, but it is not possible to drive underneath it. Jean-François Chalgrin designed it, and it has roughly 300 steps that lead to the top. It has four main sculptures and six reliefs. Just beneath the vault of the arch, there is the tomb of the unknown soldier. The names of French generals and battles are engraved on the walls. The first stone was laid on August 6th, 1806. It is over 160 feet high and serves as a gate/entryway for the city. 

Show

Show can mean different things:


Traffic light

Traffic lights (or traffic signals) are lights used to control the movement of traffic. They are placed at road intersections and crossings. The different colors of lights tell drivers what to do.

In South Africa, they call them robots.

Traffic lights change their colors in the same order every time. In most English-speaking countries, traffic lights usually change in this order:

William Potts, a police officer, invented the first traffic light with three colors.

Railway signal

A railway signal or just signal is a mechanical or electrical machine that gives train drivers or engineers information about the line ahead. These traffic signals say whether the train must stop or may continue and what speed the train may go.

In Britain, modern signalling uses a system similar to road traffic lights. The signals are coloured lights mounted on a pole. A red signal means 'do not go further'. A yellow signal gives a warning to the driver that the next signal is showing a red. Some signals can show two yellow lights, known as a "double yellow" and are warnings to the driver that the next signal is showing a yellow. A green signal means 'you can continue'.

On older lines semaphore signals are still used. These are poles with a coloured bar at the top, which can be moved so that it is either horizontal, or at an angle. When a red bar is horizontal this means that the train must stop, and when it is pointing diagonally up or down it means that it's safe for the driver to continue. There are also signals with yellow bars which give warnings in the same way as yellow lights on newer signals.


Maitland, New South Wales

Maitland () is a city in New South Wales, Australia. The city is on the Hunter River. Maitland is 200 km north of Sydney and 30 km northwest of Newcastle. Maitland is sometimes called the largest city that is not on the sea in New South Wales. The Maitland Gaol, which closed in 1998, is now a tourist attraction.


Benalla

Benalla is a city in Victoria, Australia. In 2016, 9,298 people lived there. Benalla is on the Hume Highway between Sydney and Melbourne. The town is on the Broken River, which often floods. Benalla has a station on the main railway line between Sydney and Melbourne. Benalla is widely known for it's annual 'Wall to Wall' festival which sees many tourists through the area to visit the wall art. 

Major Thomas Mitchell went through this area on his way back to Sydney in 1836. One of the men with him, a convict named James Taylor, was drowned while trying to cross the Broken River. After Mitchell many farmers arrived with sheep to make new farms. The Reverend Joseph Docker (1793 - 1865) started a farm called ""Benalta"" in 1838 but later settled on the run Bontherambo, near Wangaratta. The name came from the Taungurung Australian aboriginal word meaning "musk duck". The name was later changed to Benalla.

Seven men, working for farmers George and William Faithfull, were killed by the aborigines at Winding Swamp on April 11 1838. The police under Captain Lonsdale killed many Taungurung people as punishment. Their ears were cut off and taken back to Melbourne as a trophy (prize).

The town of Benalla was surveyed in 1846.

The Benalla Botanical Gardens were started in 1886. They cover an area of . The gardens are well known for their collection of roses. The gardens also have three "Ulmus x viminalis", an elm tree hybrid. These trees are listed on the Significant Tree Register of the National Trust. They are the only known examples of the hybrid elm in Australia.

Grafton, New South Wales

Grafton (, ) is a small city on the northern coast of New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Clarence River and is 640 kilometres north of Sydney. The town is famous for its double-decker road/railway bridge.

Zupaysaurus

Zupaysaurus was a dinosaur that lived in South America 213 million years ago, during the Upper Triassic period. It was about 5 meters (15 feet) long. A dinosaur very similar to it, "Dracovenator", lived in South Africa at the same time. 

During the Triassic period, all the continents were connected to form the supercontinent of Pangaea, and animals could migrate freely between them. Zupaysaurus was a carnivore. 

Zephyrosaurus

Zephyrosaurus was a small dinosaur. It was a relative of Hypsilophodon. It lived 132 million years ago, in the western part of what is now North America. It was 6 ft (2 metres) long and 3 ft (1 metre) high.

The remains are bones from various parts of the body. It had a steep face, a raised knob on the upper jaw, and a larger knob on the cheekbone. Some of the bones may have allowed movement within the skull (cranial kinesis) as well. Like other hypsilophodonts, it had beak teeth.

Hypsilophodon

Hypsilophodon was a small, fast-running, plant-eating dinosaur. It lived 125 million years ago, was 2.3 metres long (7/8 feet), including tail, and weighed about the same as a man.

It was originally thought to be a young "Iguanodon" which could climb trees. Later it was realised to be a different species, and to be a running dinosaur, not adapted for climbing.

Like most small dinosaurs, "Hypsilophodon" was bipedal and ran on two legs. Its entire body was built for running; a light-weight, low, aerodynamic posture, long legs and stiff tail for balance. All this would have allowed it to travel remarkably fast for its size.

"Hypsilophodon" fed on low-growing vegetation, most likely preferring young shoots and roots in the manner of modern deer. The structure of its skull, with the teeth set far back into the jaw, strongly suggests that it had cheeks, an advanced feature that would have facilitated the chewing of food. There were twenty-eight to thirty ridged teeth in the animal's jaw which, due to their alternate arrangement, appear to have been self-sharpening. As in almost all dinosaurs and certainly all the ornithischians, the teeth were continuously replaced.

The level of parental care in this dinosaur has not been defined, although a neatly-arranged nest has been found, suggesting that some care was taken before hatching. Fossils of large groups have been found, so it is likely that the animals moved in herds. For these reasons, the hypsilophodonts, particularly "Hypsilophodon", have often been referred to as the "deer of the Mesozoic".

Despite living in the Cretaceous, "Hypsilophodon" had a number of primitive, or basal, features. For example, there were five fingers on each 'hand' and four on each foot. Most dinosaurs had fewer digits by the Cretaceous period. Also, although it had a beak, "Hypsilophodon" still had pointed triangular teeth in the front of the jaw. Most herbivorous dinosaurs had, by this stage, lost the front teeth altogether (although there is some debate as to whether these teeth may have had a specialized function in "Hypsilophodon").

The group Hypsilophodontidae remained the same from the Upper Jurassic to the end of the Cretaceous. It is possible that this was because the animals were almost perfectly adapted to their lifestyle, therefore selective pressure, it is assumed, was low.

The family named after "Hysilophodon" has these genera:


Dryosaurus

Dryosaurus was a small plant-eating ornithopod dinosaur that lived in forests of western North America around 150 million years ago.

Its family, the Dryosauridae, were precursors (ancestors) of the Iguanodons, and lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Lower Cretaceous.

Iguanodon

Iguanodon is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous period in Europe, North America, Africa and Asia. It lived 125/126 million years ago (mya).

Discovered in 1822 and described three years later by English geologist Gideon Mantell, "Iguanodon" was the second dinosaur formally named, after "Megalosaurus". Together with "Megalosaurus" and "Hylaeosaurus", it was one of the three genera originally used to define the Dinosauria.

A large, bulky herbivore, "Iguanodon" is thought by some to be in the same family as the duck-billed hadrosaurs. The taxonomy of the genus continues to be a topic of study as new species are named or long-standing ones reassigned to other genera.

Scientific understanding of "Iguanodon" has evolved over time. New information is got from the fossils. Researchers have made suggestions about the living animal, including feeding, movement, and social behaviour. As one of the first scientifically known dinosaurs, "Iguanodon" is well known.

There are at least two species recognised:

Because its front limbs were shorter than the hindlimbs, Mantell guessed it could move on two legs, as opposed to Owen, who thought it was quadrupedal. As it happens, it probably used both modes. Slow walking would be done on all fours, and faster running on the hind legs. Either way, the position of the body would be more horizontal than upright, with the tail held above the ground by its ossified (bony) ligaments (they can be clearly seen on the skeleton). It would defend itself against predators on its hind legs, using its strong front arms and dagger-like thumbs as weapons.

The teeth were close-set grinding teeth suitable for a browser. it is believed that, as with most other ornithischians, "Iguanodon" had some sort of cheek-like structure, muscular or non-muscular, to keep food in the mouth.

Xylem

Xylem is a tissue in vascular plants. Its cells have thick, hard walls. Xylem tissue dies soon after it is formed and is the wood in the middle of a tree. The dead cells are like pipes, hollow and rigid.

Xylem is one of two tissues in the plant which transport substances that plants need to live. Substances that xylem transports include water and minerals obtained through the plant's roots, as xylem runs from the roots to the stems and leaves. The other transport tissue is the phloem, which transports energy in the form of sugar (as well as any other chemicals) from the leaves to the rest of the plant.

Xylem cells are present in all parts of a plant, in stems, roots, and leaves. Water is carried against gravity by the negative pressure that builds up through the process of transpiration, which is the evaporation of moisture in leaves.

Xylem consists of four types of cells:


Most of these cells are dead cells and have thick walls.


Allosaurus

Allosaurus was a large theropod dinosaur from the Jurassic period, a predatory carnivore.

"Allosaurus" averaged 8.5 metres (28 ft) in length, though some remains suggest it could reach over 12 meters (39 ft). Its three-fingered forelimbs were smaller than its large hind legs, and the body was balanced by a long, heavy tail. It weighed 2.3 tons. 

It is the most common large predator found in the Morrison Formation of North America. This formation was laid down 155 to 145 million years ago, in the Jurassic.

"Allosaurus" was at the top of the food chain. It probably preyed on large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators (e.g. "Ceratosaurus"). Potential prey included ornithopods, stegosaurs, and sauropods.

Some paleontologists think "Allosaurus" had cooperative behavior, and hunted in packs. Others believe they may have been aggressive toward each other.

Groups have been found together in the fossil record. This might be evidence of pack behavior, or just the result of lone individuals feeding on the same carcass.

Remains of many individuals have been found, including some which are almost complete. Over sixty-nine individuals from one species have been found.

Sauropods, live or dead, seem to be likely candidates as prey. Sauropod bones with holes fitting allosaur teeth, and the presence of shed allosaur teeth with sauropod bones have been found.

There is dramatic evidence for allosaur attacks on "Stegosaurus". An "Allosaurus" tail vertebra has been found with a partially healed puncture which fits a "Stegosaurus" thagomizer. Also, there is a "Stegosaurus" neck plate with a U-shaped wound that correlates well with an "Allosaurus" snout.

"Allosaurus" was probably not a predator of fully grown sauropods, unless it hunted in packs. It had a modestly sized skull and relatively small teeth, and was greatly outweighed by adult sauropods. Another possibility is that it preferred to hunt juveniles instead of fully grown adults.

Researchers have made other suggestions. Robert T. Bakker compared the short teeth to serrations on a saw. This saw-like cutting edge runs the length of the upper jaw, and could have been driven into prey. This type of jaw would permit slashing attacks against much larger prey, with the goal of weakening the victim.

Another study showed the skull was very strong but had a relatively small bite force. The authors suggested that "Allosaurus" used its skull like a hatchet against prey, attacking open-mouthed, slashing flesh with its teeth, and tearing it away without splintering bones, but this is disputed by other scientists.

Different strategies could be used against different prey. The skull was light enough to allow attacks on smaller and more agile ornithopods, but strong enough for high-impact ambush attacks against larger prey like stegosaurs and sauropods.

Their ideas were challenged by other researchers, who found no modern examples of a hatchet attack. They thought it more likely that the skull was strong to absorb stresses from struggling prey.

The original authors noted that "Allosaurus" itself has no modern equivalent, so the absence of a modern 'hatchet attacker' was not significant. They thought the tooth row was well-suited to such an attack, and that articulations (joints) in the skull helped to lessen stress.

Another possibility for handling large prey is that theropods like "Allosaurus" were 'flesh grazers' which could take bites of flesh out of living sauropods, sufficient to sustain the predator so it did not need to kill the prey outright. This strategy might have allowed the prey to recover and be fed upon again later. 
Another idea is that ornithopods, the most common available prey, could be subdued by "Allosaurus" grasping the prey with their forelimbs, and then making bites on the throat to crush the trachea. The forelimbs were strong and capable of restraining prey, and the articulation of the claws suggests that they could have been used to hook things.

The shape of the "Allosaurus" skull limited binocular vision to 20° of width, slightly less than that of modern crocodilians. As with crocodiles, this may have been enough to judge prey distance and time attacks. The similar width of their field of view suggests that allosaurs, like modern crocodiles, were ambush hunters.

Finally, the top speed of "Allosaurus" has been estimated at 30 to 55 kilometers per hour (19 to 34 miles per hour).

The fossil site known as the Cleveland-Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry in Emery County, Utah was known in 1927, but major operations did not begin there until 1960. An effort from nearly 40 institutions got thousands of bones between 1960 and 1965. The quarry is notable for the many "Allosaurus" remains, the condition of the specimens, and our ignorance of its ancient origin. It is estimated that the remains of at least 46 "A. fragilis" have been found there, out of at least 73 dinosaurs. The fossils found there are disarticulated (separate) and well-mixed.

Suggestions as to how it arose include animals getting stuck in a bog, to becoming trapped in deep mud, to falling victim to drought-induced mortality around a waterhole, to getting trapped in a spring-fed pond or seep. Regardless of the cause, the great quantity of well-preserved "Allosaurus" remains means the animal is one of the best-known theropods. Individuals of almost all ages and sizes are found, from less than 1 meter (3.3 ft) to 12 meters (39 ft) long.

There are five recognised species of "Allosaurus": 

"Allosaurus", like "Tyrannosaurus", has come to represent the quintessential large, carnivorous dinosaur in popular culture.

It is a common dinosaur in museums. A number of museums cooperated in excavations at the Cleveland Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry. By 1976, museums in eight countries on three continents had Cleveland-Lloyd allosaur material or casts. "Allosaurus" is the official 'state fossil' of Utah.

"Allosaurus" is top predator in both Arthur Conan Doyle's 1912 novel, "The Lost World", and its 1925 film adaptation, the first full-length motion picture to feature dinosaurs.

"Allosaurus" was used as the starring dinosaur of the 1956 film "The Beast of Hollow Mountain", and the 1969 film "The Valley of Gwangi". Gwangi is billed as an "Allosaurus", though Ray Harryhausen based his model for the creature on Charles R. Knight's depiction of a "Tyrannosaurus". "Allosaurus" appeared in the second episode of the 1999 BBC television series "Walking with Dinosaurs" and the follow-up special "The Ballad of Big Al", which speculated on the life of the 'Big Al' specimen, as revealed by the numerous injuries and pathologies in its skeleton.

Ceratosaurus

Ceratosaurus was a predatory dinosaur from the Upper Jurassic period, 156 to 145 million years ago. 

It was first described by O.C. Marsh in 1884. It had a horn on its nose, and a pair of small horns above its eyes. Unusually, for a theropod, "Ceratosaurus" had armour: small osteoderms ran down the middle of its back.

The animal had deep jaws and long blade-like teeth. A nearly complete skeleton was discovered in Garden Park, Colorado, in rocks belonging to the Morrison Formation.Other examples or close relatives have since been found.Ceratosaurus was a midle sized carnivorus dinosaur found in the jurassic period.Cerastosaurus was known for the large horns on the top of its head.Ceratosaurus was in the same time as the allosaurus,stegosaurus and many more.Ceratosaurus was ranged from 9.2 meters long to 11.6 meters long.

This made it a fast and dependable predator.Ceratosaurs had 4 fingers mostly used for grabing\clutching objects.Ceratosaurus teeth were around 1.7-2.1 inches tall. Scientists have found bite marks of ceratosaurus in many dinosaurs including,allosaurus,stegosaurus and more.

Carnotaurus

Carnotaurus was a predatory dinosaur. It lived 70 million years ago on the Cretaceous period. It was a large theropod which lived in South America. Although there is only one well-preserved skeleton, it is one of the best-understood theropods from the southern hemisphere. The skeleton, found in 1984, was uncovered in the Chubut Province of Argentina.

"Carnotaurus" is a member of the Abelisauridae, a group of large theropods. They lived only in the ancient southern supercontinent Gondwana. They were the dominant predators of the later Cretaceous of Gondwana. They occupied the ecological niche filled by the tyrannosaurids in the northern continents. 

"Carnotaurus" was a lightly built, bipedal predator, in length and weighing . As a theropod, "Carnotaurus" was highly specialized and distinctive. It had thick horns above the eyes, a feature not seen in other carnivorous dinosaurs, and a very deep skull sitting on a muscular neck. Also, it had small, vestigial forelimbs, smaller even than those of "Tyrannosaurus".

The remains include skin impressions showing a mosaic of small, non-overlapping scales about 5 mm in diameter. The mosaic was interrupted by large bumps that lined the sides of the animal, and there are no hints of feathers.

The distinctive horns and muscular neck may have been used in fighting rivals of its own species. Rivals may have fought with quick head blows, by slow pushes with the upper sides of their skulls, or by ramming each other head-on, using their horns as shock absorbers. The feeding habits of "Carnotaurus" remain unclear. Some studies suggest the animal was able to hunt down very large prey such as sauropods, while other studies find it preyed mainly on relatively small animals. "Carnotaurus" was well adapted for running and was possibly one of the fastest large theropods.

The animal lived in an environment of estuaries, tidal flats or coastal plains. The climate would have been seasonal with both dry and humid periods. The most common vertebrates collected include lungfish, turtles, crocodiles, plesiosaurs, dinosaurs, lizards, snakes and mammals. Turtles are represented by at least five taxa. In 2011, the discovery of a new enantiornithine bird from the La Colonia Formation was announced.

It appears in the movie "Dinosaur" (2000), when two Carnotaurus were killing other species of Iguanodon, Parasaurolophus, Pachyrhinosaurus or Stygimoloch. And in "" (2018), when fighting a Sinoceratops and gets taken down by the iconic "Rexy" the Tyrannosaurus rex. Later on in the movie, it escapes the "Lockwood Manor" in Michael Crichton's book "The Lost World" (1995)

Coelophysis

Coelophysis was a small fast running carnivorous dinosaur. It is one of the earliest known genera of dinosaur. "Coelophysis" was found in Upper Triassic strata dated to about 200 million years ago (mya). It lived in what is now the southwestern United States. Similar dinosaurs are found all over the world at that time.

"Coelophysis" walked on two legs (as did all theropods). It was no more than about three feet (1 meter) tall at the hips but because of a long tail could be almost 10 feet (3 meters) long. There is some evidence that these animals hunted in packs, from the large numbers found together at the Ghost Ranch fossil site in New Mexico.

Two different sizes of this species have been found in the fossil record. At first paleontologists thought that they were two different species, but most now think that this is because "Coelophysis" males were larger than the females. This trait, known as sexual dimorphism, is often seen today in many animal species.

"Coelophysis" had a long narrow head (approximately ), with large, forward-facing eyes that afforded it stereoscopic vision and as a result excellent depth perception. The eyes were supported by bony rings ("sclerotic" rings). The complete sclerotic ring of a juvenile "Coelophysis bauri" was compared to those of reptiles and birds. Evidently "Coelophysis" was a daytime predator which hunted by sight. The study found that its vision was superior to that of most lizards, and ranked with that of modern birds of prey.

For a while, it was thought that "Coelophysis" were cannibalistic, because what looked like "Coelophysis" babies were seen in the stomach of an adult "Coelophysis". However, these specimens were misinterpreted. Several specimens of "juvenile coelophysids" were actually small crurotarsan reptiles such as "Hesperosuchus". In some cases bigger individuals were crushed on top of smaller ones. There is no longer any evidence to support cannibalistic behavior in "Coelophysis".

Edward Drinker Cope first named "Coelophysis" in 1889. This was during the "Bone Wars" with Othniel Charles Marsh. An amateur fossil collector, David Baldwin, found the first remains of the dinosaur in 1881. The type species, "C. bauri" was named after him. These first finds were too poorly preserved to give a complete picture of the new dinosaur.

In 1947, a substantial 'graveyard' of "Coelophysis" fossils was found in New Mexico, at Ghost Ranch, close to the original find. So many fossils together were probably the result of a flash flood, which swept away a large number of "Coelophysis" and buried them quickly and simultaneously. It seems such flooding was commonplace at the time. The Petrified Forest of nearby Arizona was caused by a log jam of tree trunks caught in a flood.

The Ghost Ranch specimens were numerous, with many well-preserved specimens. Since the Ghost Ranch specimens were discovered, more skeletons have been found in Arizona, New Mexico and an as-yet unconfirmed specimen from Utah, including both adults and juveniles. The deposits where "Coelophysis" was discovered date from the late Triassic, but similar specimens have been found in the Lower Jurassic elsewhere in the world.

"Coelophysis" is the state fossil of New Mexico. Examples have also been found in Southern Africa.

Dilophosaurus

Dilophosaurus (meaning 'double-crested lizard') was a medium-large dinosaur from 190 million years ago.

"Dilophosaurus" has been examined several times over the years and has been put into no less than nine different theropod groups. It may be related to the smaller "Coelophysis". Specific details of its life-style are few. Some of its fossils were found in terrain which was a low-lying slow-moving river system at the time. The animal was obviously a carnivore.

"Dilophosaurus" was shown in the movies, "Jurassic Park", "Jurassic World Dominion" and "When Dinosaurs Roamed America".

SimCity 4

SimCity 4 is the fourth sequel to the SimCity computer game. It was created by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts.

The main new feature in this game is the addition of 'God Mode'. This is one of the three elements of gameplay. Players can add mountains, lakes, rivers and canyons to their landscape.

Another feature is "MySims" mode, a mode that lets players import their Sims from the game The Sims and add them into their city. This lets players see what they are thinking.

Cities are grouped into regions, which allow different cities in the same region to be connected. They can be connected by road or train, and cities could share water. Some regions come with the game, but you can create your own.

RCI stands for residential (housing), commercial, and industry demand. The higher the demand, the faster the city grows. No demand or negative demand causes buildings to be empty and run down. 

Big buildings show up when you have high density zones. The amount of people living in the city changes the amount of skyscrapers built in the city. Skyscrapers can be built when residential population reaches 30,000, and when commercial population reaches 45,000.

Elasmosaurus

Elasmosaurus was a 46 foot long swimming reptile that lived in the North American Inland Sea. It was a plesiosaur. 

It was first discovered in 1868 by a scientist named Edward Drinker Cope who accidentally put the head on the tail. It had 71 cervical vertebrae. 

It was suggested by D.M.S. Watson that their method was as surface swimmers, mostly eating with their head above water, darting down to snatch smaller fish which were feeding on plankton. It is hard to see the benefit of a long neck under water. Aquatic mammals operating under water all have a streamlined torpedo-shape, as did pliosaurs and ichthyosaurs. All the longer-necked families were, from the setting of the teeth and jaws, eaters of small fish. The large number of neck vertebrae is probably linked to the modest degree of flexibility between adjacent vertebrae.

Waffen-SS

The Waffen-SS was part of the Schutzstaffel (SS). "Waffen-SS" means "Armed SS" in German. The Waffen-SS was a paramilitary organization within the SS.

The divisions of the Waffen-SS were made of highly trained soldiers. Their original job was to protect higher-ranking people in the SS and the Nazi Party but later the Waffen-SS became a fully fledged military unit. Together with the "Sturmabteilung" ("Storm Battalion," or SA), they were used as a paramilitary police force.

In 1937, some soldiers were reorganized and nazi leaders gave some SS members the job of guarding and running concentration camps (and, later, death camps). These soldiers were moved from the Waffen-SS to the "SS-Totenkopfverbände".

In some of the concentration camps, like Auschwitz and Buchenwald, doctors of the Waffen-SS did experiments on humans.

Heinrich Himmler led the SS from 1929 until Nazi Germany lost World War II in 1945. After World War II, the SS were found guilty of crimes against humanity, and the SS was completely abolished.

The Waffen-SS was grouped into divisions, as follows:

The differences to the normal army units were as follows:


One of the strangest SS units was the British Free Corps. It was a unit of the Waffen SS during World War II. The unit was made of about 27 prisoners of war from the British Empire. One British soldier who helped recruit other soldiers to join the unit was John Amery. After the war, he was sentenced to death for high treason, he was then executed.

After the end of the war, all soldiers were dismissed from the SS, since the SS was dissolved after the fall of the German Reich.

In 1951, the "Hilfsgemeinschaft auf Gegenseitigkeit der ehemaligen Angehörigen der Waffen-SS" was founded in Germany. This translates to "Mutual support organisation of former members of the Waffen-SS'." In English, it is better known as "HIAG." The group wanted soldiers who were in the Waffen-SS to be treated the same as soldiers of the Wehrmacht (the regular German Army).

The group also publishes a magazine. The magazine tries to send the message that the Waffen-SS Soldiers were just and not inhumane or war criminals any more than any other soldiers on neither side of the conflict. Sometimes, there are also revisionist articles in it.


Pizzicato

Pizzicato means: playing a string instrument by plucking the strings (pulling a string with the finger and letting go quickly). Instruments such as the violin, viola, cello and double bass are normally played with a bow, but if the composer wants the player to pluck instead of bow, the word “pizzicato” or just “pizz” is written in the music. When the player has to play with the bow again the word “arco” is written in the music (“arco” is the Italian word for “bow”).

When instruments of the violin family are played pizzicato the player usually plucks the string with the index finger (pointing finger) of the right hand somewhere over the fingerboard. Bassists typically use the index and middle finger. Sometimes the player may rest the thumb on the edge of the fingerboard to keep the hand steady. Sometimes more fingers can be used for particularly fast pizzicato sections. Cellists and double bass players can use the thumb for plucking, especially for playing chords.

It is also possible to play pizzicato with the left hand (the hand which is normally doing the fingering). It is not difficult to pluck an open string with the left hand. Stopped strings are harder, and the brilliant violinist and composer Niccolò Paganini wrote some virtuoso pieces with extremely difficult left hand pizzicato. 

Very occasionally violinists may be asked to pluck their instruments holding them down in their laps. This is normally when they are deliberately imitating a guitar.

Very often players have to change very quickly from bowing to plucking and back again. It is easy to play a bowed note and then immediately a plucked note if the bowed note finished near the heel of the bow (the end where the bow is held). If the bowed note finishes near the tip the player needs a moment to get the hand ready to pluck. It can take a little more time to go back to bowing again because the player has to get the bow back into playing position.

If there is a long pizzicato section then it is more comfortable to put the bow down instead of holding it in the right hand all the time. This is fine so long as the player has time to pick the bow up again when it goes back to arco.

Pizzicato notes sound short and detached (staccato). The player can get different sounds by plucking in different parts of the string. High notes sound very short and dry. Pizzicato notes on the double bass sound much more resonant (big and boomy). Double basses often play pizzicato to give extra rhythmic and harmonic support. For example: in a waltz the cellos and violas might be accompanying the tune with an “um-cha-cha, um-cha-cha” while the double basses just pluck on the “um” (the first beat of the bar). Double basses usually play pizzicato when playing with jazz groups.

One special effect can be made by pulling the string hard and letting it go so that it snaps against the fingerboard. Bartók used this effect several times. This is not the same as jazz bass players who slap the strings at the end of a note (“slap bass”).

In orchestras composers used pizzicato in the 17th century. Monteverdi used it in his opera "Il combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda". In the 19th century the Romantic composers often asked for pizzicato. Tchaikovsky’s "Symphony no 4" has a whole scherzo movement for pizzicato strings. Johann Strauss wrote a "Pizzicato Polka" and in the 20th century Britten wrote a whole movement for pizzicato strings in his "Simple Symphony".

Movement (music)

Long pieces of classical music are often divided into movements. They are like different sections of the piece. Movements can be quite short, or extremely long. If you listen to a symphony it may often be divided into four movements. In the time of Haydn and Mozart the four movements were normally: a fast movement, a slow movement, a dance-like movement (minuet) and a fast movement to end the work.

Concert programmes usually show how many movements there are in the work that is being performed. It may show this using Italian musical terms (e.g. "Allegro" meaning "fast", "Presto" meaning "very fast" or "Andante" meaning "a gentle walking pace"). Here is an example:

Robert Schumann: Symphony no 4 in D minor op.120

Sometimes an orchestra will take a minute or two to retune their instruments, especially in a symphony by Mahler or Shostakovich where one movement might be as long as 25 minutes. At other times the conductor or performer will want to go almost straight on with hardly any break. Sometimes the composer shows that there should be no break at all between movements.

Audiences in the olden days often used to clap between movements, but usually these days they wait until the end of the work to applaud.

The German word for “movement” (in this musical sense) is “Satz” which really means “sentence”. A movement is like a sentence: a collection of things that belong together to make sense. All the movements together are like several sentences: they tell the whole story.

Port Hedland, Western Australia

Port Hedland is a city on the north coast of Western Australia. It has 13,000 people living there. It is the largest city in the Pilbara Region. It has a very large mineral port, because of one of the world's biggest iron deposits.

Worms, Germany

Worms (pronounced /voɐms/) is a city in southwestern Germany in the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate (Rheinland-Pfalz). It lies on the River Rhine. Worms is famous for its local Liebfraumilch wine. It is an industrial center, producing chemicals and metal goods. At the end of 2004, it had 85,829 inhabitants.

Along with Cologne and Trier, Worms is one the oldest cities in Germany. But, there is a disagreement which of the three is actually the oldest. The town is mentioned in the "Nibelungenlied", an old Germanic saga. The town was also very important because of Martin Luther who defended his case against the emperor Charles V in Worms.

The Cathedral of Saint Peter is a very large church in the town. It is one of only three Romanesque cathedrals in Germany. The other two are in Mainz and Speyer. The Worms cathedral is one of the most important Romanesque buildings in Germany. 


Transistor

A transistor is an electronic component that can be used as part of an amplifier, or as a switch. It is made of a semiconductor material. Transistors are found in most electronic devices. The transistor was a major advancement after the triode tube, with using much less electricity, and lasting many years longer, to switch or amplify another electronic current.

The transistor can be used for a variety of different things including amplifiers and digital switches for computer microprocessors. Digital work mostly uses MOSFETs. Some transistors are individually packaged, mainly in order to handle high power. Most transistors are inside integrated circuits.

Transistors have three terminals: the gate, the drain, and the source (on a bipolar transistor, the wires can be called the emitter, the collector, and the base). When the source (or emitter) is connected to the negative terminal of the battery, and the drain (or collector) to the positive terminal, no electricity will flow in the circuit (if you have only a lamp in series with the transistor). But when power flows through the gate (or base), the transistor will allow electricity through. This is because when the gate is positively charged, the positive electrons will push other positive electrons in the transistor letting the negative electrons flow through. The transistor can also work when the gate is just positively charged, so it doesn't need to be touching the drain.

An easy way to think of how a transistor works is as a hose with a sharp bend that stops the water from going through. The water is the electrons, and when you positively charge the gate, it unbends the hose, letting water flow.

The basic Darlington transistor circuit is formed from two bipolar transistors wired emitter to base so they act as one transistor. One of the transistors is connected so that it controls the current to the base of the other transistor. This means that you can control the same amount of current with a very small amount of current going into the base.

When the gate of a P-channel MOSFET is positively charged, electricity will flow through, this is useful for electronics that require a switch to be turned on, making it an electronic switch. This rivals the mechanical switch, which requires a constant force pressing on it.

In a MOSFET used as an amplifier, transistors take the flow of the drain and source, and since the source current is so much larger than the drain's current, it is common for the drain's current to rise to the value of the sources, amplifying it.

Transistors are made of semiconductor chemical elements, usually silicon, which belongs to the modern Group 14 (formerly Group IV) in the periodic table of elements. Germanium, another group-14 element, is used together with silicon in specialized transistors. Researchers are also studying transistors made from special forms of carbon. Transistors can be also made from compounds like gallium arsenide.

The transistor was not the first three terminal device. The triode served the same purpose of the transistor 50 years earlier. Vacuum tubes were important in household technology before transistors. Unfortunately, tubes were big and fragile, used a lot of power, and didn't last very long. The transistor solved these problems.

Three physicists were credited with the invention of the transistor in 1947: Walter H. Brattain, John Bardeen, and William Shockley who contributed the most.

The transistor is a very important component today. If not for the transistor, devices such as cell phones and computers would be very different, or they might have not been invented at all. Transistors have been made very small (dozens of atoms wide) so that billions of them can be put into a small computer chip.

Sex toy

A sex toy is a device that helps humans get more pleasure when they have sex or when they masturbate. Sometimes these devices are also called adult toy, or marital aid. "Marital aid" may also apply to herbs or drugs that have such an effect. Herbs with such an effect are aphrodisiacs. Pornography is not called a sex toy. Neither are condoms or methods of birth control. 

Sex toys can be bought in sex shops. There are also special trade fairs for them. And many online stores sell them on the internet.

Crab-eating Macaques on Bali have been seen as they used stones to sexually stimulate themselves.

The idea of a sex toy isn't new. Some, shaped as phalluses, have been made since the Neolithic. There are paintings from Ancient Engypt that show dildoes. 

Artifacts from the Upper Paleolithic of a type called bâton de commandement could have been used for sexual purposes. Few archaeologists consider these items as sex toys, but archaeologist Timothy Taylor put it, "Looking at the size, shape, and—some cases—explicit symbolism of the ice age batons, it seems disingenuous to avoid the most obvious and straightforward interpretation. But it has been avoided."

Sex toys are illegal in some countries. India considers them obscene, and sellng or trading them is banned. In Malaysia, selling dildoes is banned as well.

There has been research into sex toys, to see if their use is good for health or not. Most studies show that most people have a positiive experience about using sex toys. They report that they are sexually aroused and satisfied more often, that it was easier to get an orgasms (especially for women), and that there was a more playful approach to sex and the fun of something new during sex. There are stores that specialise on toys for women. Some organizations link the sale of sex toys with sexual education and aim to support women's sexual empowerment. In clinical settings, more positive effects have been found: Sex toys are used for therapies, for example, in the context of therapy for orgasm disorders. They can also enable people with disabilities to have more sexual activity.

Types of sex toys include: 


Compsognathus

Compsognathus was a small carnivorous theropod dinosaur, from the end of the Jurassic period, around 144 million years ago. It was about a metre long, and ran on two legs, using its long tail to keep its balance.

"Compsognathus" is known from two nearly complete specimens, one from Germany (89 cm 35 in long), and another from France (125 cm 49 in long). The German specimen was found in the Solnhofen limestone in Bavaria, over 150 years ago.

The larger French specimen (MNHN CNJ 79) was discovered in 1972 in the Portland limestone, near Nice in southeastern France. Although originally described as a separate species called "Compsognathus corallestris", others have since renamed it as another example of "Compsognathus longipes".

It is one of the few dinosaurs whose diet is known with certainty: the remains of small, agile lizards are preserved in the bellies of both specimens. Also it was once the smallest dino on earth but now that belongs to the "Micropachycephalosaurus"

Thomas Henry Huxley ("Darwin's bulldog"), who was a comparative anatomist, made a study of it nearly 150 years ago. He compared the first fossil bird, "Archaeopteryx", with "Compsognathus". These two fossils were found in the same rocks: Solnhofen limestone in Bavaria, Germany. The strata come from the end of the Jurassic, about 144 million years ago. Huxley showed that the two were almost identical, except for the front limbs and feathers of "Archaeopteryx". He showed the basic affinity of birds and reptiles, which he united them under the title of "Sauropsida". Huxley concluded that birds evolved from small carnivorous dinosaurs.

The remains of a lizard in the German specimen's thoracic cavity show that "Compsognathus" preyed on small vertebrates. Marsh, who examined the specimen in 1881, thought that this small skeleton inside "Compsognathus" belly was an embryo, but in 1903, Franz Nopcsa concluded that it was a lizard. Ostrom identified the remains as belonging to a lizard of the genus "Bavarisaurus", which he concluded was a fast and agile runner owing to its long tail and limb proportions. This in turn led to the conclusion that its predators, "Compsognathus", must have had sharp vision and the ability to rapidly accelerate and outrun the lizard. The "Bavarisaurus" is in a single piece, indicating that the "Compsognathus" must have swallowed its prey whole. The French specimen's gastric contents consist of unidentified lizards or sphenodontids.

"Compsognathus" was once thought to be the smallest dinosaur. However, if we assume the smaller specimen was a juvenile, then there are other slightly smaller species. The smallest dinosaur is probably "Anchiornis"; other candidates are: "Micropachycephalosaurus"; "Caenagnathasia"; "Microraptor"; and "Parvicursor".

Micropachycephalosaurus

Micropachycephalosaurus, a tiny thick headed lizard, is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous. It was a herbivore, and lived in what is now Shandong, China. It was one of the smallest dinosaur ever discovered, just over a meter long, but with the longest name. Before it was discovered "Compsognathus" was the smallest known dinosaur.

The lack of the skull roof means the fossil cannot be placed at family level. It might or might not be a pachycephalosaur. Butler and Zhao therefore classified it as an indeterminate member of the Cerapoda. In 2011, cladistic analysis showed that "Micropachycephalosaurus" is a basal member of the Ceratopsia. In this context, basal does not mean 'ancestral'; the fossil is far too late for that. It means simply 'unspecialized', or lacking derived traits.


Velociraptor

Velociraptor was a predatory dromaeosaur of the Upper Cretaceous, about 75–71 million years ago.

It was a slender, lightly built carnivore. It was about two meters long (nearly seven feet) and 0.62 meters tall at the hip.

"Velociraptor" had one sickle-shaped claw on its foot which measured 6.5 centimeters along its length, and a smaller one on each hand. "Velociraptor" was warm blooded and had feathers.

Fossils from China suggest that the whole clade had similar traits.

Fossils of "Velociraptor" were first found in the Gobi Desert of Mongolia in 1922. In 1988, scientists from China found "Velociraptor" skeletons in northern China.

A famous "Velociraptor", discovered in 1971, was found attacking a "Protoceratops" in a fossil from Mongolia.

In September 2007 researchers found quill knobs on the forearm of a "Velociraptor" found in Mongolia. These bumps on bird wing bones show where feathers anchor, and their presence on "Velociraptor" indicate it also had feathers.

Turner and colleagues interpreted the presence of feathers on "Velociraptor" as evidence that the ancestors of dromaeosaurids could fly, making "Velociraptor" and other large members of this family secondarily flightless. This idea has since been discarded; the unmodified forearms count against it. Therefore, the feathers in the ancestors of "Velociraptor" had another function. The feathers of the flightless "Velociraptor" may have been used for display, for covering their nests while brooding.

The majority view is that dinosaur feathers were primarily adaptations for temperature regulation, and that other uses came later. "Velociraptor" was not able to fly.

Specimens from two species have been found:

In both cases the ecology of the time was dry, with sand dunes with occasional streams.

Films such as "Jurassic Park" and some of "The Land Before Time" films helped make "Velociraptor" popular. However, the "Velociraptors" in Jurassic Park were far larger than the real thing. They were the size of "Utahraptor", a really large member of the same clade. They were also shown without feathers. The films also exaggerate its probable intelligence.


Rhea (moon)

Rhea (; ) is Saturn's second largest moon. It is made of ice and rock.

Rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk of solid particles. These would be the first rings seen around a moon. The discovery was announced in the journal "Science" on March 6, 2008.

Mimas (moon)

Mimas (from the Greek "Μίμᾱς") is one of Saturn's largest moons. It is also called Saturn I. Mimas is best known for its large crater, Herschel. In the centre of the crater is a very high mountain. Mimas was discovered by the English astronomer William Herschel on September 17, 1789. It resembles the Death Star from "Star Wars". The moon is believed to have created the Cassini Division. This is a 4,800 km gap between Saturn's A and B rings.

Mimas was discovered in 1789 by William Herschel. He discovered it on September 17. Herschel discovered it along with another Saturnian moon, Enceladus
Mimas was named after one of the Titans in mythology. Mimas was the giant.

Mimas is full with craters like our Moon. But unlike the craters on the Moon, Mimas has icy craters like going through an icy object.
Mimas has craters, but the most famous is the Herschel crater. It is 130 km (80 mi) in diameter. The diameter of Herschel is about 1/3 of Mimas. If a comet or asteroid that hit Mimas were to hit Earth, the crater would be seen from space with all the Earth shown in view.
Mimas would evaporate away if it was too close to the Sun.

Mimas has been visited by 4 or 5 spacecrafts.


Aphrodisiac

An aphrodisiac is a type of food or drink that gives one a higher libido. The name comes from the Greek goddess Aphrodite. A food or drink that makes a person less aroused is called an anaphrodisiac.

Some things thought by some to be aphrodisiacs are ginko, ashwaganda, oysters and chocolate.

Protoceratops

Protoceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur from Mongolia. It was shown in a fossil being attacked by a "Velociraptor".

Vidar

Víðarr (Old Norse: "the wide ruling one") is the god of vengeance in Norse mythology. A member of the Æsir, he is the son of Odin and the giantess Gríðr. During Ragnarök, when the monstrous wolf Fenrir swallows Odin whole, Víðarr is told to avenge his father's death, as he takes Fenrir by the jaw and tears his head apart, killing Fenrir. He will ultimately survive Ragnarök, as he will then meet with his brother Váli in Iðavöllr, where Asgard once lay; there they are joined by their brothers, Höðr and Baldr, as well as Thor's sons, Magni and Móði. After Ragnarok Víðarr will rule after Odin.

Anchisaurus

Anchisaurus was a small sauropod dinosaur from the early Jurassic. It was shown in the movie "When Dinosaurs Roamed America" getting attacked by a pack of "Megapnosaurus" and eaten by a "Dilophosaurus".

Segisaurus

Segisaurus was a small dinosaur from the Triassic. It was a relative of "Coelophysis".

Psittacosaurus

Psittacosaurus was a small ceratopsian dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous. It lived in what is now Asia, about 130 to 100 million years ago. It was more basal than other members of the Ceratopsia: it was bipedal, and had no horns or frill on its head. What made it a ceratopsian was its beak.

It is the most species-rich dinosaur genus, but there is no general agreement on these species. Nine to eleven species are named for fossils found in different regions of China, Mongolia and Russia, with a possible additional species from Thailand.

All species of "Psittacosaurus" were gazelle-sized bipedal herbivores with a high, powerful beak on the upper jaw. At least one species had long, quill-like structures on its tail and lower back, possibly with a display function. Psittacosaurs were early ceratopsians. They developed adaptations of their own, but they also shared features with later ceratopsians, such as "Protoceratops" and the elephant-sized "Triceratops".

Zuniceratops

Zuniceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur. It grew up to 13 feet (or 4 meter long. His dinosaur family came from Asia.
His scientific name is "Zuniceratops christopheril", had 2 tons.

Quilmesaurus

Quilmesaurus was a predatory dinosaur from the Cretaceous period. It lived 95 million years ago.

Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia

Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich Romanov (12 August 1904 – 17 July 1918) was the heir apparent of Russia during the Russian Revolution. He would have become Tsar Alexei II. He was the youngest of five children and the only son of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Alexandra Fyodorovna. His sisters were Olga, Tatiana, Maria, and Anastasia.

He had the genetic blood disorder hemophilia. He inherited the disorder from his mother. The disease can be traced back to his great-grandmother Queen Victoria. His father gave up the throne in 1917 and his family was exiled and then murdered in Ekaterinburg in 1918.

In 2000, Alexei and his family were canonised as saints by the Russian Orthodox Church.

In 2008 his body was one of those found near the site where the family was murdered. DNA tests proved all 5 of the Tsar's children had been killed.


Zalmoxes

Zalmoxes is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Romania. It was a relative of Iguanodon and, like all its order, it was a herbivore. 

Most of the skeleton is known with exception of the end of the tail, the hands and the feet.

Oviraptor

Oviraptor is a genus of dinosaur that is today Mongolia. "Oviraptor" was a relatively large-brained dinosaur which cared for its eggs. In 1924, an "Oviraptor" fossil was found on top of some eggs, and some thought that it had been eating the eggs. Others thought that the fossilized "Oviraptor" was probably a parent of the eggs in the nest, and not an egg thief.

"Oviraptor" lived in the Upper Cretaceous period, about 75 million years ago. Only one definite specimen is known (with associated eggs), from Mongolia, though a possible second specimen (also with eggs) comes from the northeast region of Inner Mongolia, China.

"Oviraptor" is usually drawn with a distinctive crest, similar to that of the cassowary. However, re-examination of several oviraptorids show that this well-known, tall-crested species may actually belong to a relative of "Oviraptor", the genus "Citipati". It is likely that "Oviraptor" did have a crest, but its exact size and shape are unknown due to crushing in the skull of the only recognized specimen.

Judging by its relatives, "Oviraptor" probably had feathers. It had a toothless beak, but its feeding habits are unknown. The only "Oviraptor" fossil preserved the remains of a lizard in the region of its stomach cavity, implying that the species was at least partially carnivorous.

In 1976, Barsbold put six more brooding (nest sitting) specimens into the genus "Oviraptor", but these were later reclassified in the new genus "Conchoraptor". Another specimen, IGN 100/42, is perhaps the most famous, owing to its well-preserved complete skull and large size. This specimen was referred to the genus "Oviraptor" by Barsbold in 1981, and was presented as "Oviraptor" in popular magazines and scientific studies. However, this specimen, with its distinctive tall, cassowary-like crest, was re-examined by the scientists who described the nesting oviraptorids, and found to resemble them more closely than the original specimens of "Oviraptor". For this reason, they removed IGN 100/42 from the genus "Oviraptor", suggesting it was a species of "Citipati".

Oyster

Oysters are a family of bivalves with rough, thick shells, the Ostreidae. Some other types of shellfish are also called 'oyster'. Many species are edible, and are usually served raw. They are also good when cooked. 

In the past, they were an important food source, especially in France and Britain. They used to grow in huge oyster beds, but were "overfished" in the 19th century. Nowadays they are more expensive, so eaten less often.

Oysters are usually harvested before they are fully grown. Left to themselves, they do grow quite large. A recent example was an oyster which was 11 inches long (29cm) and 3.7 lbs in weight (1.7kg). The BBC report says "The family (firm) estimated it could be between '15 and 20 years old' due to its size. The world's largest oyster was 13.97 inches long (35.5cm) and 4.21 inches (10.7cm) in width. It was found in Denmark in December 2013, Guinness World Records said".

Oysters are picked up from their muddy beds by dredging. The oysters are "shucked" from their shells before sale. Shucking is done with a short knife inserted between the upper and lower shell. The adductor muscle, which holds it closed, is cut away, and that releases the oyster. The oyster is sold loose but within its shell. Shucking method:


The seawater the oysters were in does not stay in the oyster. Oysters (and shellfish generally) are purified while still alive before sale. That starts after they are harvested. The oysters are put into tanks pumped with clean water for 48 to 72 hours. That protects the consumer from any foul bacteria that the oyster might have picked up from the sea or river water.

Some of the unrelated 'oysters' are the pearl oyster, "Pinctada", which is a clam, and a few mussels which look a bit like oysters when they are taken out of their shells.

99

AD 99 was a year in the Julian calendar. It started on a Tuesday. It was not a leap-year.



Sony Ericsson

Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications AB is a mobile phone manufacturer. The company is a joint venture that was established in 2001 by Japanese consumer electronics company Sony and the Swedish telecommunications company Ericsson. The two companies no longer make mobile phones independently.


Australian dollar

The Australian dollar (AUD) is the official currency of the Commonwealth of Australia. It has been in use since February 14, 1966. The Australian dollar is also used on Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, Norfolk Island, and the independent Pacific Islands of Kiribati, Nauru and Tuvalu. In Australia the dollar symbol $ is usually used. The signs A$ or AU$ are often used to show that it is the Australian dollar. It is subdivided into 100 cents.

In 2011 the Australian dollar was the fifth-most-traded currency in world. The most traded currencies were the US dollar, the Euro, the yen, and the pound sterling.

The Australian dollar is liked by people who trade in currencies. This is because Australia has high interest rates and little government control on currency trading. Australia's economy and political systems are also seen to be stable.

The dollar was introduced on 14 February 1966, replacing the Australian pound.

From 1966, coins were made in amounts of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 and 50 cents. One-dollar coins were made from 1984. Two-dollar coins were made from 1988. The one- and two-cent coins were not made after 1991 and are no longer used. Cash sales are made to the nearest five cents. All coins have the image of the head of state, Queen Elizabeth II on one side, and all but the two-dollar coins contain Australian native animals on the other side. Most of the coins are made by the Royal Australian Mint in Canberra, but sometimes additional coins are made at other mints.

Australia has often made special 50-cent coins. The first was in 1970, to honour Captain Cook finding the east coast of Australia. In 1977 a coin was made for Queen Elizabeth II's Silver Jubilee. In 1981 a coin was made for the wedding of Charles and Diana. The Brisbane Commonwealth Games had a special coin in 1982. Another one was made for the Australian Bicentenary in 1988. There have been many more special coins made since the 1990s, including special 20-cent, one-dollar and two-dollar coins. They are popular with people who collect coins. 

There has also been a special five-dollar coin, made of aluminium/bronze and bi-metal, and there are many silver and gold bullion coins in bigger values. These are not normally used, although they are legal tender.
Current Australian 5-, 10- and 20-cent coins are the same size as the old Australian, New Zealand and British sixpenny, shilling and two shilling (florin) coins. The Australian 50-cent coin is a large coin. It weighs 15.55 grams and is 31.51 mm across.

The first paper banknotes in Australian dollars were printed in 1966. The one, two, ten and 20-dollars notes matched the old pound banknotes. The five-dollar note was printed in 1967, after the public were used to decimal currency.

The one-dollar note was replaced by a coin in 1984. The two-dollar note was replaced by a coin in 1988. The 50-dollar note was first printed in 1973. In 1984 Australia printed the 100-dollar note.

Notes are different sizes depending on their value. This is to help people are visually impaired (unable to see properly). They are the same height but different lengths. The $5 is the smallest, $100 the largest. Notes are also colour coded: $5 pink (there are two designs); $10 blue; $20 red; $50 yellow; and $100 green.

In 1988, the Reserve Bank of Australia gave out plastic, (polypropylene) polymer banknotes (produced by Note Printing Australia), to celebrate 200 years of European settlement in Australia. All Australian notes are now made of polymer.

To make it hard to copy these notes, they have see through windows with a picture image of Captain James Cook. Every note also has a seven-pointed star which has only half the printing on each side. Australian banknotes were the first in the world to use such features.


Washing machine

A washing machine also know as a washer is a machine that washes dirty clothes. It contains a barrel into which the clothes are placed. This barrel is filled with water, and then rotated very quickly by the use of a motor to make the water remove dirt from the clothes. The user adds detergent (liquids or powders) to clean clothes more effectively.

Washing machines have ways to control how the machine operates. Some of the possible controls are:


Washing machines may be fully automatic or partly automatic.

Semi-automatic washing machines have separate sections for Dryer and Washer. These washing machines are often termed as semi-manual as here you have to manually put clothes into washer tub, put water & detergent according to your laundry size, and once washing is finished, you again have to manually put washed clothes for drying in dryer section. These are mostly cheaper machines.

Fully-automatic washing machines are easier to use. They have only one section for washing and for spin-drying. Once you put clothes in a fully-automatic washing machine, it automatically takes required quantity of water, detergent and just with one click provided your washed & dry clothes.

Washing machines may load from the top or the front.
A front loading washing machine has a door in the front. The clothes to be washed have to be put in and the door closed before the barrel can fill with water. This type of machine can have a clothes drying machine stacked on top to save space on the floor. Because of the water used, the washing machine is heavier than the dryer so the washer is at the bottom.

With a top loading washing machine, the opening is at the top. The barrel can be filled with water and soap before the clothes are put in for washing. This type of machine can not have anything placed on top of it because of the opening there.

A top-loading washing machine is a type of washing machine where the opening is located at the top of the machine. This type of machine typically has a barrel or drum where clothes are placed for washing. The barrel can be filled with water and soap before the clothes are added, allowing the detergent to dissolve and mix with the water for optimal cleaning.

One important limitation of top-loading washing machines is that nothing can be placed on top of the machine due to the location of the opening. This can be inconvenient for some users who may wish to use the top of the machine for storage or other purposes. However, some top-loading washing machines are designed with a flat top that can be used as a workspace or for placing items, such as laundry baskets or detergent containers, while the machine is not in use.

Despite this limitation, top-loading washing machines remain a popular choice for many households due to their ease of use and affordability compared to other types of washing machines. They are also generally easier to repair and maintain, as their components are more easily accessible than those of front-loading machines.

Sometimes a washing machine and a clothes dryer are put together. The washing machine is usually on the bottom of the stack because the water in it makes the machine heavier than the dryer. In this arrangement the washing machine may be front-loading or top-loading. For the top-loading washing machine, room must be left to open the door at the top to add the clothing to be washed. A front-loading washing machine can have the dryer sitting on top of it.

Benign

The word benign is often used to refer to a medical condition that will not become life-threatening if it is not treated, but can also mean that something is not harmful. It is often used in relation to tumours that do not metastasise to other parts of the body. Tumours that are referred to as being benign may still be life-threatening because of other reasons. Because of this, the term applies mainly to their biological behaviour.

Tumors that are benign may be at risk of changing into malignancy. These are termed "premalignant".

Frankfurt U-Bahn

The Frankfurt U-Bahn is an underground railway network in the city of Frankfurt, Germany. It is run by the "Verkehrsgesellschaft Frankfurt", short VGF. It has 9 lines and a network of 65 kilometers (40 miles) and has exactly 86 stations, apart 27 underground and 59 above ground. Two lines, the U2 and the U3 crosses the city border in Oberursel and Bad Homburg.

Geraldton, Western Australia

Geraldton is a city and port in Western Australia 424 km north of Perth. 29,996 people live there, which makes it the fifth-largest city in Western Australia.

Today the city is an important for mining, fishing, wheat, sheep and tourism.

It hosts the Geraldton Gold Cup, a horse race.

Frankfurt Airport

Frankfurt Airport ( ) is the biggest airport in Germany, the third largest in Europe in terms of passengers, and second-largest in Europe in terms of cargo. It is in Frankfurt.

In 2005, 52 million passengers flew from Frankfurt and 1.89 million tonnes of cargo.

The airport has two train stations, the terminal for the commuter trains is under the terminal and the station for the long-distance trains is five minutes to walk.

Until 2005, the Rhein-Main Air Base was in the south of the civil airport. Frankfurt airport recorded its all-time hottest temperature in July 2015 at 101.8 °F (38.8 °C).

Marki

Marki is a town near Warsaw, in Poland. About 23,300 people live there.

William Harvey

William Harvey was an English medical doctor. He was born in Folkestone, Kent, England on 1 April 1578. He was the first to explain how blood was moved through the body by the heart. He died on 3 June 1657 in Roehampton.

A hospital in Ashford, Kent is named after Harvey. He went to The King's School, Canterbury, then Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. He then went to University of Padua where he graduated in 1602.

When Harvey returned to England he married Elizabeth Browne, the daughter of Elizabeth I's royal physician. He became a doctor at St. Bartholomew's Hospital in London from 1609 until 1643.

William Harvey is famous for his idea on blood being pumped around the body by the heart. He was the first to describe correctly and in detail the circulation and its properties. A few men knew about the lesser circulation of the blood through the lungs, but their work was lost. One 16th century work on theology, entitled "Cristianismi restitutio", was written by Miguel Serveto. After he had been burnt at the stake for heresy (by Calvin), his book was destroyed. Three copies survived. A century and a half later, long after Harvey, someone noticed he had said something about the blood circulating.

Harvey announced his discoveries about the circulatory system in 1616 during a series of lectures (his lecture notes still exist). He wrote a book ("Exercitatio Anatomica de Motu Cordis et sanguinis in Animalibus") about it in 1628. He said that blood was pumped around the body in a closed system. Blood was pumped by the heart through the body before coming back to the heart to repeat the process. This went against what was believed at the time to be true.

The Roman doctor, Galen believed that there were two systems in the body dealing with blood. It was thought at the time that the dark red blood in veins came from the liver and the bright red blood in arteries came from the heart. It was believed that the liver and heart made the blood and it was used up by the body parts it was pumped to.

Harvey's ideas came from dissecting human bodies. Harvey found that the liver would have to make 540 pounds of blood every hour for Galen to be right. This showed him that the blood was not being used up. It was being reused by the body. He said blood flowed through the heart in two loops. One loop went to the lungs and got oxygen. The other loop went to the organs and body tissue giving them the oxygen. He said the heart was just a pump that pumped blood around the body.

Harvey made another great discovery. He said (in Latin) "Every living thing comes from an egg". At that time it was not known that mammals came from eggs. It was not known until Karl Ernst von Baer discovered the eggs of mammals in 1827. The fusion of sperm with egg was first seen by Oskar Hertwig in 1876.


Zoey 101

Zoey 101 is an American television series. It was on Nickelodeon from 9 January 2005 until 2 May 2008. It is about on the lives of teenagers at a boarding school, Pacific Coast Academy (PCA). The main character is Zoey Brooks, played by Jamie Lynn Spears. The series was created by Dan Schneider. It was nominated for an "Outstanding Children's Program" Emmy Award in 2005. "Zoey 101" was the most expensive production ever for Nickelodeon series. It was shot completely on location in Malibu. It was also Nickelodeon's best performance for a series premiere in almost eight years. However, many critics have made negative comments about the show. Jamie Lynn Spears has been playing Zoey for 3 years from 2005 till 2008.

Zoey Brooks goes to a once all-boys boarding school in California, where she must fit in, even though she is a girl. She faces BOY bullies and also the challenge of making friends.


Several video games based on the television series were developed by THQ. They were published by Barking Lizards.

The original was released on 2 March 2007 for Gameboy Advance. Players play mini-games in trios for three semesters (levels), with a final game at the end. Players must successfully complete each mini-game, then a dare, and then a challenge. Dares and challenges are randomly chosen from three games. Players can choose to play mini-games freely in the main menu. Mini-games can only be unlocked in story mode. The game received negative reviews from sites such as Nintendo World Report and Common Sense. Game Rankings had a percent of 40% based on 2 reviews.

"Zoey 101: Field Trip Fiasco" was released for Nintendo DS. It was released in the U.S. on September 11, 2007. The plot involves Zoey wanting to do a documentary movie about the local national park. The player controls Zoey. The player has to go around the Pacific Coast Academy delivering things to people, or collect objects scattered around the school before time runs out. A map can be pulled out to help. After finishing fetch quests, the player plays a Minigame. Minigames require Scribbling on the touch screen to hose off cars or picking up Frisbees. Minigames last about 2 minutes. This game also received bad reviews. Metacritic had a score of 31/100 and Game Rankings had a score of 41.25% both based on 4 critics.

Velocisaurus

Velocisaurus was a theropod dinosaur related to "Ceratosaurus". Its remains were found in Patagonia, in strata from the Cretaceous period.

This animal is known only from its leg and feet bones. "Velocisaurus" was probably around 1.2 meters long (4 ft). The foot is unique in that the middle (third) metatarsal (foot bone) was the main weight-bearing element. Its upper end has thickened and the shafts of the adjoining second and fourth metatarsals have thinned considerably. Such a condition is unknown for other theropods, including birds, but a similar set-up occurred in three-toed horses (like "Mesohippus"). José Bonaparte explained it as an adaptation for a cursorial (running) lifestyle. He suggested that "Velocisaurus" was itself an omnivore, because the sole claw found, of the fourth toe, was not curved, but relatively straight.

Valdosaurus

Valdosaurus ("Weald Lizard") is a type of dinosaur. It walked on two legs and ate plants. It was found on the Isle of Wight and other places in England. It lived during the Lower Cretaceous.

It is part of the Dryosauridae family. It is related to the Iguanodonts.

Great Famine (Ireland)

The Great Famine, Great Hunger, or Potato Famine is the name given to the famine in Ireland in the years 1845-1852. Outside Ireland, it is usually called the Irish Potato Famine. The famine was caused by "the potato blight", a fungus-like organism which quickly destroyed the potatoes in Ireland, and throughout Europe. The effect was particularly bad in Ireland because potatoes were the staple food for most Irish people at the time.

It is believed that between 1 million to 1.5 million people died in the three years from 1846 to 1849 because of hunger or disease. Another million became refugees because of the famine. Many people who left Ireland moved to Great Britain, (mostly to the nearby town of Liverpool), the United States, Canada and Australia.

In Ireland this time is referred to as "the starvation". The potato was the only crop affected, yet Ireland continued to produce corn, wheat, barley, and beef. However, the mostly English landlords made a bigger profit by selling these food products elsewhere.

By the late 17th century, potatoes had become common as a supplementary rather than a major food. The diet was mainly around butter, milk, and grain products. Potato became a base food of the poor, especially in winter. The lack of genetic variability among the potato plants in Ireland caused the emergence of "Phytophthora infestans" which had devastating effects in Ireland. Another factor is that holdings were so small that no crop other than potatoes would be able to feed a family.

Starting in 1801, Ireland had been directly governed, under the Act of Union as part of the United Kingdom. In the 40 years after the union, British governments grappled with the problems of governing the country. One historian calculated that, between 1801 and 1845, there had been 114 commissions and 61 special committees enquiring into the state of Ireland. "Without exception their findings prophesied disaster. Ireland was on the verge of starvation, her population rapidly increasing, three-quarters of her labourers unemployed, housing conditions appalling and the standard of living unbelievably low". It was caused by monoculture because they only planted one main crop and let its disease infest all other potatoes in the Irish territory.


Wannanosaurus

Wannanosaurus is the smallest known ornithischian dinosaur. Its length is estimated at just less than a metre. It lived in the Upper Cretaceous, about 80 million years ago, and was found in Anhui, China. 

It is known from a single partial skeleton, including a partial skull roof and lower jaw, an upper leg and lower leg, part of a rib, and other fragments. It was herbivorous, but may also have eaten insects. "Wannosaurus" means Wanno lizard. It is one of several pachycephalosaurs with flat-topped skulls.

Chihuahua (dog)

A chihuahua is a very small kind of dog and is bred to be a pet.

They can reach a height of 6-9 inches (12.7–20.3 cm) and a weight of 2–6 pounds (0.9–2.7 kg). Chihuahuas can have a long or short coat, and come in many different colors. They only need grooming once a week if short coat or it may be twice if you have a long coat.

The Chihuahua's start goes back to Mexico as the descendants of the Techichi, a short haired and silent dog. The Techichi was liked by the Toltec people, one of the indigenous (original) people of Mexico. Chihuahuas are believed to have been made by breeding the Techichi and Chinese Crested Dogs (a type of small hairless dog) to form today's Chihuahuas.

Another possible start for Chihuahuas was the breeding of Techichis with Phalène terriers, which were well liked at the time and were known for their small body and black and tan colors. Mating with another type of dog increased the loudness of the Techichi's bark while making it smaller.

Chihuahuas were named after the Chihuahua state in Mexico. The word Chihuahua comes from the Na'huatl word "xicuagua", which means "sandy, dry place".

Minmi

Minmi is a genus of small ankylosaurian dinosaur that lived during the Lower Cretaceous of Australia, about 119 to 113 million years ago.

A recent cladistic analysis suggests that "Minmi" is the most basal known ankylosaur.
That does not mean it was the ancestor of the group; it is far too late for that. It means its body is not specialized, and is relatively unchanged from whatever was the ancestral group.

Two good specimens of "Minmi" have been described, including a mostly complete skeleton, and additional fragments may belong to this genus. The dinosaur grew to about 2 m (6.5 ft) long (Holtz), or 3 m long and weighed about 300 kilograms (Paul). It was roughly 1 m (3 ft) tall to the top of the shoulder.

"Minmi" is classified in the Ankylosauria, but is too 'primitive' (basal) to be included in either the Ankylosauridae or Nodosauridae.

As with other ankylosaurians, "Minmi" was herbivorous Unlike most herbivorous dinosaurs, there is direct evidence of the diet of "Minmi": gut contents are known from the well-preserved nearly complete specimen. The gut contents consist of fragments of fibrous or vascular plant tissue, fruiting bodies, spherical seeds, and tissue (possibly from fern sporangia). The most common remains are the fibrous or vascular fragments, which have clean cut ends.

Because of the small size of the fragments, they are probably nibbled from plants or chopped in the mouth. These small fragments may have come from twigs or stems, but their size is more suggestive of vascular bundles in leaves. The clean cuts, and lack of gastroliths, suggest that the animal relied on chewing to grind food. The seeds (0.3 mm [0.01 in] across) and fruiting bodies (4.5 mm [0.18 in] across) were apparently swallowed whole. When compared to gut contents and scat from modern herbivorous lizard, emu and goose, this shows "Minmi" had a more sophisticated process for cutting up plant material.

It had bony protrusions on its head, back, abdomen, legs and along the tail. Several types of armour are known in place in "Minmi", including small ossicles, small keeled scutes on the body, large scutes without keels on the snout, large keeled scutes on the neck, shoulders, and possibly tail, spike-like scutes on the hips, and a combination of ridged and keeled scutes and triangular plates on the tail. There was one preserved ring of scutes around the neck. The arrangement of armour is unclear on the tail, although the triangular plates may have run on the sides of the tail, with long scutes forming a row along the top of the tail. However, unlike other ankylosaurians, "Minmi" had horizontal plates of bones that ran along the sides of its vertebrae (hence its species name, "M. paravertebra").

Rugops

Rugops was a dinosaur related to "Carnotaurus". It lived in what is now Africa, about 95 million years ago. It was a medium-sized carnivorous dinosaur, about 20 feet long as an adult (other estimates put its length at 14 to 17 feet).

"Rugops" lived at the same time as "Spinosaurus", "Carcharodontosaurus", and "Deltadromeus", in the Upper Cretaceous.

"Rugops" was a carnivore, with weak jaws and small teeth. It may have been a scavenger, feeding on dead animals. It also may have preyed on sauropods, such as "Paralititan" and "Aegyptosaurus", and ornithopods, such as "Ouranosaurus". The name "Rugops" means "wrinkled face". The bony wrinkles on its snout may have helped to support a structure, such as horny crest or a wattle, like on a rooster or a turkey.

Abrictosaurus

Abrictosaurus was a heterodontosaurid dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic of what is now southern Africa. It was a small bipedal herbivore or omnivore, about 1.2 meters (4 feet) long, and weighing less than 45 kilograms (100 pounds).

"Abrictosaurus" is usually thought to be the most basal member of the family Heterodontosauridae. "Lycorhinus" and "Heterodontosaurus" both had high-crowned cheek teeth, which went over each other in the jaw, making a continuous chewing surface analogous to those of Cretaceous hadrosaurids. "Abrictosaurus" had more widely-split cheek teeth, with lower crowns, more similar to other early ornithischians. 

The family as a whole has canine-like tusks. Tusks were clearly present on one of the two specimens of "Abrictosaurus". The upper caniniform measured 10.5 millimeters (0.4 inches) high, while the lower reached 17 mm (0.67 in). 

"Abrictosaurus" had smaller, less powerful forelimbs than "Heterodontosaurus" and one fewer phalanx bone (finger joint) in both the fourth and fifth digits of the forelimb.

Heterodontosaurus

Heterodontosaurus (meaning "different toothed lizard") is a genus of small herbivorous dinosaur with prominent canine teeth. 

It lived in the Lower Jurassic of South Africa, 200–190 million years ago. It was related to "Abrictosaurus". It had three different kinds of teeth.

Camarasaurus

Camarasaurus (meaning "chambered lizard") was a large plant-eating sauropod. It was about 18 meters long and weighed about 18 metric tones. Its name comes from its skull, which is in the shape of an arch. It lived during the late Jurassic, between 155 and 145 million years ago. These dinosaurs may have lived in herds.

It was first discovered in 1877 in Colorado by Oramel W. Lucas. Its fossil remains have been found in the Morrison Formation of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming.

There are four species of Camarasaurus:

It was shown in the movie "When Dinosaurs Roamed America".

"Camarasaurus" is among the most common and frequently well-preserved sauropod dinosaurs. The maximum size of the most common species, "C. lentus", was about 15 meters (50 ft) in length. The largest species, "C. supremus", reached a maximum length of 23 meters (75 ft) and maximum estimated weight of 47 tonnes (51.8 tons).

The arched skull of "Camarasaurus" was remarkably square and the blunt snout had many fenestrae (openings). It was sturdy and is often found in good condition by paleontologists. The 19 centimeter long (7.5 in) teeth were shaped like chisels (spatulate) and arranged evenly along the jaw. The strength of the teeth indicates that "Camarasaurus" probably ate coarser plant material than the slender-toothed diplodocids.

There is a fossil record of two adults and a 12.2 meter (40 ft) long juvenile that died together in the late Jurassic leriod, about 150 million years ago (northeast Wyoming). It is assumed that their bodies were washed to their final resting place, in river mud. This suggests that "Camarasaurus" traveled in herds or, at least, 'family' groups. Also, recovered camarasaur eggs have been found in lines, rather than in neatly arranged nests as with some other dinosaurs, which appears to suggest that, like most sauropods, "Camarasaurus" did not tend its young.


Zizhongosaurus

Zizhongosaurus was a very large plant-eating dinosaur. It was a large sauropod, related to "Camarasaurus".


Burping

Burping is when gas comes out of the stomach through the mouth. Burping happens when air is trapped in the stomach. "Esophageal speech" means to "burp" words.

Great Fire of London

The Great Fire of London happened in Central London in 1666. The fire lasted for just under five days, from 2nd September until 6th September.

It is believed to have destroyed the homes of 70,000 of the 80,000 people that lived in the city. It is not known how many people died in the fire. Only a few deaths are certain, but for many of the victims there were no records. The fire may have cremated many, leaving no recognisable remains. It threatened the aristocratic district of Westminster (the modern West End), Charles II's Palace of Whitehall, and most of the suburban slums, however, it never reached these districts.

The fire started at the bakery of Thomas Farriner (or Farynor) on Pudding Lane. It began just after midnight on Sunday 2nd September and grew very fast. Firefighters of the time usually made firebreaks by destroying buildings around the fire so it could not spread. This did not happen quick enough. Lord Mayor, Sir Thomas Bloodworth was not certain what to do. By the time he ordered such measures, it was too late. The Tower of London guard used gunpowder to make good firebreaks that stopped the fire from spreading to the east.

The fire pushed north on Monday into the center of the city. Some people thought that foreigners were setting the fires. They believed it was the French and Dutch, who at that time were England's enemies in the Anglo-Dutch Wars. On Thursday, the fire spread over most of the city, destroying St. Paul's Cathedral and crossed over the River Fleet. It was close to setting fire to Charles II's court at Whitehall.

The social and economic problems created from this were very large. Leaving London to go and live elsewhere was strongly encouraged by Charles II. He feared a London rebellion amongst the refugees who had lost their property. Despite numerous radical proposals, London was reconstructed on essentially the same street plan used before the fire.

The fire is said to have also helped to get rid of the Great Plague which had hit London in 1665, and killed about 70,000 of the 90,000 population, who may have died in the fire. We are able to know a lot about the great fire of London because Samuel Pepys wrote in his famous diary at the time. When the fire started, he looked out of his window, saw the fire and started writing about it.

The damages have been calculated to 13,500 houses, 87 parish churches, 44 Company Halls, the Royal Exchange, the Custom House, St Paul's Cathedral, the Bridewell Palace and other City prisons, the General Letter Office, and the three western city gates—Ludgate, Newgate, and Aldersgate.


Golgi complex

The Golgi complex, also known as the Golgi apparatus or simply the Golgi, is a cytoplasmic organelle. It is found in eukaryote cells, as in animals, plants, and fungi. 

The complex was discovered by Camillo Golgi in 1898. Golgi, who worked at Pavia, Italy, was ignored. His discovery was said to be dirt on his lenses. Years later, electron microscope pictures showed structures just like in the original Golgi drawings. It is made of several flattened sac-like membranes which look like a stack of pancakes.

The main function of the Golgi apparatus is to process and package macromolecules, such as proteins and lipids. They come to the Golgi after being built, and before they go to their destination. Much of the enzymatic processing is post-translational modification of proteins. The Golgi complex inspects them for flaws and discards extra material added during their manufacture, wraps them up and then targets them for packaging. The Golgi complex is especially active in processing proteins for secretion. The Golgi releases special enzymes called which clean off any extra amino acids. When the package is ready, it is pinched off the Golgi and released into the cytoplasm. 

The Golgi complex is part of the cellular membrane system, and so is the endoplasmic reticulum.

Bandung Institute of Technology

Institut Teknologi Bandung (ITB, Bandung Institute of Technology) is a public government-funded, higher education, technology school located in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia. Institut Teknologi Bandung are the one of most popular university in Indonesia, together with Gadjah Mada University and University of Indonesia. The symbol of Institut Teknologi Bandung is Ganesha, a Hindu god representing wisdom.


