Okefenokee Swamp

The Okefenokee is a swamp, a National Wildlife Refuge and a U.S. wilderness area. It is a shallow, , peat-filled wetland straddling the Georgia–Florida border in the United States. 

The Okefenokee is the largest "blackwater" swamp in North America. The term Okefenokee in Native American is "land of trembling earth". The swamp was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1974. The Okefenokee Swamp is considered to be one of the Seven Natural Wonders of Georgia. 

The swamp was formed over the past 6,500 years by the build-up of peat in a shallow basin on the edge of an ancient Atlantic coastal terrace, the geological relic of a Pleistocene estuary. 
The swamp is bordered by Trail Ridge, a strip of higher land believed to have formed as coastal dunes or an offshore barrier island. The Suwanee River drains at least 90% of the swamp's watershed southwest towards the Gulf of Mexico. 

Longtime residents of the Okefenokee Swamp, "Swampers", are mostly of English ancestry. Due to their isolation, the Swampers used Elizabethan phrases and syntax well into the twentieth century. The Suwanee Canal was dug across the swamp in the late nineteenth century in a failed attempt to drain the Okefenokee. After the Suwanee Canal Company's bankruptcy, most of the swamp was bought by the Hebard family of Philadelphia, who logged cypress from 1909 to 1927. Several other logging companies ran railroad lines into the swamp until 1942; some remains are visible across swamp waterways. Most of the Okefenokee Swamp is included in the 403,000 acre (1630 km²) Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge.

A wildfire begun by a lightning strike near the center of the Refuge on May 5, 2007 eventually merged with another wildfire which began near Waycross, Georgia, on April 16 when a tree fell on a power line. By May 31, more than , or more than 935 square miles, had burned in the region.

The Okefenokee Swamp Alliance is a conservation group that works for the continued preservation of the swamp.

James Paris Lee

James Paris Lee (9 August 1831 – 24 February 1904) was a British, Canadian inventor. He was also a small arms designer. Lee is best known for inventing the Lee-Metford and Lee-Enfield series of rifles.

Lee was born in Hawick, Scotland, 9 August 1831. At age 12 he created his first gun. He accidentally blew himself up with gunpowder. He also accidentally shot himself, twice. His family was surprised he reached adulthood. He was obsessed with guns, but he was apprenticed to a clockmaker. His family migrated to Canada. Lee worked making and repairing clocks and watches. In 1850 he opened his own shop where he could work on rifles in his spare time.

Blackwater river

A blackwater river is a river with a deep, slow-moving channel flowing through forested swamps or wetlands. Its colour is caused by the decaying vegetation. As vegetation decays, tannins leach into the water, making a transparent, acidic water that is darkly stained, looking like tea or coffee.

Most rivers in the Amazon Basin and the Southern United States are blackwater rivers. Not all dark rivers are blackwater in that technical sense. Some rivers in temperate regions, which drain or flow through areas of dark black soil, are black due to the color of the soil. These rivers are "black mud rivers" or estuaries.

Blackwater rivers are lower in nutrients than whitewater rivers and have ionic concentrations higher than rainwater. The unique conditions lead to flora and fauna that differ both from whitewater and clearwater rivers.

The classification of Amazonian rivers into black, clear and whitewater was first proposed by Alfred Russel Wallace in 1853.

Edmund Ignatius Rice

Edmund Ignatius Rice (; 1 June 1762 – 29 August 1844), was a Roman Catholic missionary and educator. Rice was the founder of two religious institutes of monks. In 1808 Rice and several friends took religious s and became the Presentation Brothers. In 1822, as Brother Ignatius, he was elected Superior general of the Irish Christian Brothers.

In 1779 he became his uncle's apprentice in a merchant business. Rice inherited the business about 1790 after his uncle died. He became a successful businessman. After his wife died he dedicated his life and wealth to helping the poor.

Dave Mackay

David Craig Mackay (14 November 1934 – 2 March 2015) was a Scottish football player and manager. 

Mackay was best known for a highly successful playing career with Heart of Midlothian, the Double-winning Tottenham Hotspur side of 1961, and winning the league with Derby County as a manager. He also represented Scotland 22 times, and was selected for their 1958 FIFA World Cup squad.

Mackay died on 2 March 2015 in Nottingham, England at the age of 80.


Joshua Fishman

Joshua Aaron Fishman (Yiddish: שיקל פֿישמאַן — Shikl Fishman; July 18, 1926 – March 1, 2015) was an American linguist. He specialized in the sociology of language, language planning, bilingual education, and language and ethnicity.

Fishman was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He died in The Bronx, New York, aged 88.

Anthony Mason (basketball)

Anthony George Douglas Mason (December 14, 1966 – February 28, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. In his 13-year career he played with the New Jersey Nets, Denver Nuggets, New York Knicks, Charlotte Hornets, Milwaukee Bucks and Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. 

Mason was born in Miami, Florida. He spend most of his life in Tennessee and in New York City. Mason studied at Tennessee State University.

Mason played for Tennessee State University and played professionally in Turkey, Venezuela, the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) and the United States Basketball League (USBL).

Mason suffered a massive heart attack in early February 2015 and was diagnosed with congestive heart failure. He died on February 28, 2015 in Manhattan, New York at the age of 48 from the illness.

M. Stanton Evans

Medford Stanton Evans (July 20, 1934 – March 3, 2015) was an American journalist, author and educator. He was the author of eight books, including "Blacklisted by History: The Untold Story of Senator Joe McCarthy and His Fight Against America's Enemies" (2007). 

Evans was born in Kingsville, Texas. He was raised in Chattanooga, Tennessee and in the Washington, D.C. area. He studied at Yale University. Evans died in Leesburg, Virginia from pancreatic cancer, aged 80.

Enrique Bolaños

Enrique José Bolaños Geyer (13 May 1928 – 14 June 2021) was a Nicaraguan politician. He was the President of Nicaragua from 10 January 2002 to 10 January 2007.

Bolaños died in Nindirí, Nicaragua on 14 June 2021, just one month after his 93rd birthday.


Arturo Armando Molina

Colonel Arturo Armando Molina (August 6, 1927 – July 19, 2021) was the 36th President of El Salvador. He served between July 1, 1972 and July 1, 1977. Molina was a member of the National Conciliation Party.

Molina died on July 19, 2021 in El Salvador at the age of 93.

José Napoleón Duarte

José Napoleón Duarte Fuentes (November 23, 1925 – February 23, 1990) was a Salvadoran politician. He served as President of El Salvador from 1984 to 1989. He was mayor of San Salvador before running for president in 1972.

Duarte died of stomach cancer in San Salvador at the age of 64.


All Apologies

"All Apologies" is the second single off American rock band Nirvana's third studio album "In Utero". The song was released on December 6, 1993. It was released as a double A-side along with the song "Rape Me".

On the "Billboard" charts, "All Apologies" ranked at #1 on the Alternative Songs, #4 on the Mainstream Rock, and #45 on the Radio Songs charts.

In 1995, the song was nominated for two Grammy Awards in the categories of Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and Best Rock Song in 1995. "All Apologies" won a BMI award winning song. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame included the song on their list of "The Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll".


European green woodpecker

The European green woodpecker ("Picus viridis"), or European green woodpecker, is a member of the woodpecker family Picidae. It occurs in most of Europe and in western Asia. There are four subspecies. All have green upperparts, paler yellowish underparts, and a red crown.

The woodpecker spends much of its time feeding on ants on the ground and does not often 'drum' on trees like other woodpecker species. It is a shy bird but usually draws attention with its loud calls. A nest hole is excavated in a tree; four to six eggs are laid which hatch after 19–20 days.

It gives a loud call known as yaffling.

Old deciduous trees for nesting, and nearby feeding grounds with plenty of ants, is essential. This is usually found in semi-open landscapes with small woodlands, hedges, scattered old trees, edges of forests and floodplain forests. Suitable habitats for foraging include grassland, heaths, plantations, orchards and lawns.


Honeyguide

Honeyguides (family Indicatoridae) are near-passerine birds of the order Piciformes. They are also known as 'indicator birds', or 'honey birds'.

They have an Old World tropical distribution, with most species in Africa and two in Asia. These birds are known for their interaction with humans. One or two species will deliberately lead humans to bee colonies, so that they can feast on the grubs and beeswax that are left behind.

The breeding behavior of eight species in "Indicator" and "Prodotiscus" is known. They are all brood parasites that lay an egg in a nest of another species. Most prefer hole-nesting species, often the related barbets and woodpeckers, but "Prodotiscus" parasitizes cup-nesters such as white-eyes and warblers. Honeyguide nestlings have been known to throw out their host's chicks from the nest. They have hooks on their beaks with which they puncture the hosts' eggs or kill the nestlings.

African honeyguide birds are known to lay their eggs in underground nests of other bee-eating bird species. The honeyguide chicks kill the hatchlings of the host using their needle-sharp beaks just after hatching, much as cuckoo hatchlings do. The honeyguide mother ensures her chick hatches first by internally incubating the egg for an extra day before laying it, so that it has a head start in development compared to the host.

Brood parasitism

Brood parasites are animals, usually birds, which trick other species to raise their young. The best-known example is the cuckoo. Brood parasitism works because the parasite develops faster than the resident eggs, kills its nestmates and turfs them out of the nest. The adult birds cannot tell the difference in the young, and spend their time raising the offspring of another species. In some cases, the parasite has the ability to make the begging cheeps of the host species.

The strength of defences and counter-adaptation rely on the species' ability to evolve. Some host species have very strong rejection defences. This makes the parasitic species evolving to have very close mimicry. But in other species, hosts do not reject the foreign egg. As a result, the parasitic species shows no egg mimicry.

Similar methods are used by some fish and insects.

Diggiloo

Diggiloo is an outdoor summertime show where famous artists tour Sweden. They perform songs accompanied by a live band. It debuted in 2003 with shows only in Båstad. The event became touring in 2004.

Ilha da Queimada Grande

Ilha da Queimada Grande is an island off of the coast of São Paulo state in Brazil. The island has earned the nickname of Snake Island. It is the home of the Golden Lancehead Viper ("Bothrops insularis"), one of the most venomous snakes in the world. The Brazilian Navy bans people from visiting, though some biologists and researchers are able to receive waivers to visit the island.

Sapporo International Ski Marathon

The Sapporo International Ski Marathon is a cross-country skiing marathon in Japan. It was held for first time in 1981 and is a part of Worldloppet since 1985.


Dolomitenlauf

The Dolomitenlauf is a cross-country skiing marathon in Austria. It was first held in 1970 and has been part of Worldloppet as long as Worldloppet has been around.


Gatineau Loppet

The Gatineau Loppet, earlier known as Rivière Rouge, Gatineau 55 and Keskinada Loppet, is a cross-country skiing marathon in Canada. It is usually held in February outside Gatineau in the Québec Province. It was held for first time in 1979 and has been part of Worldloppet since then.


David Usher

David Usher (born April 24, 1966) is an British-born Canadian rock singer-songwriter. He is the lead singer of the alternative rock band Moist.

Usher was born in Oxford, England. He lived in many different places such as Malaysia, New York City, California and Thailand before his family decided to finally settle in Kingston, Ontario. Usher attended high school at Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute and he attended Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, British Columbia. He majored in political science. While attending Simon Fraser, Usher formed Moist with guitarist Mark Makowy and keyboardist Kevin Young.

Usher is also a humanist, and he has been involved in causes like War Child Canada, White Ribbon Campaign and Amnesty International. He was featured in the 2001 MuchMusic special "Musicians in the WarZone", a humanitarian documentary which was produced by War Child Canada and was directed by filmmaker Liz Marshall.

with Moist

solo


Ushuaia Loppet

The Ushuaia Loppet is a cross-country skiing marathon in Argentina. It was first held in 1986.


Bieg Piastów

The Bieg Piastów is a cross-country skiing marathon in Poland. It was held for first time in 1976 and is part of Worldloppet since 2008.


Tuskegee Airmen

The Tuskegee Airmen is the popular name for a group of African-American military pilots (fighter and bomber) who fought in World War II. Formally, they formed the 332nd Fighter Group and the 477th Bombardment Group of the United States Army Air Forces. The name also applies to the crew members and support personnel. Their units were all black and all segregated. They had an outstanding record. As fighter escorts they had the reputation that not a single bomber was lost to enemy action while being escorted by Tuskegee airmen. 

The Tuskegee Airmen were the first African-American military aviators in the United States Armed Forces. During World War II, Black Americans in many U.S. states were still subject to the Jim Crow laws. Most Tuskegee pilots were trained at Tuskegee Army Airfield in Tuskegee, Alabama. Training bomber crews took longer than training fighter pilots and the war was won before they finished. Navigators and other crew members trained at various army based in the US.

Demino Ski Marathon

The Demino Ski Marathon is a cross-country skiing marathon in Russia. It was held for first time on 2007 and was appointed as a Worldloppet event in June 2012.


Merino Muster

The Merino Muster is a cross-country skiing marathon on the South Island of New Zealand. It was held for first time in 1995 and is part of Worldloppet since 2014.


East London

East London is the northeastern part of London. It is east of the City of London.

It does not have an official definition. The idea has its origins in 1720 as "That part beyond the Tower". By 1950 it was called East London and included all of Greater London east of the City of London and north of the River Thames. This area now makes up the London boroughs of Barking and Dagenham, Hackney, Havering, Newham, Redbridge, Tower Hamlets and Waltham Forest. It includes one of the highest ethnic minority populations in the country, mostly families of South Asian origin.

The East End of London is a subset of East London, corresponding to areas closer to the ancient City. 

The early development of London eastward was caused by shipping on the River Thames. There were docks and shipbuilding. These industries declined after World War II. Felixstowe is now used as the main container port of southern England. East London is now an area of regeneration. 

Areas further east developed in the Victorian and Edwardian eras following the expansion of the railways in the 19th century. In Tower Hamlets the population peaked in 1891 and growth was restricted to the outer boroughs. By 1971 the population had peaked in every borough and the entire area was experiencing population decline. By the time of the 2011 census this had reversed and every borough had some growth in population.

Many famous places like Spitalfields, Brick Lane and Shoreditch are in East London.

Allister

Allister is an American punk rock band from Chicago, Illinois. 

The band was formed in 1995 under the name Phineas Gage by high school classmates Tim Rogner and John "Johnny" Hamada. Eric "Skippy" Mueller later joined the band in 1996. In 1996, the band changed their name to Allister, to pay tribute to Alasdair Gillis from the Canadian TV show "You Can't Do That on Television". The band released their debut studio album, "Dead Ends and Girlfriends" in 1999 through Drive-Thru Records.

Their second studio album "Last Stop Suburbia" was released on October 1, 2002. Their song "Somewhere On Fullerton" from "Last Stop Suburbia" was featured in the 2003 video game "Disney's Extreme Skate Adventure".




Bio-Dome

Bio-Dome is a 1996 American stoner comedy movie. It was directed by Jason Bloom. It was produced by Bradley Jenkel, Brad Krevoy, and Steven Stabler. "Bio-Dome" was released on January 12, 1996.

The movie got negative reviews from critics. It has a 5% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Shore co-won a Razzie Award for Worst Actor and was tied with Tom Arnold who had won for "Big Bully", "Carpool" and "The Stupids".


AIDS (MS-DOS)

AIDS is a computer virus that infects .COM and .EXE files. In MS-DOS, the .COM and .EXE files run programs including the operating system. When a computer is infected with this virus, it loads the virus into the computer memory. There, the AIDS virus may infect another .COM or .EXE file each time it is run. AIDS writes on the first 13,952 bytes of an infected executable file. These corrupted files have to be deleted and replaced by non-corrupted backups to remove the virus. 

This virus is also known as the "Hahaha virus" in Europe. IBM calls it the "Taunt virus". When an infected computer starts up, it displays a message, with AIDS covering about half of the screen. The system is then halted. It is impossible to recover the original information of the file on the rewritten part.

Gilles Corey

Giles Corey ( August 1611 – September 19, 1692) was accused of witchcraft along with his wife Martha Corey during the Salem Witch Trials. After being arrested for witchcraft, Corey refused to enter a plea of guilty or not guilty. As a result he was pressed to death.

Maha Al Muneef

Maha Al Muneef (Arabic:  مها عبدالله المنيف) is a pediatrician from Saudi Arabia. She specializing in infectious diseases in children. Al-Muneef won an International Women of Courage Award in 2014.

From 2009 to 2013, Al Muneef was a member of Saudi Arabia's Shura Council. 

 Maha Al Muneef is the executive director of the National Family Safety Program (NFSP) in Saudi Arabia. Al Muneef worked to spread knowledge about domestic violence and child abuse. The NFSP was created in 2005 in order to combat domestic violence and child abuse in Saudi Arabia. The NFSP started support programs, gave information about the numbers of attacks on women and children in Saudi Arabia, and worked to help people who were attacked or hurt.

In August 2013, the Council of Ministers of Saudi Arabia passed a new law to protect people who are attacked or hurt by members of their own family. Al Muneef and the NFSP helped to write the "Protection from Abuse" law. The law describes and explains the meaning of domestic violence and makes it illegal in Saudi Arabia for the first time.

In 2014, Maha Al Muneef received the International Women of Courage Award.

The US President Barack Obama presented the award to Al Muneef during his visit to Riyadh on March 29, 2014. Al-Muneer could not be at the March 4 ceremony in the United States for family health reasons. She received the award in a private ceremony at the Ritz Carlton hotel, where Obama stayed. Obama spoke about the importance of women's rights in Saudi Arabia, and the importance of helping the Saudi king understand this importance. Obama told Al-Muneef he was “so very, very proud of you and grateful for all the work you’re doing here." He added, “I’m looking forward to seeing you do even more wonderful things in the future.” 


Swept Away (2002 movie)

Swept Away is a 2002 romantic comedy movie. Madonna plays Amber Leighton. Elizabeth Banks plays Debi. Jeanne Tripplehorn plays Marina.

The movie received bad reviews from the movie critics. It was a box office bomb. It made only $1,036,000, compared to the ten million dollars it cost to make. It received a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture of 2002.


Maureen Dowd

Maureen Brigid Dowd (born January 14, 1952) is an American columnist for "The New York Times". She is also a best-selling author. She worked for "Time" magazine in the 1970s and 1980s. She worked for the "Washington Star". She first joined "The New York Times" in 1983.

In 1999, Dowd received a Pulitzer Prize. It was for her series of columns on the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Clinton administration.

She was born in Washington, D.C..

Nada Se Compara Contigo

Nada Se Compara Contigo ("Nothing Compares to You") is the tenth studio album released by Salvadoran performer Álvaro Torres. It was released on November 19, 1991. The album received a nomination for Latin Pop Album of the Year at the 5th Annual Lo Nuestro Awards.

Ricardo Montaner (album)

Ricardo Montaner is the first studio album recorded by Argentine-Venezuelan singer-songwriter Ricardo Montaner. It was released by TH-Rodven in early 1987 (see 1987 in music). It reached #1 on the "Billboard" Latin Pop Albums chart.

© MCMLXXXVI. TH-Rodven Records. Inc.

Chayanne es mi Nombre

Chayanne es Mi Nombre is the solo album debut from Puerto Rican artist Chayanne, after he left Los Chicos. It was released on RCA Ariola in July 1984.

Later medieval artists

This a list of later medieval artists. It begins in the 13th century (1200s) and includes famous painters and sculptors.

Each artist is listed with their dates, place of birth, some places that they worked, their media (the type of artwork that they made), one or two most famous works and some art galleries where their works can be seen.

These artists, before the Renaissance, painted in the style of Greek icons. Their paintings were important to the education of many Renaissance painters, and were to be seen in the churches where the Renaissance painters worked, and worshipped. Often an altarpiece by one of these artists was surrounded by frescoes by the Renaissance painters who lived 150 to 200 years later. A famous "Madonna and Child" by Coppo di Marcovaldo stood above the altar where Masaccio, Masolino and Filippo Lippi painted the walls of the Brancacci Chapel. Giotto, who is thought of as the first Renaissance painter, was educated by Cimabue, one of the great masters of the Late Byzantine style.

Proto-Renaissance artists worked before 1400 in Italy when the Renaissance style was slowly developing. 

Artists from many parts of Europe worked in a decorative Gothic style. 

County Tyrone

County Tyrone is a county of Northern Ireland. It is in the province of Ulster. Tyrone is the eighth largest county by area on the island of Ireland. It is the largest county by area in Northern Ireland. Tyrone is the tenth largest county by population on the island of Ireland. It is the fourth-largest county by population in Northern Ireland.

The name "Tyrone" come from the Irish "Tír Eoghain", which means ""land of Eoghan"".

County Tyrone is one of the four counties in Northern Ireland to have more people from a Catholic community background. In the year 1900 the population of Tyrone was 197,719. According to the 2011 census, it was 177,986.

Stock (food)

Stock in cooking (cuisine) is a liquid flavoring base for soups and sauces. It is a flavoured liquid preparation, and is the basis of many dishes. 

The ideas go back to Carême, and were simplified by Escoffier. 

A stock is made by simmering animal bones and/or meat, fish, or vegetables in water and/or wine. mirepoix or other aromatics are added for more flavour. Mirepoix is a mixture of onions, carrots, celery, and sometimes other vegetables. Many use ready-made ingredients like Oxo cubes or bouillon cubes. It is possible to make stock more quickly with a pressure cooker.

Fish stock, however, is cooked for only twenty minutes or so. 

Stock lasts for three or four days in the fridge, but can be boiled again, and stored again.

Dish (food)

A dish in gastronomy is a specific food preparation, a "distinct article or variety of food", ready to eat or to be served.

A dish may be served on tableware, or may be eaten in one's hands.

Instructions for preparing a dish are called recipes.

Some dishes, for example a hot dog with ketchup, rarely have their recipes in cookbooks as they are made by simply combining two ready-to-eat foods.

Oggy and the Cockroaches

Oggy and the Cockroaches is a French animated television series. It was created in 1997, by Jean-Yves Raimbaud. The main characters are Oggy, Joey, Marky, Dee Dee and Jack. Season 4 onwards include the additions of Olivia and Bob. It is slapstick comedy with a good deal of comic violence. The 5th and 6th seasons premiered on June 30, 2017 and on May 16, 2017 based off of the chronological themes of the movie. Season 7 premeired on March 19, 2018 while season 8 premeired on May 7, 2020 remaking previous episodes.

The show got adapted into a film in 1997, titled "", centering around Oggy's adventures in four timelines. In September 2020, the show was reported to be rebooted as "", a series about Oggy taking care of a seven-year old female elephant named Piya from India. In August 2021, a CGI spin-off centering around a younger Oggy was made for younger children, called "Oggy Oggy".






Lily Serna

Lily Serna (born 5 July 1986) is an Australian mathematician and television presenter. She is best known for co-presenting the SBS game show "Letters and Numbers" from 2010 until 2012 and the cooking show "Destination Flavour" since later 2012.

Serna was born in Jerusalem. She moved to Sydney with her family when she was eight years old.


TACA Airlines

TACA Airlines (Transportes Aereos del Continente Americano) is an airline from El Salvador. In 2009 it was merged with Avianca. The two airlines continued to operate separately. TACA has had two major air crashes since 1970.

Allegiant Air

Allegiant Air is an American low-cost airline. Owned by Allegiant Travel Company, it operates scheduled and charter flights. Allegiant Travel Company is a publicly traded company with 1,693 employees and over $2 billion USD in market capitalization. The corporate headquarters are in Enterprise, Nevada, a suburb of Las Vegas. Allegiant and and the Las Vegas Raiders co-own the Allegiant Stadium, scheduled to host Super Bowl LVIII in February 2024.

The Half Sisters

The Half Sisters is a Philippine television drama series. It is broadcast by GMA Network.



Currying

Currying is a technique used in mathematics and computer science that consists of changing a function that takes several arguments into a number of functions that each take one argument. Mathematicians Moses Schönfinkel and Gottlob Frege laid the groundwork for this technique, which is named after Haskell Brooks Curry. Currying is used in Lambda calculus. Some programming languages, such as ML and Haskell say that functions can only have one argument.

Joko Widodo

Joko Widodo (Javanese: ꦗꦑ꧈ꦮꦶꦢꦢ Gêdrìk: "Jåkå Widådå"; O-Javanese: "Jaka Widada"; born 21 June 1961), also known as Jokowi (Javanese: ꦗꦑꦮꦶ), is an Indonesian politician and former businessperson. He has served as the 7th President of Indonesia since 2014.

Jokowi is a member of the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDI-P). He started his career as Mayor of Surakarta from 28 July 2005 until 1 October 2012. Then, he was Governor of Jakarta from 15 October 2012 until 16 October 2014. He has been President of Indonesia since 20 October 2014. His Vice President is Jusuf Kalla. Jokowi was elected President of Indonesia in the April 2019 presidential election.

Jokowi was born in Surakarta, Central Java. He is a Islam. He has been married to Iriana since 1986. They have three children. He is also a Heavy metal music fan. He graduated from the Faculty of Forestry at the Gadjah Mada University.

Villa Vizcaya

Villa Vizcaya, now named the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens, is the former villa and estate of businessman James Deering. The house is on Biscayne Bay in Coconut Grove Miami, Florida. Deering made the Deering McCormick-International Harvester fortune,

The estate is on the National Register of Historic Places, and is a National Historic Landmark.

The estate property was originally 180 acres (730,000 m) of shoreline mangrove swamps and dense inland native tropical forests. Being a conservationist, Deering sited the development of the estate portion along the shore to conserve the forests. The villa was built mostly between 1914 and 1922. The building of the extensive elaborate Italian Renaissance gardens and the village continued into 1923. 

The Vizcaya estate includes the gardens, native woodland landscape and a historic village compound. The landscape and architecture were influenced by Veneto and Tuscan Italian Renaissance models and designed in the Mediterranean Revival architecture style, with Baroque elements. Paul Chalfin was the design director.

Miami-Dade County now owns the Vizcaya property, as the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens, which is open to the public. 'Villa Vizcaya' is served by the Vizcaya Station of the Miami Metrorail.

Law of noncontradiction

The law of non-contradiction is a rule of logic. It states that if something is true, then the opposite of it is false. For example, if an animal is a cat, the same animal cannot be not a cat. Or, stated in logic, if +p, then not -p, +p cannot be -p at the same time and in the same sense. The law was stated as a principle of mathematical logic by Russell and Whitehead in "Principia Mathematica". 

Ravi Zacharias has said most eastern philosophies reject the law of noncontradiction. The law of non-contradiction is found in ancient Indian logic as a rule in the "Shrauta Sutras", the writing of , and the "Brahma Sutras" attributed to Vyasa. It was later elaborated on by medieval commentators such as Madhvacharya. The idea of noncontradiction is rejected in some strands of Buddhism. 

Dialetheism

Dialetheism is the that some statements can be both true and false at the same time. It is the opposite of the law of noncontradiction (LNC). Because of this dialetheism is completely opposite of what most philosophers call common sense. Graham Priest defines it as believing there can be true contradictions. Priest gives as an example the liar paradox (or liar's paradox). If someone says "everything I say is a lie", then is the statement true or false? In this paradox it can be both.

Diana DeGarmo

Diana DeGarmo (born June 16, 1987) is an American singer, songwriter and Broadway actress. She became known in 2004 on "American Idol". She began a career in musical theater. She played Angelina in "The Young and the Restless".

DeGarmo was born in Birmingham, Alabama.

 

NKVD prisoner massacres

The NKVD prisoner massacres were a series of mass executions committed by the Soviet NKVD secret police against prisoners in Eastern Europe during World War II.

The victims were mainly from Poland, Ukraine, the Baltic states, Bessarabia and other parts of the Soviet Union. The Red Army was withdrawing ahead of the German invasion in 1941 ("see Operation Barbarossa"). The death toll came to 100,000 or more. There were nearly 9,000 in the Ukrainian SSR, to 20,000–30,000 in occupied eastern Poland, now western Ukraine, to all Tartar prisoners in Crimea among other places. Not all prisoner victims (150,000 of them in total) were murdered; some were transported into the interior, others were abandoned in prisons or managed to escape because the retreating Soviet executioners could not attend to all of them.

Gave de Pau

The Gave de Pau is a river of south-western France. It is a left tributary of the Adour river.

It takes its name from the city Pau, through which it flows. The word gave is a name given to rivers on the mountains in regions of the western Pyrenees; so, Gave de Pau means "the river of Pau" or "the river that flows through Pau". Many other rivers in the region have the word "gave" as part of their names.

The Gave de Pau has a length of about , including the "Gave de Gavarnie", and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Bérenx, in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Bérenx
The Gave de Pau starts in the Cirque de Gavarnie, in the "Parc national des Pyrénées" ("Pyrénées National Park"), in the "commune" of Gavarnie, Hautes-Pyrénées department, at an altitude of about . The upper part of the river is known as "Gave de Gavarnie"; the name "Gave de Pau" is given to the river after the Gave de Gavarnie joins the Bastan river at Luz-Saint-Sauveur.

The Gave de Pau receives its main tributary, the Gave d'Oloron, in Peyrehorade and, from there, it is named as "Gaves Réunis" (United Gaves). Finally, it flows, as a left tributary, into the river Adour in the Landes department, at about of altitude.
The Gave de Pau flows through 90 "communes". It passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


The tributaries of Gave de Pau with a length greater than are:



Virgin Australia

Virgin Australia is a large Australian airline. It started in 2000. From 2000 until 2011, the airline was called "Virgin Blue". Virgin Australia flies as both a full-service airline and a low-cost airline, like Ryanair or Southwest Airlines. As of 2016, the airline has a fleet of 108 airplanes and flies to Australia, Fiji, Indonesia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Tonga, the United States, the United Arab Emirates and Vanuatu. Virgin Australia is Australia's second largest airline. It is the main competitor for Jetstar Airways and Qantas. In 2014, Virgin Australia bought Tigerair Australia. Virgin Australia became bankrupt in 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic and was bought by Bain Capital in June 2020.

Notes

Maiduguri

Maiduguri, also called Yerwa, is the capital and the largest city of Borno State in north-eastern Nigeria. As of 2007, 1,197,497 people live in the city. Maiduguri was founded in 1907 as a military outpost by the British. The Islamist group Boko Haram was founded in Maiduguri in 2002. Since it began its insurgency in 2009, the city has been target of many terrorist attacks by the group.

Atlit Yam

Atlit Yam is an ancient neolithic village off of the coast of Atlit, Israel.

A study by Maria Pareschi of the Italian National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology in Pisa says that a volcanic collapse of Mount Etna's Eastern flank which happened 8,500 years ago likely caused a 10-storey (40 m or 131 ft) megatsunami that hit and engulfed some of the Mediterranean coastal cities within hours. Scientists point to the sudden abandonment of the village around the same time as more evidence that the tsunami happened.

A stone semicircle was found which contains seven 600-kilogram (1,320 lb) megaliths. There are cup marks carved into the stones and the stones are around a freshwater spring. It is suggested that it was used for a water ritual. In 2008, there were skeletons of a woman and child found, which revealed the earliest known cases of tuberculosis.

Red Red Wine

"Red Red Wine" is a pop ballad. It was originally recorded by Neil Diamond. His version reached #62 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1968. The single is about a person drinking red wine to forget his problems. 

The song was covered by UB40 in August 1983. It peaked at #1 in 1984 in United Kingdom and at #34 in the United States.

It was released again in 1988 in the United States. That time, it hit #1.

Mace Windu

Mace Windu is a fictional character in the Star Wars series. 
He was portrayed by Samuel L. Jackson as a Jedi Master in the prequel movies. He was Master of the High Council of the Jedi in episodes I to III. He appears in "", "", and "". He also appears in the computer and television versions of the movies. 

In "", Windu is betrayed by Anakin Skywalker, and killed by Supreme Chancellor Palpatine.

Aer Lingus

Aer Lingus is Ireland's national airline. It is the second largest Irish airline after its main competitor, Ryanair. "Aer Lingus" means "Air Fleet" in the Celtic languages.

The airline began flying in April 1936. At that time, it had only one aircraft. It flew between Dublin and Bristol. As of 2015, the airline has almost 50 airplanes. It flies to about 70 airports in Europe and North America.

No Pads, No Helmets...Just Balls

No Pads, No Helmets...Just Balls is the first studio album by Canadian pop punk band, Simple Plan. "No Pads, No Helmets...Just Balls" was released on March 19, 2002 through both Atlantic and Lava.

The album debuted at #35 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #8 on the Canadian Albums Chart. The album was certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA.

The album featured the singles "I'm Just a Kid", "I'd Do Anything", "Addicted", and "Perfect".

Government of Ontario

The Government of Ontario is the provincial government of Ontario, Canada. There are several parts of Ontario's government. The Queen of Canada, Elizabeth II, is represented by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario. The Legislative Assembly of Ontario is a unicameral body with 107 members. A cabinet, called the Executive Council of Ontario, is formed from members of the Assembly, usually from the largest party. The cabinet is headed by the Premier of Ontario.

The current premier is Doug Ford.

Legislative Assembly of Ontario

The Legislative Assembly of Ontario is the legislature of the province of Ontario, Canada. It has the second largest number of members out of the provincial legislatures of Canada. It meets at the Ontario Legislative Building in Toronto, the provincial capital.

The Assembly was created in 1867 by the British North America Act. The Assembly is unicameral, meaning there is no upper house. There are 124 members of the assembly, who are called Members of Provincial Parliament (MPPs). Each member is elected from one electoral district. The party with the most members gets to choose the Premier of Ontario, who leads the government, and the Executive Council of Ontario, which is the cabinet. The leader of the second largest party in the assembly becomes the Leader of the Opposition.

The current assembly was elected in the 2018 Ontario general election. The members that were elected are part of the 42nd Parliament of Ontario.

The following table shows how many seats each political party has in the legislature. 

Chandra X-ray Observatory

The Chandra X-ray Observatory (CXO) is a space telescope launched by NASA on July 23, 1999. 

Chandra is sensitive to X-ray sources 100 times fainter than any previous X-ray telescope. This is done by the high angular resolution of its mirrors. Since the Earth's atmosphere absorbs the vast majority of X-rays, Earth-based telescopes cannot detect them. Space-based telescopes are needed to make these observations. Chandra is an Earth satellite in a 64-hour orbit, and its mission is ongoing as of 2021.

Chandra is one of the Great Observatories, with the Hubble Space Telescope, Compton Gamma Ray Observatory (1991–2000), and the Spitzer Space Telescope. The telescope is named after Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar.

Austrian Airlines

Austrian Airlines is the largest airline of Austria. Its main hub is the Vienna International Airport. It was founded on May 3, 1923. Austrian bought its first jet aircraft in 1963. Austrian joined the Star Alliance on March 26, 2000. The Government of Austria sold the airline in 2008. Lufthansa bought Austrian Airlines in 2009. In April 2015, Austrian Airlines was combined with Tyrolean Airways. 

On 17 March 2020, the airline temporarily blocks work as a result of the COVID-19.

Miami International Airport

Miami International Airport (MIA) is the largest airport in passenger and size terms in the US state of Florida. It's historic name was Wilcox Field.

The airport is one of the busiest airports in the United States. This is mainly because of Miami's closeness to all of Florida's tourist attractions, the city's economic activity, and its large Latin American and European population.

These airlines fly to and from Miami: 

Pan American World Airways

Pan American World Airways, or Pan Am, was once the largest airline of the USA. The crash of Pan Am Flight 103 and several other factors led to the airline to stop flying in 1991.

Pan Am was founded in 1926. Its first flights were from Key West, Florida to Havana, Cuba. During the 1920s and 1930s, Pan Am bought several smaller airlines in Central America and South America. These were bought to help Pan Am expand its flights throughout The Americas. Pan Am became the first airline to circumnavigate the world in 1942. By the 1950s, Pan Am had several larger airplanes like the Boeing 377, Douglas DC-6 and the Lockheed Constellation. It went to cities all across the world. In 1959, Pan Am bought its first jet - the Boeing 707. In 1970, Pan Am introduced its first widebody jet - the Boeing 747.

In 1980, Pan Am was combined with National Airlines. This was because Pan Am wanted to fly domestic flights and the government didn't allow it. When Pan Am bought National, it could finally fly domestically. In the 1980s, Pan Am started having many financial problems, having paid too much to buy National Airlines. Pan Am also spent too much money on the new Boeing 747s. The Gulf War of 1990 also caused many problems with Pan Am's transatlantic flights. Pan Am declared bankruptcy in January 1991. Delta Air Lines bought small parts of Pan Am and tried to help it. However, on December 4, 1991 Pan Am stopped flying due to the big financial problems. United Airlines got many of Pan Am's old flights. American Airlines got Pan Am's Miami hub. Pan Am was resurrected twice in 1996 and 1998. 


Joint State Political Directorate

The Joint State Political Directorate (OGPU; ) was the secret police of the Soviet Union from 1922 to 1934. It was after the Cheka and before the NKVD. Its official name was the Joint State Political Directorate. 

The OGPU was theoretically supposed to operate with more restraint than the original Bolshevik secret police, the Cheka. The OGPU's powers were greatly increased in 1926, when the Soviet criminal code was amended to include a section on "anti-state terrorism". The law were vaguely written and very broadly interpreted. Even before then, it set up tribunals to try the most exceptional cases of terrorism, usually without calling any witnesses. In time, the OGPU's powers grew even greater than those of the Cheka.

Perhaps its most spectacular success was the Trust Operation of 1924–1925. OGPU agents contacted émigrés in western Europe and pretended to be on a large group working to overthrow the communist regime, known as the "Trust". Exiled Russians gave the Trust large sums of money and supplies, as did foreign intelligence agencies. The Trust finally succeeded in luring one of the leading anti-Communist operators, Sidney Reilly, into Russia to meet with the Trust. Once he was in Russia, he was captured and killed. It was a great propaganda success.

From 1927 to 1929, the OGPU engaged in intensive investigations of an opposition coup. Stalin soon made a public decree that any and all opposition views should be considered dangerous and gave the GPU the authority to seek out hostile elements. There were many trials during Stalin's Five Year Plan. 

The OGPU was responsible for the creation of the Gulag system. It also became the Soviet government's arm for the persecution of the Russian Orthodox Church, the Greek Catholics, the Latin Catholics, Islam and other religious organizations. The OGPU was also the main secret police agency for the detection, arrest, and liquidation of anarchists and other dissident left-wing factions in the early Soviet Union.

The OGPU was merged into the newly created all-union People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs (NKVD) in July 1934. Its last change was into the more widely known Committee for State Security (KGB).

Copa Airlines

Copa Airlines is the national airline of Panama. 

Copa Airlines was founded in 1947. Its first international flights began in the 1970s. They went to airports in Colombia, Costa Rica and Jamaica. 

In 1998, Copa Airlines began an agreement with Continental Airlines. Copa Airlines also changed its logo.

As of March 2015, the airline was flying almost 100 airplanes to 69 cities in the Americas.

Aeroflot

Aeroflot is the national airline of the Russian Federation. It's one of the oldest airlines in the world. It has been flying for over a century.

Aeroflot began in 1923 in the Soviet Union. Much of Aeroflot's history was kept secret once the Cold War began and Aeroflot had to stop flying to the United States.

Throughout the 1960s, 70s and 80s, Aeroflot and many Eastern Bloc airlines suffered many air crashes due to old and poor Russian airplanes. Those were the only ones Aeroflot and those airlines could use. However, Aeroflot was the world's largest airline until the 1980s. After the Soviet Union ended in 1991, Aeroflot began modernizing its fleet and buying more Western airplanes, like the Airbus A300 and Boeing 767. By 1991, Aeroflot again started flying to the United States. Aeroflot is member of aviation alliance SkyTeam. As of 2021, Aeroflot was flying to 146 cities in 52 countries.

Interjet

Interjet was a low-cost airline based in Mexico begun in 2005. Mexico City International Airport is Interjet's hub. Interjet mainly flies Airbus A320 and Sukhoi Superjet airplanes from Mexico to the USA, Central America and South America.
In 2014, Interjet began an agreement with American Airlines and Iberia. As of December 2020 the CFO Erick Peña Bonola announced the suspension of all operations and from the IATA for its non-payment of debt, primarily from fuel costs. The airline's website is currently inactive, as reported by sources.

Avianca

Avianca is the national and largest airline of Colombia. It is the second oldest airline in the world. It began flying in 1919. Avianca has grown to become one of the largest airlines in the Americas. It flies to 121 cities with over 140 airplanes. In 2009, TACA Airlines and Avianca were combined to create a single airline.

Trans World Airlines

Trans World Airlines (TWA) was one of the largest airlines of the United States. It stopped flying after it was bought by American Airlines in 2001, after many financial problems.

Eastern Air Lines

Eastern Air Lines was one of the largest airlines of the United States. It was founded by Eddie Rickenbacker in 1929. It stopped flying in 1991. Eastern was one of the "Big Four" airlines of the USA, along with American Airlines, United Airlines and TWA.

In 2015, Eastern relaunched flights. The company merged with Swift Air in 2017 stating that, "the transaction is not a purchase of one certificate or merger of two certificates." Eastern's last flight was in September of 2017. Swift completed its asset purchase and all remaining Eastern aircraft were transferred to the Swift certificate. In September 2017 Eastern surrendered its certificate to the FAA. The Eastern name will be transferred to Dynamic International Airways, an airline co-owned by Swift ownership.

Possibly could be added to
Black Sabbath (song)

"Black Sabbath" is a song by the English heavy metal band Black Sabbath, written in 1969 and released on their self-titled first album. In 1970, the song appeared as an A-side on a four-track 12-inch single, with "The Wizard" also on the A-side and "Evil Woman" and "Sleeping Village" on the B-side, on the Philips Records label Vertigo. In Japan and the Philippines, a 7-inch single on the Philips label was released with "Evil Woman, Don't Play Your Games with Me" on the A-side and "Black Sabbath" on the B-side.
Ice-T sampled the song on his 1989 song "Shut Up, Be Happy" and his 1991 song "Midnight". Other musicians have done covers of this song. One of them was Beth Gibbons of Portishead.

According to the band, the song was inspired by an experience that bassist Geezer Butler had in the days of Earth. Butler had recently become obsessed with the occult,so he painted his apartment matte black and placed several inverted crucifixes and pictures of Satan on the walls. Ozzy Osbourne gave Butler a black occult book as a gift. It was written in Latin and decorated with numerous pictures of Satan. Butler read the book and then placed it on a shelf beside his bed before going to sleep. When he woke up, he claims he saw a large black figure standing at the end of his bed, staring at him. The figure vanished and Butler ran to the shelf where he had placed the book earlier, but the book was gone. Butler related this story to Osbourne, who then wrote the lyrics to the song based on Butler's experience. The song starts with the lyrics:

"What is this that stands before me?"

"Figure in black which points at me."

A version of this song from Black Sabbath's first demo exists on the Ozzy Osbourne compilation album "The Ozzman Cometh". The song has an extra verse with additional vocals before the bridge. The guitar and bass are tuned down one whole step, resulting in the key position of A being played on the fretboard, but having the pitch as G (octave - D flat) to the listener. It's one of the band's most frequently performed tracks, being featured on every single tour of their career.

Malayo-Polynesian languages

The Malayo-Polynesian languages are a subgroup of the Austronesian languages. There are about 385.5 million people who speak these languages. The Malayo-Polynesian languages are spoken by the Austronesian people of the island nations of Southeast Asia and the Pacific Ocean. There are a smaller number in continental Asia. Malagasy is spoken on the island of Madagascar. Part of the language family shows a strong influence of Sanskrit and Arabic as the western part of the region has many followers of Buddhism, Hinduism, and, since the 10th century, Islam.

Ohio Players

The Ohio Players were a funk and R&B band from the United States. The group formed in 1959. They were best known for the songs "Fire", "Funky Worm" and "Love Rollercoaster". This group was most popular in the 1970s. They were from Dayton, Ohio.

The group's first big song was "Funky Worm". The song hit the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also hit #1 on the "Billboard" R&B chart.

They had seven Top 40 songs between 1973 and 1976. The songs included "Fire" in 1975 and "Love Rollercoaster" in 1976.

Still Not Getting Any...

Still Not Getting Any... is the second studio album by Canadian pop punk band, Simple Plan. "Still Not Getting Any..." was released on October 26, 2004 through both Atlantic and Lava.

The album peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #2 on the Canadian Albums Chart. The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA, selling one million copies.

The album featured the singles "Welcome to My Life", "Shut Up!", "Untitled (How Could This Happen to Me?)", and "Crazy".

Balas y Chocolate

Balas y Chocolate () is the eighth studio album by Mexican latin singer Lila Downs. Released on March 24, 2015. It was going to be much darker than her earlier material, though it became an upbeat electronic-folk inspired album. The album features collaborations from Juan Gabriel and Juanes. It reached the top of the charts in Mexico, Argentina, Colombia, Spain and the United States. It also reached the top ten in other major markets.


Prisoner's dilemma

The prisoner's dilemma is a paradox about co-operation. It shows why two "rational" individuals might not co-operate, even if it seems in their best interests. It is studied in game theory.

The police catch two criminals after they committed a crime. The police do not know which person committed the crime and which person just helped. They question the two in separate cells. Each prisoner can either stay silent or betray (hurt) the other by blaming the crime on them. If both stay silent, they only go to jail for 2 years. If one betrays and the other stays silent, the one that stays silent goes to jail for 10 years and the other one does not go to jail at all. If they both betray each other, they each go to jail for 5 years. No matter what happens, the prisoners will never see each other again.

If you are a prisoner in this situation and you care only about yourself, the way to get the smallest sentence is to betray the other prisoner. No matter what, you get a shorter sentence when you betray than when you do not.

If the other prisoner stays silent and does not betray, then betraying means you do not go to jail at all instead of going to jail for 6 months.

If the other prisoner betrays, then betraying lets you go to jail for 5 years instead of 10 years. In other words, it's always best for you to betray, even though the two of you would be better off if you both stayed silent. Betraying the other prisoner is your "dominant strategy" because it is always the best thing for you to do, no matter what the other prisoner does.

The prisoner's dilemma does not have same result if some of the details are different.

Game theory was much studied during the Cold War period. In that case the "players" being studied were the United States and the Soviet Union.

Seguridad Social

Seguridad Social is a Spanish rock music band from Benetússer, Valencia. It was founded in 1982 by José Manuel Casany (also Casañ) (vocalist) and Santiago Serrano (guitar).

Casany met him when he was a member of Paranoicos. After that Serrano left his former band and joined to his friend's group. However they stopped their music career due their military services. Before leaving to go into the armed forces, they signed a contract with Citra label. One year later both returned to the band.

In 1984 Seguridad Social released its first LP: "El desconcierto".

The 90's were a big change for the band. Most of its members left Seguridad Social. They were replaced by Javi Vela (guitar/vocalist), Alex Olías (bass/vocalist) and Rafa Villalba (drummer).







Cædmon's Hymn

Cædmon's "Hymn" is a short Old English poem originally composed by Cædmon. It was about God. It survives in a Latin translation by Bede in his "Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum" and in other dialects written down in several manuscripts of Bede's "Historia". Bede wrote about the poet and his work in the fourth book of his "Historia". 

Bede told the story of Cædmon who was an illiterate cow-herder who was suddenly able to recite a Christian song of creation in Old English verse. This miracle happened after Cædmon left a feast when they were passing a harp around for all to sing a song. He left the hall after feeling ashamed that he could not contribute a song. Later in a dream he said a man appeared to him and asked him to sing a song. Cædmon responded that he could not sing. But the man told him that he could and asked him to “Sing to me the beginning of all things.” Cædmon was then able to sing verses and words that he had not heard of before. Cædmon then reported his experience first to a steward then to Hild the abbess. She invited scholars to evaluate Cædmon’s gift. Cædmon was sent home to turn more divine doctrine into song. The abbess was so impressed with the success of his gift that she told him to become a monk. Cædmon lived a long and very productive life as a monk. He created songs from all kinds of Church history and doctrine.

The text has been set to music by a number of composers of choral music. Graham Keitch used Bede's translation for a motet which was commissioned to mark the 1100th anniversary of the death of the Anglo Saxon queen, Aethelflaed. It was first sung during the commemorative Evensong for Queen Aethelflaed which took place in Gloucester Cathedral, June 12th 2018.


Kingsville, Texas

Kingsville is a city in Texas. It is the county seat of Kleberg County in Texas. It was founded in 1904. The population was 25,402 in 2020. Kingsville has an area of .


Appeal

In law, an appeal is how legal cases are reviewed. An appeal is made to a higher court than the one that made the initial judgment. This is usually an appeals court. In turn, appeals court decisions may be appealed in a supreme court. The person pursuing an appeal is called an appellant.

When a lower court judgement is filed, the losing party (appellant) must file a notice of appeal. The appellant must give the appeals court legal reasons for reversing the decision of the lower court. Usually the legal argument includes legal precedents that relate to this case. The other party, called a respondent or appellee files a brief that counters the claims of the appellant. In turn, the appellant may counter the response of the appellee with a final brief. Then, if the appeals court agrees to hear the case each party argues their case before the court. The appeals court may sustain the original court ruling. They may also reverse the decision sending it back to the lower court. No new evidence is introduced in an appeals court.

Phil Lynott

Philip Parris "Phil" Lynott (20 August 1949 – 4 January 1986) was an Irish musician. He was born in West Bromwich, Staffordshire, England and raised in Dublin, Ireland from age four. His mother was businesswoman Philomena Lynott. He was a bass guitar player and singer. He was the leader of the rock band Thin Lizzy.

Lynott started Thin Lizzy in 1969. He also made two solo albums in the early 1980s. Thin Lizzy were famous for their songs "The Boys Are Back in Town", "Waiting for an Alibi", "Whisky in the Jar" and "Jailbreak". Lynott also worked with Gary Moore.

Lynott had problems with drugs and alcohol in his final years. On 25 December 1985, he collapsed and went to a clinic in Wiltshire, England. He was diagnosed with septicaemia. He died of pneumonia and heart failure in Salisbury, Wiltshire on 4 January 1986. He was 36.

Get Your Heart On!

Get Your Heart On! is the fourth studio album by Canadian pop punk band, Simple Plan. "Get Your Heart On!" was released on June 21, 2011 through both Atlantic and Lava. It was also released on 17 June 2011 in countries like Australia and the Netherlands.

The album peaked at #52 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #2 on the Canadian Albums Chart.

The album featured the singles "Can't Keep My Hands off You", "Jet Lag", "Astronaut", and "Summer Paradise".

Festival Song

"Festival Song" is the fourth and last single single off American pop punk band Good Charlotte's album "Good Charlotte". The song was released in 2001. 

Joel Madden of Good Charlotte said that the song was about the HFStival, which is a rock festival. He explained:
"I grew up coming to the HFStival. . . I wrote this song about being here, how we wanted to quit our jobs to be in a band. We have all our friends, the fans and the radio support right here."


Mexicana de Aviacion

Mexicana de Aviacion was one of the largest airlines of Mexico. It was one of the oldest airlines in the world. It began flying in 1921. It stopped flying in August 2010.

Mexicana began in 1921 at Tampico. At first, it only carried mail. By the early 1930s, Mexicana was almost entirely owned by Pan American World Airways. In the late 1920s, Mexicana started flying to airports in Costa Rica, Cuba, El Salvador and Guatemala. Mexicana was also the first international airline to begin flights to Los Angeles International Airport.

By the 1960s, Mexicana's main competitor was Aeroméxico. Mexicana almost went into bankruptcy. Mexicana got its first Boeing 727 in 1969. However, two of its Boeing 727s crashed in 1969. The accidents killed some people.

In the 1990s, Aeroméxico and Mexicana formed an agreement. Mexicana started flying the Airbus A320 family in 1991.

Mexicana kept growing. It eventually became one of the largest airlines in North America. In August 2010, Mexicana filed for bankruptcy. The company ended a few weeks later. Mexicana has never flown since then.

Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous

Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous is an American television series. The show ran from March 31, 1984 until September 2, 1995. It was created by Alfred M. "Al" Masini. The show featured the lifestyles of rich and famous celebrities.

The show was hosted by Robin Leach. After Leach was joined by Shari Belafonte in 1994, the show was renamed to Lifestyles with Robin Leach and Shari Belafonte. The show ended with Leach's catchphrase "champagne wishes and caviar dreams." David Greenspan narrated most of the segments for the show's run and he could be heard narrating when Leach did not appear on camera.


Burlington Coat Factory

Burlington Coat Factory is a coat factory/store/warehouse established in 1924. It was called "Burlington Coat/Fine Clothing Factory Warehouse for the Entire Family" in 1924-1984 and "The Original Burlington Coat Factory" in 1984-2011.

It is an American national off price retailer, with 523 stores in 44 states and Puerto Rico, with its corporate headquarters in Burlington Township, New Jersey.

Kuwait Airways

Kuwait Airways is Kuwait's national airline. It began in 1954. It has grown very fast. It is one of the largest airlines in the Middle East. It flies to 42 cities in different countries.

Kuwait Airways has 22 aircraft (with 4 more on order). The average age of their aircraft is 17.4 years.

Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous (song)

"Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" is the first single off American pop punk band Good Charlotte's second studio album, "The Young and the Hopeless". The song was released in September 6, 2002.

On the "Billboard" charts, the song was able to peak at #20 on the Hot 100 and #6 on the Top 40 Mainstream.

In 2003, the song won a MTV Video Music Award for "Viewer's Choice". It was also the winner of a Kerrang! Award for Best Single.


The Anthem

"The Anthem" is the second single off American pop punk band Good Charlotte's second studio album, "The Young and the Hopeless". The song was released in January 2003.

On the "Billboard" charts, the song was able to peak at #43 on the Hot 100 and #10 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks.

In 2004, the song won "Best Rock Video" at the MTV Video Music Awards Japan.

The song has appeared on the soundtracks to the video games "Madden NFL 2003", "Project Gotham Racing", "Elite Beat Agents", and the North American release of "Donkey Konga 2".


IC 342/Maffei Group

The IC 342/Maffei Group (also known as the "IC 342 Group" or the "Maffei 1 Group") is the nearest group of galaxies to the Local Group. The group is basically a binary group. The member galaxies are mostly concentrated around either IC 342 or Maffei 1, which are the brightest galaxies in the group. 

The group, and the Local Group, are in the Virgo Supercluster (i.e. the Local Supercluster).

The Princess Bride (movie)

The Princess Bride is a 1987 American fantasy romance movie. It was directed and co-produced by Rob Reiner. The movie stars Cary Elwes, Robin Wright, Mandy Patinkin, Chris Sarandon, Wallace Shawn, André the Giant, and Christopher Guest. It is based on the 1973 novel of the same name by William Goldman. The movie tells the story of a farmhand named Westley who must rescue his true love Princess Buttercup from the evil Prince Humperdinck. The movie keeps the narrative style of the book. It shows the story as a book being read by a grandfather (Peter Falk) to his sick grandson (Fred Savage).

The movie was first released in the United States on September 25, 1987. It was liked by critics at the time. The movie was only a small success at the box office. Over time, it became a more popular. "The Princess Bride" is said to be one of the best movies of 1987. It has been included on many lists of best films. In 2016, the movie was added to the National Film Registry. It was said to be "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant". 

A grandfather visits his grandson, who is sick and must stay at home. The grandfather reads him a story, and says it is full of fighting, torture, revenge, giants, monsters, chases, escapes, true love, and miracles. The grandson does not believe it will be good but agrees to try and stay awake, and sometimes interrupts as his grandfather tells the story. 

A beautiful young woman named Buttercup lives on a farm, in a land called Florin. Whenever she tells the farmhand Westley to do some work, he always does the work and his only answer is "As you wish." She eventually realizes that he truly means "I love you" and she realizes that she loves him too. He is poor and they do not have enough money to get married. He leaves to seek his fortune, but his ship is attacked by a famous pirate, the Dread Pirate Roberts, who is known for never taking prisoners, and Westley is believed dead.

Five years later, Buttercup is forced to marriage Prince Humperdinck, the prince of Florin. Before the wedding, she is kidnapped by three outlaws: a short Sicilian boss named Vizzini, a giant from Greenland named Fezzik, and a Spanish fencing master named Inigo Montoya, who seeks revenge against a six-fingered man who killed his father. Soon the outlaws are pursued by a masked man in black, and also by Prince Humperdinck and his soldiers. 

The man in black catches up to the outlaws at the top of the Cliffs of Insanity. He defeats Inigo in a sword fight and knocks him unconscious. He wrestles the giant Fezzik, and put him to sleep using a choke hold. He outsmarts Vizzini, tricking him into drinking from a cup containing poison. He takes Buttercup prisoner and they flee. They stop to rest near the top of steep hill. Buttercup guesses that he is the famous Dread Pirate Roberts, and is angry with him for killing Westley. Buttercup sees Humperdinck and his soldier in the distance and pushes Roberts down the hill and wishes death upon him. As he tumbles down, he shouts, "As you wish!" Buttercup realizes Westley was pretending to be the Dread Pirate Roberts, and she throws herself down the hill after him and they are reunited. Westley explains the Dread Pirate Roberts is not one person, but a name passed on when the pirate wants to retire. They must pass through the dangerous Fire Swamp, and avoid hungry animals that live there. They survive the fires and the rodents of unusual size (ROUS), but are captured as they leave by prince Humperdinck and his cruel assistant Count Rugen, who has six fingers on each hand. Buttercup agrees to return with Humperdinck in exchange for Westley's release. Humperdinck secretly orders Rugen to lock Westley in his torture chamber, the Pit of Despair.

When Buttercup expresses unhappiness at marrying Humperdinck, he promises to search for Westley. His real plan all along had been to start war with the neighboring country of Guilder by making it look like they had killed Buttercup. Meanwhile, Inigo and Fezzik reunite after Humperdinck orders the thieves arrested in the nearby forest, and Fezzik tells Inigo about Rugen. Inigo decides that they need Westley's help to get into the castle. Buttercup is sad and angry with Humperdinck when she learns that he has not tried to find Westley. Humperdinck locks Buttercup in her room, and tortures Westley to death. In the forest Inigo and Fezzik are able to hear Westley cry out in pain, as he dies. They find Westley's body and bring him to a folk healer, called Miracle Max. Max used to work for the king of Florin but was fired by Humperdinck, and at first says he cannot help but agrees because he does not like Humperdinck. He discovers that Westley is not dead but only "mostly dead" because of his true love for Buttercup. Max brings Westley back to life, but Westley cannot move his body, and needs more time to recover. 

After Westley, Inigo and Fezzik get inside the castle, Humperdinck is scared and tries to finish the wedding quickly. Inigo finds and Rugen the six-fingered man who killed his father. He fights him in a duel to the death, saying to him again and again: "Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die." Westley finds Buttercup, who was about to kill herself, and tells her the marriage was not real because she never said "I do". Still unable to move, he wastes time and tells Humperdinck all the terrible things he will do to him if they fight. His bluff works and without fighting Humperdinck gives up. Together the leave the castle, Westley rides away with Buttercup, and Inigo and Fezzik. Westley and Buttercup share a kiss. 

The boy asks his grandfather to read the story to him again the next day, to which the grandfather replies, "As you wish."

Deltoid muscle

The deltoid muscle is the muscle forming the rounded contour of the human shoulder. Electromyography suggests that it is at least seven groups that can be independently coordinated by the central nervous system.

Grass snake

The grass snake ("Natrix") is a non-venomous snake. It is often found near water and feeds almost exclusively on amphibia and lizards.

The grass snake is widely distributed in mainland Europe, from mid Scandinavia to southern Italy. It is also found in Middle East and northwestern Africa. 

There is a native species in Great Britain but it is not "Natrix natrix". It is "Natrix helvetica" the barred grass snake. The two subspecies were both called "Natrix natrix" until recently (2017).

Work by the Senckenberg Research Institute in Germany lead a study into the genetics of over 1,600 grass snakes.

Smooth snake

The smooth snake ("Coronella austriaca"). is found in Britain, where it lives only in southern heathlands.

It is a non-venomous colubrid species found in northern and central Europe, and as far east as northern Iran. In contrast to many other snakes, their scales are flat (not keeled). This gives the snake a smooth texture to the touch, from which it gets its common name.

The smooth snake feeds on smaller animals, especially other reptiles. It subdues larger prey by constriction, although unlike true constrictors it does not actually kill by this method. It reproduces by laying eggs, which are buried in sand in a warm place.

Villa Castelli helicopter crash

The Villa Castelli helicopter crash occurred on 9 March 2015 when two helicopters collided near Villa Castelli in north-west Argentina. All 10 people on board the two aircraft were killed.

Florence Arthaud, Camille Muffat and Alexis Vastine were passengers.

Lynn Borden

Lynn Borden (March 24, 1937 – March 3, 2015) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as "Barbara Baxter" in the final season of the Shirley Booth sitcom "Hazel", which aired on CBS from 1965 to 1966 though the program began in 1961 on NBC.

Borden was born in Detroit. She died of an illness in Encino, Los Angeles.

Ernest Braun

Ernest Braun (9 March 1925 – 3 March 2015) was a British-Austrian scholar. He worked in technology policy and technology assessment.


Gimme Shelter

"Gimme Shelter" is a song by English rock band The Rolling Stones. It is the first song on their 1969 album, "Let It Bleed". Merry Clayton sang for the song along with Mick Jagger. The song was released on 5 December 1969.

During a 1995 interview with "Rolling Stone", Jagger said:

"Well, it's a very rough, very violent era. The Vietnam War. Violence on the screens, pillage and burning. And Vietnam was not war as we knew it in the conventional sense. The thing about Vietnam was that it wasn't like World War II, and it wasn't like Korea, and it wasn't like the Gulf War. It was a real nasty war, and people didn't like it. People objected, and people didn't want to fight it..." As for the song itself, he concluded, "That's a kind of end-of-the-world song, really. It's apocalypse; the whole record's like that."

In 2004, the song was ranked #38 on "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time" list by "Rolling Stone". It has also been ranked at #12 on "The 200 Greatest Songs of the 1960s" list by Pitchfork Media.

Dyan Cannon

Dyan Cannon (born Samille Diane Friesen; January 4, 1937) is an American actress, director, screenwriter, editor, and producer. She was known for her role as Alice in "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice".


Ninan Koshy

Ninan Koshy (; 1 February 1934 – 4 March 2015) was an Indian political thinker, foreign affairs expert, Christian theologian and social analyst. He was born in 1934 in Thiruvalla. He was a former director of the WCC's Commission of the Churches on International Affairs.

Koshy died in Thiruvananthapuram on 4 March 2015, aged 81.

Vlada Divljan

Vladimir "Vlada" Divljan (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Дивљан; 10 May 1958 – 4 March 2015), was a Serbian singer and songwriter. He was known as the frontman for the Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Idoli. He died from appendix cancer.


James Molyneaux, Baron Molyneaux of Killead

James Henry Molyneaux, Baron Molyneaux of Killead, KBE, PC (27 August 1920 – 9 March 2015) was a Northern Irish Unionist politician. He was leader of the Ulster Unionist Party from 1979 to 1995. He was a leading member and sometime Vice-President of the Conservative Monday Club. An Orangeman, he was also Sovereign Grand Master of the Royal Black Institution from 1971 to 1995.

A La Carte Communications

A La Carte Communications is a television production company founded in 1990 by Natan Katzman and Geoffrey Drummond. A la Carte produced Jeff Smith's "The Frugal Gourmet" cooking show. Other shows produced by the company included "Julia Child: Cooking with Master Chefs" and "In Julia's Kitchen with Master Chefs". A La Carte and Maryland Public Television co-produced the Emmy award-winning series "Baking with Julia".

Born to Be Wild

"Born to Be Wild" is the third single off Canadian-American rock group Steppenwolf's self-titled first studio album. The song was released in June 1968. 

On the "Billboard" charts, the song was able to peak at #2 on the Hot 100.

In 2004, the song was ranked #130 on the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time list by "Rolling Stone". It has also been ranked at #53 on the 100 Hard Rock Songs list by VH1. The song was first featured in the 1969 movie "Easy Rider" and has since been featured in many movies, trailers, TV shows and commercials. It was ranked #29 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of the top songs in American cinema.

Edward Egan

Edward Michael Egan (April 2, 1932 – March 5, 2015) was an American Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Bridgeport from 1988 to 2000, and as Archbishop of New York from 2000 to 2009. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 2001.

Blase J. Cupich

Blase Joseph Cupich (born March 19, 1949 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He is serving as the ninth Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Chicago.

He was the surprise choice of Pope Francis to succeed Cardinal Francis George as Archbishop of Chicago on September 20, 2014. Cupich had served as the sixth bishop of the Diocese of Spokane since 2010.

Jim McCann (musician)

James "Jim" McCann (26 October 1944 – 5 March 2015) was an Irish entertainer and folk musician. Although a solo artist for most of his career, McCann was a member of the folk group the Dubliners from 1974 until 1979.

McCann's death was announced by his family on 5 March 2015. He had been battling throat cancer.

Abe Pollin

Abraham Pollin (December 3, 1923 – November 24, 2009) was the owner of a number of professional sports teams including the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League (NHL), the Washington Mystics in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), and the Washington Wizards in the National Basketball Association (NBA).


Fred Craddock

Fred Brenning Craddock, Jr. (April 30, 1928 – March 6, 2015) was an American priest. He was the Bandy Distinguished Professor of Preaching and New Testament Emeritus in the Candler School of Theology at Emory University. He was an ordained minister of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) from rural Tennessee. He was the director of the Craddock Center, a non-profit service group which operates in rural Appalachia.

Windell Middlebrooks

Windell D. Middlebrooks (January 8, 1979 – March 9, 2015) was an American movie and television actor. He was known for his roles in "Body of Proof" and "The Suite Life on Deck".

Ram Sundar Das

Ram Sundar Das (; 9 January 1921 – 6 March 2015) was an Indian politician and a former Chief Minister of Bihar state. He was a leader of the Janata Dal (United) political party. He was the Chief Minister of Bihar from 21 April 1979 to 17 February 1980. In 1991, he was elected to the 10th Lok Sabha from Hajipur constituency in Bihar.


Vasilios Magginas

Vasilios Magginas (; 22 October 1949 – 6 March 2015) was a Greek politician. He was member of the Greek Parliament for the New Democracy for the Aetolia-Acarnania constituency and government minister.

Edmond Malinvaud

Edmond Malinvaud (25 April 1923 – 7 March 2015) was a French economist. He was the first president of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences.

Gerardo Sofovich

Gerardo Andrés Sofovich (March 18, 1937 – March 8, 2015) was an Argentine businessman, dramaturge, TV host, actor, comedian, scriptwriter, and film director.

He was the producer "Polémica en el bar" and "La noche del Domingo", two of the most popular Argentine television programs of the 1970s and '80s. Sofovich also hosted "A la manera de Sofovich" and "Sin Límite SMS", broadcast on Canal 9.

Neutral oxide

Neutral oxides are oxides which are neither acidic nor basic. In other words, oxides which neither react with acids or with bases are called neutral. They are different from amphoteric oxides, which can act as both acidic and as basic oxides.


These are four neutral oxides discovered so far.

Crossbill

The crossbills are a genus, "Loxia", of birds in the finch family (Fringillidae). There are three to five (or possibly many more) species. 

These birds have mandibles with crossed tips, which gives the group its English name. Adult males tend to be red or orange in colour, and females green or yellow, but there is much variation.

Crossbills are specialist feeders on conifer cones. The unusual bill shape is an adaptation to get seeds from cones. These birds are typically found in higher northern hemisphere latitudes, where their food sources grow. They move ("erupt") out of the breeding range if the cone crop fails. Crossbills breed very early in the year, often in winter months. This is the time to get the most cones.

They put their beak slightly open between the scales of conifer cones. Then they close their beaks and the tips push the scales apart. This lets them get at the seed (usually two seeds per scale). The point is that, as cones mature, they tend to open when dry and close when wet.
Eventually they fall, and lie on the ground. As they dry the scales naturally open, and any animal can get at the seeds. With their beaks, crossbills can get at the seeds much earlier than any other animal.

Each species' bill shape is optimised for opening seeds from different species of conifer. Their preferred food sources are:


The relationships between crossbill species has been much studied.

In-N-Out Burger

In-N-Out Burger is a regional chain of fast food restaurants. The privately held company has 300 locations. These are mostly in the Southwestern United States. In-N-Out encourages customers to customize their orders. They refuse to use microwave ovens or freezers. Also, In-N-Out pays its employees above the minimum wage. Employees start at a wage of $10.50 an hour.

The company was founded by Harry and Esther Snyder in 1948. Their only heir is their granddaughter, Lynsi Martinez Torres. She will gain full ownership over a period of 12 years ending in 2021. In 2012 In-N-Out was worth about $800 million USD.


Jerry Ahrlin

Jerry Ahrlin, born 15 January 1978 in Östersund, Sweden, is a Swedish cross-country skier.



Biskopsgården Church

The Biskopsgården Church () is a church building in the southern parts of Biskopsgården on the island of Hisingen in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to the Lundby of the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1961. It was originally called the Southern Biskopsgården Church () until the Northern Biskopsgården Church was taken out of use in 2004.

Northern Biskopsgården Church

The Northern Biskopsgården Church () is a church building in the northern parts of Biskopsgården on the island of Hisingen in Gothenburg, Sweden. It earlier belonged to the Lundby of the Church of Sweden, it was inaugurated in 1970 as a parish home. It was taken out of use in 2004 and transferred to the Gothenburg Ecclesiastical Town Mission and the Finnish Parish.

Martin Luther Church (Halmstad)

The Martin Luther Church () is a church building in Nyhem in the town of Halmstad in Sweden. It belongs to the Martin Luther Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on 19 December 1970.

Post-production

Post-production is part of filmmaking, video production and photography processes. It is a major part in the making of movies, television programs, radio programs, advertising, audio recordings, photography, and digital art. It is a term for all stages of production occurring after the actual end of filming. Along with pre-production and production, it is one of the three phases of creating a movie or program.

Typically, the post-production phase of creating a movie or program takes longer than the actual shooting. It can take several months to complete because it is many different processes grouped under one name. These typically include:

In the post-production of music, one of the things done is . It is short for combining the best parts of multiple takes into a full single take, timing and pitch correction, and adding effects. This process is mostly called mixing. It can also involve equalization and adjusting the levels of each individual track to provide the perfect sound experience. Opposite to the name, post-production may take place at any point during the recording and production process.



Real Muthaphuckkin G's

"Real Muthaphuckkin G's" (also known as "Real Compton City G's") is a song off American rapper Eazy-E's second EP, "It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa". The song was released on August 26, 1993. The song was a diss song towards former N.W.A member Dr. Dre and his protégé Snoop Doggy Dogg.

On the "Billboard" charts, the song peaked at #42 on the Hot 100.

Alexis Vastine

Alexis Vastine (17 November 1986 – 9 March 2015) was a French boxer. He won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Light Welterweight division. He also competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He died in the Villa Castelli helicopter crash during the filming of French TV reality show "Dropped" for the TF1 network.


Lew Soloff

Lewis Michael Soloff (February 20, 1944 – March 8, 2015) was an American jazz trumpeter, composer and actor. Soloff was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He studied trumpet at the Eastman School of Music and the Juilliard School. 

He worked with Blood, Sweat & Tears from 1968 until 1973. Prior to this, he worked with Machito, Gil Evans, Tony Scott, Maynard Ferguson and Tito Puente.

He died of a heart attack in New York City.

Germanwings

Germanwings was a low-cost airline owned by Lufthansa. It was based in Cologne, Germany. It was founded in 2002. It has more than 81 airplanes which go to 86 airports.

On March 24, 2015, a Germanwings A320 flying from Barcelona to Düsseldorf crashed in the French Alps. All of the 150 people on board died in the accident. This is the worst accident in the operating history of Germanwings.

Inezita Barroso

Ignez Magdalena Aranha de Lima "Inezita" Barroso (4 March 1925 – 8 March 2015), was a Brazilian "sertanejo" singer, guitarist, actress, TV presenter, librarian, folklorist and teacher.

In 1953 and 1955 she was awarded with Prêmio Saci.

Barroso died of a long illness in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 90.

LOT Polish Airlines

LOT Polish Airlines is the national airline of Poland. It began in 1928 after the merger of all Polish airlines. The airline's main hub is at Warsaw Chopin Airport. LOT is a member of the Star Alliance.

Fleet

Carel Visser

Carel Nicolaas Visser (May 3, 1928 - March 1, 2015) was a Dutch sculptor. Visser was born in 1928 in Papendrecht, South Holland. He was known for turning useless pieces of metal and concrete into statues.

Visser died in Le Fousseret, France, aged 86. 

South African Airways

South African Airways is the largest airline of South Africa. It is based at Johannesburg. It has been flying since 1934.

As of February 2018, South African Airways' fleet consists of the following aircraft:

Stuart Wagstaff

Stuart Wagstaff (13 February 1925 – 10 March 2015) was an English-born Australian entertainer. He was active in all genres of the industry including television, theatre and stage management.


Jack Harte (Irish politician)

John "Jack" Harte (10 December 1920 – 9 March 2015) was an Irish politician. He served as a Labour Party Senator.

Harte was first elected to the 13th Seanad in the 1973 Seanad elections, on the Labour Panel. He was re-elected six times until his retirement at the 1992 elections.

He served with the British Army in Malta and the Middle East during World War II. He published his memoirs of the Second World War, "To the Limits of Endurance: One Irishman's War". On 9 March 2015, he died at the age of 94.

Karlskrona HK

Karlskrona HK is an ice hockey club in the town of Karlskrona in Sweden. It was established in 2001. The club qualified for the Swedish top division in 2015.


Juanita Morrow Nelson

Juanita Morrow Nelson (August 17, 1923 – March 9, 2015) was an American activist and war tax resister. She co-founded the group Peacemakers in 1948. She was the author of "A Matter of Freedom and Other Writings" (1988).


Aerolíneas Argentinas

Aerolineas Argentinas is the largest airline and the country flag carrier of Argentina. It began in 1950.

The average age of the Aerolíneas Argentinas fleet is 6.7 years (Airlines 6.6 and Austral 6.8, in September 2018)

Camille Muffat

Camille Muffat (; 28 October 1989 – 9 March 2015) was a French swimmer and three-time Olympic medalist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she won gold in the 400-meter freestyle, silver in the 200-meter freestyle and bronze in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay.

She died in the Villa Castelli helicopter crash during the filming of French TV reality show "Dropped" for the TF1 network.

Vannevar Bush

Vannevar Bush ( ; March 11, 1890 – June 28, 1974) was an American engineer, inventor and science administrator. He is known in engineering for his work on analog computers, for founding Raytheon, and for the memex.

Bush died of pneumonia in Belmont, Massachusetts, aged 84.


Airport lounge

An airport lounge is a members-only rest area usually owned by an airline (or operated by several airlines). Anyone who pays the membership fee can join. Airport lounges are designed mainly for business travelers. Most offer private meeting rooms and other business services and conveniences. They offer comfortable seating, food, beverages (often an open bar) and free Wi-Fi. 

Most major airlines have one or more lounges in the major airports they serve. The first airport lounge was owned by American Airlines. It opened in 1939 at LaGuardia Airport.

David B. Frohnmayer

Dave Frohnmayer (July 9, 1940 – March 9, 2015) was an American attorney, politician, and university administrator from Oregon. He was the 15th president of the University of Oregon (UO), serving from 1994 to 2009.

On March 9, 2015, Frohnmayer died of prostate cancer in Eugene, Oregon, aged 74.



Florence Arthaud

Florence Arthaud (28 October 1957 – 9 March 2015) was a French sailor. She was from Boulogne-Billancourt. In 1990 Arthaud established a new world record for the fastest solo crossing of the North Atlantic, beating the previous record by two days.

In 2015, Arthaud took part in "Dropped", a reality television show on TF1 in which sportspeople were transported by helicopters into the wilderness. During filming on 9 March 2015, she died in the Villa Castelli helicopter crash in Argentina along with nine other people, two of whom were fellow contestants.

Greater Valparaíso

Greater Valparaíso ("Gran Valparaíso") is a metropolitan area located in the Valparaíso Region. The name comes from the city of Valparaíso, the most important harbour in Chile. At the 2012 census, the estimated population was 979,127 people.


Chuy García

Jesús G. "Chuy" García (born April 12, 1956) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. He is the member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Illinois's 4th district since January 3, 2019. He is the first Mexican-American to be elected to the United States Congress from the Midwest. He ran for Mayor of Chicago twice in 2015 and 2023. He is a progressive.

García was born in Mexico in the state of Durango. Garcia worked at the Legal Assistance Foundation from 1977 to 1980 as he worked towards a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science at the University of Illinois at Chicago.

Garcia was elected to the Chicago City Council in 1986. He became the first Mexican-American member of the Illinois State Senate in 1992. In 2010, Garcia won election to the 7th district Cook County Board of Commissioners. After his election, Cook Country President Toni Preckwinkle appointed him as floor leader. García is a progressive and a reformer. He supports Preckwinkle, and was a supporter of former Chicago Mayor Harold Washington.

Garcia was a candidate for Mayor of Chicago in 2015. He finished second in the 2015 mayoral election on February 24. This forced a runoff vote between him and the mayor at that time, Rahm Emanuel. He lost the run-off election with 44.28% of the votes.

On November 27, 2017, 6 days before the last day to file petitions to run for office, Congressman Luis Gutierrez pulled his petition for re-election in the 2018 race. This effectively ended his career in Congress. The next day, Garcia said he wanted to run for Congress. During Gutierrez's press conference, he endorsed Garcia for the position. The next day, Senator Bernie Sanders endorsed Garcia.

He won the Democratic nomination in March 2018. He then won the general election against Republican Mark Lorch in November 2018.

In February 2020, he announced his support for Bernie Sanders' second presidential candidacy.

In November 2022, Garcia said he would run for mayor of Chicago again, in the 2023 election. He challenged the mayor at the time, Lori Lightfoot. He lost in the first round of voting in February 2023, coming in fourth place.


The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins

"The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins" is a song composed by Charles Randolph Grean and performed by Leonard Nimoy, telling the story of Bilbo Baggins and his adventures in J. R. R. Tolkien's novel "The Hobbit". The recording was featured on "Two Sides of Leonard Nimoy," the second of Nimoy's albums on Dot Records. It was also released as a single (Dot Records Cat. #45-17028) in July 1967.

Five Nights at Freddy's 3

Five Nights at Freddy's 3 is a 2015 indie point-and-click survival horror video game developed by Scott Cawthon. It is the third entry in the "Five Nights at Freddy's" series. The game was released on Steam on March 2, 2015, then for Android devices on March 7, 2015. The game is set 30 years after "Five Nights at Freddy's".

The player assumes the role of a newly hired employee at Fazbear's Fright, a horror-themed amusement park attraction that pays homage to the original Freddy Fazbear’s Pizza. In addition, the player must monitor the status of three operating systems - cameras, audio, and ventilation - and reboot them whenever they begin to malfunction. They have to defend from Springtrap and the 'phantoms', which are more ghostly and burnt-looking versions of the animatronics from the previous games, including Golden Freddy, Chica, Withered Foxy, Balloon Boy, Mangle, and Phantom Puppet. These animatronics cannot physically hurt you, but every time they catch you, one of the systems then needs to be rebooted. While Phantom Mangle does not jumpscare directly, it can appear in the hall or on one of the cameras and emit a garbled static sound, causing the audio system to have to be rebooted. The only animatronic that can cause a game over is Sprintrap, the main antagonist, and he is attracted to sound. The only way to get him to not kill you is by playing audio of Balloon Boy laughing from "Five Nights at Freddy's 2." If you play this audio on a camera close to Springtrap, Springtrap will go towards it. He is also attracted to Mangle's loud garbled audio sounds, so if Mangle is in the hallway making noise, he will go towards your office faster.

Martin H:son Holmdahl

Svante Martin Henriksson Holmdahl (10 June 1923 – 11 March 2015) was a Swedish professor of anesthesiology. He was rector magnificus of Uppsala University between 1978 and 1989. He was born in Gothenburg, Sweden.

Holmdahl died at the age of 91 in Uppsala, Sweden.

The Abyss

The Abyss is a 1989 American science fiction adventure movie. It was directed by James Cameron. It was produced by Gale Anne Hurd. It was produced by Van Ling for the special edition version. "The Abyss" was released on August 9, 1989. The movie is about a US search and recovery team who work with a oil platform crew to race against Russian vessels to recover a sunken American submarine in the Caribbean. They discover a new and mysterious species while deep in the ocean.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 89% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie won an Academy Award in the category of Best Visual Effects in 1990. It was also nominated in the categories of Best Art Direction/Set Decoration, Best Cinematography, and Best Sound.


Naked Lunch (movie)

Naked Lunch is a 1991 science fiction drama movie. It was directed by David Cronenberg. It was produced by Jeremy Thomas and Gabriella Martinelli. "Naked Lunch" was released on December 27, 1991 in the United States and on 24 April 1992 in the United Kingdom. It is based on the William S. Burroughs 1959 novel of the same name. The movie was co-produced by movie companies in Canada, the United Kingdom, and Japan.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 71% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert rated the movie two-and-a-half stars out of four and said "While I admired it in an abstract way, I felt repelled by the material on a visceral level. There is so much dryness, death and despair here, in a life spinning itself out with no joy".

In 1992, the movie won Genie Awards in the categories of Best Motion Picture, Best Director, Best Supporting Actress, Best Art Direction, Best Cinematography, Best Overall Sound, and Best Sound Editing.


Tórshavn

Tórshavn () is the capital and largest city of the Faroe Islands, a part of the Kingdom of Denmark. As of 2008, the city has a population of 13,000, with the urban area populated by 19,000 people in total.

Basuki Tjahaja Purnama

Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (EYD: Basuki Cahaya Purnama, Hakka Chinese: ; born 29 June 1966), also known as Ahok, is an Indonesian politician, and businessperson. He is the current Governor of Jakarta, serving officially since 19 November 2014. He is the first governor to be a Christian and of ethnic Chinese descent.

Basuki Tjahaja Purnama was born in Manggar, Bangka Belitung of the Bangka–Belitung Islands province. He is married to Veronica Tan and has three children. He is a Protestant.

Divine Intervention

Divine Intervention is the sixth studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "Divine Intervention" was released on September 27, 1994 through American Recordings. Many of the song were inspired by television shows. The songs were also inspired by other things, like Rush Limbaugh, serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer, and vocalist Tom Araya's wife. Araya said that the album "came out of the past four years of hating life."

The album peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" 200. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA.

It is the first album to feature drummer Paul Bostaph, who replaced Slayer's original drummer Dave Lombardo.

Intercostal muscle

The intercostal muscles ("intercostales interni") are a group of skeletal muscles between the ribs. These muscles help expand and shrink the size of the chest cavity to help breathing.

When breathing in, the muscles of the diaphragm contract. This pulls the diaphragm downwards, and increases the volume of the thorax. At the same time, the external intercostal muscles contract. This pulls the ribcage upwards and outwards. This also increases the volume of the thorax. 

There are three main layers; 

Circumflex

The circumflex (^), also known as the caret, is a diacritic used in French and a few other languages. It is like a little hat over a vowel. Originally, the circumflex was an acute accent and a grave accent put together.

In French, the circumflex usually shows the loss of letter, usually the loss of the letter S. Example: maistre (Middle French) > maître (modern French). From here, its function is historical.

Also, less often, the circumflex is used to distinguish between homophones. These are words spelt the same, but with different meanings. Example: "sur" = on, but "sûr" = safe or certain. In those cases the pronunciation of the two words may be different.


Jimmy Greenspoon

Jimmy Greenspoon (February 7, 1948 – March 11, 2015) was an American keyboard player and composer. He was best known as a member of the band, Three Dog Night.

In 2014, Greenspoon was diagnosed with metastatic melanoma, and was forced to stop touring with Three Dog Night. He died from cancer in Montgomery County, Maryland, on March 11, 2015.

Frei Otto

Frei Paul Otto (31 May 1925 – 9 March 2015) was a German architect and structural engineer. He was noted for his use of lightweight structures, in particular tensile and membrane structures. 

He designed the roof of the Olympic Stadium in Munich which was created for the 1972 Summer Olympics. He won the RIBA Royal Gold Medal in 2006 and was awarded the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 2015.

Otto died on 9 March 2015; he was to be publicly announced as the winner of the 2015 Pritzker Prize on 23 March but his death meant the committee announced his award on 10 March. Otto himself had been told earlier that he had won the prize by the executive president of the committee, Martha Thorne. He was reported to have said "I’ve never done anything to gain this prize. Prizewinning is not the goal of my life. I try to help poor people, but what shall I say here — I’m very happy".

Maienfeld

Maienfeld is a town in the district of Landquart in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It is a tourist destination in the Alps. It is popular for its local wine. Maienfeld was the setting of the story "Heidi".


Cermet

A cermet is a ceramic material, like porcelain or clay, mixed with a metal, like steel or copper. They are long lasting, tough composite materials that are stress resistant and produce little friction. Cermets also have the properties of metals. They can conduct electricity. Like metals cermets are somewhat malleable.

East York

East York may mean one of two places:


Interchange station

An interchange station or a transfer station is a train station for more than one railway route in a public transport system that allows passengers to change from one route to another, often without having to leave a station or pay an additional ticket.

Transfer may occur within the same railway network, or between different railway networks (e.g. transfer between a metro rail network, a suburban rail network or a tram network), or to buses (for stations with bus termini attached). Such stations usually have more platforms than single route stations. These stations can exist in city centers and in suburbs. Interchange stations are most common in metro and suburban rail networks.

2010 (movie)

2010 (known also as 2010: The Year We Make Contact) is a 1984 science fiction movie. It was both directed and produced by Peter Hyams. "2010" was released on December 7, 1984. It is based on the Arthur C. Clarke novel "" and is the sequel to the 1968 movie "".

The movie got mixed to positive reviews from critics. It has a 66% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert rated the movie three out of four stars and said that it "doesn't match the poetry and the mystery of the original film" and that it "has an ending that is infuriating, not only in its simplicity, but in its inadequacy to fulfill the sense of anticipation, the sense of wonder we felt at the end of 2001". He finished his review by "And yet the truth must be told: This is a good movie. Once we've drawn our lines, once we've made it absolutely clear that 2001 continues to stand absolutely alone as one of the greatest movies ever made, once we have freed 2010 of the comparisons with Kubrick's masterpiece, what we are left with is a good-looking, sharp-edged, entertaining, exciting space opera".

In 1985, the movie was nominated for five Academy Awards in the categories of Best Art Direction, Best Makeup, Best Visual Effects, Best Costume Design, and Best Sound Presentation.


Erol Büyükburç

Erol Büyükburç (8 August 1936 - 12 March 2015) was a Turkish pop music composer and singer. In 1961, he composed his best known hit "Little Lucy". He also wrote the lyrics of this melody. He was born in Adana.

Büyükburç was found dead in his home in İstanbul, Turkey. He was 78 years old. He died of a heart attack.

LAN Airlines

LAN Airlines was a Chilean airline based in Santiago. It was the largest airline in Chile and it's Peruvian subsidiary was the largest airline in Peru. It was a member of the Oneworld alliance. The name "LAN" is an acronym in Spanish for "Línea Aérea Nacional", meaning "National Airline". The airline took-over Brazil's TAM Airlines in 2012, forming the LATAM Airlines Group. Their seperate corporate identites merged in 2016 to create LATAM Airlines.

Michael Graves

Michael Graves (July 9, 1934 - March 12, 2015) was an American architect. Graves was known first for his contemporary building designs and some prominent public commissions, such as the Portland Building and the Denver Public Library. Graves was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.

Since 2003, Graves was paralyzed from the waist down as a result of a spinal cord infection.


Muwahhidism

The Muwahidin or Muwahid Muslims are a Muslim restoration movement that accepts mainstream Islam. The place an emphasis on the concept of tawhid. Muwahidists believe that the Muslim faith has gradually been mixed with many cultural traditions. They want to bring the Muslim faith back to its original foundations. This means the worship of Allah. They acknowledge the five Pillars of Islam.


The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror

The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, commonly known as Tower of Terror, is a classic Disney amusement park attraction. The ride is an elevator that drops and rises several times. It is like riding an elevator that fails while people are on it. The theme of the ride is based

There are currently four versions. Three are based on the TV show "The Twilight Zone".


"Guests" get on what appears to be an old "freight elevator". The elevator car goes past several old hallways. It passes what appear to be ghosts of former guests. Next the ride enters a dark vertical shaft. Suddenly the elevator snaps upward and with the sounds and sparks of the elevator cables breaking it plunges downward. It freefalls 13 floors down before stopping. Then it climbs, stops, falls again and repeats the process. People outside the ride can hear the riders screaming in terror. The ride attracts thrill-seekers who ride again and again. Each time the ride is a little different.

People must be at least 40 inches (102 cm) tall to enter the ride. Wheelchairs and mobility scooters must be left behind (users must be strong enough to stand). Anyone suffering from neck, back, or heart problems, motion sickness or claustrophobia are advised not to ride. Pregnant women may not ride. Anyone with a fear of heights or fear of falling may want to avoid this ride as well.


Capsule

A pharmaceutical capsule is an easy way to take medication. Capsules may contain powder, liquid or oil. The outer shell is made of hard or soft gelatin. Capsules come in different shapes and colors to identify dose or what company made them. They are also available as timed release which work over a period of time. Capsules should usually be taken whole. Capsules should also not be crushed without first checking to see if it is safe. 

Soft gelatin capsules are airtight-sealed one-piece capsules containing a liquid or a semisolid fill without a bubble of air or gas. They are made from a more flexible, gelatin film plasticized by the addition of glycerine, sorbital, etc.

As with hard gelatin capsules, soft gelatin capsules are mostly given orally. Some can be formulated and manufactured to produce a number of different drug delivery systems such as



You Know You're Right

"You Know You're Right" is the first song off American grunge band Nirvana's self-titled 2002 compilation album. The song was released on October 8, 2002. It was the last song that was recorded by Nirvana, before Kurt Cobain's death.

On the "Billboard" charts, "You Know You're Right" was able to peak at #1 on the Mainstream Rock, #1 on the Alternative Songs, and #45 on the Hot 100 charts.

There was a legal battle between Cobain's widow Courtney Love and Nirvana bandmates Dave Grohl and Krist Novoselic. Both Grohl and Novoselic wanted to use the song for a Nirvana box-set that was planned but Love did not allow this and blocked it from being released. Love said that the song would have been "wasted" by using for a box set, and said that it would be better-suited for a single-disc collection. The lawsuit was settled in September 2002 and it announced that "You Know You're Right" would arrive on "a one-CD history of the band" called "Nirvana" later that year.


Beth Tweddle

Elizabeth "Beth" Kimberly Tweddle MBE (born 1 April 1985) is a retired British gymnast. She is the most successful British gymnast, male or female, in the history of the sport. She was the first female gymnast from Great Britain to win a medal at the European Championships, World Championships, and Olympic Games. Tweddle is a three-time Olympian. She is the 2012 Olympic bronze medalist on uneven bars. Tweddle is also the 2006 World uneven bars champion, the 2009 World floor exercise champion, and the 2010 World uneven bars champion. Tweddle retired in August 2013.

Tweddle was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. She moved to Bunbury, Cheshire at 18 months old.

Kimberlite

Kimberlite is an igneous rock best known for sometimes containing diamonds. It is named after the town of Kimberley in South Africa. The discovery of a big diamond in 1871 started a "diamond rush". This resulted in the Big Hole, a large open mine.

Kimberlite occurs in the Earth's crust in vertical structures known as "pipes" as well as igneous dykes and sills. Kimberlite pipes are the most important source of mined diamonds today. Kimberlites form deep with the Earth's mantle. Formation occurs at depths between Kimberlite material is erupted rapidly and violently, often with considerable carbon dioxide and other volatile components. 

Kimberlite has attracted attention because it serves as a carrier of diamonds and garnet peridotite mantle xenoliths to the Earth's surface. The study of kimberlite has the potential to provide information about the composition of the lower mantle. Little is known about melting processes at or near the interface between the cratonic continental lithosphere and the underlying convecting asthenospheric mantle.

Chickasaw

The Chickasaw are a Native American people. They are from the Southeastern Woodlands of North America. Before Europeans came to America, they lived in the area of Mississippi, Alabama, and Tennessee. They speak the Chickasaw language. This language is in the Muskogean language family. The Chickasaw are federally recognized as the Chickasaw Nation.

The Chickasaw first lived in western North America. Before the first European contact, they moved to east of the Mississippi River. They settled mostly in what is now northeast Mississippi. They were living here when European explorers and traders came. They had relationships with the French, English and Spanish during the colonial years. The United States considered the Chickasaw one of the Five Civilized Tribes. The tribe had advanced social structures and did many things that European Americans did. The US forced them to sell their land in 1832. They also forced them to move to the Indian Territory (Oklahoma) during the 1830s.

Most Chickasaw now live in Oklahoma. The Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma is the 13th largest federally recognized tribe in the United States. Its members are related to the Choctaw and share a common history with them. The Chickasaw are divided into two groups: the "Impsaktea" and the "Intcutwalipa". They traditionally followed a system of matrilineal descent. Some property was controlled by women. Leadership in the tribe passed from a mother to her children.

The name "chickasaw" originally belonged to a Chickasaw leader. "Chickasaw" is the English spelling of "Chikashsha" (). This means "rebel" or "comes from Chicsa".

The origin of the Chickasaw is not known for certain. Twentieth-century scholars, such as the archeologist Patricia Galloway, think that the Chickasaw and Choctaw came from the Plaquemine culture and other groups whose ancestors had lived in the Lower Mississippi Valley for thousands of years. The Chickasaw and Choctaw then became distinct peoples in the 17th century. When Europeans first encountered them, the Chickasaw were living in villages in present-day South Carolina and northeastern Mississippi.

The Chickasaw may have been migrants to the area. Their oral history says that they moved from west of the Mississippi River into present-day Mississippi in prehistoric times.

Another version of the Chickasaw creation story is that they came out of the ground at "Nanih Waiya," a great mound built about 300 CE by Woodland peoples.

In 1540 the Spanish explorer Hernando De Soto encountered the ancestors of the Chickasaw and stayed in one of their towns. After various disagreements, the American Indians attacked the De Soto expedition in a nighttime raid, nearly destroying it. The Spanish moved on quickly.

The Chickasaw began to buy guns from the British after the colony of Carolina was founded in 1670. They used these weapons to raid the Choctaw. They captured some members and sold them into Indian slavery to the British. When the Choctaw started buying guns from the French, the slave raids stopped.

Allied with the British, the Chickasaw had battles with the French and the Choctaw in the 18th century, such as in the Battle of Ackia on May 26, 1736. They continued until France was defeated by the British in the Seven Years' War (called the French and Indian War in North America).

After the American Revolutionary War, the Chickasaw were allies of the new United States and fought against the Indians of the old Northwest Territory. The Shawnee and other Northwest Indians were defeated in the Battle of Fallen Timbers on August 20, 1794.

George Washington (first U.S. President) and Henry Knox (first U.S. Secretary of War) proposed the cultural transformation of Native Americans. Washington believed that Native Americans were equals of white people, but that their society was not as good. He came up with a policy to "civilize" them, and Thomas Jefferson continued it. Washington's plan included impartial justice toward Indians; regulated buying of Indian lands; promotion of experiments to civilize or improve Indian society; and punishing those who violated Indian rights.
The government appointed Indian agents. They lived among the Indians to teach them how to live like whites. In the 19th century, the Chickasaw increasingly adopted European-American practices, as they established schools, adopted yeoman farming practices, converted to Christianity, and built homes in styles like their European-American neighbors.

The Chickasaw signed the Treaty of Hopewell in 1786. This treaty officially recognized peace between the Chickasaw and the United States.

In 1818, the leaders of the Chickasaw signed a treaty giving up all land north of the southern border of Tennessee. The Chickasaw kept a four-square-mile reservation, but were required to lease the land to European immigrants.

The Chickasaw received $3 million U.S. dollars from the United States for their lands east of the Mississippi River. In 1836, the Chickasaw agreed to purchase land in Indian Territory from the Choctaw. They paid the Choctaw $530,000 for the western part of their land. For nearly 30 years, the US did not pay the Chickasaw the $3 million it owed them for their territory in the Southeast.

The Chickasaw gathered at Memphis, Tennessee, on July 4, 1837, with all of their portable assets: belongings, livestock, and enslaved African Americans. Three thousand and one Chickasaw crossed the Mississippi River. During the journey, often called the Trail of Tears by all the Southeast tribes that had to make it, more than 500 Chickasaw died of dysentery and smallpox.

When the Chickasaw reached Indian Territory, the United States merged them with the Choctaw nation. The Chickasaw wrote their own constitution in the 1850s.

The Chickasaw Nation became allies of the Confederate States of America in 1861. They did this because the United States government had forced them off their lands and did not protect them against the Plains tribes in the West. Confederate officials suggested that the American Indian tribes would receive an independent Indian state if the Confederacy won.

At the beginning of the American Civil War, Albert Pike was made the Confederate envoy to Native Americans. He negotiated several treaties, including the Treaty with Choctaws and Chickasaws in July 1861. The treaty covered many things, such as the sovereignty of the Choctaw and Chickasaw nation, the possibility of citizenship in the Confederate States of America, and a delegate in the House of Representatives of the Confederate States of America. Because the Chickasaw sided with the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War, they had to give up some of their land after the war. The US also freed all the slaves owned by the Chickasaw. Members of the Chickasaw who returned to the United States were given US citizenship.

Because the Chickasaw were on the side of the Confederacy during the Civil War, the United States government made a new peace treaty with them in 1866. It required that they free their slaves and give citizenship to freed slaves who wanted to stay in the Chickasaw Nation. The freed slaves and their descendants became known as the Chickasaw Freedmen. However, the Chickasaw Nation did not give citizenship to the Chickasaw Freedmen. Descendants of the Freedmen continue to live in Oklahoma.

The Chaloklowa Chickasaw Indian People were recognized as a "state-recognized group" by South Carolina in 2005. Their headquarters is in Hemingway, South Carolina. In 2003, they asked the US Department of the Interior Bureau of Indian Affairs for federal recognition, but they did not receive it.

In the twentieth century, the Chickasaw became independent from the Choctaw and re-established their government. They are now federally recognized as the Chickasaw Nation. The tribe's government is headquartered in Ada, Oklahoma.

Chiefs have the suffix "-mingo" at the end of their names. For example, "Tishomingo" was the name of a famous Chickasaw chief.

In 2010, the tribe opened the Chickasaw Cultural Center in Sulphur, Oklahoma.


Vincennes

Vincennes is a commune in France. Right next to Paris, with about 50.000 people. Today, the city is known for the Château de Vincennes, which was there before the city, and which has an important role in the history of France. The city also gave its name to the Bois de Vincennes, the largest park in Paris.

Dean Hess

Dean Elmer Hess (December 6, 1917 – March 2, 2015) was an American minister and United States Air Force colonel. He was involved in the so-called "Kiddy Car Airlift". It was the rescue of 950 orphans and 80 orphanage staff from the path of the Chinese advance during the Korean War on December 20, 1950.


Magda Guzmán

María Magdalena Guzmán Garza (16 May 1931 – 12 March 2015), better known as Magda Guzmán, was a Mexican movie and television actress. She was known for her role in "Amor Bravío" as Refugio Chávez.

Guzmán died in Mexico City, Mexico from a heart attack, aged 83.

Daevid Allen

Christopher David Allen (13 January 1938 – 13 March 2015), better known as Daevid Allen, sometimes credited as Divided Alien, was an Australian poet, guitarist, singer, composer and performance artist. He was co-founder of psychedelic rock groups Soft Machine (in the UK, 1966) and Gong (in France, 1970).

Allen died of neck cancer at his home in Sydney, New South Wales, aged 77.

Irwin Hasen

Irwin Hasen (July 8, 1918 – March 13, 2015) was an American cartoonist. He was best known as the co-creator (with Gus Edson) of the "Dondi" comic strip. He was born in New York City.

Hasen died at his home in New York City, aged 96.

Hyundai Santa Fe

Hyundai Santa Fe is a mid sized crossover utility vehicle sold by the South Korean automaker Hyundai. It was introduced in 2000 as a mid-sized SUV. It initially replaced the Hyundai Galloper (a badge engineered Mitsubishi Pajero). Beginning in 2006 it was redesigned as a unibody frame crossover utility vehicle. It slots above both the compact Hyundai Tucson and mid sized Hyundai Veracruz. In 2013 the vehicle was given a long wheel-base model allowing third row seating, replacing the Veracruz in many countries (however it is still produced in South Korea)

Aneurysm (song)

"Aneurysm" is a song by American grunge band Nirvana. The song was released in 1996. It was released in two studio versions, as well as a live version that was featured on the album "Muddy Banks of the Wishkah" and was released in 1996 as a promotional single.

On the "Billboard" charts, "Aneurysm" was able to peak at #11 on the Mainstream Rock, #13 on the Alternative Songs, and #63 on the Radio Songs charts.

The first studio version of "Aneurysm" was recorded on 1 January 1991 by producer Craig Montgomery and it appeared on the 1991 single "Smells Like Teen Spirit" as a b-side. The second studio version of the song was recorded on 9 November 1991 at Maida Vale Studios for Mark Goodier's BBC session and it was first aired on 18 November 1991. A live performance of the song by Nirvana was recorded in 1991 at Del Mar Fairgrounds, California. It was released later as a promotional single in 1996 on the live album "From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah".


Douglas Rain

Douglas Rain (March 13, 1928 – November 11, 2018) was a Canadian actor and narrator.

He was known for providing the voice of the HAL 9000 computer in the movie "" and the sequel "2010".

He decided to study acting at the Banff School of Fine Arts in Banff, Alberta and the Old Vic School in Bristol, England. He was nominated for a Tony Award in the category of Best Supporting or Featured Actor (Dramatic) for his performance in "Vivat! Vivat Regina!".

Rain died in November 11, 2018 at the age of 90 at a hospital in St. Marys, Ontario of natural causes.




Las Estrellas

Las Estrellas is one of the main television networks of Televisa. It has affiliate television stations all over Mexico. Its flagship station is XEW-TDT in Mexico City.

Las Estrellas International is available as a pay television network in Europe and Australia as Canal de las Estrellas Europa and Canal de las Estrellas Latinoamerica in Central and South America through Televisa Networks. Both feeds differ from the Canal de las Estrellas programming, usually broadcasting shows weeks behind their original broadcast.

In Canada, XEW-TDT and the Las Estrellas schedule is available in full on Rogers Cable (limited to the Greater Toronto Area) and Bell Fibe TV as an eligible foreign service.

Weekday programming in the afternoon and prime time consists of telenovelas. Las Estrellas airs sports programming and sports specials like the Olympic Games and the FIFA World Cup. Morning and afternoon programming consists of news, sports, talk shows, and variety shows. Night time programming is filled with a news program and Univision-produced shows. Examples of shows produced by Las Estrellas are "Recuerda y Gana", "Hoy", "El Juego de las Estrellas", and "Cuéntamelo ya". The network also produces and airs the "Premios TVyNovelas", sponsored by the Televisa-owned magazine of the same name and considered the highest honor in the domestic Mexican television industry.

Lado a Lado

Lado a Lado (Side by Side) is a Brazilian telenovela. It is produced by Rede Globo. In November 2013, "Lado a Lado" won an International Emmy Award for best telenovela.


Julie Bishop (politician)

Julie Isabel Bishop (born 17 July 1956) is an Australian politician. She was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 18 September 2013 to 26 August 2018. She also served as Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party from 29 November 2007 to 24 August 2018. For her efforts made in the aftermath of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, she was given a medal of merit by the Netherlands at the NATO summit in Newport, Wales. Since 2019, she has been the chancellor of the Australian National University (ANU).

Bishop was born in Lobethal, South Australia. She was married to Neil Gillon from 1983 until 1988. She is a Christian.

Iriana

Iriana (born 1 October 1963), also known as Iriana Joko Widodo, is the wife of the current President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo, and the First Lady of Indonesia since 20 October 2014.

Iriana was born in Surakarta, Central Java. She is a Muslim. She has been married to Widodo since 24 December 1986. They have three children.

Lincoln Lewis

Lincoln Clay Lewis (born 24 October 1987) is an Australian actor. He is best known for his roles in "Tomorrow, When the War Began", "Home and Away" and "SLiDE".

Lewis was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He is the son of Wally Lewis, a former rugby league player.

Cumberland River

The Cumberland River is a major waterway of the Southern United States. The -long river goes through of southern Kentucky and north-central Tennessee. The river flows generally west from a source in the Appalachian Mountains. It merges with the Ohio River near Paducah, Kentucky, and the mouth of the Tennessee River.

Television station

A television station is a commercial business or organization that transmits their signals directly to television receivers (TV sets). It usually has a studio for making TV shows. Television transmissions can be broadcast using analog television signals or digital television signals. Broadcast television standards are set by the government. These standards vary around the world. Analog television stations usually broadcast their signals on one television channel. Digital television stations broadcast their signals over one or more subchannels.

The term "television stations" is normally applied to earth-based television stations and not to cable television or satellite television broadcasting. Television stations usually require a broadcast license from a government agency. That agency sets the rules which television stations must follow. In the United States, for example, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licenses television channels.

In the United States, stations are normally either "affiliates" or "independants". Affiliates are stations that are a part of a network. Most networks are nation-wide. Affiliates get much of the programs that they broadcast from the network. It is common for affiliates to broadcast the programs it gets from the network during the primetime hours of 8pm to 11pm and broadcast syndicated or local programing during the rest of the day. Local programing often includes local news, weather and traffic reports. Independant station are not a part of a larger network. They normally provide locally created or syndicated programs and movies.

For example, KTLA is the CW affiliate in Los Angeles. They broadcast programs that are provided to them by the national network The CW. It also broadcast locally created sports and news programs.

Luxembourg Palace

The Luxembourg Palace (known in French as the Palais du Luxembourg) is a former royal palace in Paris, France. Since 1958 it has been the seat of the French Senate of the Fifth Republic.

The palace was originally built in 1612 by Marie de' Medici on lands she owned. The design was based on buildings from her native Florence. The building is often compared to the far larger Palazzo Pitti where Queen Marie was born in 1575. In 1642, Marie left the Luxembourg to her second and favourite son, Gaston, Duke of Orléans. He called it the "Palais d'Orléans" but it was still known by its original name. Upon Gaston's death, the palace passed to his widow, Marguerite of Lorraine. Then it passed to his elder daughter by his first marriage, La Grande Mademoiselle. In 1660, Anne de Montpensier sold the Luxembourg to her younger half-sister, Élisabeth Marguerite d'Orléans, Duchess of Guise. The Duchess, in turn, gave it to her cousin, king Louis XIV, in 1694. In 1717 Philippe, Duke of Orléans, Regent of France gave the palace to his favourite daughter the Duchess of Berry. The building became infamous for the duchess's parties and sexual activities. She also hosted Peter the great there in 1717. The pregnancies of the young widow make scandal. At the end of March 1719, a new confinement badly prepared by her excesses, goes very badly. On the verge of death, she begs for extreme unction, which the church refuses her. On April 2, she is delivered of a stillborn child. Disgraced by the rumors of this birth, which all Paris talks about, the princess does not recover and dies in July at the castle of La Muette. At the autopsy, the doctors find her pregnant once again.
Sometime after the French Revolution it became a prison. During World War II it was a headquarters for the Luftwaffe.

<br>

Raif Dizdarević

Raif Dizdarević (born 9 December 1926) is a Bosniak former politician. Dizdarević was born in Fojnica. During World War II, he fought in the armed resistance in the Partisans.

After the war, as a member of the Communist Party and friend of Josip Broz Tito, he became a strong political leader. From 1945 he was a member of the Department of State Security.

Borisav Jović

Borisav Jović (, ; 19 October 1928 – 13 September 2021) was a Serbian communist politician. He served as the Serbian member of the presidency of Yugoslavia during the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Jović died on 13 September 2021 at a military hospital in Belgrade, Serbia from COVID-19 at the age of 92.

Claude Sitton

Claude Fox Sitton (December 4, 1925 – March 10, 2015) was an American newspaper reporter and editor. He worked for "The New York Times" during the 1950s and 1960s, eventually becoming the paper's national editor. He served as editorial director of "Raleigh News and Observer" and "Raleigh Times". Sitton won the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1983.

Sitton died in hospice care in Atlanta, Georgia, from congestive heart failure at the age of 89. He is survived by his wife of 61 years, Eva Whetstone, and four children.

Federal Communications Commission

The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent agency of the United States government. It was created by the United States Congress (Communications Act of 1934) to regulate communications. This includes radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories. While it is an independent agency, the FCC does report to Congress. The FCC took over wire communication regulation from the Interstate Commerce Commission in 1934.
The FCC has five commissioners who are appointed by the President of the United States. Their 5-year appointment is confirmed by the Senate. One commissioner is selected to serve as chairperson by the president. The rules state that only three of the five may be from the same political party. No commissioner may have any financial interest in any business regulated by the FCC.

The FCC is organized into bureaus.


Ada Jafri

Ada Jafarey (22 August 1924 – 12 March 2015) was a Pakistani poet. She is thought to be as the first major Urdu poet who published as a woman. She had been called "The First Lady of Urdu Poetry". She had received awards including from the Government of Pakistan and literary societies of North America and Europe in recognition of her efforts.

Jafarey died in the evening of 12 March 2015 in a hospital in Karachi where she was being treated for a long-illness, at the age of 90.


Tobin Bell

Tobin Bell (born Joseph Henry Tobin, Jr.; August 7, 1942) is an American character actor. He is best known for his role of John Kramer/Jigsaw of the "Saw" movie series.


Intercourse, Pennsylvania

Intercourse (population: 1,494 as of 2020 census) is an unincorporated village and census-designated place in Leacock Township, Lancaster County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.

IFK Nässjö

IFK Nässjö is a sports club in the town of Nässjö in Sweden. It was established in 1924. The men's bandy team played in the 1944 qualifying rounds for the Swedish top division before being disestablished in 1968.

The women's bandy section was started in 2004 when it took over Nässjö IF's women's bandy team. The IFK Nässjö women's bandy team won the Swedish national championship in the year of 2009 and lost the national final in the years of 2008 and 2010. All three final games were played against AIK. The U-17 girls bandy team also won the Swedish national championship during the seasons of 2004-2005 and 2005-2006.

The club was appointed "IFK club of the year 2006" on 18 August 2007.

The club announced its withdrawal from the Swedish women's bandy top division on 23 August 2011 because of lack of players.


Maggie Roswell

Maggie Roswell (born November 14, 1952) is an American actress. She got both an Annie Award and an Emmy Award. She voiced the characters Maude Flanders, Miss Hoover and Helen Lovejoy in the animated series "The Simpsons". She got her acting break during the 1980s in movies including "Lost in America" and "Pretty in Pink".

The actress was born in Los Angeles, California.

Marinilabiliaceae

"Marinilabiliaceae" is a family of bacteria. The cells are flexible rods and thin. Mostly species are able to move smoothly.

Some genera:

Selånger SK

Selånger SK is a sports club in the town of Sundsvall in Sweden. It was established in 1921. The club runs bandy, soccer, Nordic skiing, orienteering and ski orienteering. It earlier even ran table tennis, cycling, track and field athletics, racewalking, handball and figure skating. The men's bandy team has played 26 seasons in the Swedish top division.

The club had an extra annual meeting on 19 June 1991. There it was decided to make the club became an alliance club starting on 1 October that year. It has three sections: Selånger SK Bandy, Selånger FK and Selånger SOK. Sven Selånger, Anna-Lisa Eriksson and Arja Hannus are the names of three famous skiers who have competed for the club.

Interstate Commerce Commission

The Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) was a regulatory agency in the United States (created by the Interstate Commerce Act of 1887). The agency's original purpose was to regulate railroads. Later the trucking industry in the United States was added. The purpose was to ensure fair rates, to eliminate rate discrimination, and to regulate other aspects of common carriers. This included public transport bus service and telephone companies. Congress expanded ICC authority to regulate other modes of commerce beginning in 1906. The agency was abolished in 1995, and its remaining functions were transferred to the Surface Transportation Board.

The Commission's five members were appointed by the President of the United States. They were confirmed by the United States Senate. The commission was authorized to investigate violations of the Act and stop any wrongdoing. However, in its early years, ICC orders required an order by a federal court to become effective. The Commission was the first Independent regulatory body. They were also the first agency to regulate big businesses in the U.S.

Rick Victor

Eric Thompson (born December 4, 1980) is a Canadian professional wrestler currently working for the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), under the ring name Zyon. He is best known for his time in WWE under the ring names Rick Victor and Viktor. He was a part of the tag team The Ascension with Konnor.

He is a former one-time NXT Tag Team Champion with Konnor. They were the longest reigning NXT Tag Team Champions of all time, holding the titles for 364 days.


Reg Strikes Back

Reg Strikes Back is the 21st studio album by Elton John and was released on 24 June 1988. It went to top 20 in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.


Betsy's Wedding

Betsy's Wedding is a 1990 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Alan Alda and produced by Martin Bregman. It stars Molly Ringwald as Betsy. Ally Sheedy plays Connie. Catherine O'Hara plays Gloria. Madeline Kahn plays Lola.

"Betsy's Wedding" got mixed reviews from critics. The run time is 94 minutes.


Peachtree Road

Peachtree Road is the twenty-eighth studio album by Elton John. The album was released on November 9, 2004. It lacked any big hit singles or music videos. The Los Angeles Times gave it three stars and a moderate review. They wrote "Forget about new melodies and themes: They must have trouble just thinking of new song titles." Entertainment Weekly gave it a B-. Their review said “Peachtree's few attempts to rock out are tame and hokey.” Overall, however the album got a score of 70. In sales it got a gold record.

Patriot Games

Patriot Games is a 1992 American action thriller movie. Harrison Ford plays retired CIA analyst Jack Ryan. Anne Archer plays his wife Cathy Ryan. Thora Birch plays his daughter Sally Ryan. Sean Bean plays the IRA terrorist who wants to avenge his brother's death by Jack Ryan during a failed assassination attempt, and kill Ryan and his family. This movie was released on June 5, 1992. It was a financial success at the box office. It got very good reviews. Its sequel is the 1994 movie "Clear and Present Danger".


Vivian Bullwinkel

Lieutenant-Colonel Vivian Bullwinkel, Mrs. Statham, AO, MBE, ARRC, FNM (18 December 1915 – 3 July 2000) was an Australian Army nurse during the Second World War. She was the only one alive from the Bangka Island Massacre. In that massacre, Japanese troops killed 21 of her fellow nurses on Radji Beach, Bangka Island (Indonesia) on 16 February 1942.

Japanese troops invaded British Malaya in December 1941. They went southward. They won several victories. By late January 1942, Japanese forces went through Johore. Australian hospital staff were told to get to Singapore. On 12 February, Bullwinkel and 65 other nurses boarded a steamship to escape.

Two days later, the ship was sunk by Japanese aircraft. Bullwinkel and many others made it ashore. There were about 100. They surrendered to the Japanese. An officer walked to Muntok, a town on the northwest of the island, to contact the Japanese.

In the Banka Island Massacre, Japanese soldiers came and killed the men. Then forced the nurses to go into the sea. They then machine-gunned the nurses from behind. Bullwinkel was struck by a bullet which passed completely through her body, missing her internal organs. She played dead until the soldiers left. She hid with British Army Private Cecil George Kingsley of the Royal Army Ordnance Corps for 12 days. She took care of his severe wounds. They were taken into captivity. Private Kingsley died soon after his wounds.

Östersunds BS

Östersunds BS is a bandy club in the town of Östersund in Sweden. It was established on 5 September 1974 when Ope IF's bandy section was disestablished. The women's bandy team debuted in the Swedish top division during the season of 2013-2014.


Sporosarcina

Sporosarcina is a genus of bacteria.

The cells of "Sporosarcina" are either shaped like a rod or like a bowl (coccoid). Most species are able to move (motile). All species of "Sporosarcina" are capable of aerobic respiration using oxygen. Some species have the enzyme urease and can break down urea. The species "S. ureae" is common in the soil where cattle live.

BK Ume-Trixa

BK Ume-Trixa is a sports club in Umeå, Sweden. It was established in 1981. The club earlier played rink bandy and bandy. It now instead runs women's ice hockey. The women's bandy team played seven seasons in the Swedish top division.


Schwerte

Schwerte is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 48,000 people live there. Schwerte is in the Ruhr valley just north of the mountainous Sauerland region. The Ruhr river runs through the center of Schwerte. Schwerte is a popular cycling destination for tourists.

Schwerte received civic rights in the 12th century. It was a member of the medieval Hanseatic League. During World War II Schwerte housed a branch of the Buchenwald concentration camp. The camp held 710 prisoners.

In 2015 Schwerte officials have proposed housing refugees at the site of the former concentration camp. The plan has been criticized as a bad idea by many Germans including the premier of North Rhine-Westphalia. Officials say the buildings were built after the war and should not be a problem. Refugees coming to Germany include those from Syria, Afghanistan, Eritrea, Kosovo and Serbia.


Clostridia

The Clostridia are a class of Firmicutes, including "Clostridium" and other similar genera.

The Clostridia are obligate anaerobes. They lack aerobic respiration, and oxygen is toxic to them. Species of the genus "Clostridium" are all Gram-positive and can form spores.

Studies show they are not a monophyletic group. In fact, they are highly polyphyletic. Their relationships are not certain. Most are put in the Clostridiales, but is not a natural group. It is likely to be redefined in the future.

Most species of the genus "Clostridium" are saprophytic organisms found in many places, most notably the soil. However, the genus does contain some human pathogens.
The toxins produced by some members of the "Clostridium" genus are among the most dangerous known. Examples are tetanus toxin (known as tetanospasmin) produced by "C. tetani" and botulinum toxin produced by "C. botulinum".

Notable species of this class include:
Heliobacteria are also members of the class Clostridia.

Planococcaceae

The Planococcaceae are a family of gram-positive bacteria. Most of the species are capable of aerobic respiration using oxygen. Some others can live without oxygen, they are anaerobic organism.

Alicyclobacillaceae

The Alicyclobacillaceae are a family of gram-positive bacteria. Some of them are thermophiles, they can live at around . They also tolerate acidic pH levels of 1.5–5.5. They can make endospores. Alicyclobacillaceae are found in soil, water and in geothermal springs.

Deep, Deep Trouble

"Deep, Deep Trouble" is a 1990 song performed by Bart Simpson. It is about Bart getting in trouble. He is told to mow the lawn by father Homer Simpson. The song was from the 1990 album "The Simpsons Sing the Blues".

The song was released in early 1991. It charted in many countries. It reached #1 in Ireland.

Ana María Giunta

Ana María Giunta (1 March 1943 – 14 March 2015) was an Argentine actress. She was known for her roles in "S.O.S Gulubú" (1986), "A King and His Movie" (1986), and in "Eversmile, New Jersey" (1989). Giunta was born in Concepción del Uruguay, Argentina.

Giunta died in Buenos Aires, Argentina from respiratory failure, aged 72.

Narayan Desai

Narayan Desai (24 December 1924 – 15 March 2015) was an Indian Gandhian and author. He was the son of Mahatma Gandhi's personal secretary and biographer Mahadev Desai. He was born in Bulsar (now Valsad), Gujarat. During his career, he wrote many books about the ideas and life of Gandhi. 

Desai died in Surat, India from a short-illness, aged 90.

Valentin Rasputin

Valentin Grigoriyevich Rasputin (; 15 March 193714 March 2015) was a Russian writer. He was born and lived much of his life in the Irkutsk Oblast in Eastern Siberia. 

Rasputin's works show rootless urban characters and the fight for survival of centuries-old traditional rural ways of life. Rasputin's work are about the hard questions of ethics and spiritual revival.

Rasputin died a day short of his 78th birthday on 14 March 2015 in Moscow.

Mike Porcaro

Michael Joseph Porcaro (May 29, 1955 – March 15, 2015) was an American bass player known for his work with Toto. He retired from touring in 2007 because he was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease. 

He was the middle son of Joe Porcaro. His elder brother was Jeff Porcaro. His younger brother is Steve Porcaro.

Porcaro died from complications of ALS in his sleep at his home in Los Angeles, California, aged 59.

Ruhr

The Ruhr is a river in western Germany. It flows into the Rhine River.
It is long. The Ruhr begins near the town of Winterberg and flows into the Rhine River near Düsseldorf. Winterberg is located in the Sauerland region and Düsseldorf lies in North Rhine-Westphalia in the west of Germany. It runs through Arnsberg, Iserlohn, Schwerte, Bochum and Essen, among other cities. 

Several Ruhr-area cities joined the Hanseatic league during the middle ages. The Ruhr became a center for business and industry. Beginning in the mid 14th century coal was mined along the Ruhr. It became a center for coal and steel production in Germany for over 200 years. In the mid 20th century coal and steel industries came to an end. The buildings were then used for cultural events and entertainment purposes.

Arrondissements of the Landes department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Landes department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of Landes are:

Since its creation, the Landes department has had few changes:

Arrondissement of Dax

The arrondissement of Dax is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Landes "département". Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Dax.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Dax was one of them in the Landes department.

The "arrondissement" of Dax is in the southwest of the Landes department; it has an area of , and a population of 220,656 inhabitants; its population density is of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north and east by the "arrondissement" of Mont-de-Marsan, to the south by the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department and to the west by the Bay of Biscay (Atlantic Ocean).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Dax, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Côte d'Argent and Pays morcenais tarusate. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Dax has 152 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Mont-de-Marsan

The arrondissement of Mont-de-Marsan is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Landes "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Mont-de-Marsan.

When the Landes department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Mont-de-Marsan was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement of Mont-de-Marsan" is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the largest of the department. It has 179,821 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Gironde department, to the northeast by the Lot-et-Garonne department, to the east by the Gers department (Occitanie region), to the south by the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Dax and the Atlantic Ocean.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Mont-de-Marsan, there are two canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Côte d'Argent and Pays morcenais tarusate. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Mont-de-Marsan has 178 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Dax, Landes

Dax ("Dacs" in Gascon) is a commune in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France, sub-prefecture of the Landes department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Dax and of 2 "cantons" in the department: Dax-1 and Dax-2.

It is well-known spa town, specialising in mud treatment for rheumatism and similar medical problems.

Dax was first established by the Romans, and its name was "Civitas Aquensium". In the Middle Ages, it was administered by viscounts until 1177. when Henry II Plantagenet, later King of England, got the Aquitaine. Dax remained under the English rule until 1451, when it was conquered by the French troops before the end of the Hundred Years' War.

Dax is, in straight line, at about from the beaches of southern Landes, from Bayonne, from Bordeaux, from Mont-de-Marsan and from Pau.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city of Dax is mainly on the left side of the Adour river.

The climate of Dax is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Dax are known, in French, as "Dacquois" (women: "Dacquoises").

With a population of 20,485, Dax has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Dax

Dax forms, with 12 other "communes", the urban area of Dax with a population of 49,853 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Dax, formed by 31 "communes", with a population of 64,937 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Dax is a subprefecture of the Landes department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Dax and the administrative centre () of two "cantons":

Dax is twinned with:





Cyclone Pam

Cyclone Pam is a 2015 Pacific Ocean tropical cyclone. The storm caused major devastation in Vanuatu. It is the second most intense storm according to pressure, after Cyclone Zoe in 2002. The storm has killed many people and caused heavy damage.

Pam formed March 6 east of the Solomon Islands. It reached Category 5 on Saffir-Simpson Scale. It caused damaging storm surges in certain areas.

Andrea Zorzi

Andrea Zorzi (born July 29, 1965 in Noale, Province of Venice) is an Italian retired volleyball player, who won two World Championships with the Italy men's national volleyball team (1990 and 1994). He was popularly known as Zorro.

After his debut in Bormio in 1986, he totalled 325 caps with Italian national team. He was a silver medalist in the 1996 Summer Olympics and also competed at the 1988 and 1992 games. Playing for almost all the major volleyball clubs of Italy, including Maxicono Parma and Sisley Treviso, he won several titles: these include two Italian Championships (1990, 1996) and one European Champions League in 1995. In 1991 he was declared World's Best Player by FIVB.


Anthony Minichiello

Anthony Minichiello (born 24 May 1980) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer. He played his entire career (2000–14) for the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League, captaining them for his final two seasons. He played more games and scored the most tries for the club than any other player in its history. He played in six grand finals, winning two in 2002 and 2013.

Minichiello was born in Liverpool, in south-west Sydney, New South Wales. He is of Italian ancestry. His younger brother, Mark, also plays rugby league. He has been married to shoe designer Terry Biviano since January 2012. In December 2013, their daughter, Azura Trésor, was born.


Yacht

A yacht (pronounced "yot") is a type of boat which is mainly used for recreation. It usually has a cabin, so it does not need to return to the harbour overnight. Originally, yachts were sailing-boats, but now there are also motor yachts. The name comes from the Dutch word "jachtschip", which originally meant "hunting-boat" or "fast boat". Yachts have a fixed keel.
A yacht can vary in size from about 20 feet (6 metres) to 200 feet (60 metres) or more.

Most privately owned yachts fall in the range of about -; the cost of building and keeping a yacht rises quickly as length increases. In the United States, sailors tend to refer to smaller yachts as sailboats, while referring to the general sport of sailing as yachting. In sailboat racing, a yacht is any sailing vessel taking part in a race.

Dhoom

Dhoom () is a 2004 Indian Hindi-language action thriller movie. This movie was directed by Sanjay Gadhvi. This movie was produced by Aditya Chopra. Two sequels to the film titled Dhoom 2 and Dhoom 3 were released in 2006 and 2013. 
The story starts in the city of Mumbai, where a motorbike gang (a gang of robbers on hi-tech motorbikes, led by charismatic Kabir, is sweeping through Mumbai, outwitting the police at every turn) starts breaking into banks and other public places and vanishes onto the Western Express Highway.

Assistant Commissioner of Police Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), a no-nonsense cop, is called onto the case. Dixit seeks the help of a local bike dealer/racer named Ali Akbar Fateh Khan (Uday Chopra) and devises a trap to catch the gang, but it fails. Kabir (John Abraham), the leader of the gang, eventually taunts Dixit, claiming that Dixit can't catch him even if he is right in front of him. He is proven correct, and Dixit's failure apparently causes him to part ways with Ali.
Kabir then lures Ali into his gang as a substitute for Rohit, the gang member who was killed by Dixit. Ali falls in love with Sheena (Esha Deol), another gang member. The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist before disbanding forever. Kabir sets his eyes on the largest casino in all of India. Kabir and his gang swiftly loot the casino on New Year's Eve, but they soon realize that Dixit has led them right into a trap. It is revealed that Ali was working for Dixit the whole time, and a fight ensues.
Kabir manages to escape from Dixit and goes back to the gang's truck, where Ali has kept Sheena bound and gagged. Kabir then viciously beats up Ali for his betrayal, but Ali is saved by Dixit's timely arrival at the scene. The gang flees, except for Sheena, while Dixit and Ali give chase to Kabir. They kill all the other gang members except Kabir, who tries to escape on his bike. He is cornered by Dixit and Ali with nowhere to go. Kabir decides to take his own life rather than let Dixit arrest him, and he rides his bike over the edge of a cliff into the water to his death. The film ends with Dixit and Ali arguing with each other, albeit in a friendly way.


Aditya Chopra initially had car chases in mind instead of bikes, but Sanjay Gadhvi convinced him otherwise as the rider's faces can be seen, and he had a craze for bikes in his youth.


Abhishek Bachchan

Abhishek Bachchan (born 5 February 1976) is an Indian movie actor, producer and occasional playback singer. He is the son of famous Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan.

Bachcahn made his acting debut in 2000 with J. P. Dutta's war film, "Refugee".This was followed by over a dozen of films which were both critical and commercial disasters.His first commercial success came with the 2004 action film "Dhoom", which changed his career prospects. Bachchan later earned critical appreciation for his performances in films such as "Yuva" (2004), "Sarkar" (2005), and "Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna" (2006), all of which garnered him three consecutive Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.In 2007, he portrayed "Gurukant Desai" a character loosely based on Dhirubhai Ambani in Mani Ratnam's drama film "Guru", which earned him a nomination for Filmfare Award for Best Actor.

He was born in Bombay on February 5, 1976 in the family of the famous actor Amitabh Bachchan and actress Jaya Bhaduri. He studied in Switzerland, at the prestigious private school Aiglon College.

In 2000, Abhishek made his debut in Forsaken, directed by J.P. Dutt. The film was not a commercial success, but received critical acclaim for its performance.

In 2004, the movie "Bikers" was released, where he played a Mumbai police officer looking for a gang of robbers on motorcycles. The film became a "blockbuster" and his next works "All is not Lost" and "Dance Inspiration" were also commercial success.

In 2006, in the film "Never Say Goodbye", Abhishek played the role of Rishi Talvar, whose wife has an affair on the side. 

From 2010 to 2012, four films with his participation failed at the box office.


Dhoom 2

Dhoom 2 () is a 2006 Hindi-language action thriller movie. 
The movie was directed by Sanjay Gadhvi. It was produced by Aditya Chopra. The movie stars Hrithik Roshan, Abhishek Bachchan, Aishwarya Rai, Uday Chopra and Bipasha Basu in the lead roles. It is the second installment in the "Dhoom" series. It was released on November 24, 2006 and was generally well received by critics and audiences. In addition, it was a blockbuster at the box office. It became the highest-grossing Indian movie of 2006. and the highest-grossing Bollywood movie of all time as well at the time of its release. It is the seventh-highest grossing Bollywood movie in overseas markets. A sequel titled "Dhoom 3" was released on 20 December 2013, which also went on to become the twelfth-highest-grossing Hindi film to date, and the highest-grossing Hindi film of all time as well at the time of its release.

In the Namib Desert. "Mr. A" skydives onto a train that is carrying the Queen Elizabeth II, where he steals her crown by disguising himself as the Queen, beats her guards easily, and escapes. ACP Jai Dixit and the newly promoted SI Ali Akbar Khan are introduced to Shonali Bose, a special officer assigned to investigate Mr. A's case, who also happens to be Jai's former classmate. After the initial investigation, Jai analyses the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists and concludes that the theft will follow in one of two famous Mumbai city museums. When Jai realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be imperfect, he rushes to the other museum, where a disguised Mr. A steals a rare diamond and escapes. 

While he is about to catch a flight, Mr. A sees on the TV that someone else claiming to be himself, challenges the cops by saying that he will steal an ancient warrior sword. In response, Jai, Bose, and Khan enforce a strict guard at the location of the sword. At night, Mr. A meets the real thief, the one who made the claim on TV, in the room that holds the sword. The police are alerted, but they manage to steal the sword, Shonali is injured in the confrontation, and they manage to escape. The impersonator turns out to be Sunehri, a woman who idolises Mr. A; Sunehri convinces Mr. A to form an alliance, but he turns her down. After a game of basketball between the two, Mr. A finally agrees to work together. 

In Rio de Janeiro, Mr. A and Sunehri plan their next heist. As Jai's analysis has named Rio the location of Mr. A's next heist, Jai and Ali travel to the city. There they meet Monali, Shonali's twin sister, who only speaks English, and Ali immediately falls for her. Later, Sunehri meets with Jai to discuss how things are going between her and Mr. A, revealing that they are working together, and Jai is using her by ensuring her freedom from prison. To get close to Mr. A and find out what his next plan is, they can catch and arrest him, but Sunehri begins to have her doubts. Mr. A and Sunehri fall in love with each other, and Mr. A unveils his real identity Aryan Singh to her. However, during the Rio Carnival, disguised as one of the entertainers, Aryan sees Sunehri and Jai together and realizes that Sunehri has been working undercover for Jai. 

The next day, Aryan forces Sunehri to play a game of Russian roulette. Sunehri cries and refuses to shoot him, but Aryan forces her to play. After six attempted shots, neither is killed, because Aryan never loaded the gun. Sunehri admits she betrayed Aryan and confesses her love for him. In their final heist, Aryan and Sunehri successfully steal some early Lydian coins while disguised as performing dwarfs. With the heist successfully pulled off, Jai realises that he has been betrayed, and she called him on the phone to confirm that she wants to stay with Aryan and does not wish to remain allied with Jai, forcing Jai and Ali to go after them. After the chase, all of them end up on the top of a waterfall, where Ali catches Sunehri. Sunehri, despite conveying her feelings for Aryan, shoots him. Aryan falls from the waterfall, after which Jai allows Sunehri to go free. 

Six months later, it is revealed that Aryan survived and has opened a restaurant in the Fiji islands with Sunehri. Jai meets Aryan and Sunehri at the restaurant and states that despite their crimes, he does not wish to imprison the couple. Aryan tells him where all the stolen artefacts can be found via a digital watch. Jai is aware of the couple's feelings towards each other and releases them with a warning against returning to their life of crime. After leaving, Jai receives a phone call, and informs Ali that they should be heading back to India for their next case.



Dhoom 3

Dhoom 3 () is a Hindi-language 2013 action thriller movie. This movie was directed by Sanjay Gadhvi. It is a sequel to "Dhoom 2". The movie was produced by Aditya Chopra.

In the year 1990, "The Great Indian Circus" owned by Iqbal Haroon Khan (Jackie Shroff) in Chicago, Illinois gets closed when he is unable to repay his loan. Sahir, his little son, pleads that the two would soon turn the corner. But Iqbal's rejected and commits suicide in front of the heartless bank leader Anderson. Twenty-three years later, Sahir (Aamir Khan) robs various branches of the Western Bank of Chicago. Despite all efforts of law enforcement, the robbery isn't foiled, and he successfully gets away. Officer Victoria (Tabrett Bethell) calls ACP Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan) and his partner, Sub-Inspector Ali Akbar Fateh Khan (Uday Chopra), for help in solving the case. Jai baits Sahir into robbing again by making it known he's on the case and that the thief's an amateur. On the other hand, Sahir starts the Great Indian Circus again, which was closed due to Iqbal's death. That is where he appoints Aaliya Hussain (Katrina Kaif), a new acrobat in his circus. Sahir poses as an informant for Jai, and manages to gather information on the bank while giving Jai a lead to follow. Eventually, Sahir robs the bank and escapes, but Jai and Ali follow him. Jai, while hanging on a helicopter ladder, manages to shoot Sahir on the left shoulder before he disappears.

Sahir has a big premiere of The Great Indian Circus, with his female lead acrobat, Aaliya, involving a trick with him disappearing in one place and showing up in another. The show is a success, but afterwards, Jai, Ali, and the police surround him, knowing he's the thief. Jai says the proof will be the gunshot wound, but when Sahir is examined, there is no evidence anywhere on his body. It is then revealed that Sahir has an autistic twin brother, Samar, who helps him pull off his trick, helps him in planning and pulling of the robberies, and he also shows it was Samar who sustained the wound.

Jai is fired from the case, but is encouraged by Ali to prove Sahir's guilt. Jai eventually finds out about Samar, and sets about finding a way to corner Sahir. Samar, being mentally challenged, is kept in seclusion by Sahir. However, he allows Samar outdoors once a week, and Jai manages to befriend him during this time in order to perform his plan. Samar has fallen in love with Aaliya after performing with her in the circus, but cannot express it. This leads to a rift between the brothers. Jai tries to take advantage of this, but Sahir finds out and thwarts Jai's plan to stop them. When Sahir comes in the disguise of Samar, Jai reveals his true identity and, assuming him to be Samar, tells him to surrender since he can give them justice. When Sahir reveals himself, he ties Jai to the track of a roller coaster. He switches the roller coaster on, but Ali arrives in time to save him from being crushed. He decides the only way to catch the brothers is in the act of robbing. Sahir and Samar pull off their final bank heist, and escape. However, the following day, Jai manages to corner them as they're making their way out of town. Samar is hesitant to run when Aaliya shows up, begging him to stop. Sahir surrenders to Jai, asking him to spare Samar. Jai agrees, but right after, Sahir attempts to jump off the dam. Samar grabs Sahir's hand, refusing to let him go. Sahir begs Samar otherwise, saying he can live freely with Aaliya. But Samar says that both of them are born together and should die together. Soon Samar loses his grip, and the two of them fall into the abyss, but smiling at each other. Western Bank of Chicago is shut down as a result of the heists, while Aaliya is shown having taken over The Great Indian Circus and still performing for it.



Clocks (song)

"Clocks" is the third song on British alternative rock band Coldplay's second studio album, "A Rush of Blood to the Head". The song was released on 10 December 2002.

On the "Billboard" charts, "Clocks" was able to peak at #4 on the Adult Top 40, #9 on the Modern Rock Tracks, #21 on the Mainstream Top 40, and #29 on the Hot 100 charts.

In 2004, "Clocks" won a Grammy Award for Record of the Year. It was also nominated in the category of Best Single at the 2003 Q Awards. Pitchfork Media ranked the song #68 on their Top 100 Singles of 2000-04 list and at #155 on their 500 Greatest Songs of the 2000s.


Astro Boy (movie)

Astro Boy is an American-Hong Kong-Chinese science fiction action-comedy superhero fantasy computer-animated movie. It is based on the manga of the same name.

This movie was released first in Hong Kong on October 8, 2009. It was released in Japan on October 10, 2009. It was released in the United States on October 23, 2009.




Poland men's national volleyball team

The Poland national men's volleyball team is the national volleyball team from Poland, controlled by the "Polski Związek Piłki Siatkowej" (PZPS), which represents the country in international competitions and friendly matches. Poland is one of the world's strongest teams, it is the reigning world champion since 2014 and is ranked third (as of August 2015) in the FIVB world ranking.

¹Friendly tournament, not included in the statistics

1964 — did not participa
te

1984 to 1992 — did not participate


2000 — did not participate


1990 to 1994 — did not participate

1985 to 2007 — did not participate

1948 — did not participate
1951 — did not participate
1987 — did not participate
1997 to 1999 — did not participate

1993 to 2005 — did not participate
2013 — did not participate

1990 to 1997 — did not participate

¹ players during all matches of intercontinental round

¹ Polish national team B

¹ Polish national team B

"Updated: 25 August 2015"
Represent Poland at:: 

Represent Poland at:: 


United States men's national volleyball team

The United States men's national volleyball team is the national team for the United States of America. It is governed by USA Volleyball.

Moraxella

Moraxella is a genus of bacteria. It is named after Victor Morax, a Swiss eye specialist (ophthalmologist). They are gram-negative.
The cells are short rods or cocci. "Moraxella catarrhalis" can cause chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Sugar Hill Records (rap)

Sugar Hill Records was an American record label. It was set up by Joe and Sylvia Robinson in 1974 to be the first label issuing exclusively rap music. Their first release came out five years later. It was "Rapper's Delight" by the Sugar Hill Gang.

Sugar Hill Records went bankrupt in 1986.

Casablanca Records

Casablanca Records is an American recording label. It is owned by Universal Music Group. Casablanca operates under Republic Records. The label became most successful as a disco label in the 1970s. It currently operates as an electronic dance music label under the direction of Tommy Mottola.

ABC Dunhill Records

ABC Records purchased Dunhill Records in 1966, forming ABC Dunhill Records. They purchased Don Robey's record labels on May 23, 1973. These included Duke Records, Peacock Records, Back Beat Records and Song Bird Records. 

Later on, they also purchased the Famous Music record labels from Gulf and Western in 1974. These included Dot Records and Blue Thumb Records. With the Famous acquisition, ABC gained a distribution deal with Sire Records. ABC distributed (through Sire) the first releases by punk band the Ramones. Sire switched to Warner Bros. distribution in 1977, being sold to WB a year later.

Moraxellaceae

Moraxellaceae are a family of bacteria. They are gram-negative. Some are pathogens. "Moraxella catarrhalis" can cause Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. "Moraxella bovis" cause in cattle the so-called pink eye.

The family belongs to the Gammaproteobacteria. It contains the following of genera:


Anna Atkins

Anna Atkins (16 March, 1799 – 9 June, 1871) was an English botanist and photographer. Atkins used cyanotypes to photograph algae and make books about them.

Anna Atkins was born in Tonbridge, England. Her mother died soon after giving birth to her.

Cyanotype

Cyanotype is a photographic printing process, which produces prints that are blue. John Herschel discovered the process in 1842. Engineers used the process well into the 20th century as a simple and low-cost process to produce copies of drawings, referred to as blueprints. The process uses two chemicals: ammonium iron(III) citrate and potassium ferricyanide.

Iris Yassmin Barrios Aguilar

Iris Yassmin Barrios Aguilar is a judge. She was the president of one of Guatemala’s two High Risk Court Tribunals. A High Risk Court Tribunal is a kind of court that has authority in difficult cases. The cases are likely to cause people to become upset because they are related to politics or government.

In 2014, Barrios received an International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.

Barrios was in charge of the trial of Efraín Ríos Montt, who ruled Guatemala with total authority. This trial was the first time a national court tried a former leader of a country for genocide. That trial decided that Montt was responsible for committing the crime of genocide against Ixil Mayans. The trial finished in 2013.

However, on May 20th, 2013, the Constitutional Court of Guatemala decided that the decision was wrong and changed the decision. It ordered the trial to start again, because of a disagreement over the judges. Officials said that Ríos Montt's trial will start again in January 2015.
In April 2014, Barrios' authority as a judge was suspended for a year. This was because of a complaint against her by a lawyer who had a part in the trial of Efrain Rios Montt.


Catuskoti

Catuskoti is the idea in Buddhism that statements can be either true, false, both true and false, or neither true nor false. 

Rusudan Gotsiridze

Rusudan Gotsiridze ( born 8 February 1975) is a bishop of the Evangelical Baptist Church of Georgia. She is a political activist for women's rights. In 2014, Gotsiridze received the International Women of Courage Award.

Gotsiridze was the first female Baptist bishop in Georgia. She supports a policy of women's equality. Gotsiridze has spoken out against the use of physical force to harm women. She started a series of discussions between religious groups in order to prevent disagreements and to help minority religions. She was also one of the first members of the religious community in Georgia to publicly support the rights of the LGBT community. Gotsiridze spoke at the sixth United Nations Forum on Minority Issues about religious minorities in Georgia.


13 Ghosts

13 Ghosts is a 1960 horror movie. This movie was directed by William Castle. It was written by Robb White. It was released in 10 July, 1960.


Thirteen Ghosts

Thirteen Ghosts is a 2001 American horror movie. This movie was directed by Steve Beck. It was a remake of the 1960 movie "13 Ghosts".



ABC Africa

ABC Africa is an 2001 Iranian documentary movie. This movie was directed by Abbas Kiarostami.


Dagon (movie)

Dagon is a 2001 Spanish movie. This movie was directed by Stuart Gordon. It was written by Dennis Paoli.


The Happy Cricket

The Happy Cricket is a 2001 animated children's fantasy movie. The movie was directed by Walbercy Riabs. It was released on 20 July 2001.




The Color of Milk

The Color of Milk (also called "The Colour of Milk", "Neither Naked nor Dressed", or "Selma and Andy"), original title "Ikke naken", is a 2004 Norwegian family movie.


Jimmy, the Boy Wonder

Jimmy, the Boy Wonder is a 1996 children's musical movie distributed by Mayflower Pictures. The movie was directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis and was written by Hal Berg.

Eustace Mullins

Eustace Mullins (1923-2010) was a right-wing political activist. He wrote many biographies and history books. The best known is "Secrets of the Federal Reserve." He also wrote books opposing the one world government movement. David Randall calls him "one of the world's leading conspiracy theorists".

He was born in Roanoke, Virginia. He died of a stroke in Hockley, Texas.

Caroline Sunshine

Caroline Mohr Sunshine (born September 5, 1995) is an American actress, dancer and singer. She played Barbara Winslow in the family movie "Marmaduke". She also played Annie in the play "Stage Door".

She was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Tropical Storm Fabian (1991)

Tropical Storm Fabian was a short-lived tropical storm during the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the sixth storm of that year which was given a name. It formed in the northwest Caribbean southwest of Cuba. The storm reached a peak intensity of 45 mph (75 km/h), shortly before crossing over Cuba as it moved northeast past Florida. Fabian became extratropical north of the Bahamas the next day, and dissipated on October 17. Fabian caused only light rainfall along its path and there were no reported deaths or damage.

Beatrice Mtetwa

Beatrice Mtetwa is a lawyer from Zimbabwe. She is known internationally because she represents journalists and because she speaks to support press freedom. In 2008, "The New York Times" said she was "Zimbabwe's top human rights lawyer". In 2014, she received an International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Mtetwa received her LLB (Bachelor of Laws) degree from the University of Botswana and Swaziland in 1981. She spent the next two years working in Swaziland as a prosecuting attorney (a lawyer who is responsible for starting legal cases against people accused of crimes). In 1983, she moved to Zimbabwe. There she worked as a prosecutor until 1989. That year, she went into private practice (a professional business that is not controlled or paid for by the government). She began to limit her business to one subject, the practice of human rights law. In one of her more famous cases, she questioned a section of Zimbabwe's law, the Private Voluntary Organizations Act. She won the case. The law allowed the government to change the group of people who manage or direct non-governmental organizations. She also questioned the results of 37 districts in the parliamentary elections. In a PBS documentary, Mtetwa said the reason for her activism is "not because there is any glory or cash to it and not because I'm trying to antagonize the government... I'm doing it because it's a job that's got to be done".

Mtetwa is especially famous because she defends local and international journalists. In 2003, for example, she got a court order, a formal statement from a court to stop the government from forcing "Guardian" reporter Andrew Meldrum to leave the country. She gave the order to security officials at Harare International Airport only minutes before Meldrum's plane left. She also helped reporters Toby Harnden and Julian Simmonds from London's "Sunday Telegraph" newspaper. They were arrested during the Zimbabwean April parliamentary election. The government said the reporters did not have official approval. The court said they were not guilty. In April 2008, she helped "New York Times" reporter Barry Bearak get out of jail. He was arrested for similar reasons. Mtetwa also defended many local journalists who were in jail before the 2008 Zimbabwean presidential election.

In 2003, police arrested Mtetwa. They said it was for drunk driving. At the police station, they hit her and choked her, or tried to stop her breathing by squeezing her throat. Three hours later, the police let her go, without a formal charge or accusation. For two days after the attack, she could not speak. On the third day, she returned with a folder of medical evidence, and she filed charges against the police officers. Police officers reportedly attacked Mtetwa again in 2007. Police beat Mtetwa and three colleagues, people who work with her, with rubber nightsticks during a protest march. The march was to protest the harassment of Zimbabwe's lawyers.

In an interview with the Committee to Protect Journalists, Mtetwa said how she tries to prevent attacks:

"I think I confront the danger immediately before it happens. I always make sure that if, for instance, I'm called in the middle of the night to a scene that is potentially dangerous, I make sure that there are as many media practitioners as possible, particularly to record what will happen there. And in the glare of cameras I find that people don't want to do what they would want to do. So in a lot of ways I think I've been lucky, and I haven't received as much harassment as one would have expected, or as much as other human rights defenders have had."

In 2005, Mtetwa won the of the Committee to Protect Journalists. The award citation said that "in a country where the law is used as a weapon against independent journalists, Mtetwa has defended journalists and argued for press freedom, all at great personal risk." In 2008, she also won the group's Burton Benjamin Memorial Award for Lifetime Achievement.

Mtetwa received several awards from legal organizations. In 2009, the European Bar Human Rights Institute gave her the Ludovic-Trarieux International Human Rights Prize ("The award given by lawyers to a lawyer"). That award is given each year to a lawyer who, throughout his or her career, has illustrated, by activity or suffering, the defence of human rights in the world. Mtetwa won the 2010 International Human Rights award of the American Bar Association. In 2011, she received the Inamori Ethics Prize from Case Western Reserve University in the US. In 2014, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia, Canada, was the first university to celebrate Mtetwa's many achievements. They gave her an honorary degree in 2013.


Mary King

Mary King (born 8 June 1961) is a British horse rider. She won the European Championships and the Badminton Horse Trials. She won four gold medals at the World and European championships. She was the British Champion a record four times. Her sixth Olympic appearance was in London at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

King and her daughter Emily were the first British mother and daughter team to represent Britain in their respective age groups, Mary at senior and Emily (15 years old) at junior level.

King was born in Newark-on-Trent. She has lived in Salcome Regis since she was 3 years old. At 6 years old, she was riding the vicar's pony. She had three jobs as an adult to raise money to buy her own pony. She has two children.

Linda Sue Park

Linda Sue Park is a Korean-American children’s literature poet and novelist. Park was born on March 25, 1960, in Urbana, Illinois. She was educated at Stanford University, California; Trinity College, Dublin; and Birkbeck College, London. Many of her books are written about Korean ethnicity. She was a food journalist from 1985 to 1990. She taught English as a second language from 1985 to 2001. Park enjoys cooking, reading, and watching movies and sports in her free time.




Roshika Deo

Roshika Deo (born December 12, 1980) is a Fijian politician and activist. Deo started the "Be The Change Campaign" organization in Fiji. The organization supports feminism, human rights, and environmentalism. 

Deo was a candidate for the Fiji National Elections in September 2014. She was the first to put her name on the official list of people trying to be elected. Many members of the FijiFirst and SODELPA parties, as well as members of Methodist Church in Fiji criticized Deo. It was difficult for Deo to get enough signatures of support to officially become a candidate.

Deo received the New Zealand Defender of Human Rights award in 2013. In 2014, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Roshika Deo's family is Indo-Fijian and Hindu. Her father, Indar Deo, was a well-known lawyer, a politician for the National Alliance Party of Fiji, and a businessman. He lives in Australia. Deo has three brothers and one sister.


Kate DiCamillo

Kate DiCamillo is an award-winning American children's book author.

DiCamillo was born on March 25, 1964, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States. She moved to Florida when she was five years old. She graduated from the University of Florida in 1987. She is now the National Ambassador for Young People’s Literature, chosen by the Librarian of Congress. She speaks to people about children’s literature.

DiCamillo won the Newbery Medal for "The Tale of Despereaux" in 2004, then again in 2014 for "Flora & Ulysses: The Illuminated Adventures", a Parents’ Choice Gold Award and a Newbery Honor for "Because of Winn-Dixie". She was also given the Award for Young People’s Literature for "The Tiger Rising".


Rebecca Stead

Rebecca Stead is an American children’s author. She graduated from Vassar College in 1989. She is the author of three popular children's books: "First Light," "When You Reach Me," and "Liar & Spy."

Stead was born in New York City on January 16, 1968. From the time she was young, she was interested in literature and writing. She worked as a lawyer and public defender several years. Stead is married to a lawyer named Sean O’Brien. They have two children. She began writing again when she was raising her children. 

Stead has written three young adult books. Her first book, "First Light", was published in 2007. It is about a young boy who is studying climate change. Her second book, "When You Reach Me", was published in 2009. It is a mix of mystery, historical fiction, and a school story. It won the Newbery Medal in 2010. Her next book, "Liar and Spy," was published in 2012. This book is about a seventh grade boy living in Brooklyn, New York, and how he feels about problems with his best friend. "Liar and Spy" won the Guardian Prize in 2013. Her latest book is "Goodbye Stranger."

Pam Muñoz Ryan

Pam Muñoz Ryan (born December 25, 1951) is an American children's writer. She was born on December 25, 1951, in Bakersfield, California. She is the daughter of Don Bell and Esperanza Muñoz. She is the eldest of three sisters. She took much of her inspiration for her books from her family and human rights in history.  For example, the idea for "Esperanza Rising" came from her grandmother's experiences immigrating to America. "When Marian Sang" shows the discrimination against African Americans in the theater.  She has written two novels, three books in the "Doug" series, and 13 picture books.

As a child, Ryan spent many summers biking to the local library. "The library became my favorite hangout because my family didn't have a swimming pool and the library was air-conditioned. That's how I got hooked on reading and books," she said in an interview. However, she did not realize until later that she wanted to be a writer. During her time as a writer she won over 70 awards for all her books. 

When a rich young girl named Esperanza's father dies, she and her mother are forced to move from Mexico to America. Esperanza and her mother find work with their family as farm workers. Esperanza and her mother are in fear of being deported. Although the conditions they live are bad, they could imagine how much worse their life would be in Mexico. On this journey Esperanza learns more about herself and the world around her.


""DOUG" SERIES; BASED ON JIM JENKINS'S CARTOON CHARACTER 2002"


Jennifer L. Holm

Jennifer L. Holm is an American author. Her books include the "Babymouse" series, "Middle School is Worse Than Meatloaf", and "The Fourteenth Goldfish". 

Holm was born in California in 1968. She grew up in Audubon, Pennsylvania.  Her father, William W. Holm, was a pediatrician. Her mother, Beverly A. Holm, was a pediatric nurse.  She married Jonathan Hamel, who was both a writer and a computer programmer. She went to Dickinson College in 1990. She has two children, Will and Millie May.


Her awards include:

For "Our Only May Amelia"

For "Boston Jane: An Adventure"

For "Penny From Heaven"

For "Baby Mouse:  Queen of the World!"

For "Baby Mouse for President"


Clare Vanderpool

Clare Vanderpool is an American children’s author. Her first book, "Moon Over Manifest", won the 2011 Newbery Medal. She lives with her husband and four children in Kansas.

Vanderpool was born on November 6, 1964, in Wichita, Kansas. She has a husband, Mark, and four children. Vanderpool still lives in the town that she grew up in. Her children go to the same schools that she went to as a child.

Vanderpool wrote the books "Navigating Early", and "Moon Over Manifest". "Moon Over Manifest" won the 2011 Newbery Medal. It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Abilene Tucker, who finds some secrets that start to put together the story of her father’s upbringing.

Vanderpool originally got the idea for "Navigating Early" (published 2013) from one of her mother’s dreams. In the dream, there was a boy who was amazing at piano. Although he never had any lessons, he could hear a difficult piece just once and would be able to play it perfectly. From the dream, she created the book about a boy who had an unexplainable gift, that creates a close friendship with a girl. “Where an author gets her ideas is simple. Ideas come from watching, listening, paying attention, and most of all from the characters themselves.” - Clare Vanderpool.

Lois Lowry

Lois Lowry (born Lois Ann Hammersberg; March 20, 1937) is an American author who was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. Her father wasn’t present in her childhood, so she liked to write about strong father figures in her books. She became interested in reading when she was very young. She had a lot of trouble with math. 

Lowry began her career writing about children who face major challenges. Most had to do with family. Her first novel was "A Summer to Die". It established her as an important author of young adult fiction. Her books cover many different topics, including the future, war, and humor. They are for young adults who want to read about serious issues. Lowry is a very successful author. She won the 1990 and 1994 Newbery Medal for "Number the Stars" and "The Giver". Some of her stories are based on her childhood, like her character Anastasia Krupnik in the book "Anastasia Krupnik". Some of her most famous books are "Number the Stars", "The Giver", "Gathering Blue", "Bless This Mouse", and "Messenger".



Sharon Draper

Sharon Draper is an American author, poet, and master educator. She has won many awards for teaching and written many books, poems, and short stories. She was a teacher in Cincinnati from 1970-1997 and became an author in 1991, which is the career she is currently pursuing. Her first piece was “One Small Torch”, a short story published in the Ebony magazine in 1991 as the winner of a short story contest with 20,000 entries. In her writing, she choses African-American male characters to give a voice to African-American young men.

Sharon Draper was born on August 21, 1948 in Cleveland, Ohio. With 2 siblings, she was the eldest daughter of three kids in her family and grew up in a close-knit neighborhood. 

Sharon Draper earned her BA from Pepperdine University in 1971 and her MA from Miami University of Ohio in 1974

Sharon Draper was a teacher for the Cincinnati public schools from 1970-1997, and won the 1997 US Teacher of the Year award for her work in the schools. She has described teaching as her "calling and vocation,” and says that she "teaches because I must. It is in my heart and soul; part of the definition of me. I end up teaching wherever I am."

Some of her published works include: 

Sharon Draper has won many awards in teaching and writing. She won Coretta Scott King Genesis award for Literature (1995), and American Library Association Best Book for Young Adults award (1995) in her writing career. She also won Ohio State Teacher of the Year (1997), U.S. National Teacher of the Year (1997), National Board Certification, National Board for Professional Teaching Standards (1995), Board of Directors, National Board for Professional Teaching Standards (1997), National Council of Negro Women's Excellence in Teaching Award (1997), and the Delta Kapa Gamma Honor Society for Women Educators.


Jacqueline Woodson

Jacqueline Woodson is an American writer who has written many successful books for a wide audience.  She gives a voice to those Americans in our community who are sometimes silenced or looked down upon. Ms. Woodson once said, "I feel compelled to write against stereotypes, hoping people will see that some issues know no color, class, sexuality…. I write from the very depths of who I am, and in this place there are all of my identities." Through her quotes and her books she inspires America to take a stand against stereotypes to make our world a better place.

Jacqueline Woodson is the recipient of the 2001 Corretta Scott King Award and a nominee for the 2002 National Book Award. 

2018 Jacqueline Woodson received Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award, the worlds largest prize for people writing childrens and youths literature. 

"Jacqueline Woodson introduces us to resilient young people fighting to find a place where their lives can take root. In language as light as air, she tells stories of resounding richness and depth. Jacqueline Woodson captures a unique poetic note in a daily reality divided between sorrow and hope." Citation of the jury

Jacqueline Woodson was born on February 12, 1963 in the town of Columbus, Ohio. Much of Jacqueline's writing later in life may have been inspired by her childhood.  Her books talk about the struggle to find a place to fit in,  and being accepted in society. In fifth grade she was the editor of her school’s magazine. Her seventh English teacher encouraged her to write, and told her she should pursue her dreams, which may have led to where Ms. Woodson is today.  

Many of Ms. Woodson’s books for older audiences touch on subjects she experienced growing up.  For example, she wrote about her parent’s struggling marriage, her brother’s struggles with homosexuality, and divisions based off of race in America which she had experienced first hand growing up as an African American in the Midwest.  Also, Ms. Woodson addresses the issue of confidence in young girls.  She says: “I write about all girls because I know what happens to self-esteem when we turn twelve, and I hope to show readers the number of ways in which we are strong."  Jacqueline uses her talent for writing and her experiences of the injustices and stereotypes in our country to promote awareness of important issues and give voices to the voiceless. 

Some books she has written include:


Laurie Halse Anderson

Laurie Halse Anderson is an American author who has written many books. She writes fiction on many different subjects. She was born on October 23, 1961, in New York. As a young child, Anderson loved to listen to her father tell stories and poems. In 1983, Anderson married Gregory H. Anderson, a business executive. One year later in 1984, she earned her bachelor's degree from Georgetown university in Washington D.C. Anderson has published many books for young adults and children. She has written in many different genres as well. Some of Anderson’s most well known books include "Speak", "Fever 1793", and "Catalyst". People appreciate her ability to capture the voices and attitudes of teenagers as they face personal problems in her books. In 2009, Anderson received the Margaret A. Edwards award for her contributions to young adult literature.

Judy Blume

Judy Blume is an American author.

Judy Blume was born on February 12, 1936 to Rudolph and Esther Sussman. She was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey. Blume graduated with honors from her high school, Battin, and went on to Boston University. She was forced to quit college after a year because of a disease that caused her to have too many large white blood cells. She then transferred to New York University where she graduated in 1961 with a Bachelor of Science in early childhood education. She then had two children, Randy Lee and Lawrence Andrew. Many of her books are about the challenge pre-teens face when growing up in middle-class America.

Judy Blume has written many books, mostly focusing on middle-class children and the problems they face in their lives. Her most famous piece is "Are You There God? It’s Me, Margaret". She started out writing books meant only for adults, such as "Wifey, Smart noen", and "Summer Sisters". As time passed, Blume began to write books for children, including:

Her books are published by Bradbury Press. Throughout her lifetime she has received many awards. Some of these include, the Margaret A. Edwards Award for Lifetime Achievement and the Library of Congress Living Legends award. 


Marissa Meyer

Marissa Meyer is well known for writing the Lunar Chronicles, which includes "Cinder", "Scarlet", and "Cress". These books have parts of well known fairy-tales, but she added her own twist. The Lunar Chronicle books were very successful, "Cinder," the first book in the seriesellers list. In November 2015, the fifth in the Lunar Chronicle series will be published, "Winter." Her most recently published book is "Fairest, "another book about fairytales. She even has many unfinished books lying around. She lives with her husband and three cats.

Marissa Meyer was born on February 19, 1984. She grew up in Tacoma, Washington. When Meyer was 14 years old, she was introduced to anime and fan fiction. She was very interested in it and completed 40 stories under the name Alicia Blade. These stories were published on Fanfiction.net. She also wrote a novelette called The "Phantom of Linkshire Manor". In 2007, the novelette was published in the "Bound in Skin" anthology. 

Marissa Meyer went to Pacific Lutheran University, and got a bachelor’s degree in creative writing and children’s literature. At Pace University, she received her master’s degree in publishing. After she graduated, she became a book editor in Seattle. Later, she became a freelance typesetter and proofreader.

Tamora Pierce

Tamora Pierce is an American author. She was born in Connellsville, Pennsylvania on December 13th, 1954. Tamora Pierce is the daughter of Wayne Pierce and Jacqueline Pierce, but her parents divorced. Her family moved from Pennsylvania to California many times. Tamora loved reading books as a child, and she started writing stories when she was in 6th grade. When she was a teenager, she stopped writing. One of her teachers motivated her to continue writing, and she started writing again as an adult.

Tamora Pierce mainly writes fantasy books, but sometimes historical books. She enjoys writing series because of how the reader gets to live along with the characters. She likes writing books for teenagers. Many of her books have been translated into German, Danish, and Spanish. 

Tamora lives in New York, New York with her husband, 4 cats, parakeet, and sometimes rescued animals. She is interested in many topics which sometimes are included in her writing. Some topics she is interested in our culture, crime, wildlife, nature, historical events, and more.








Ally Carter

Ally Carter is the pen name of Sarah Leigh Fogleman (born January 1, 1974), She went to Oklahoma State University and Cornell University. Carter began writing at age 12. She published her first book in 2005, "Cheating at Solitaire". S. E. Hinton's "The Outsiders" made her interested in writing. Carter first was a screenwriter, then started writing novels. Some of her books were "My True Love Gave to Me", "Double Crossed", "Learning to Play Gin" and "Cheating At Solitaire". She also wrote two series, the Gallagher Girls Books and Heist Society Books. "All Fall Down" came out on January 20, 2015 to start her new series, "Embassy Row".

Carter writes about teenage spies and thieves. Her books have been sold in over 20 languages.  It takes her four to six weeks to write one story, but she spends much more time editing the stories. Her books have appeared on several best sellers lists, such as the New York Times, as well as sold over two million copies in the United States alone.


Hillsboro, West Virginia

Hillsboro is a town in Pocahontas County, West Virginia, United States.

Raina Telgemeier

Raina Telgemeier was born May 26, 1977 in San Francisco, California. She has published many graphic novels for teenagers, including "Smile, Drama, Sister, Baby Sitter Club Series, and X - men: Misfits". Telgemeier gets ideas for her stories from her life. For example, "Smile" came from her life. 

Telgemeier attended the School Of Visual Arts in New York City. She studied illustration. She graduated in 2002. Telgemeier met her husband, Dave Roman, at the School of Visual Arts. After graduating Telgemeier worked for a publisher in New York. But she was thinking about drawing her own books. She now lives and works in Queens, New York. Now, she is a famous cartoonist, animator, and novelist who has written many well known young adult novels. 

Raina Telgemeier was born May 26, 1977 in San Francisco, California. In her youth, Telgemeier was very interested in comics, and putting pictures and words together to make stories. As pictured in "Smile", Telgemeier did have both front teeth knocked out in 6th grade.

Both her novels "Smile" and "Sister" have been #1 New York Times best sellers. Telgemeier has received an Eisner Award, a Boston Globe-Horn Book Honor, a Stonewall Honor, and many Best Of and Notable lists for her popular works of literature.

Kirsten Miller

Kirsten Miller is an American author.

Kirsten Miller was born in 1973 in North Carolina. At age 17 she moved to New York City. Kirsten lives there now.
Kirsten wrote the Kiki Strike series and All You Desire: Can You Trust Your Heart?. These are all novels aimed at young adults. The Kiki Strike series is about two girls who have gained access to catacombs, underground graveyards, and work on accessing the rest of their city. They used their girl scout skills. This series was written in 2006 and 2007. The Eternal Ones series is about a modern day high school girl who sees visions of herself, including one of her dying, in 1920’s New York City with a boy named Ethan Evans. After a lifetime of hearing and ignoring rumors of demons in her small town, she becomes involved with Iain Morrow in New York, who she thinks murdered her in a past life and is out to murder her again. These two books were written in 2010 and 2011.

Kirsten is set apart from other authors by emphasizing the importance of “girl power”. She has chosen many female lead characters because she believes girls can make a change too. She showed this by saying, “While the world wasn’t necessarily designed with young girls in mind, if a girl has a little ingenuity and a lot of confidence, she can make the world work to her advantage” in an teenreads.com interview in 2006. 


E. L. Konigsburg

Elaine Lobl Konigsburg (February 10, 1930 – April 19, 2013) was an American writer.

Elaine Lobl Konigsburg was born on February 10, 1930 in New York. She was the daughter of Adolph, a businessman, and Beulah (Klein) Lobl. E.L. Konigsburg married a man named David Konigsburg in 1952. With David, she had three children, named Paul, Laurie, and Ross. She went to Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh. Konigsburg was a follower of the Jewish religion.

Konigsburg is the author of many children’s books, some including "The Outcast of 19 Schuyler Place, From the Mixed Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler," and "Silent to the Bone". She began her career as an author later in her life. She left teaching after the birth of her first child in 1955, and returned to teach again in 1960. She stopped teaching again two years later, to move to New York for her husband’s job. With all of her kids at school, she had time to begin her writing career.

E. L Konigsburg is the only author to have two books on the Newbery List at one time. In addition, in 1967, her book was honored in the “Book Week Children’s Festival”. She also won the William Allen White award for "From the Mixed Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler".



Wendy Mass

Wendy Mass is an American author who writes mainly for young adults and children. She was born on April 22, 1967 in Livingston, New Jersey, United States. She is most known for her young adult novel "A Mango Shaped Space" and "Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life". 

Wendy Mass currently lives in Sparta New Jersey with her husband Michael, their twins Chloe and Griffin, and their two cats. Mass has lived in New Jersey as well as Los Angeles. 

Wendy Mass as a Bachelor of Arts degree from Tufts University, a Masters degree from California State University, and has a Ph.D from Drew University.

Wendy Mass has won the American Library Association (ALA) Schneider Family Book Award for Middle School in 2004 for her book "A Mango Shaped Space". She also has been nominated for 74 state book awards. Many of her books have been translated into 14 different languages and several were recorded as audio books. One of her young adult novels "Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life" was adapted into a movie in 2011.


Cynthia Kadohata

Cynthia Kadohata is an American author, who has written many well known novels. A quote that expresses Cynthia Kadohata’s connection to writing and her books is “My memories become their memories, and their memories become mine.” 

She won the 2005 Newbery medal, and she wrote a short fiction that has been seen in the New Yorker, Grand Street, and Pennsylvania Review. Her autobiographical novel on Japanese American life is also widely known and highly reviewed. Cynthia also earned a journalism degree at University of Southern California.

Cynthia Kadohata was born on July 02, 1956 in Chicago, Illinois. Her family moved often to places including Illinois, Michigan, Georgia, Arkansas, and California, and this traveling and the ability to see many new places gave her inspiration for many of her books, especially "The Floating World". In fact, in many parts Cynthia Kadohata’s actual life inspire and encourage her to write. 
Later in life, Cynthia adopted her son, Sammy. She was previously married but divorced in 2000. 




Louise Erdrich

Louise Erdrich is an American author. She was born on June 7, 1954, in Minnesota. Erdrich lived in North Dakota as a child. Her mother is Chippewa. She has a German-American father. Louise incorporates Native American themes in her books. Major characters represent both sides of her heritage and background. She was married to Michael Anthony Dorris, who was a writer and professor of Native American studies at Dartmouth.

Erdrich was named a most beautiful person in "People" magazine. She was a finalist for the National Book Award for fiction in 2001 for her book "The Last Report on the Miracles at Little No Horse". She received the award in 2012 for "The Round House". She has written novels, short stories, poetry, and children's books. Some of these works are "Love Medicine", "Tracks", and "The Plague of Doves". From 1972 to 1976, she attended Dartmouth College. She received the Academy of Poets Prize in 1975. She also received her Bachelor of Arts degree in 1976. 


E. Lockhart

Emily Jenkins, also known as E. Lockhart is an American author. Jenkins was born in New York, New York on September 13, 1967. She writes in many genres such as children’s fiction and adult romance novels. She has even won the Boston Globe/Horn Book Honor Award twice. She has also written many respected young adult novels. 

Jenkins has always dreamed of being an author. She once said, "Growing up, I spent large parts of my life in imaginary worlds: Neverland, Oz, and Narnia, in particular.” She loved reading and when she was eight, she began to develop her own work. After she wrote her own books, Jenkins became interested in writing full-length novel imitations of "Pippi Long Stocking" and "The Wolves of Willoughby Chase". She got inspiration for her later books like "Five Creatures" from her own life. She said, "I wanted to convey the sense of family I had with my pets." Jenkins has a husband, a daughter, and two cats. They all have different skills and preferences, but she used a Venn diagram to overlap their interests.

Jenkins continues to love spending her time living in her imaginary worlds, which she created within her books. She is an admired figure for many young writers and encourages them to pursue their dreams just as she did.


"Jenkins, Emily." Contemporary Authors Online. Detroit: Gale, 2015. Biography in Context. Web. 23 Mar. 2015.

Jacqueline Kelly

Jacqueline Kelly is a New Zealand-born American author of children's books.

Jacqueline Kelly was born in New Zealand. She moved to Vancouver Island in Canada at a young age. She moved again to El Paso, Texas where she went to high school and college in Galveston. She went on to get a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Texas. Before becoming a fictional author, she was a physician and a lawyer.

For "The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate", she won the Newbery Honor Book designation, International Reading Association Award, Virginia Law Award, Daughters of the Republic of Texas, and Judy Lopez Memorial Award, National Women's Book Association, all 2009, and Josette Frank Award, and the Bank Street College of Education.


The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate is set in 1899 and features eleven year old Calpurnia Tate. The novel documents her struggle with Texas heat, science, embroidery and her family. She falls in love with science by spending time with her grandfather, who is a scientist, and "The Origin of Species", by Charles Darwin. She thoroughly battles the expectations of respectable young ladies during the turn of the century.

"Return to the Willows" is written as a sequel to the "Wind in the Willows" by Kenneth Grahame.


Paula Danziger

Paula Danziger (August 18, 1944 – July 8, 2004) was an American author of children's and young adult literature. 

Danziger was born in Washington, D.C. to Samuel and Carolyn Danziger. Though she struggled in school as a child, she attended Montclair State University in New Jersey and earned a degree in 1967. She was a middle school teacher in New Jersey from 1967-1978 while studying for a Master's degree. Her studies were interrupted when she was in a car crash, where a drunk driver hit her car, and she slammed her head against the front window which caused her to have brain damage. In 1978 she left teaching to write full-time. 

Although readers loved her books because of the humor, some critics called them superficial and generic. Others praised her work for tackling real-life issues.

Danziger died in 2004 after complications from a heart attack. She was 59.

Some of the awards Danziger's work received:



Dodie Smith

Dorothy Gladys Smith (born in 1896), commonly known as Dodie Smith, was an English children’s book author and playwright. She is most famous for writing "The 00 and 1 Dalmatians" and "I Capture the Castle", both adapted into famous films. Ms Smith had not intended to be a writer. Her first love was acting but, she once admitted, "I simply wasn't very good."

Smith was born on May 3, 1896 in Whitefield, UK. When she was eighteen years old, her father died, so after that she and her mother lived with her family - her grandparents, three uncles and two aunts, in an old house with a garden leaning towards the Manchester Ship Canal. Both her mother and grandmother wrote and composed. Almost everyone in the household sang and played an instrument (including pianos, a violin, a mandolin, a guitar and a banjo) and one uncle, a nonprofessional but decent actor, was usually rehearsing, preferably with Smith there to give him cues. Although she had liked theater for a while before she could read, it was hearing of her uncle's parts which really sparked her passion for acting and writing plays, especially as the cues she gave to her uncle got longer and longer and, by the age of nine, Smith had written a forty-page play.

Even when her mother described her first play as dull and boring, she did not stop trying to succeed. Soon she became a young actress for many theaters after studying at the London’s Royal Academy of Art. During World War I, Smith went to France to help amuse the soldiers there and also appeared in a performance of John Galsworthy's Pigeon. In 1923, the actress left the theater to work as a buyer for Heal and Son, a furniture company where she remained for the next eight years, writing for the stage in cinema in her free time. Smith first gained recognition as a playwright, going by the name of C. L. Anthony until 1935. In 1931, Smith sold her play Autumn Crocus to one of her old stage directors. Although she had written a screenplay and a stage play before, Autumn Crocus proved to be the work that turned her career around. Call It a Day was the first play Smith wrote under her own name; also proving to be her most financially rewarding piece. Her plays, generally simple comedies about middle-class life, received much praise, both popular and critical. "The ability to recreate detail, to capture the nuances of everyday conversation, to recognize humor in the trivialities of middle-class life marks the dramas of Dodie Smith," wrote Martha Hadsel. "Her critics sometimes found fault with what they considered her superficiality, but most admitted that her plays provided enjoyable entertainment." Hadsel claimed Smith to be "one of the few successful women dramatists in England and America during the first half of the twentieth century."

Children’s books:

- The 00 and 1 Dalmatians, 1956.

- The Starlight Barking, 1968.

- The Midnight Kittens, 1978.

Plays: 

- Call It a Day, 1937.

- Bonnet over the Windmill, 1937.

- (And co-director) Dear Octopus, 1939.

- Autumn Crocus, Service, and Touch Wood, 1939.

- Lovers and Friends, 1944.

- Letter from Paris, 1954.

- I Capture the Castle, 1948.

- These People, Those Books, 1958.

- Amateur Means Lover, 1962.

Novels:

- I Capture the Castle, 1999.

- The New Moon with the Old, 1963.

- The Town in Bloom, 1965.

- It Ends with Revelations, 1967.

- A Tale of Two Families, 1970.

- The Girl from the Candle-lit Bath, 1978.

Autobiographies:

- Look Back with Love: A Manchester Childhood, 1974.

- Look Back with Mixed Feelings, 1978.

- Look Back with Astonishment, 1979.

- Look Back with Gratitude, 1985.

Screenplays: 

- (With Frank Partos) The Uninvited (adapted from the novel by Dorothy Macardle), Paramount, 1944.

- (With Lesser Samuels) Darling, How Could You! (adapted from Alice-Sit-by-the-Fire by James M. Barrie), Paramount, 1951.

- Also author of screenplay "Schoolgirl Rebels" (under pseudonym Charles Henry Percy), 1915.


Joan Bauer

Joan Bauer is an American author. She was born on July 12, 1951 in River Forest, Illinois. She was the oldest of four sisters with a teacher for a mother and a salesman for a father. In her teen years, her grandmother got Alzheimer's disease. Soon after this, her father committed suicide. Bauer said her teenage experiences influenced her stories. As a teen, Bauer was a waitress, an assistant, typing teacher, and a freelance writer. Bauer currently lives in Brooklyn, with her husband Evan Bauer, her daughter Jean, and dog Max. She’s working on another book, which is due to be published in early 2016.

In her twenties, Bauer had a career in advertising sales. After ten years, Bauer realized she did not like being a saleswoman and decided to quit to become a journalist. Joan Bauer made her writing debut with the book, "Squashed", which earned many positive reviews.



Grace Lin

Grace Lin is an American writer and children's illustrator. Her first book, "The Ugly Vegetables", was published in 1999. She has written four novels: "The Year of the Dog", "The Year of the Rat", "Where the Mountain Meets the Moon", and "Starry River of the Sky". She also writes a series for early readers with twins named Ling and Ting, as well as other books for younger readers. She brings her sketchbook everywhere, and writes down ideas for her books. She wanted to grow up to be a figure skater. She changed her mind because she enjoyed drawing pictures of herself as an ice skater.

Lin was born on May 17, 1974. Her parents were immigrants. She grew up in New York. She has one older sister named Lissy, and a younger sister named Ki-Ki. She married a man named Robert Mercer. He died from cancer in 2007. te a book called "Robert’s Snow" to raise money for cancer research. She now has a daughter who was born in 2012. In 2010, she married her second husband, Alex. Lin is a graduate of Rhode Island School of Design. She lives in Florence, Massachusetts.

"Where the Mountain Meets the Moon" received a 2010 John Newbery Honor. She also received an Honorable Mention from APAAL (Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature) in 2007 for "Year of the Dog." She was nominated for the 2007-08 Texas Bluebonnet Award. Several of her books have been chosen for Al Roker’s Today Show Book Club.


Nasrin Oryakhil

Nasrin Oryakhil (born 1964) is a gynecologist and obstetrician from Afghanistan. She received a 2014 International Women of Courage Award. 

In 2004, Oryakhil became the Director of the Malalai Maternity Hospital in Kabul, Afghanistan. At that hospital, she started the first clinic for obstetric fistula repair in Afghanistan. She is the president of the NGO Afghan Family Health Association, and a member of the Afghan Women's Network. 

Oryakhil is also part of a group to create a Medical Council in Afghanistan. She supported the creation of the Afghan Midwives Association.

Oryakhil is a member of the Afghan Women’s Network. She speaks to the Parliament and at professional medical conferences. She is part of a working group to start a Medical Council in Afghanistan. 

In 2014, Oryakhil received an International Women of Courage Award.



First Graders

First Graders () is a 1984 Iranian documentary feature movie. This movie was directed by Abbas Kiarostami.

Where Is the Friend's Home?

Where Is the Friend's Home? (, "Khane-ye doust kodjast") is a 1987 Iranian movie. This movie directed and written by Iranian director Abbas Kiarostami. 


Thermophile

A thermophile is an organism – a type of extremophile – that thrives at relatively high temperatures. That means between about . Many thermophiles are archaea. Thermophilic eubacteria may have been among the earliest bacteria.

Thermophiles are found in various geothermally heated parts of the Earth's surface. Examples are hot springs like those in Yellowstone National Park and deep sea hydrothermal vents. Also decaying plant matter, such as peat bogs and compost, makes higher temperatures.

Grant Gustin

Thomas Grant Gustin (born January 14, 1990) is an American actor and singer. He is known for portraying the roles of Sebastian Smythe on "Glee" and Barry Allen/The Flash on "The Flash".

He was born in Norfolk, Virginia to his mother Tina Haney, a pediatric nurse. He attended the Governor's School for the Arts program in Norfolk for Musical Theatre. He has also been to Hurrah Players Incorporated and graduated from Granby High School. He would then go to the BFA Music Theatre Program at Elon University in North Carolina for two years.

From September 30, 2010 to September 23, 2011, Gustin played the role of Baby John in the Broadway Revival Tour of "West Side Story".





John Wesley Shipp

John Wesley Shipp (born January 22, 1955) is an American actor. He is known for portraying the roles of Barry Allen on the CBS television show "The Flash", Mitch Leery on "Dawson's Creek", Kelly Nelson on "Guiding Light", and Douglas Cummings on "As the World Turns".

He won a Daytime Emmy Award in the category of Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for "As the World Turns" in 1986. He also won a Daytime Emmy Award in the category of Outstanding Guest Performer in a Daytime Drama Series for "Santa Barbara" in 1987.

In 2014, it was announced that Shipp would be cast as Henry Allen, the father of Barry Allen in The CW's "The Flash".



Fatimata Touré

Fatimata Touré is a women's rights activist and the head of the Regional Forum on Reconciliation and Peace in Gao, Mali. She is also the head of Women’s Action, Research, Study and Training Group, which works against fistula. In 2014, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

During the 2012 and 2013 fighting in Mali, a hospital in Gao was attacked. Touré helped the fistula patients find a new place to live, and find medical help. Touré also gave care and shelter to those forced into marriages or raped. She also spoke against violence against women. She made a record of what happened, even as her own home was attacked.



Android

The word Android may mean one of two things:


Information retrieval

Information retrieval is a field of Computer science that looks at how non-trivial data can be obtained from a collection of information resources. Commonly, either a full-text search is done, or the metadata which describes the resources is searched. Depending on the content, there may also be other indices. Information retrieval is about finding existing information; it is different from knowledge discovery in databases which is about finding new relationships between different datasets, which were unknown. 

Techniques from information retrieval are commonly used in internet search engines, but also when looking for information on a subject in a library, or when searching complex content such as images in a database. This kind of content is usually described using metadata. 

When looking for information, the following problems are commonly encountered: 
A system for information retrieval will attach a score to each document returned. This score reflects how well the document matches the query of the user. The documents with the best scores are shown to the user, who has the possibility to refine the query. 

There are different kinds of models that are used in information retrieval



In addition, each model has parameters, which influence its performance. Some of the models make a number of assumption about the data; they were developed for a very special purpose. Using such a model for a different purpose may not yield good results.

House Party

House Party is a 1990 American comedy movie. The movie is about a group of teenagers who attend a house party. Robin Harris plays Christopher, Kid's father. Martin Lawrence plays Bilal. Tisha Campbell plays Sydney.

"House Party" was released on March 9, 1990. It got positive reviews from critics.


Oinikhol Bobonazarova

Oinikhol Bobonazarova is a Tajikistani human rights activist. In 2014 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

In 1993, the Tajik government arrested Bobonazarova. They said Bobonazarova planned to take over the government by violence. Bobonazarova was in jail for a few months. Then she became a human rights counselor in the Tajik office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. She also worked for the Tajik branch of the Open Society Foundation. In 2013, she became the head of the “Perspektiva Plus” human rights group. They work for the rights of prisoners, women, and Tajikistani labor migrants. She also worked to create Tajikistan's first independent prison monitoring program. In 2004, Tajik prisons closed to outsiders. 

In 2013, Bobonazarova was the first woman to try to run for president in Tajikistan. Her campaign did not get enough signatures. She was the first Tajikistani woman to receive the International Women of Courage Award.


Pseudomonadales

The Pseudomonadales are an order of Proteobacteria. They are gram-negative. Some species can cause diseases, they are pathogen. For example, "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" can cause sepsis. "Azomonas" and "Azotobacter" are able to fix nitrogen.

There are two families: The Moraxellaceae and Pseudomonadaceae. Some examples:



Doug Parker

William Douglas "Doug" Parker is the current Chairman and CEO of American Airlines, Inc.

Parker was born . In 1984 he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Albion College. In 1986 he received his MBA from Vanderbilt University. The same year he started with American Airlines in financial management. In 1991 he moved to Northwest Airlines as Vice President and Treasurer. He moved to America West Airlines in 1995 as their Chief financial officer. On September 1, 2001 he became CEO of America West. After the September 11 attacks in New York and Washington DC the airline business was in financial trouble. Parker lobbied Congress for a financial bailout to keep his airline out of bankruptcy. He was given a $380 million USD loan that saved his airline. In 2005 he became president of US Airways Inc., a subsidiary of US Airways Group Inc.

Parker has served on the board of Arizona Public Service. He also serves on the board of Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings.

Parker's wife Gwen is a former flight attendant. They have three children. In 2007, Doug Parker pleaded guilty to his third DUI and was sentenced to 1 day in jail.


House Party 2

House Party 2 is a 1991 American comedy movie. This movie is about a pajama party. Queen Latifah plays Zora. Martin Lawrence plays Bilal. Tisha Campbell is also in the movie.

The movie got negative reviews from critics. It started at #1 at the box office.


Sophie Turner

Sophie Belinda Jonas (born née Turner; 21 February 1996) is a British actress. She plays Sansa Stark in "Game of Thrones", She played Young Adeline March in "The Thirteenth Tale". She also played Heather in the 2015 comedy movie "Barely Lethal".

She was born in Northampton, England. In 2019, she married singer-songwriter Joe Jonas. They have two daughters together. On September 5, 2023, Jonas filed for divorce from Turner.

Bird (movie)

Bird is a 1988 American biographical movie. It was both directed and produced by Clint Eastwood. "Bird" was released on September 30, 1988. The movie is about the life and music of jazz saxophonist Charlie "Bird" Parker.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 78% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie won an Academy Award for Best Sound, a Golden Globe Award for Best Director, and Forest Whitaker won Best Actor at the Cannes Film Festival.


Mac (movie)

Mac is a 1992 drama movie. The movie is about three brothers who go into construction when their father dies. John Turturro plays Mac. Aida Turturro plays the wife. Ellen Barkin plays Oona Goldfarb. 

The movie was released in February 1993. 


Bardo National Museum attack

On 18 March 2015, two gunmen dressed in military uniform attacked the Bardo National Museum in Tunis, Tunisia, taking hostages. 23 people, mostly tourists, were killed in the attack, while another 50 were injured. The two gunmen were also shot dead by police in the attack. 19 foreign tourists were killed in the attack, including including four Italians, two French national, one Russian national, one British national, two Colombians, five Japanese, three Polish nationals, one Australian, and one Spaniard were found to have been killed. Another two Tunisians, a police officer and a citizen, were murdered. The gunmen, Yassine Labidi and Saber Khachnaoui, were also Tunisians. Police called the event a terrorist attack. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant later claimed responsibility for the attack.

Bardo National Museum (Tunis)

The Bardo National Museum (; ) is a national museum in Tunis, Tunisia. In March 2015, the museum was the site of a terrorist attack that left over twenty people dead.

El color de la pasión

El color de la pasión ("The Color of Passion") is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Televisa.

It stars Claudia Ramírez and René Strickler as the protagonists, Esmeralda Pimentel, Helena Rojo and Mariano Palacios as antagonists, with Erick Elias, Eugenia Cauduro and the first actor Luis Couturier.


Old Church Slavonic

Old Church Slavonic is the language of some Eastern Orthodox churches. It was the first Slavic language for writing literature. It was made by the brothers Saints Cyril and Methodius in the 9th century.

Independence (mathematical logic)

In mathematical logic, a sentence is independent from a first-order theory, if that theory cannot be used to prove the sentence as true or false. Sometimes, people also talk about the sentence being "undecidable", but this has nothing to do with the notion of decidability as in solving a decison problem.

Decision problem

In computability theory and computational complexity theory, a decision problem is a question in some formal system with a yes-or-no answer. The answer is dependent on the values of the input parameters. Decision problems typically appear in mathematical questions of decidability, that is, the question of the existence of an effective method to determine the existence of some object or its membership in a set. Some of the most important problems in mathematics are undecidable.

Jeotgalicoccus marinus

Jeotgalicoccus marinus is a species of gram-positive bacteria. The cells are coccoid which means that look like a circle or sphere. They are facultative anaerobic bacteria: They can use oxygen when it is present. It is moderate halophilic.

"Jeotgalicoccus marinus" was isolated from a sea urchin from the South China Sea.

Diabolus in Musica

Diabolus in Musica is the eighth studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "Diabolus in Musica" was released on June 9, 1998 through American Recordings.

The album peaked at #31 on the "Billboard" 200.

It is considered to be Slayer's most experimental album with most of the album's content written by guitarist Jeff Hanneman. Hanneman described writing for the album as, "When we were writing this album I was looking for something to beat; I wanted something to beat, but nothing impresses me right now. Nothing sounded really aggressive or heavy enough to inspire me to beat it, so I just had to come up with my own shit."

Vocalist Tom Araya had concerns over the lyrics that guitarist Kerry King gave to the song "In the Name of God". King said; "It's like, 'C'mon, man, you're in Slayer. You're the antichrist — you said it yourself on the first album!' You can't draw the line like that. Whether he agrees with it or not, he didn't write it — I wrote it. So you have to say, 'Well, it's just a part of being in this band.' Now Jeff and I, we don't give a fuck. If Jeff wrote something I had a problem with, I would never even raise a fucking finger. I'd be like, 'Fuck yeah, let's do it! Gonna piss someone off? Alright!'"

Señorita Pólvora

Señorita Pólvora, is a television series, produced by Teleset for Sony Pictures Television and Televisa, which will be broadcast in the Latin American by TNT. It is the story of a Beauty Queen, who gets involved in a hit, which lead to the premature death of her father.

Señorita Pólvora follows Valentina, a young, beautiful and wealthy woman who falls for a hit man and thus discovers that the love of his life, and his own family, belong to one of the most powerful of Mexico drug cartels. The Chronicle of their explosive life and its gradual descent into the world of crime a journalist who tries to rescue the mortal Queen of beauty performs it.


Jeotgalicoccus halotolerans

Jeotgalicoccus halotolerans is a gram-positive bacterium.
They are facultative anaerobic bacteria: They can use oxygen when it is present. It is moderate halophilic, it growth in the presence of 0–20% NaCl.

"Jeotgalicoccus halotolerans" belongs to the family Staphylococcaceae.

Cyril and Methodius

Saints Cyril and Methodius were brothers and 9th century Christian missionaries. They Christianized the Slavic peoples of the Danube. They influenced the culture and religion of all Slavic peoples. They received the title "Apostles to the Slavs".

The brothers were both born in Thessalonica. Methodios was born and died in 885. Cyril was born and died (under his adopted name Constantine) in 869. Cyril was educated at the university at Constantinople under Photios I of Constantinople. He later taught there when he replaced Photios. Methodios became governor of the province of Opsikion at about the same time.

In 861 the Byzantine Emperor Michael III sent the two brothers to convert the Khazars to Christianity. They continued their religious conversion of the Tatars along the Black Sea for two years. Afterwards the Emperor Michael sent them to Moravia as missionaries. They taught in the Slavic languages and translated the Scriptures into Slavonic. Cyril invented an alphabet called the Glagolitic alphabet. This became the basis for the Cyrillic alphabet. Old Church Slavonic was written in Cyrillic and Glagolitic.

Jeotgalicoccus aerolatus

Jeotgalicoccus aerolatus is a species of bacteria. It is Gram-positive and belongs to the family Staphylococcaceae. It requires oxygen (aerobic).

It was isolated from the air on a turkey farm.

Jeotgalicoccus

Jeotgalicoccus is a genus of gram-positive bacteria. The cells are coccoid which means that they look like a circle or sphere. Most of the species are facultatively anaerobic. They are halotolerant to halophilic.

"Jeotgalicoccus" is named after the Korean fish sauce jeotgal from whence these bacteria were first isolated.

The genus contains following species:

Roll film

Roll film" "is the name for a number of formats for photographic film. Roll film is wound on a spool, as opposed to sheet film which comes in cartridges. The most common formats of roll film are the format 120, and the format 220, which are both used in medium format cameras. Even though the common 35 mm film is also wound on a spool, it is not called roll film. 

Sheet film

Sheet film is a format of photographic film which is supplied in sheets, rather than rolls. It is commonly used in medium and large format photography. 

Jeotgalicoccus coquinae

Jeotgalicoccus coquinae is a species of gram-positive bacteria. The cells are coccoid. It belongs to the family Staphylococcaceae. 

Jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus

Jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus is a gram-positive bacterium.
The cells are coccoid. It is psychrophilic. It growth between 4 and 34 °C.

It belongs to the family Staphylococcaceae.

Jeotgalicoccus nanhaiensis

Jeotgalicoccus nanhaiensis is a gram-positive bacterium. The cells of "Jeotgalicoccus nanhaiensis" are coccoid. Spores are not formed. "Jeotgalicoccus nanhaiensis" belongs to the family Staphylococcaceae.

Jeotgalicoccus halophilus

Jeotgalicoccus halophilus is a species of bacteria.

Kalaupapa

Kalaupapa is an area on the Hawaiian island of Molokai. It is an area where people with the disease leprosy went so they would not infect any other people. Thousands of people from the United States alone were sent there.

Niloofar Rahmani

Niloofar Rahmani (Persian:نیلوفر رحمانی born 1992) is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history. She is also the first female pilot in the Afghani military since the fall of the Taliban in 2001. Though her family received death threats, she persevered to complete her training. 

In 2015, Rahmani won the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

Rahmani was born in Afghanistan in 1992. Since she was a child, she had a dream of becoming a pilot and spent nearly a year studying English to be able to attend flight school. She enlisted in the Afghan Air Force Officer Training Program in 2010 and in July 2012 graduated as a Second Lieutenant.

Two female helicopter pilots during the Soviet era, along with her father, served as inspiration for Rahmani's achievement. Her first solo flight was in a Cessna 182. Wanting to fly larger aircraft, she went to advanced flight school and was soon flying the C-208 military cargo aircraft. Women are traditionally banned from transporting dead or wounded soldiers; however, Rahmani defied orders when she discovered injured soldiers upon landing in one mission. Flying them to a hospital, she reported her actions to her superiors, who imposed no sanctions.

When her achievements were publicized, Captain Rahmani's family received threats from both family members and the Taliban, who disapproved of her ambition and career choices. The family has had to move several times but Rahmani is resolute and aims to fly a larger C-130 plane and become a flight instructor to inspire other women.


Dancing Machine

"Dancing Machine" is a 1973 hit song by The Jackson 5. The song reached #2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. It also hit #1 on the American R&B charts. The Jackson 5 got their second Grammy Award nomination for this song.

The song was released on February 19, 1974. It sold more than three million copies.

BBMak

BBMak were an English pop group. The group had three members. They had two hit singles between 1999 and 2003. The singles were "Back Here" and "Still on Your Side". The group were founded in 1999. They disbanded in 2003.

The group sold more than three million albums worldwide.

TNT (American TV network)

Turner Network Television (TNT) (stylized as TNT Drama) is an American cable and satellite television network. It is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of WarnerMedia. The channel's programming consists of television series and feature movies. It broadcasts mostly dramatic programming, along with some professional sports events. The sports events include NBA basketball games and PGA golf.

As of February 2015, TNT was available to about 95.3 million households (81.9% of households with at least one television set) in the United States.

, TNT was received by approximately 89.573 million households that subscribe to a subscription television service throughout the United States.

Camila Sodi

Camila Sodi (born Camila Ía González Sodi on 14 May 1986 in Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican singer, actress and model. She is the niece of actress and singer Thalía.

Saúl Lisazo

Saúl Lisazo (born June 1, 1956 in Los Toldos, province of Buenos Aires in Argentina) is an Argentine actor and ex-footballer.

No Diggity

"No Diggity" is a 1996 new jack swing and rhythm and blues song by Blackstreet. The song reached #1 in the United States and in New Zealand.

The song contains rap verses inside it. The rap verses were performed by Teddy Riley and Dr. Dre.

Macarena

"Macarena" is a Spanish dance song by Los del Rio. The single is about a woman named Macarena. It was on the 1993 album "A mi me gusta". The song was an international hit in 1995, 1996 and 1997.

The song was recorded in 1992. It was released on August 15, 1995 in the United States. A reworked version peaked at #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1996. It stayed there for 14 weeks. The song was also performed by the Bayside Boys.

The original version was released in Spanish language in 1993.

Vänersborg Church

The Vänersborg Church () is a church building in the central parts of the town of Vänersborg in Sweden. It belongs to the Vänersborg and Väne-Ryr Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was built between 1783 and 1784. It was inaugurated on 5 August 1784.

Brad Richards

Bradley Glenn Richards (born May 2, 1980) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Tampa Bay Lightning, Dallas Stars, New York Rangers, and Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Richards played 1 season with the Notre Dame Hounds of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League (SJHL) and 3 seasons with the Rimouski Océanic of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). Over his QMJHL career, Richards was able to win the Jean Béliveau Trophy for being the league leader with 186 points, the Telus Cup for being the league's best offensive player, both the QMJHL and Canadian Hockey League Plus/Minus Awards, he was named as a First-Team All-Star in both the Quebec circuit, as well as the CHL and was also named the CHL Player of the Year and Leading Scorer. During the postseason, he was able to win the Guy Lafleur Trophy for being the MVP of the QMJHL playoffs and the Stafford Smythe Memorial Trophy for being the MVP of the 2000 Memorial Cup after the Océanic won both the QMJHL playoff title and the CHL national championship.

Richards was drafted 64th overall by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. During the same draft, the Lightning also decided to draft Vincent Lecavalier who is Richard's best friend since the age of 14 and was his roommate at Athol Murray College of Notre Dame and his teammate with the Rimouski Océanic.

In 2004, Richards won both the Conn Smythe and Lady Byng Memorial trophies and also won the Stanley Cup with the Lightning.

During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Richard decided to play for Ak Bars Kazan of the Russian Superleague (RSL). He also played for Team Canada during the 2006 Winter Olympics. When Canada was eliminated from the 2006 playoffs, the Lightning signed Richards to a five-year, $39 million contract.

On February 26, 2008, the Lightning traded Richards and goaltender Johan Holmqvist to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Mike Smith, Jeff Halpern, Jussi Jokinen and a 4th round draft pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. During the 2008 Playoffs, he was able to tie an NHL record after he scored four points in a single period in game 2 against the San Jose Sharks.

He was able to record 16 goals and 48 points in 55 games in the 2008–09 NHL season before he broke his right wrist after being checked from Columbus Blue Jackets forward Jakub Voráček on February 16, 2009. On March 21, he returned to the lineup but he broke his other hand in the third period of a loss against San Jose. He did not return and the Stars missed the playoffs.

On July 2, 2011, he signed a nine-year, $60 million contract with the New York Rangers after he became an unrestricted free agent. He scored his first NHL hat-trick against the Buffalo Sabres on April 19, 2013. On June 20, 2014, the Rangers bought out Richard's contract.

On July 1, 2014, Richards signed a one-year, $2 million contract with the Chicago Blackhawks. He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning, in the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals. They won the Stanley Cup in six games.

On July 1, 2015, Richards signed a one-year, $3 million contract with the Detroit Red Wings.

The Stooges

The Stooges are an American protopunk band. They were formed in 1967 in Ann Arbor, Michigan and began to record music two years later. Their first album was released in August 1969. It was produced by John Cale from The Velvet Underground. They released two more albums before the first members broke up in 1974.


Nadia Sharmeen

Nadia Sharmeen (Bengali: নাদিয়া শারমীন) is a crime reporter from Bangladesh, who writes news stories about crime. In 2015, Sharmeen received the US State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

In 2014, the global campaign One Billion Rising for Justice used her story to persuade the Bangladeshi government to accept the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW). 

From the time she was in Middle School, Nadia Sharmeen wanted to become a journalist. In 2009, she joined the Bangladesh group of news reporters and became a crime reporter.

In 2013 Sharmeen went to a fundamentalist Islamic rally to report about it for Ekushey Television. At the rally, Hefazat-e-Islam activists attacked Sharmeen. The reason for the rally was to demand laws to limit or control the mixing of men and women in the same space, punish atheists, require women to wear headscarves, and other religion-based rules. The Hefazat had a list with 13 demands. They wanted the government to stop supporting the current Women's Policy, which was planned to create gender equality.

Journalists were attacked and tortured in many places in Dhaka and Chittagong. Women garbage collectors were also attacked. Sharmeen's attackers targeted women who did not wear the hijab, or religious head scarf. Nadia said they attacked her, “only because I am a woman”. Fifty or sixty men attacked Sharmeen. They chased Sharmeen and hit her with water bottles and pieces of brick. When Sharmeen fell, other men punched and beat her. Several male reporters and cameramen tried to save Sharmeen. Then they became targets of the mob.

They took Sharmeen to Dhaka Medical College and Hospital for emergency care. When she was better, they moved her to Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University Hospital. Within days, a report was filed with the police. 

By July, 2013, there were still no arrests, so the Human Rights and Peace for Bangladesh organization asked the Supreme Court of Bangladesh to help Sharmeen. The court called for arrest of the men who attacked Sharmeen, and said the government was responsible to pay for her medical care. Nearly two years after the attack, no one was identified, and no one was arrested. After Sharmeen got better, she went back to work as a crime reporter for a different news agency, Ekattor TV]. After the attack on Sharmeen, women's rights activists staged several rallies, with the support of various press clubs, the Bangladesh National Women Lawyers Association (BNWLA) and other organizations.


Andrew Desjardins

Andrew Desjardins (born July 27, 1986) is a Canadian ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the San Jose Sharks.

Before playing in the NHL, Desjardins played 4 seasons Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He turned professional and played 1 seasons with the Laredo Bucks of the Central Hockey League (CHL). He then played 5 games with the Phoenix RoadRunners of the ECHL.

On June 26, 2010, the San Jose Sharks signed Desjardins as a free agent. He played parts of 5 years with the San Jose Sharks.

On March 2, 2015, the Sharks traded Desjardins to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Ben Smith.


Bound for Glory (2013)

Bound for Glory (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on October 20, 2013 at the Viejas Arena in San Diego, California. It was the ninth Bound for Glory event that TNA held and was also the fourth event in TNA's 2013 pay-per-view schedule. This was the first time that TNA held an event in San Diego.

There were eight matches on the card. The main event saw A.J. Styles defeat Bully Ray to win the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.

One Billion Rising

One Billion Rising is a global movement, started by Eve Ensler, to end rape and sexual violence against women. The "billion" is the number of women who will be raped or beaten in their lifetime. According to the United Nations, the number is one in three women, or about one billion.

The campaign was started by playwright and activist Eve Ensler. Ensler wrote the play "The Vagina Monologues"). She started the organization V-Day. The idea for the organization came from the Todd Akin 'legitimate rape' and pregnancy comment controversy. Ensler was shocked at Akin's statement. She wrote an open letter in answer.

In 2012, the One Billion Rising campaign resulted in the biggest mass global action to end violence against women ever. There were tens of thousands of events.

By September 20, 2012, people from 160 countries had signed up to take part in the campaign.

Around 5,000 organizations joined the campaign. The campaign was supported by religious ministers, movement builders, actors Rosario Dawson and Robert Redford, and Stella Creasy, a British Labour Co-operative politician.

Anoushka Shankar, a classical musician from India, made a video message dedicated to Jyoti Singh. Singh was the Indian student who died in December after she was gang-raped by six men on a Delhi bus. In the video, Shankar said she was abused by a trusted friend of her parents over several years when she was a child. In her message she said she did not believe she will ever recover from the abuse she had suffered: "...as a woman I find I'm frequently living in fear, afraid to walk along at night, afraid to answer a man who asks for the time, afraid I'm going to be judged or treated in ways based on the way I might choose to dress or the make up I might choose to wear, and you know, enough is enough. I'm rising for women like Jyoti, for women like her, with the amazing women of my country I'm rising for the child in me who I don't think will ever fully recover from what happened to her."

On February 14, 2013, there were rallies in more than 190 countries. The one-day event happened after a call for one billion women around the world to join together to dance in a show of group strength. The activities were on the 15th anniversary of the V-Day movement. The word "billion" refers the number that one in three women will be raped or beaten in their lifetime, or about one billion. 

One Billion Rising for Justice was in February 2014. Bollywood Superstar Aamir Khan, who talked about such issues on his TV Show Satyamev Jayate, supported One Billion Rising Campaign in New Delhi. In Los Angeles, a number of events protested violence against women soldiers and prisoners. Many famous people participated, including Jane Fonda, Anne Hathaway, Marisa Tomei, and Dylan McDermott.

In 2015, the name was One Billion Rising Revolution. More than 200 countries planned to participate. In Italy, more than 100 cities planned events. All 34 provinces of Afghanistan planned events.

Kimberlé Crenshaw, famous Critical Race Theory figure and professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, supported One Billion Rising to help create awareness of the difficulties girls of color face in New York and Boston schools. These issues include the school-to-prison pipeline, stereotyping, and the difference in suspension reasons and numbers compared to white girls (the rates being 10 times higher than for white girls). 


Jeotgalicoccus huakuii

Jeotgalicoccus huakuii is a bacterium. It is gram-positive. The cells are coccoid. It tolerates salt, it is moderately halophilic. It grows in the presence of 0–23% sodium chloride (NaCl). "Jeotgalicoccus huakuii" is a facultative anaerobic bacteria: It growth under aerobic (oxygen is present) or anaerobic conditions (no oxygen is present).

It belongs to the family Staphylococcaceae.

Jeotgalicoccus pinnipedialis

Jeotgalicoccus pinnipedialis is a gram-positive bacterium. The cells are coccoid. "Jeotgalicoccus pinnipediales" is a facultative anaerobic bacteria: It growth under aerobic (oxygen is present) or anaerobic conditions (oxygen is not present). It was found in the swab of the mouth of a Southern elephant seal.

It belongs to the Staphylococcaceae.

Evan Brophey

Evan Brophey (born December 3, 1986) is a Canadian ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the EHC Red Bull München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He has also played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Chicago Blackhawks and Colorado Avalanche.

Before playing in the NHL, Brophey played parts of 7 years in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Barrie Colts, Belleville Bulls, and the Plymouth Whalers.

He was drafted 68th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. On May 15, 2007, the Blackhawks signed him to a three-year entry level contract. On October 23, 2010, the Blackhawks recalled Brophey from their AHL-affiliate, the Rockford IceHogs. He made his NHL debut the same day in a 3-2 loss against the Columbus Blue Jackets.

On July 8, 2011, he signed a one-year contract with the Colorado Avalanche as a free agent. The Avalanche sent him to their AHL-affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters. He was recalled by the Avalanche on December 16, 2011.

On July 30, 2013, he signed as a free agent to a one-year deal with EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL). He signed a one-year contract with EHC Red Bull München on June 5, 2014.


Arrondissements of the Lot-et-Garonne department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Lot-et-Garonne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The 4 arrondissements of Lot-et-Garonne are:


Since its creation, the Lot-et-Garonne department has had some changes:

On 4 November 1808, several of the original southeastern cantons in the arrondissements of Agen and Villeneuve-sur-Lot were separated from the Lot-et-Garonne to become a part of the newly created department of Tarn-et-Garonne.

Arrondissement of Agen

The arrondissement of Agen is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Lot-et-Garonne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Agen.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Agen was one of them in the Lot-et-Garonne department.

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" Villeneuve-sur-Lot, to the east by the Tarn-et-Garonne department, to the south by the Gers department, to the west by the "arrondissement" Nérac and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" Marmande.

It is in the southeast of the department and it is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of Lot-et-Garonne, with an area of , and a population of 120,235 inhabitants; its population density is of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Agen, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Le Confluent and Le Pays de Serres. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Agen has 71 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Marmande

The arrondissement of Marmande is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Lot-et-Garonne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and subpréfecture of the department, is the city of Marmande.

When the Lot-et-Garonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Marmande was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Marmande has an area of . It has 83,245 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is in the northwest of Lot-et-Garonne and is bordered to the north by the Dordogne department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Villeneuve-sur-Lot, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Agen, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Nérac and to the west by the Gironde department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Marmande, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Les Forêts de Gascogne and Le Val du Dropt. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Marmande has 98 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Nérac

The arrondissement of Nérac is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Lot-et-Garonne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and subpréfecture of the department, is the city of Nérac.

When the Lot-et-Garonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nérac was part of that original department. In 1926, the arrondissement was eliminated but, 1942, it became again an arrondissement

The "arrondissement" of Nérac is in the southwest of Lot-et-Garonne, with an area of . It has 39,227 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Marmande, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Agen, to the south by the Gers department, to the southwest by the Landes department and to the northwest by the Gironde department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Nérac, there is only one canton where not all its "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Les Forêts de Gascogne. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Nérac has 58 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Villeneuve-sur-Lot

The arrondissement of Villeneuve-sur-Lot is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Lot-et-Garonne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and subpréfecture of the department, is the city of Villeneuve-sur-Lot.

When the Lot-et-Garonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Villeneuve-sur-Lot was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Villeneuve-sur-Lot is in the northeast of Lot-et-Garonne, with an area of , the largest "arrondissement" of the department. It has 90,527 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Dordogne department, to the east by the Lot department, to the southeast by the Tarn-et-Garonne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Agen and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Marmande.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Villeneuve-sur-Lot, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Le Confluent, Le Pays de Serres and Le Val du Dropt. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Villeneuve-sur-Lot has 92 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Katherine Applegate

Katherine Alice Applegate (born October 9, 1956) is an American author.

Applegate was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan, on October 9, 1956. She grew up in Grand Rapids, a large city in Michigan. Applegate went to the University of Texas in Austin. She graduated from college in 1979. 

Applegate is known for writing children's books. She wrote many of them for Disney Press and contain Disney characters. Her husband, Michael Grant, helped her write many of her 150 books. Applegate is best known for science fiction and fantasy, which is reflected in her famous series: "Animorphs." She has also written many realistic fiction novels, especially about girls in high school. 

Applegate has written mostly children's books. Her most famous is "The One and Only Ivan," the story of a gorilla who lives caged in a shopping mall. This book won a Newbery Medal in 2013, which is given to America's best children's book. Another popular series she created, "Animorphs" has been turned into a Nickelodeon television show. In 2012 Eve and Adam was recorded to be an audio book with Macmillan Audio. Along with her amazing books she also has a husband and two daughters.

Thanhha Lai

Thanhha Lai (born 1965) is an American writer who was born in Vietnam. She won the 2011 National Book Award for Young People's Literature and a Newbery Medal for her first novel, "Inside Out & Back Again", published by HarperCollins.

Rita Williams-Garcia

Rita Williams-Garcia (born 1957) is an American writer of novels for children and young adults. In 2010, her novel "Jumped" was a National Book Award finalist. She won the 2011 Newbery Honor Award, Coretta Scott King Award, and Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction for her book "One Crazy Summer". She has won the PEN/Norma Klein Award. Her 2013 book, "P.S. Be Eleven", was a Junior Literary Guild selection, a "New York Times" Editors Choice Book, and won the Coretta Scott King Award in 2014. In 2016 her book "Gone Crazy in Alabama" won the Coretta Scott King Award. In 2017, her book "Clayton Byrd Goes Underground" was a finalist for the National Book Award for young people's literature.

Williams-Garcia was born in Queens, New York. Her father was in the military. She graduated from Hofstra University in 1980. At Hofstra, she studied with Richard Price and Sonya Pilcer. She lives in Jamaica, New York. She taught for many years at Vermont College of Fine Arts.

Sam Marin

Samuel David Marin is an American voice actor and animator. He is mostly known for his work on the animated series Regular Show as the voices of the characters Benson, Pops, and Muscle Man, and many other additional roles.

Sam Marin was born on March 14, 1984 in Rochester, Michigan. He moved to California in 2002 to major in character animation at CalArts. He met fellow animator J.G. Quintel, who was in the same class as him, and the two became friends. Marin would help Quintel on his student films, such as "The Naive Man from Lolliland" and "2 in the AM PM", and voiced characters in the films. This would have started his career in voice acting. Marin later graduated from CalArts and got a job as an animator at Walt Disney Animation Studios, where he worked for three years before Regular Show was greenlit. Marin left Disney in 2009 to work for Cartoon Network.

Marin lives in an undisclosed location in the Los Angeles metro area, drawing in his freetime.

Amores con trampa

Amores con trampa, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Emilio Larrosa for Televisa. It is the remake of the telenovela "Somos los Carmona" produced in 2013.The production of the telenovela began in November 2014.

Itatí Cantoral, Ernesto Laguardia and Eduardo Yáñez star as the protagonists.

Amores con trampa, it is the life of a family of field that moves to the capital in search of a better future.

Pilot (disambiguation)

A pilot is a person who drives a vehicle.

"Pilot" might also mean:


En nombre del amor

En nombre del amor ("In the Name of Love") is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Televisa. In 2010 it won two Premios TVyNovelas awards. The first was for "Best Breakthrough Male" and went to Sebastián Zurita. Leticia Calderón won the "Best Actress Antagonist" award.

Staphylococcaceae

Staphylococcaceae is a family of bacteria. The bacteria of this family are gram-positive. Some of the genus "Staphylococcus" are harmful: they are pathogens.

The Staphylococcaceae belong to order Bacillales and consists of the following genera:


Alexandrium tamarense

Alexandrium tamarense is a dinoflagellate. It produces the neurotoxin saxitoxin. This toxin causes the human illness paralytic shellfish poisoning (PSP).

"Alexandrium tamarense" often occurs in Mediterranean coastal waters.

Wild Turkey (bourbon)

Wild Turkey is an American brand of Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey. Wild Turkey is bottled and distilled by Campari Group's Austin Nichols division.

The first distillery was created in Tyrone, Kentucky by the Ripy brothers in 1869. In 1905, the Ripy Brothers Distillery was opened by the sons of T.B. Ripy. They started distilling again after Prohibition ended. In 1940, the 'Wild Turkey' brand name was created when Thomas MCarthey, a distillery executive, took a some of the bourbon on his Wild Turkey hunting trip.

On April 8, 2009, the brand and distillery were acquired by the Campari Group.


Steve Clark

Stephen Maynard Clark (23 April 1960 – 8 January 1991) was an English singer-songwriter, musician and recording artist. He was best known co-lead guitarist and a main songwriter for the hard rock band Def Leppard from 1978 until his death.

Clark was born in Hillsborough, Sheffield. He was engaged to the American model Lorelei Shellis until shortly before his death. At the time of death, his girlfriend was Janie Dean.

Clark was found dead on 8 January 1991 in his Chelsea, London apartment. He was 30. The cause of his death was respiratory failure due to an accidental overdose of prescription drugs and alcohol.

2015 Sana'a mosque bombings

The 2015 Sana'a mosque bombings were a series of four suicide bombings. They happened during midday prayers on March 20, 2015 in Sana'a, Yemen, killing 142 people. It left 357 people injured. The mosques were mainly attended by Houthis supporters. The Houthis are the ruling faction in Sana'a. Islamic State later claimed that they were behind the bombings.

 

Bacillales

The Bacillales are an order of Gram-positive bacteria. Many bacteria of this order make endospores.

The order include the following families: 

Zuhr prayer

The ẓuhr prayer ( ""  , "noon prayer") is the prayer offered at midday. The name Zuhr was given to this prayer because it falls halfway between two daily prayers, those being Fajir (dawn) and Isha (first darkness or night). Practicing Muslims make this prayer daily. It is the second of the five daily prayers ("salat").

On Friday the Zuhr prayer is replaced by "Jumu'ah". It is an obligation for Muslim men but women and children may be excused. The Zuhr prayer, on Friday, is led by a Khutba which is a speech given by the leader of the mosque (Imam).

Forgiveness

Forgiveness is the choice that a person makes not to punish or try to get revenge against another person for something bad that the other person did or something that is illegal or immoral. When someone forgives someone else, they stop hating that person. They wish their offender well.
Forgiveness is a mental or spiritual process. It means no longer feeling angry at another person, or at yourself. This could be because of a crime, a sin, an offense, an insult, a difference, an error, a mistake, or a failure. Forgiveness does not require punishment or restitution. It is given without any expectation of compensation. Forgiveness may involve offering an apology. Forgiveness involves the feelings of the person who forgives and their relationship with the person being forgiven. Forgiveness can occur without the person being forgiven ever knowing about it. For example, a person can forgive another person who is dead or who is not seen for a long time. Forgiveness means forgetting offenses. It is sincere and genuine. It does not impose humiliating conditions. It is not motivated by pride. True forgiveness is known by deeds and not by words.

Most world religions include teachings about forgiveness. These teachings form the basis of modern traditions and practices of forgiveness.

In Judaism, if a person causes harm, he or she must go to those he or she has harmed and ask for forgiveness. If he or she sincerely and honestly apologizes to the person who he or she has harmed and tries to rectify the wrong, the wronged person must forgive him or her. 

"Just as I forgive everyone, so may You grant me grace in the eyes of others, that they too forgive me absolutely." —Tefila Zaka

Each year, Jews observe Yom Kippur, or a Day of Atonement. Before Yom Kippur, Jews will ask forgiveness of those they have wronged during the past year (if they have not already done so). During Yom Kippur itself, Jews fast and pray for God's forgiveness for the sins they have made against God in the past year. God can only forgive one for the sins one has committed against God. This is why it is necessary for Jews also to seek forgiveness from those people who they have wronged.

In Christianity, Jesus spoke of the importance of forgiving others, or showing mercy. In the New Testament, there are several examples. 

“Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.” —Matthew 5:7 (NIV) 
“But I tell you who hear me: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. If someone strikes you on one cheek, turn to him the other also.” —Luke 6:27-29 (NIV) 
“Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.” —Luke 6:36 (NIV) 
“Do not judge, and you will not be judged. Do not condemn, and you will not be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven.” —Luke 6:37 (NIV)

Jesus used the (Matthew 18:21-35) to say that we should forgive without limits. The Parable of the Prodigal Son is perhaps the best known parable about forgiveness and refers to God's forgiveness for his people.

Islam teaches that Allah is "Al-Ghaffur" ("The Oft-Forgiving") and that Allah is the original source of all forgiveness. Seeking forgiveness from Allah with repentance is a virtue.

There are numerous verses in the Qur'an and the Hadiths that recommend forgiveness. 

"Allah forgives what is past." —Qur'an 5:95

Islam recommends forgiveness between believers, because Allah values forgiveness. However, Islam also allows revenge, to the extent of the harm that was done. 

"The recompense for an injury is an injury equal thereto: but if a person forgives and makes reconciliation, his reward is due from Allah: for Allah loveth not those who do wrong." —Qur'an 42:40

Forgiveness between believers is encouraged, with a promise of reward from Allah.

In the Bahá'í Faith, explains how to be forgiving towards others.

"Love the creatures for the sake of God and not for themselves. You will never become angry or impatient if you love them for the sake of God. Humanity is not perfect. There are imperfections in every human being, and you will always become unhappy if you look toward the people themselves. But if you look toward God, you will love them and be kind to them, for the world of God is the world of perfection and complete mercy. Therefore, do not look at the shortcomings of anybody; see with the sight of forgiveness." —`Abdu'l-Bahá, "The Promulgation of Universal Peace", p. 92

The writings of Shoghi Effendi, the Guardian of the Bahá'í Faith, state that you should "forgive and forget" a person's actions against you, so that you will be forgiven.

In Buddhism, forgiveness prevents harmful thoughts from damaging a person’s mental well-being. Buddhism recognizes that feelings of hatred have a lasting effect on karma. Buddhism encourages thoughts that have a positive effect. 

"In contemplating the law of karma, we realize that it is not a matter of seeking revenge but of practicing mettā and forgiveness, for the victimizer is, truly, the most unfortunate of all." 

When there is resentment, the Buddhist practice is to calmly release them. Buddhism focuses on release from suffering through meditation.

Buddhism questions the emotions that make forgiveness necessary. 

"If we haven’t forgiven, we keep creating an identity around our pain, and that is what is reborn. That is what suffers."

Buddhism emphasizes "mettā" (loving kindness), "karuṇā" (compassion), "mudita" (joy), and "upekkhā" (equanimity), as ways to avoid resentments in the first place. These ideas help to understand suffering in the world, both our own suffering and the suffering of others.

Forgiveness is one of the six cardinal virtues of Hinduism. A person who does not forgive carries baggage of bad memories, negative feelings, and unresolved emotions that affect the present as well as the future. In Hinduism, one must forgive others, and one must also seek forgiveness for wronging someone else.

Hindu epics and ancient literature also discuss forgiveness. For example:

"Forgiveness is virtue; forgiveness is sacrifice; forgiveness is the Vedas; forgiveness is the Shruti; ... forgiveness is holiness; and by forgiveness ... the universe is held together." —Mahabharata, Book 3, Vana Parva, Section XXIX
"Righteousness is the one highest good, forgiveness is the one supreme peace, knowledge is one supreme contentment, and benevolence, one sole happiness." —Mahabharata, Book 5, Udyoga Parva, Section XXXIII
In Hinduism, you seek forgiveness from those you have wronged, and from society at large through charity, purification, fasting, rituals, and meditation. Forgiveness in Hinduism does not require that a person make peace with their offender and it does not rule out reconciliation in some situations. Forgiveness in Hindu philosophy is being compassionate, tender, kind and letting go of the harm or hurt caused by someone or something else. Forgiveness is essential for one to free oneself from negative thoughts, and being able to focus on blissfully living a moral and ethical life ("dharmic" life). In the highest self-realized state, forgiveness becomes essence of one’s personality, where the persecuted person remains unaffected, without agitation, without feeling like a victim, free from anger ("akrodhi").

In Jainism, forgiveness is one of the main virtues that needs to be acquired by the Jains. Forgiveness (or "kṣamāpanā") forms part of one of the ten characteristics of "dharma". Jain texts quote Māhavīra on forgiveness:

By practicing "prāyaṣcitta" (repentance), a soul gets rid of sins, and commits no transgressions; he who correctly practises "prāyaṣcitta" gains the road and the reward of the road, he wins the reward of good conduct. By begging forgiveness he obtains happiness of mind; thereby he acquires a kind disposition towards all kinds of living beings; by this kind disposition he obtains purity of character and freedom from fear.— Māhavīra in "Uttarādhyayana Sūtra" 29:17–18
In the Jain prayer "pratikramana", Jains repeatedly seek forgiveness from various creatures — even from beings like plants and microorganisms that they may have harmed while eating and working.

I ask pardon of all creatures, may all creatures pardon me.
May I have friendship with all beings and enmity with none.
In their daily prayers, Jains seek forgiveness from all creatures:

I seek forgiveness from all those living beings which I may have tortured while walking, coming and going, treading on living organism, seeds, green grass, dew drops, ant hills, moss, live water, live earth, spider web and others. I seek forgiveness from all these living beings, be they — one sensed, two sensed, three sensed, four sensed or five sensed. Which I may have kicked, covered with dust, rubbed with ground, collided with other, turned upside down, tormented, frightened, shifted from one place to another or killed and deprived them of their lives. (By confessing) may I be absolved of all these sins.
Forgiveness is asked by uttering the phrase, "Micchāmi dukkaḍaṃ." This phrase means, "May all the evil that has been done be fruitless." On "", Jains greet their friends and relatives saying "micchāmi dukkaḍaṃ" and seeking their forgiveness. Letters are sent and telephone calls are made to friends and relatives asking their forgiveness. There are no arguments or disputes after "samvatsari".


OpenNIC

OpenNIC uses an alternative Domain Name System, so users can access more websites than they can on the "normal" internet. Users can still access the "normal" internet.

Users can register website names for free on OpenNIC, whereas doing so on the "normal" internet is usually not free.

The "normal" internet has websites that end in things like ".com", ".org" or ".net" - these endings are called Top Level Domains or TLDs. OpenNIC allows its users to access other website names in addition to those on the "normal" internet.



Matt Bomer

Matthew Staton "Matt" Bomer (born October 11, 1977) is an American actor. He made his television debut with "Guiding Light" in 2001. He is known for his recurring role in the NBC television series "Chuck" as Bryce Larkin. He played the lead role of Neal Caffrey in the television series White Collar. The show ran from 2009 to 2014. In 2010 he won won the Breakthrough Male Television Performer award for his performance in White Collar.

Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions

The BDS movement is a campaign to help Palestinians. The letters BDS stand for "Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions". They help Palestinians by attempting to put economic and political pressure on Israel. They want an end of Israeli occupation of Palestine. The group thinks that they can create a Palestinian state by boycotting the Israeli government. 

The movement may be hurting the Palestinian economy while having little overall effect on the Israeli economy. An example is the Israeli-owned soft drink company SodaStream. Hundreds of Palestinians lost good paying jobs in the West Bank when SodaStream moved its factory to southern Israel. SodaStream denied the move was BDS-related but their profits fell after BDS targeted them. 

The movement has become popular on many US college Campuses. But no US schools have sold any stocks and none are expected to do so . Israel is concerned about the increasing number of American Jews who oppose Israel's policies. Some have even joined BDS campaigns.

Lost in Transition

Lost in Transition is the fifth studio album by Sixpence None the Richer. The album was released on August 7, 2012.

Puttin' On the Ritz

"Puttin' On the Ritz" is a popular ballad. It was written by Irving Berlin. He wrote this song in May 1927. It was first published in December 1929. The song lyrics tell people that if they are feeling blue they should go "where fashion sits" and "put on the Ritz." "The Ritz" most likely refers to the Ritz Tower at 465 Park Avenue, New York City. This is a luxury residential building originally built as an apartment hotel just before this song was written. 

The original 78rpm was recorded by Leo Reisman & his Orchestra (Lew Conrad vocals) in New York City on January 20, 1930 and released on Victor records catalog number 22306. Several other artists sang and recorded the song later in 1930, including Fred Astaire who recorded it on March 26, 1930.

In the early 1980s, Taco released a synthpop euro disco-style version of "Puttin' On the Ritz" in 1981 by RCA Records and Peer Studios. His performance consisted of song and tap. It hit #4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

Eriophyidae

The Eriophyidae or gall mites are a family of mites. They are plant parasites and produce galls.

The mites can cause severe damage to the host plant. They have only two pairs of legs and are very small, 0.08 mm - 0.3 mm. The gut is straight, there are no outgrowths of the gut. They have no heart or circulatory system.

There about 270 genera and over 3000 species.

Some examples:


Bound for Glory (2012)

Bound for Glory (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was held on October 14, 2012 at the Grand Canyon University Arena in Phoenix, Arizona. It was the eighth Bound for Glory event that TNA held. This was the first time that TNA held an event in the state of Arizona.

There were eight matches on the card. The main event saw Jeff Hardy defeat Austin Aries to win the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.

Planomicrobium stackebrandtii

Planomicrobium stackwebrandtii is a species of bacteria. It was named after German microbiologist Erko Stackebrandt. It belongs to the Firmicutes. It is gram-positive and was first found in 2005 at the Himalayas. The cells are cocci in pairs or clumps. It is capable of aerobic respiration using oxygen. The bacterium does not form endospores. It has one or two flagella.

Rowan Blanchard

Rowan Eleanor Blanchard (born October 14, 2001) is an American child actress. She plays Riley Matthews in the Disney Channel series "Girl Meets World".

In a series of tweets in January 2016, she said that while she had "only ever liked boys" in the past, she was "open to liking any gender" and as such she is queer.

David Henrie

David Clayton Henrie (born July 11, 1989) is an American actor, television writer, director and producer. He is known for playing Ted Mosby's future son Luke Mosby on "How I Met Your Mother", Justin Russo in "Wizards of Waverly Place" and Larry on "That's So Raven". He also played Rudy Ising in "Walt Before Mickey".

God Hates Us All

God Hates Us All is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "God Hates Us All" was released on September 11, 2001 through American Recordings. Most of the lyrics were written by guitarist Kerry King and cover topics like religion, murder, revenge and self-control. The album was recorded at The Warehouse Studio in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada because of the availability for cheaper studio time.

The album peaked at #28 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #9 on the Canadian Albums Chart. In 2002, the song "Disciple" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance. It was Slayer's first Grammy nomination.

Before Christmas 2001, Paul Bostaph decided to leave the band because of an elbow injury that affected his ability to drum. He would later reveal that the actual reason for him leaving was because "Musically, I wanted to do something else". Since Slayer was without a drummer to finish their "God Hates Us All" tour, King contacted original drummer Dave Lombardo and asked if he would want to play the remainder of the tour. Lombardo accepted and played the remaining 21 shows. He did not take a permanent position with the band.

Planomicrobium koreense

Planomicrobium koreense is a species of bacteria. It was first found by Jung-Hoon Yoon in Jeotgal, a salted fermented food made in Korean.
Jung-Hoon Yoon found in Jeotgal also other new bacteria like "Jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus" and "Jeotgalicoccus halotolerans". The cells are rods. Sometimes they can be first coccoid but after some time they change to rods. "Planomicrobium koreense" is gram-positive. Sometimes the older cells change to gram negative. They have a single polar flagellum.


North African Campaign

The North African Campaign was part of the Second World War. It took place in North Africa from 10 June 1940 to 13 May 1943. The campaign in North Africa included fighting in the Egyptian and Libyan Deserts (the Desert War), and in Morocco and Algeria (Operation Torch) and Tunisia (Tunisia Campaign).
There was a see-saw series of battles for the control of Libya and parts of Egypt. The Siege of Tobruk in 1941 was one of the turning points. In the Second Battle of El Alamein British Commonwealth forces under the command of Lieutenant general Bernard Montgomery decisively defeated the Afrika Korps and other Axis forces and pushed them back to Tunisia. 

The late 1942 Allied landings in Operation Torch in North-West Africa was done to mop up the remaining enemy forces. There were battles against Vichy France forces which then changed sides. The Allies suffered a serious defeat at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass. Later, they defeated the Axis forces in southern Tunisia (battle of Mareth), then encircled the remaining Italian & German troops in northern Tunisia and finally forced them to surrender. 

After the fall of Tunis, the last troops to surrender were the Italians of general Messe on May 13, 1943 in the northern Tunisian peninsula of Cape Bon.


Sherman Brothers

The Sherman Brothers were an American songwriting duo that wrote music for musical movies. They were Robert B. Sherman (December 19, 1925 – March 6, 2012) and Richard M. Sherman (born June 12, 1928).

The Sherman Brothers wrote more motion-picture musical song scores than any other songwriting team in movie history. Movie scores of the Sherman Brothers include "Mary Poppins", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "The Jungle Book", "Charlotte's Web" and "The Aristocats".

Sons of Russian Jewish immigrants, Robert and Richard Sherman began writing songs together in 1951 on a challenge from their father, Tin Pan Alley songwriter Al Sherman. The brothers wrote together and with different songwriting partners throughout the rest of the decade.

In 1958 Robert founded the music publishing company Music World Corporation. It later had a relationship with Disney's BMI-affiliated publishing arm, Wonderland Music Company. That same year, the Sherman Brothers had their first top-ten hit with "Tall Paul," sung by Mouseketeer Judy Harriet on the Surf Records label. It was also sung by Mouseketeer Annette Funicello. The success of this song got the attention of Walt Disney. He then hired the Sherman Brothers as Staff Songwriters for Walt Disney Studios. The first song they wrote on personal assignment by Walt Disney was "Strummin' Song" in 1961. It was used in the Annette Funicello made-for-television movie called "The Horsemasters".

While at Disney, the Sherman Brothers wrote more motion-picture musical scores than any other songwriters in the history of movies. They also wrote what is perhaps their best-known song, "it's a small world (after all)" for the 1964 New York World's Fair. Since then, some have claimed that this has become the most translated and performed song on Earth, although this is largely due to the fact that it is played at Disney's theme park "it's a small world" attractions of the same name.

In 1965 the Sherman Brothers won two Academy Awards for "Mary Poppins", which includes the songs "Feed The Birds," "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious," and the Oscar-winning "Chim Chim Cher-ee." Since "Mary Poppins"' first was shown, the Shermans have earned nine Academy Award nominations, two Grammy Awards, four Grammy Award nominations, and 23 gold- and platinum-certified albums.

Robert and Richard Sherman worked directly for Walt Disney, completing the scores for the live-action musical movies "The Happiest Millionaire" and "The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band" until Disney's death in 1966. Since leaving the company, the brothers have worked freelance as songwriters on scores of motion pictures, television shows, theme-park exhibits, and stage musicals.

Their first non-Disney assignment came with Albert R. Broccoli's motion picture production "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" for United Artists in 1968. It got the brothers their third Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song for its particularly memorable titular song.

In 1970, the Shermans returned to Disney for a brief stint where they completed work on "The Aristocats" and "Bedknobs and Broomsticks". The latter movie got the brothers their fourth and fifth Oscar nominations. 1972 saw the release of "Snoopy Come Home", for which the brothers received a Grammy nomination.

In 1973 the Sherman Brothers also made history by becoming the only Americans ever to win First Prize at the Moscow Film Festival for "Tom Sawyer", for which they also authored the screenplay.

In 1976 “The Slipper and the Rose” was picked to be the Royal Command Performance of the year. The performance was attended by Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother. A modern musical version of the classic Cinderella story, "Slipper", also featured songs, score, and screenplay by the Sherman Brothers. Two further Academy Award nominations were gotten by the brothers for the movie. That same year the Sherman Brothers got their star on the Hollywood "Walk of Fame" directly across from Grauman's Chinese Theater.

The Sherman Brothers' many other Disney and non-Disney top box office movie credits include "The Jungle Book" (1967), "The Aristocats" (1970), "The Parent Trap" (1961), "The Parent Trap" (1998), "Charlotte's Web" (1973), "Huckleberry Finn" (1974),"The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" (1977), "Snoopy, Come Home" (1972), "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" (1971), and "" (1989).

Outside motion-pictures, their Tony Award-nominated smash hit "Over Here!" (1974) was the biggest-grossing original Broadway musical of that year. The Sherman Brothers have also written numerous top selling songs including "You're Sixteen," which reached Billboard's Hot 100 top 10 twice: first with Johnny Burnette in 1960 and then at #1 with Ringo Starr more than thirteen years later. Other top-ten hits include "Pineapple Princess," "Let's Get Together," and more.

In 2000 the Sherman Brothers wrote the song score for the Disney movie "The Tigger Movie". This movie marked the brothers' first major motion picture for the Disney company in over 28 years.

In 2003, four Sherman Brothers' musicals ranked in the Top 10 Favorite Children's Films of All Time in a British nationwide poll reported by the BBC. Most notably, "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" 1968 topped the list at #1.

In later years, with Robert's move to London, the brothers wrote many new songs for the stage musical presentations of "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" and "Mary Poppins", produced by Disney and Cameron Mackintosh.

For their contributions to the motion picture industry, the Sherman brothers have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6918 Hollywood Blvd. They were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame on June 9, 2005. On November 16, 2006, "Mary Poppins" premiered at the New Amsterdam Theatre on Broadway.

On November 17, 2008 the Sherman Brothers got the National Medal of Arts which is the highest honor given to artists by the United States Government. The award was presented by United States President George W. Bush in an East Room ceremony at The White House.

On May 22, 2009, "The Boys: the Sherman Brothers’ Story", a movie about the pair, was shown in theatres. The movie was directed and produced by their sons, Gregory V. Sherman and Jeff Sherman. It was put out by Walt Disney Pictures.

In October 2009, Disney released a 59 track, two CD compendium of their work for the studio spanning forty-two years. The CD is titled "The Sherman Brothers Songbook".

On March 11, 2010 the Sherman Brothers were presented with a Window on Mainstreet Disneyland in Anaheim, California, in honor of their contribution to Disney theme parks. On May 17, 2010, the Sherman Brothers received the "Career Achievement Award" at The Theatre Museum's 2010 Awards Gala in New York City.


From 2002, Robert Sherman lived in London, England. He moved from Beverly Hills, while Richard Sherman remained in California. Robert Sherman died in London on March 6, 2012.























Robert B. Sherman

Robert Bernard Sherman (December 19, 1925 – March 6, 2012) was an American songwriter. He worked in musical movies with his brother Richard Morton Sherman. Some of the Sherman Brothers' best known songs were in live action and animated musical movies including: "Mary Poppins", "The Jungle Book", "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "The Slipper and the Rose", and "Charlotte's Web".

Sherman was born on December 19, 1925, in New York City, to Russian Jewish immigrants, Rosa (Dancis) and Al Sherman.

In 1943, Sherman joined the United States Army at age 17. On April 12, 1945, Sherman was shot in the knee, forcing him to walk with a cane for the rest of his life. For being wounded during battle, Sherman was awarded the Purple Heart medal.

Sherman died of natural causes in London on March 6, 2012 at the age of 86.


Richard M. Sherman

Richard Morton Sherman (born June 12, 1928) is an American songwriter. He worked in musical movies with his brother Robert B. Sherman. Some of the Sherman Brothers' best known songs were in live action and animated musical films including: "Mary Poppins", "The Jungle Book", "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "Bedknobs and Broomsticks", "The Slipper and the Rose", and "Charlotte's Web". Their most well known work iss the theme park song "It's a Small World (After All)".

Sherman was born in New York City to Russian Jewish immigrants, Rosa (Dancis) and Al Sherman. In 1953 Sherman was drafted into United States Army ans assigned to the Army Band and glee club. He was musical conductor for both groups from 1953 until his honorable discharge in 1955. He studied at Bard College.

Sherman lives in London, England.


Chitty Chitty Bang Bang

Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a 1968 British fantasy musical film, loosely based on Ian Fleming's novel "Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang: The Magical Car". The movie's script is by Roald Dahl and Ken Hughes. The songs are by the Sherman Brothers. The song "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" was nominated for an Academy Award.

The film stars Dick Van Dyke as Caractacus Potts, Sally Ann Howes as Truly Scrumptious, Lionel Jeffries as Grandpa Potts, James Robertson Justice as Lord Scrumptious and Robert Helpmann as the Childcatcher. The film was directed by Ken Hughes. It was produced by Albert R. Broccoli (co-producer of the James Bond series of films, also based on Fleming's novels). John Stears supervised the special effects. Irwin Kostal supervised and conducted the music. The musical numbers were staged by Marc Breaux and Dee Dee Wood.

Baron Bomburst is the main antagonist in the 1968 film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. He is a cruel king and a pirate who will stop at nothing to get his hands on the enchanted car. In spite of being so cruel and tyrannical, it is clear that he is also incredibly childish, as shown by his selfish love of toys, his whiny nature, and his determination to get everything he wants. Incidentally, the book Chitty Chitty Bang Bang was written by James Bond's creator Ian Fleming, and both films were produced by Albert R . Broccoli.
He was portrayed by the late Gert Fröbe, who also played the titular villain Auric Goldfinger of the James Bond film.

Baroness Bomburst is a supporting antagonist and hero in the film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and later the stage musical adaptation. The character was created by screenwriter Roald Dahl and did not appear in the original Ian Fleming novel.

In the 1968 film, she is played by Anna Quayle In the theatrical version in London, she was played by Nichola McAuliffe, Sandra Dickinson, and Louise Gold amongst others, and on Broadway, she was played by Jan Maxwell. On the UK National tour, she has been played by (amongst others) Louise Plowright, Jane Gurnett, Kim Ismay, Tamsin Carroll, Michelle Collins, and Claire Sweeney.

First appearing as a gentleman pirate when the Potts and Truly Scrumptious are picnicking on the beach, he reveals a cruel and greedy streak by attempting to steal the enchanted car, and then he orders his men to load cannons, and when The Car floats he wants it even more. But the car escapes much to his disappointment, and seeing that the car is able to float and move like a speedboat on the sea, he sabotages the Potts' home by air and kidnaps Grandfather Potts, mistaking him for the inventor of Chitty.

Later, when the Potts follow Bomburst's airship to his native Vulgaria, they discover how cruelly the Baron treats his subjects. Although it is stated that "the Baroness hates children" and that it is the Baroness who sends for the Child Catcher, it's obvious that the Baron himself hates children as well, and his greed is evident all the more when it is revealed that all the toys made by Vulgaria's toymaker are for him.

Baron Bomburst is last seen when a huge battle occurs in his castle by an ambush lead by Caractacus Potts, Bomburst's loyal servant The Toymaker, the children of the villagers, and Truly Scrumptious. He and his wife cowardly hide from the battle and see lots of children ambush his castle. Wondering where the children are coming from the Bomburst couple summons the Child Catcher but even the Child Catcher is ultimately defeated by the Children and is left hanging from a net in the air. Realizing the Child Catcher is defeated Baroness suggests escaping down a slide. Baron Bomburst at first doesn't like the idea, due to not wanting to get his clothes dirty, but the couple goes down anyway and gets trapped in the Child Catcher's cage-car and the Bomburst couple is defeated. The Villagers help battle the Cavalry and Bomburst gets defeated in the battle. With the Baron and Baroness defeated the Cavalry retreats the battle in terror. Though Vulgaria then becomes a free country, it is completely unknown what happened to the Bomburst couple afterward, but as they did not execute any kid, it is highly likely that they were not executed for their crimes and were either exiled or sent to the very dungeons

Jeremy and Jeremiah Potts got captured by the child catcher, who was disguised as an ice cream man They, along with their father, the toymaker and Truly Scrumptious finally capturing the Child Catcher. Who later appears in the advert or sequel as a minor character who will later appear in the advert but they don't speak ready to take them back to the Baron Bomburst.

The cast includes:


The film was the tenth most popular at the US box office in 1969.

Film critic Roger Ebert reviewed the film ("Chicago Sun-Times", 24 December 1968). He wrote: ""Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" contains about the best two-hour children's movie you could hope for, with a marvelous magical auto and lots of adventure and a nutty old grandpa and a mean Baron and some funny dances and a couple of [scary] moments."

Film critic and historian Leonard Maltin considered the picture "one big Edsel. He said the movie had a totally forgettable score and some of the shoddiest special effects ever." In 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" called Helpmann's depiction of the Child Catcher one of the "50 Most Vile Movie Villains."

As of March 2014, the film has a 65% "Fresh" rating (17 of 26 reviews) on Rotten Tomatoes.

List of tracks:

Sporolactobacillus

Sporolactobacillus is a genus of bacteria. The species produce lactic acid: They are lactic acid bacteria (LAB). The cells are rods. They appear single or in pairs. Rarely they make short chains. They can form Endospores which are resistant to temperature of 80 °C for 10 min. "Sporolactobacillus" is gram-positive and belong to the Firmicutes.

The "Sporolactobacillus" include the following species:

Stanisław Kania

Stanisław Kania (; 8 March 1927 – 3 March 2020) was a Polish former communist politician. He served as First Secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party from September 1980 until his resignation in October 1981. He was replaced by Prime Minister Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski.

Kania died on 3 March 2020 of pneumonia and heart failure, 5 days before his 93rd birthday.

Gus Douglass

Gus R. Douglass (February 22, 1927 – March 19, 2015) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. He served as Agriculture Commissioner of West Virginia for 44 years.

Douglass died from falling two days earlier in his house in Mason County on March 19, 2015 aged 88.

Jørgen Ingmann

Jørgen Ingmann (26 April 1925 – 21 March 2015) was a Danish musician from Copenhagen. He worked as a member of the duet, Grethe og Jørgen Ingmann, together with his wife Grethe Ingmann. 

After winning the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix competition in 1963, they went on to represent Denmark at the Eurovision Song Contest 1963 where they won with the song "Dansevise" (Dance Ballad), music by Otto Francker and lyrics by Sejr Volmer-Sørensen.

He and Grethe met in 1955, married in 1956, and divorced in 1975. Jørgen Ingmann died on 21 March 2015, aged 89.

Arkady Arkanov

Arkady Mikhailovich Arkanov (; 7 June 1933 – 22 March 2015) was a Russian writer, playwright and stand-up comedian.

Sam Nujoma

Samuel Daniel Shafiishuna "Sam" Nujoma (; born 12 May 1929) is a Namibian politician. He was the first President of Namibia from 1990 to 2005.


James C. Binnicker

Chief Master Sergeant James C. Binnicker (July 23, 1938 – March 21, 2015) was the ninth appointed Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force (CMSAF) — the highest non-commissioned officer position in the United States Air Force.

Binnicker died on March 21, 2015 in Calhoun, Georgia, aged 76.

Chuck Bednarik

Charles Philip "Chuck" Bednarik (May 1, 1925 – March 21, 2015), or Concrete Charlie, was a professional American football player. He was known as one of the most devastating tacklers in the history of football and the last two-way player in the National Football League. 

Bednarik played for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1949 through 1962 and, upon retirement, was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1967 (his first year of eligibility). 

Bednarik died in Richland, Pennsylvania from complications from Alzheimer's disease, aged 89.

Danny Schechter

Danny Schechter (June 27, 1942 – March 19, 2015) was an American television producer, independent filmmaker, blogger, and media critic. He wrote and lectured about the media in the US and worldwide. He was known for his documentaries about Nelson Mandela. Schechter was born in The Bronx, New York.

Schechter died in Manhattan, New York from pancreatic cancer, aged 72.

Glen Brydson

Glenn "Swampy" Brydson (November 7, 1910 – December 9, 1993) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 8 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Montreal Maroons, St. Louis Eagles, New York Rangers and Chicago Black Hawks.

On February 4, 1931, Brydson was signed by the Montreal Maroons. He played 146 regular season games with the Maroons before he was traded to the Ottawa Senators in exchange for Alec Connell on October 22, 1934. He did not play a game with Ottawa and moved with the team when they relocated to become the St. Louis Eagles on September 22, 1934. He played 1 season with the Eagles. Brydson was claimed by the New York Rangers during the Dispersal Draft on October 15, 1935. He played 30 games with the Rangers. On January 26, 1936, the Rangers traded him to the Chicago Black Hawks in exchange for Howie Morenz. After parts of 3 years with the Black Hawks, they traded him to the New Haven Eagles of the International-American Hockey League (IAHL) for cash. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1942.

Brydson died on December 9, 1993. He was interred in Park Lawn Cemetery.


Petr Vopěnka

Petr Vopěnka (16 May 1935 – 20 March 2015) was a Czech mathematician. In the early 1970s, he established the alternative set theory. Since the mid-eighties he concerned himself with philosophical questions of mathematics.



Gerda van der Kade-Koudijs

Gerda Johanna Marie van der Kade-Koudijs (29 October 1923 – 19 March 2015) was a Dutch athlete who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics. She won a gold medal in the 4×100 m relay. Two years earlier she won European titles in the 4×100 m relay and long jump and finished sixth in the individual 100 m race.

She was born in Rotterdam and died in Almelo.

Ashley Adams

Ashley Phillip Adams (12 October 1955 – 17 March 2015) was an Australian Paralympic shooting medallist and cattle grazier.

Adams died on 17 March 2015 after a quad bike accident on his farm in Blackall, Queensland. He was 59.

Mike Buchanan

Michael Murray Buchanan (March 1, 1932 – January 3, 2017) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 1 game in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Black Hawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Buchanan played 49 games with the Galt Black Hawks of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA) and 2 games with the St. Louis Flyers of the American Hockey League (AHL). Buchanan played in his first and only game in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1951-52 season. He scored no points. Buchanan spent 2 years playing for the Fort Wayne Komets of the International Hockey League (IHL) and decided to enroll at the University of Michigan where he played for the Wolverines for two years. During his time there, he was named to the NCAA West First All-American Team. He retired from playing hockey in 1954. He came out of retirement to play a season with the Wembley Lions of the British National League (BNL) before he retired again in 1958.

Thomas Hopko

Thomas Hopko (March 28, 1939 – March 18, 2015) was an Eastern Orthodox Christian priest and theologian. He was the Dean of Saint Vladimir’s Orthodox Theological Seminary from September 1992 until July 1, 2002 and taught dogmatic theology there from 1968 until 2002. In retirement, he carried the honorary title of "Dean Emeritus".

Hopko died of complications from congestive heart failure on March 18, 2015, in Wexford, Pennsylvania, aged 75. 

Palazzo Chiablese

The Palazzo Chiablese is a building in Turin, Italy which was once the residence of the Duke of Chablais (a son of a king of Sardinia) it was also later the home of the Duke of Genoa (himself another king of Sardinia) Today it is home to a cultural collection honouring the history of Piedmont. It is open to the public Wednesday, Thursday, Friday from 4 pm to 8pm and during press conferences, cultural events, concerts.

From 1753, it served as the residence of Benedetto of Savoy, son of Charles Emmanuel III and Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine. It was named after his courtesy title of "Duke of Chablais".

Bombed during World War II it lost a majority of its internal decoration before being handed over to the state in the 1950s.

Eva Burrows

Eva Evelyn Burrows, AC (15 September 192920 March 2015) was an Australian community welfare organiser. From 1986 to 1993, Burrows served as the 13th General of the Salvation Army. She served as an Officer of the Salvation Army from 1951 to her retirement in 1993.

Burrows died on 20 March 2015 at a hospital in Melbourne, Victoria, aged 85.


Robert Kastenmeier

Robert William Kastenmeier (January 24, 1924 – March 20, 2015) was an American politician. He represented Wisconsin in the United States House of Representatives from 1959 to 1991. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Arthur A. Hartman

Arthur Adair Hartman (March 12, 1926 – March 16, 2015) was an American career diplomat. He was Ambassador to France under Jimmy Carter. He was Ambassador to the Soviet Union under Ronald Reagan.

Bruce Crump

Bruce Hull Crump, Jr. (July 17, 1957 – March 16, 2015) was an American musician and songwriter. He was the original drummer with the rock band Molly Hatchet from 1976 to 1983 (including their 1980 hit song "Flirtin' with Disaster" ) and 1984 to 1991. He also played as a member of the Canadian band Streetheart in the early 1980s.

Crump died in a hospital in Richmond, Virginia from throat cancer, aged 57.

Andy Fraser

Andrew McLan "Andy" Fraser (3 July 1952 – 16 March 2015) was an English songwriter and bass guitarist whose career lasted over forty years and includes a notable period as one of the founding members of the rock band Free in 1968, at age 15.

Fraser died on 16 March 2015 at his home in California. He had been battling Cancer and AIDS. The cause of his death is under investigation. Fraser is survived by his daughters Hannah and Jasmine Fraser.


John Mayall

John Mayall, OBE (born 29 November 1933) is an English blues singer, guitarist, organist and songwriter, whose musical career spans over fifty years. In the 1960s, he was the founder of John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers, a band which has included some of the most famous blues and blues rock musicians.


Miguel Donoso Pareja

Miguel Donoso Pareja (July 13, 1931 – March 16, 2015) was an Ecuadorian writer. In 2006, he won the Premio Eugenio Espejo Award.

In 1985 Donoso Pareja was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship grant of $26,000 to write fiction; he then traveled several months in Spain and other European countries and spent all the money, and so returned to Ecuador, locked himself up in a borrowed apartment, and wrote 22 stories of love.

Pareja died in Guayaquil, Ecuador from Parkinson's disease, aged 83.

Jack Haley (basketball)

Jack Kevin Haley (January 27, 1964 – March 16, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the Chicago Bulls, New Jersey Nets, Los Angeles Lakers, and San Antonio Spurs. Haley was born in Long Beach, California.

Haley died of heart disease in Los Alamitos, California, aged 51.

Buddy Elias

Bernhard "Buddy" Elias (2 June 1925 – 16 March 2015) was a Swiss actor and president of the Anne Frank Fonds. He was born in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. He was the cousin of Anne Frank. Elias was known for his role as Agent Ute Nicolai in the 2014 movie "The Monuments Men".

Elias died in Basel, Switzerland at the age of 89.


Jamie Dornan

James "Jamie" Dornan (born 1 May 1982) is a Northern Irish actor, model, and musician. He played Axel von Fersen in Sofia Coppola's movie "Marie Antoinette", Sheriff Graham Humbert in the ABC series "Once Upon a Time" and serial killer Paul Spector in the BBC Two crime drama series "The Fall". He played the titular character, Christian Grey, in the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey" (2015). 

Dornan was born in Holywood, County Down, Northern Ireland. He grew up in the suburbs of Belfast, and has two older sisters. His father, Professor Jim Dornan, is an obstetrician who had also considered becoming an actor. Jamie Dornan is a first cousin, twice removed, of actress Greer Garson. His grandparents on both sides of his family were Methodist lay preachers. Dornan was 16 when his mother, Lorna, died.

He was a member of folk band called Sons of Jim, until it disbanded in 2008. His modeling career has included cover and feature shoots for publications such as Abercrombie & Fitch, Aquascutum, Hugo Boss, Armani, Dior Homme and Calvin Klein (with both Kate Moss and Eva Mendes), and he was labelled "The Golden Torso" by "The New York Times".

His first acting role in a film was Count Axel Fersen in the Sofia Coppola film "Marie Antoinette" (2006). After that, he appeared films and TV series such as "Beyond the Rave", "Shadows in the Sun", "Fifty Shades of Grey"; "Once Upon a Time" and "The Fall".

In 2014, he was ranked #3 in People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive list.

He married English actress and singer Amelia Warner in Somerset on 27 April 2013. They have one daughter together Dulcie (b. November 2013) 

Selected as one of Houston’s Top 33 Trainers as a Yoga Teacher (2021)
Dr. Kritsonis earned Pragyan International University of India certification for Pledge for Yoga to support, promote and protect the art, science and practice of Yoga at all times, without any discrimination through his/her actions, words or deeds. Certificate No: 14002: Date: 6/9/2023 – Jharkhand, India.

Curtis Gans

Curtis Bernard Gans (June 17, 1937 – March 15, 2015) was an American activist, writer, and expert on American voting patterns. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Gans served as a consultant to the Woodrow Wilson Center for International Scholars, the National Committee for an Effective Congress, and managed a number of political campaigns. Gans died in Frederick, Maryland from lung cancer, aged 77.

Frederick, Maryland

Frederick is a city in the U.S. state of Maryland. It is the county seat of Frederick County. As of 2020, the population of the city was 78,171. 

Los Alamitos, California

Los Alamitos, California is a small city in Orange County, California. It became a city in March 1960. It had a population of 11,780 as of 2020.

Gorgoderidae

The Gorgoderidae are a family of Flatworms (Platyhelminthes). They belong to the ordo Plagiorchiida. The species are parasites of fish, amphibians and reptiles. They have distome, which means they got two suckers, one at the mouth (oral) and one at the waist (ventral). 

There are five genera:

Shawn Ashmore

Shawn Robert Ashmore (born October 7, 1979) is a Canadian movie and television actor. He is best known for his roles as Jake Berenson in the television series "Animorphs", Agent Mike Weston in the television drama series "The Following", and Bobby Drake / Iceman in the "X-Men" movie series. He is the identical twin brother of actor Aaron Ashmore.

List of The Walking Dead episodes

The Walking Dead is an American television series based on the comic book of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore and Charlie Adlard, and developed for television by Frank Darabont. It premiered on the cable network AMC on October 31, 2010. The series focuses on Rick Grimes, a sheriff's deputy who slips into a coma after being shot. He awakens to find himself in a dangerous new world that has been overrun by "walkers". He joins a group of survivors (including his wife and son) as they try to survive in a world among the undead.

As of October 5, 2018, 115 episodes of The Walking Dead had aired. The series was to enter its ninth season on October 7, 2018. It has been renewed for a tenth season.

<onlyinclude><includeonly>|+Series overview</includeonly>

</onlyinclude>

Andrew Lincoln

Andrew James Clutterbuck (born 14 September 1973), better known by his stage name Andrew Lincoln, is an English actor. He is best known for his portrayal of Rick Grimes in the AMC drama series "The Walking Dead". He first came to public attention as Egg in the BBC drama "This Life", followed by roles such as Simon in the Channel 4 sitcom "Teachers" and Mark in the romantic comedy movie "Love Actually".

Lincoln was born in London. He is the son of a civil engineer father and a nurse mother. His family moved to Kingston upon Hull when he was 18 months old. Then they moved to Bath, Somerset when he was eight or nine. He attended Beechen Cliff School. He had his first acting role at the age of 14 as the Artful Dodger in a school production of "Oliver!". He spent a summer at the National Youth Theatre in London. He became interested in acting as a career. After leaving school, he studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (RADA). He began to use "Andrew Lincoln" as his stage name.

List of Austin &amp; Ally episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the Disney Channel original series, Austin & Ally. Created by Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert, the show follows the partnership between polar opposites — Austin, an extroverted musician/singer, and Ally, an intelligent yet shy songwriter and their two best friends, Trish and Dez. Austin is played by Ross Lynch, Ally is played by Laura Marano, Trish is played by Raini Rodriguez, and Dez is played by Calum Worthy. The four of them eventually become best friends and the series is based on their friendship, team work and talents, as they encounter many difficulties along the way to success.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>

On March 11, 2012, the series was renewed for a second season with production resuming that summer. Production began on June 4, 2012 and ended in February 2013.
The series was planned to be renewed for a third season on March 12, 2013 at the Disney upfront. It was officially confirmed on April 2, 2013. Production started on July 8, 2013 and ended on January 24, 2014.
On April 25, 2014, the series was renewed for a fourth season. Production began on October 13, 2014 for a January 18, 2015 premiere. On February 6, 2015, Laura Marano stated that Season 4 will be the last season of the show.

Yo no creo en los hombres

Yo no creo en los hombres (English: "I don't believe in men") is a Mexican telenovela produced by Giselle González for Televisa. It is based on "Yo no creo en los hombres" (1991), produced in México.

Alejandro Camacho, Adriana Louvier and Gabriel Soto star in the series. Flavio Medina, Azela Robinson and Rosa María Bianchi also star.

Muchacha italiana viene a casarse

Muchacha italiana viene a casarse, is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced and directed by Pedro Damián for Televisa. It is a remake of the 1971 Mexican telenovela "Muchacha italiana viene a casarse".

Livia Brito and José Ron star as the protagonists of the telenovela. Nailea Norvind and Mike Biaggio star as antagonists.

I'm Your Baby Tonight (song)

"I'm Your Baby Tonight" was the lead single and title track from Whitney Houston's album of the same name. The song became a major hit for Houston. It reached the Top 10 in many countries. It hit #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

After her death in 2012, the song was ranked at number 18 by "Entertainment Weekly".

Tierra de reyes

Tierra de reyes is an American telenovela. It is produced by Telemundo.



Logogram

A logogram or logograph is a grapheme (or symbol) which represents a word or morpheme in a language. This is contrasted with a phonogram, which is a symbol that represents a sound.


Christ Illusion

Christ Illusion is the tenth studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "Christ Illusion" was released on August 4, 2006 through American Recordings. It is Slayer's first album to feature original drummer Dave Lombardo since the release of "Seasons in the Abyss" on October 9, 1990.

The album peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" 200, #2 on the Top Rock Albums, and at #1 on the Top Tastemaker Albums charts. In 2007, the song "Eyes of the Insane" won a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance. The next year, the song "Final Six" won a Grammy Award in the same category.

The album art featured a mutilated Jesus painted by Larry Carroll which caused controversy. Lyrics from the album also caused controversy. The lyrics for the song "Jihad" describe the September 11 attacks from a terrorist perspective. An Indian Christian group based in Mumbai were angry and demanded that the albums be recalled. All of the Indian stocks of the album were recalled and destroyed by EMI India.

Ice-cream headache

An ice-cream headache, also known as brain freeze or cold-stimulus headache is a form of brief head pain or headache. The scientific name is "sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia". It is often due to quickly eating cold beverages or foods such as ice cream and ice pops. It is caused by having something cold touch the palate of the mouth. It is believed to result from a nerve response or a "referring" of pain from the roof of the mouth to the head. The rate of intake for cold foods has been studied as a contributing factor.

World Painted Blood

World Painted Blood is the eleventh studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "World Painted Blood" was released on November 3, 2009 through American Recordings and Sony Music Entertainment. It is Slayer's last album to feature drummer Dave Lombardo who was fired and guitarist Jeff Hanneman who died of liver failure, both in 2013.

The album peaked at #12 on the "Billboard" 200, #18 on the Digital Albums, #2 on the Top Hard Rock Albums, #4 on the Top Rock Albums, and at #1 on the Top Tastemaker Albums charts. In 2010, the song "Hate Worldwide" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance. The next year, the song "World Painted Blood" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the same category.

Bartonella

Bartonella is a genus of bacteria. It is the only one in the family Bartonellaceae. The species can be parasitic and cause diseases in animals and humans. They live mostly in the cells of the host, as intracellular parasites.

"Bartonella" species are pathogens. "Bartonella" species are transmitted by vectors such as ticks, fleas, sand flies, and mosquitoes. At least eight "Bartonella" species or subspecies are known to infect humans.

"Bartonella" is named after Alberto Leonardo Barton (1870–1950), a medical microbiologist.

Nitrosomonadaceae

The Nitrosomonadaceae are a family of bacteria. They oxidize ammonia (NH) to nitrate (NO). They are lithoautotrophic meaning they do not need organic substance to live.

There are two genera:

Planomicrobium

Planomicrobium is a bacterium. The cells are coccoid or rod shaped. They can move with one or two flagella. They are aerobic, they need oxygen.

There are ten species:

Sabrina Carpenter

Sabrina Ann Lynn Carpenter (born May 11, 1999) is an American singer, songwriter and actress, who stars as rebellious Maya Hart, the best friend of Riley Matthews (portrayed by Rowan Blanchard) in the Disney Channel series "Girl Meets World" which debuted on . She is signed to Hollywood Records.




Shane Harper

Shane Steven Harper (born February 14, 1993) is an American actor, singer-songwriter, and dancer. He is known for playing Spencer on Good Luck Charlie as well as Josh Wheaton in the independent Christian movie "God's Not Dead". His self-titled debut album was released on February 14, 2012.




Photios I of Constantinople

Photios I was born c. 810 or 820 in Constantinople and died 891 in Bordi (Armenia). He was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 858 to 867 and from 877 to 886. In the Eastern Orthodox churches he is called St. Photios the Great. Photios a powerful and influential Patriarch of Constantinople. As a scholar, Photios possessed a tremendous knowledge of Greek literature. He was a leading intellectual of his time, "the leading light of the ninth-century renaissance". He was a central figure in both the religious conversion of the Slavs to Christianity and the Photian schism.

Filibacter limicola

Filibacter limicola is a bacterium. "Filibacter limicola" is the only species of the genus "Filibacter". It is gram-positive. The species is aerob: It needs oxygen. It is filamentous and composed of more than one cells. The cells are curved or straight. It is a gliding bacterium.


Planomicrobium chinense

Planomicrobium chinense is a species of bacteria. It was first found by Xin Dai. It is gram-positive. The cells are short rods or coccoid. They can move by using polar flagella. "Planomicrobium chinense" doesn't form spores.


Norman Scribner

Norman Orville Scribner (February 25, 1936 – March 22, 2015) was an American conductor, composer, pianist, and organist. He was most widely known as the founder of The Choral Arts Society of Washington, and as its artistic director for over 45 years. He was born in Washington, D. C..

Scribner died in Washington, D. C. on March 22, 2015 at the age of 79.

Yehuda Avner

Yehuda Avner (; December 30, 1928 – March 24, 2015) was an Israeli prime ministerial advisor, diplomat, and writer. He served as advisor to Israeli Prime Ministers Menachem Begin, Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres. He served as speechwriter to Israeli Prime Ministers Golda Meir and Levi Eshkol. Avner was the Israeli Ambassador to Australia, United Kingdom, and the United States

Avner was born in Manchester, England to Israeli Jewish parents. He died of cancer in Jerusalem, Israel, aged 86.


Mark Dean (computer scientist)

Mark E. Dean (born March 2, 1957) is an American inventor and a computer engineer. 

Dean went to Jefferson City High School. He liked to build things. He once built a tractor from scratch with the help of his father. He graduated from the University of Tennessee in 1979. He got straight A's. Dean received a master's degree in electrical engineering from Florida Atlantic university in 1982. Dean received a doctorate from Stanford University in 1992.

Dean's first job was at IBM as an engineer. He invented three important technology's at IBM, including the color PC monitor and the first gigahertz chip. A gigahertz chip is a revolutionary piece of technology that is able to do a billion calculations per second. Dean holds 3 of IBM's patents. Dean became the black engineer of the year in 1987. 

Benjamin Banneker

Benjamin Banneker (November 9, 1731 – October 9, 1806) was a free African American almanac author, surveyor, naturalist and farmer.

Benjamin Banneker was born on November 9, 1731 in Baltimore County, Maryland. His parents are Mary Banneky, a free black, and Robert, a freed slave from Guinea.

In 1788, a man named George Ellicott loaned Banneker books and equipment to study astronomy more formally. Banneker sent George his work calculating a solar eclipse the following year.

Sporosarcina ureae

Sporosarcina ureae is a species of bacteria. It is the type species of its genus and is closely related to "Bacillus" species. It lives in the soil. It is able to break down urea. Therefore, the name (Latin: "urea"). The cells are coccoid. It has some flagella. "Sporosarcina ureae" is heterotrophic. It is aerobic, it needs oxygen.

"Sporosarcina ureae" is one of the bacteria which can make use of urea, it has the enzyme urease. It is often found in soils where are large amounts of urine like meadows where cows are kept. It is also found in manure.

Jackie Joyner-Kersee

Jacqueline "Jackie" Joyner-Kersee (born March 3, 1962) is a retired American athlete. She is one of the greatest athletes in the women's heptathlon as well as in the women's long jump. Joyner-Kersee represented the United States at four Olympic games (1984-96). She won a total of three gold, one silver, and two bronze Olympic medals. Joyner-Kersee was voted "the greatest female athlete of the 20th century" by "Sports Illustrated" magazine.

Planomicrobium alkanoclasticum

Planomicrobium chinense is a species of bacteria.
It is gram-positive. The cells are shaped like rods. "Planomicrobium alkanoclasticum" doesn't form spores.


Cryptic Writings

Cryptic Writings is the seventh studio album by American thrash metal band, Megadeth. "Cryptic Writings" was released on June 17, 1997 through Capitol Records. It was Megadeth's last album to feature drummer Nick Menza.

The album peaked at #10 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #17 on the Canadian Albums Chart. In 1998, the song "Trust" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance.

Daniel Hale Williams

Daniel Hale Williams (January 18, 1856 – August 4, 1931) was an African-American surgeon. In 1893, he became the first surgeon to perform a cardiac surgery.

Daniel Hale Williams III was born on January 18, 1856, in Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania, to Sarah Price Williams and Daniel Hale Williams II, who was a barber. The couple had several children. Williams III started as a shoemaker apprentice. Later he worked with the Equal Rights League, which was a black civil rights organization active during the Reconstruction era. He went to Chicago Medical college. 

In 1891, Williams opened Provident Hospital and Training School for Nurses. It was the first hospital with an interracial staff. In 1893, Williams was the first surgeon to perform open-heart surgery in the United States. The following year, he became chief surgeon at Freedmen's Hospital.

John Lee Love

John Lee Love was an African-American inventor who patented a portable pencil sharpener. born sometime between 1863 and 1862 it is unknown when he died 

Love's original occupation was a carpenter. His first invention was an improvement to plasterer's hawk. His design for the plasterer's hawk included a detachable handle and a folding aluminum board, making it portable and lightweight. Love later invented and patented a portable pencil sharpener called the Love Sharpener. In the patent application, it says the Love Sharpener could double as a paperweight or ornament. The Love Sharpener used the pencil itself as a hand crank and a place to collect pencil shavings attached to the standard blade housing. 

it is unknown how he died many sources online say that he died when the car he was riding in collided with a train but this is false the death certificate of the man said he was a white man at the age of 42 but at the time he would be 68.

fall river historical 

Frederick McKinley Jones

Frederick McKinley Jones was an African-American inventor who is known for the development of refrigeration equipment used during World War II.

Jones was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on May 17, 1893. When he was 9 years old, both of his parents died. After his parent's death, he went to live with a priest in Kentucky. He stayed there for two years. At the age of 11, Jones returned to Cincinnati. There he found a small job working as a janitor. He served in World War I. Jones had talent for and interest in mechanical work. He read extensively on the subject. In addition to his daily work, he educated himself in his spare time. When the town decided to fund a new radio station, Jones built the transmitter needed to broadcast its programming.

Jones designed a portable air cooling unit for trucks carrying food. He started a company called Thermo Control Company in the 1930's. He received more than 60 patents. 

Unfortunately, Jones died of lung cancer in Minneapolis, Minnesota on February 21,1961. However, he won a National Medal of Technology after he died. Not to mention that he was inducted into the Minnesota a Inventors Hall of Fame in 1977.

James Edward Maceo West

James Edward Maceo West is an African-American inventor and professor who developed a microphone component that is used in ninety percent of the microphones used today.

West was born on February 10, 1931. From an early age, West liked to take things apart. After an accident with a radio he had tinkered with, he became very interested in the concept of electricity. West attended Temple University.

In 1960, West teamed up with a fellow scientist Gerard M. Sessler. They developed an inexpensive, compact microphone. It relied on their invention of electric transducers and became the industry standard.

West was appointed president-elect of the Acoustical Society of America in 1997. He joined the National Academy of Engineering in 1998. West retired in 2001

Edward Bouchet

Edward Alexander Bouchet became the first African American to earn a doctoral degree.

Bouchet was born in New Haven, Connecticut in 1852. He graduated from Hopkins School. Bouchet earned his bachelor degree from Yale University in 1874. At the time, there were few opportunities for African Americans seeking higher education.

Bouchet is best known for becoming the first African American to earn a doctoral degree in the United States in 1876. After getting his Ph.D. bouchet could not land a college professorship due to his race. With this accomplishment, Bouchet joined a selected group of academics. He taught at the school for Colored Youth in Philadelphia for more than 25 years.

Bouchet died in 1918. In 1998 Yale University honored Edward Bouchet by establishing the Edward Alexander Bouchet Graduate Honor Society in his name, including the Bouchet Leadership Award to academics who helped advance diversity in higher education.

Jerry Lawson (engineer)

Gerald Anderson "Jerry" Lawson (December 1, 1940 – April 9, 2011) was an American electronic engineer. He was known for his work in designing the Fairchild Channel F video game console.

Jerry Lawson was born on December 1, 1940. His father was a longshoreman. His mother worked for New York City and as a member of a PTA. He had one brother, Michael. To earn money, Lawson dabbled in electronics. He repaired televisions. Lawson attended Queen College, which is part of City University of New York.

Lawson was a member of the Silicon Valley Homebrew Computer Club in the 1970s. He met many of the pioneers of personal computing, like Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, the founders of Apple Computer. In 1976. Lawson was the director of engineering and marketing at Fairchild Semiconductor. At that time, he developed a video game console called Fairchild Channel F. The console was the first which could play multiple games instead of one, marking his name permanently in history. 

On Mountain View, California, At the age of 70, Lawson died from complications with diabetes. 

Lewis Howard Latimer

Lewis Howard Latimer (September 4, 1848 – December 11, 1928) was an African-American inventor and draftsman. He was born in Massachusetts. 

Latimer's family were slaves in Virginia when a local minister led them to freedom. When he was 10 Latimer attended Phillips Grammar School. When he was 16 Latimer lied about his age to join the U.S Navy. 

Latimer started working at Crosby and Gould, a patent law firm. He learned to draw diagrams. While at the law firm, Latimer invented an improved railroad car bathroom and an early air conditioning unit. Later, Latimer helped Alexander Graham Bell by drawing diagrams for his patent for the first telephone. Latimer also helped Thomas Edison with his patent for the light bulb, and invented a better way to make carbon filaments for light bulbs.

Latimer died on December 11, 1928 in Flushing, Queens, New York at the age 80.

Elijah McCoy

Elijah J. McCoy (May 2, 1844 - October 10, 1929) was an African American inventor who is best known for inventing lubrication devices to make trains run better.

He was born in Colchester, Ontario and died in Detroit, Michigan. He was born May 2, 1844. He was an engineer and inventor, initially employed as a railroad fireman and oiler and fudger. 

Octavia E. Butler

Octavia E. Butler was an American science fiction writer. She won many awards. She won the Hugo and Nebula awards more than once. She won the MacArthur Fellowship in 1995.

Butler was born in Pasadena, California on June 22, 1947. She lost her father at a young age. Butler was raised by her mother, who worked as a maid. Butler started creating her own stories early on. Butler was dyslexic but she didn't let it challenge her from developing a love of books. She decided to make writing her life's work at the age of ten. As a child Butler was known for her shyness and her impressive height. She attended many colleges. She earned her associates degree at Pasadena City College. She also went to California State University, and University of California at Los Angeles.

Butler studied fiction with Harlan Ellison and became an author of books for both children and adults. She was a very good science fiction writer. Important books she wrote were Pattermaster and Mind of My Mind. She won the 1984 Best Short Story for "Speech of Sounds," and she won the Nebula Award. Octavia was known for African American Spiritrualism.

Butler died at her home of a stroke in Seattle, Washington on February 24, 2006.

Granville Woods

Granville Tailer Woods (Columbus, Ohio, April 23, 1856 – January 30, 1910) was an African-American inventor who was awarded more than 50 patents. One of his best know inventions was the Multiplex Telegraph, a device that sent messages between train stations and moving trains.

Granville Woods worked for Springfield, Jackson and Pomeroy Railroad Company in 1878.

Woods' first patent was for an improved steam boiler furnace. He later developed the telephone transmitter. Woods developed what would become trolley's. Woods registered nearly 60 patents in his lifetime.

Woods died in 1910 from a cerebral hemorrhage.

The World Needs a Hero

The World Needs a Hero is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band, Megadeth. "The World Needs a Hero" was released on May 12, 2001 through Sanctuary Records. It is Megadeth's last album to feature original bassist David Ellefson until he returned in 2010. It is also the only Megadeth album to feature Al Pitrelli on lead guitar and the last of two studio albums to feature drummer Jimmy DeGrasso.

The album peaked at #16 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #20 on the Canadian Albums Chart.

Benvenuto Cellini

Benvenuto Cellini (; 3 November 1500 – 13 February 1571) was an Italian goldsmith, sculptor, draftsman, soldier and musician, who also wrote a famous autobiography. He was one of the most important artists of Mannerism.

He was born in Florence, and died there.

Sonoran Desert

The Sonoran Desert is a North American desert. It covers large parts of the Southwestern United States in Arizona and California. It also covers parts of Northwestern Mexico. This includes Sonora, Baja California and Baja California Sur. It is the hottest desert in North America. The Sonoran Desert has an area of . The western portion of the United States–Mexico border goes through the Sonoran Desert. It is the hottest desert in North America. It is known for its giant Saguaro cactuses.

Häagen-Dazs

Häagen-Dazs is a brand of ice cream shops and ice cream franchises. They specialize in ice cream cones, ice cream cups, and ice cream shakes. They have franchises in the United States and many other countries around the world. Häagen-Dazs was created in 1961 by Reuben and Rose Mattus in The Bronx, New York. They opened their first store on November 15, 1976 in Brooklyn.

The "Häagen-Dazs" name was invented by Mattus since it was "Danish-sounding". He used it as a tribute to Denmark's good treatment of Jews during World War II. An outline of Denmark was also used on their early labels. The name is not Danish.

In 1983, Häagen-Dazs was bought by Pillsbury. Pillsbury was then bought by General Mills in 2001.


I'm Alive

I'm Alive is the tenth studio album by Jackson Browne. The album was released on October 11, 1993. It did not have any major hits but the album managed a gold record.

Fistula

The word fistula comes from a Latin word that means tube or pipe. In medicine, a fistula is an abnormal connection between two hollow spaces. This can be blood vessels, intestines, or other hollow organs. Fistulas are usually caused by injury or surgery. But they can also result from an infection or inflammation. Fistulas are generally a disease condition, but doctors may create fistulas by surgery for medical reasons.

Treatment for fistula depends on the reason for the fistula and on how serious it is. Doctors often treat fistula with surgery and antibiotics. The first step in treating a fistula is usually an examination by a doctor. The doctor determines the size and "path" that the fistula takes in the body. 


Nissan Titan

The Nissan Titan is a mid-size pickup truck that is built by Nissan. The Nissan Titan is in its second generation. The Titan started being created on September 21, 2003. It was designed by Diane Allen. 


Raphe nuclei

The Raphe nuclei (singular = Raphe nucleus) are a cluster of nuclei in the hindbrain which release a neurotransmitter called serotonin (5-HT). The serotonin molecules get sent all over the brain, where they are needed for all sorts of roles. 'Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor' (SSRI) antidepressants are believed to act in these nuclei, as well as at their targets. Many opioids (drugs that calm people down) can act on the Raphe nuclei to secrete too much 5-HT.

Tha Dogg Pound

Tha Dogg Pound is an American gangsta rap duo. The group was founded in 1992. They were originally signed to the record label Death Row. They made their first appearance on the Dr. Dre album "The Chronic". They were also on Snoop Dogg's album "Doggystyle".

Their first album, "Dogg Food" came out in 1995.

During 1993–94, the group assisted MC Hammer on his "The Funky Headhunter" album along with Suge Knight.

Hennessy

Jas Hennessy & Co. is a company that makes cognac. Its headquarters are in Cognac, France. The company sells more than 50 million bottles a year worldwide. It is the world's largest Cognac maker. It is owned by Moët Hennessy, which is co-owned by LVMH (66%) and Diageo (34%). 

Hennessy was established in 1765 by Irishman Richard Hennessy. His son James created the brand Hennessy and named the company Jas Hennessy & Co. He greatly expanded his father's business. While an Irishman, he served in the French Navy. He set up the distillery on the Charent River in Cognac.

The company has been run by eight generations of Hennessys. Their master distillers have been seven generations of the Fillioux family. In 1971 in a merger with champagne maker Moet et Chandon, Kilian Hennessy changed the company name to Moet Hennessy.

In 1795 they sold theory cognac in North America. In 1840 Hennessy set up an agency in London for their products. In 1868 they exported to Japan followed by China in 1872. In 1992 Hennessy celebrated their 200th anniversary. They chartered a sailing ship and named it the “Spirit of Hennessy”.
In 2009 Hennessy produced a limited edition of Hennessy VS in honor of US President Barack Obama. In gold lettering the bottles are marked “In Honour of the 44th President”. Currently their biggest market is China.


Perpetuum mobile

Perpetuum mobile means, two different things in music. One is a kind of piece of music, which is usually played in a fast tempo, and which consists of many short notes. The other is a piece of music that is played over and over.

Composers who used this name include Niccolò Paganini, Carl Maria von Weber and Felix Mendelssohn.

Flags of Africa

These are the various flags of Africa.

Flags of North America

This is a gallery of flags of North American countries and affiliated international organizations.

Flags of South America

This is a gallery of flags of South American countries and affiliated international organizations.


Sexting

Sexting is the act of sending sexually suggestive electronic messages, mainly between mobile phones. The term became popular during the early 21st century. The term is a portmanteau of "sex" and "texting".

The term was first used in print in 2005 in Australia. A naked picture that you make of yourself is sometimes called a nelfie, a mix of the words naked and selfie.

If adults exchange such pictures, this is not a problem as long as both consent. The problem starts when children do this: The image of a teenager or child with little clothes may be child pornography. Many countries have laws against child pornography. This usually includes penalties for owning or spreading such images.

Philadelphia Orchestra

The Philadelphia Orchestra is an American orchestra. It is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It does over 130 subscription concerts a year from September to May. In the summer the Orchestra performs an outdoor session for a month. It originally gave concerts at the Academy of Music. The orchestra was founded in 1900. It has performed at the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts since 2001.



Antoine Valois-Fortier

Antoine Valois-Fortier (born March 13, 1990) is a Canadian athlete. He is best known as a judoka.

He was the winner of the Canadian National Judo Championship in the -81 kg category in 2010.

Valois-Fortier won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, defeating Travis Stevens of the United States in the men's 81 kg half-middleweight judo. It was the Canada's first medal in Olympic Judo since 2000 when his coach Nicolas Gill won a silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.


Germanwings Flight 9525

Germanwings Flight 9525 (4U9525/GWI9525) was a scheduled international passenger flight flying from Barcelona, Spain to Düsseldorf, Germany, operated by the Lufthansa-owned low-cost airline Germanwings. 

On 24 March 2015, the Airbus A320-200 jetliner crashed around northwest of Nice, in the French Alps. All 144 passengers and six crew members were killed.

The crash was a murder-suicide planned and acted out by 27-year old co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
The plane, which had taken off at 10:01 a.m. from the Barcelona-El Prat airport, disappeared from the radars at 10:39 a.m., when it was at an altitude of 2,000 meters above the department of Alpes de Alta. Provence, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

Telemetry data indicated that, before disappearing from radar, the A320 would have started to fall at 10:31 a.m. and would have lost about 4,000 meters of altitude in four minutes. At first it was thought that the pilots had issued an emergency signal at 10:47, when the plane was at an altitude of 1,500 feet and in an abnormal situation, but it was actually sent by the controllers. In the words of the President of the French Republic, François Hollande, the conditions of the incident suggest that there would be no survivors. Hollande also initially stated that the plane was carrying German, Spanish and Turkish passengers, without specifying whether there were more victims of other nationalities.

The main hypothesis for the cause of the aircraft crash is that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately caused it to crash. The recording of one of the black boxes of the destroyed Airbus allows us to verify that Lubitz activated the closing of the cockpit door and deliberately began the descent of the plane over the mountains. His breathing at the time of descent was normal and he ignored the captain's instructions to open the door, even when the latter tried to knock it down with an ax to regain control of the aircraft.

Opera singers Oleg Bryjak and Maria Radner were passengers on the plane.


Walter Burkert

Walter Burkert (; born 2 February 1931, Neuendettelsau, Bavaria; died 11 March 2015, Zurich) was a German scholar of Greek mythology and cult.

A professor of classics at the University of Zurich, Switzerland, he taught in the UK and the US. He has influenced generations of students of religion since the 1960s. During his career he taught poets, historians, and philosophers.


Gandhism

Gandhism is a set of ideas that describes the inspiration, vision, and the life work of Mohandas K. Gandhi. It is especially connected with his contributions to the idea of nonviolent resistance, sometimes also called civil resistance.

The word "Gandhism" also includes what Gandhi's ideas, words, and actions mean to people around the world and how they used them for guidance in building their own future.

However, Gandhi did not approve of the term "Gandhism". As he explained:
Without a "Gandhism" approved by Gandhi himself, there is a way of thinking that one has to get what Gandhism stands for, from his life and works. One such deduction is a philosophy based on "truth" and "non-violence" in the following sense. First, one should recognize and accept the truth that people are different at all levels ("truth"). Second, one should never resort to violence to settle built-in differences between human beings at any level: from between two people to two nations to two races or two religions ("non-violence").


Maria Radner

Maria Friderike Radner (7 May 1981 – 24 March 2015) was a German contralto and internationally renowned opera singer. After studying at the Robert Schumann Hochschule in Düsseldorf, she appeared internationally in opera and concert. In January 2013, she played the Schwertleite in "Die Walküre" at the Teatro Comunale Florence, Italy under Zubin Mehta, and in March the Erda at the Grand Théâtre de Genève, conducted by Ingo Metzmacher. Her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 2012 in "Götterdämmerung" was part of the documentation of the production in the film "Wagner's Dream".

Radner died on 24 March 2015 along with her husband Sascha Schenk and their infant son Felix, and colleague Oleg Bryjak, in the Germanwings Flight 9525 crash, which occurred near Prads-Haute-Bléone, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, France. She and Bryjak were returning from performances of Richard Wagner's "Siegfried" at the Gran Teatre del Liceu in Barcelona.

Batman: The Ride

Batman: The Ride is a steel inverted roller coaster found in Six Flags theme parks. It was built by Bolliger & Mabillard. The rides rise to heights of and reaches top speeds of . The original roller coaster at Six Flags Great America was partially designed by the park's manager Jim Wintrode. Batman: The Ride was the world's first inverted roller coaster when it opened in 1992. It has since been awarded Coaster Landmark status by the American Coaster Enthusiasts. Its theme is based on the first "Batman" film. Clones of the ride exist at amusement parks around the world.

Moncef Ben Salem

Moncef Ben Salem (; February 1, 1953 – March 24, 2015) was a Tunisian politician and university professor. He served as the Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research under Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali.

Herberto Hélder

Herberto Helder (November 23, 1930 – March 23, 2015) was a Portuguese poet. He was born in Funchal, Madeira. He was thought to be one of the most important Portuguese poets. His poetry is not yet enough studied by academics because he does not like the attention and refused several literary awards.



Abdul Halim of Kedah

Almu'tasimu Billahi Muhibbuddin Tuanku Alhaj Abdul Halim Mu'adzam Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Badlishah, (28 November 1927 – 11 September 2017) was the 14th Yang di-Pertuan Agong (supreme head of state) of Malaysia. He was the 27th Sultan of Kedah. He retired as Yang di-Pertuan Agong in 12 December 2016.

He previously served as the fifth Yang di-Pertuan Agong from 1970 to 1975. He is the first person to hold the position twice, as well as the oldest elected to the office. He is a week older than the world's longest reigning monarch, King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand.

Halim died on 11 September 2017 at the age of 89 at his palace on Istana Anak Bukit around 2.30 p.m. (MST).



Moshe Arens

Moshe Arens (27 December 1925 – 7 January 2019) was an Israeli aeronautical engineer, researcher and former diplomat and politician. He was a member of the Knesset between 1973 and 1992 and again from 1999 until 2003. Arens was a member of Likud.

He served as Minister of Defense three times and once as Minister of Foreign Affairs. Arens also served as the Israeli ambassador to the U.S. and was professor at the Technion in Haifa.

Arens was born in Kaunas, Lithuania. He studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at the California Institute of Technology. Arens died at his home in Savyon, Israel on 7 January 2019 at the age of 93.


Marmande

Marmande is a commune in southwestern France, in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is a sub-prefecture of the Lot-et-Garonne department, capital of the "arrondissement" of Marmande. It is also the capital of 2 "cantons" in the department: Marmande-1 and Marmande-2.

Marmande is on the right side of the Garonne river, at about to the northwest of Agen and to the southwest of Bordeaux.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Marmande is surrounded by the "communes" Beaupuy, Mauvezin-sur-Gupie, Escassefort, Virazeil, Saint-Pardoux-du-Breuil, Fourques-sur-Garonne, Montpouillan, Gaujac and Sainte-Bazeille.

The climate of Marmande is an oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Marmande are known, in French, as "Marmandais" (women: "Marmandaises").

With a population of 17,748, Marmande has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Marmande

Marmande is a subprefecture of the Lot-et-Garonne department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Marmande and the administrative centre () of 2 cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Val de Garonne" ().

Marmande is twinned with:




Nérac

Nérac () is a commune in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France, sub-prefecture of the Lot-et-Garonne department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Nérac and of the Canton of L'Albret.

The "commune" is in the "Pays d'Albret", a natural region of Gascony, in the southern part of the Lot-et-Garonne department. It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Nérac is surrounded by the "communes" Lavardac, Feugarolles, Espiens, Calignac, Fieux, Lasserre, Fréchou, Andiran, Réaup-Lisse and Barbaste.

The Baïse river flows through the city of Nérac. The Gélise river, a tributary of the Baïse, is on the western border of the "commune".

The inhabitants of Nérac are known, in French, as "Néracais" (women: "Néracaises ").

With a population of 7,085, Nérac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Nérac

Nérac is a subprefecture in the Lot-et-Garonne department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Nérac and the administrative centre () of the Canton of L'Albret, formed by 22 "communes" and with 16,859 inhabitants (2014).

Nérac is twinned with:




Gender performativity

Gender performativity is a term first used by the feminist philosopher Judith Butler in their 1990 book "Gender Trouble". They argue that being born male or female does not determine behavior. Instead, people learn to behave in particular ways to fit into society. The idea of gender is an act, or performance. This act is the way a person walks, talks, dresses, and behaves. They call this acting "gender performativity." What society regards as a person's gender is just a performance made to please social expectations and not a true expression of the person's gender identity.

Angel of Death (song)

"Angel of Death" is a song by American thrash metal band Slayer. It is the opening song to their third studio album, "Reign in Blood". The song was released on October 7, 1986. The song is based on Nazi physician Josef Mengele who worked at the Auschwitz concentration camp and did human experiments. Both the lyrics and music were written by guitarist Jeff Hanneman. 

"Stylus Magazine"'s Clay Jarvas said that the song "smokes the asses of any band playing fast and/or heavy today. Lyrically outlining the horrors to come, while musically laying the groundwork for the rest of the record: fast, lean and filthy."

"Angel of Death" caused controversy and led to accusations that Slayer were Nazi sympathizers. Hanneman said about the controversy: "I know why people misinterpret it – it's because they get this knee–jerk reaction to it. When they read the lyrics, there's nothing I put in the lyrics that says necessarily he was a bad man, because to me – well, isn't that obvious? I shouldn't have to tell you that."

Michelle (name)

Michelle [ mi-shel ] is a female given name. The name was originally the French feminine form of Michael. It means "Who is Like God" or "gift from God." Michelle is also a last name. This name was ranked #394 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

People named Michelle include Michelle Pfeiffer, Michele Steffin and Michelle Obama. Fictional characters include Michelle Tanner from the sitcom "Full House".


Bridges of Love

Bridges of Love is a Philippine television drama series. It is broadcast by ABS-CBN.



Fabian Bredlow

Fabian Bredlow ( born 2 March 1995) is a football player from Germany. He plays for F. C. Liefering, the second team of F.C. Red Bull Salzburg, in the SKY GO Erste Liga (2nd level in Austrian football) as goalkeeper.
He started playing football for FC Hertha 03 Zehlendorf . In 2012 he went on to RasenBallsport Leipzig U17. 2014 he went on loan to FC Liefering, where he is playing as goalkeeper in the SKY GO 1. Liga, which is the 2nd level in Austrian football

On 11 October 2014 he played for the first time in the German U20 national team versus Turkey.

Peter Zeidler

Peter Zeidler (born 8 August 1962) is a German football manager who manages Swiss club St. Gallen.

Zeidler started his coaching career with the youth of VfB Stuttgart. Then he was player-coach of TSV Böbingen and SV 03 Tübingen. 1999 till 2000 he was assistance coach of VfB Stuttgart II . 2000 till 2002 he was assistance coach of VfR Aalen and then headcoach of the team. 2005 he became manager of 1. FC Nürnberg. One year later he became coach of Stuttgarter Kickers. From 2008 to 2011 he was assistance coach of Ralf Rangnick with TSG Hoffenheim. 2011-12 he managed theLigue 2 side Tours as the head coach 2012 he went on to FC Liefering in Austrias 2. league. On 22 June 2015, he became head coach of the first team. He was replaced by Thomas Letsch in December. 2016–2017 he managed FC Sion, in 2017-18 FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in League 2 in France, since 2018 he is manager of FC St. Gallen.

Glimåkra

Glimåkra is a locality in Östra Göinge Municipality in Skåne County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,383 people lived there.

Louis Nirenberg

Louis Nirenberg (28 February 1925 – 26 January 2020) was a Canadian American mathematician. He was thought to be one of the outstanding analysts of the twentieth century. He made fundamental contributions to linear and nonlinear partial differential equations (PDEs) and their application to complex analysis and geometry. In 2015, he won the Abel Prize.

Nirenberg died at a Manhattan hospital on 26 January 2020 at the age of 94.


Cathleen Synge Morawetz

Cathleen Synge Morawetz (May 5, 1923 – August 8, 2017) was a Canadian-born American mathematician. Morawetz's research was mainly in the study of the partial differential equations governing fluid flow. She is Professor Emerita at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at the New York University, where she has also served as director from 1984 to 1988. She was born in Toronto, Canada.

In 2012, she became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

Morawetz died on August 8, 2017 at her home in Greenwich Village, New York at the age of 94.

Shmuel Agmon

Shmuel Agmon () (born 2 February 1922 in Tel-Aviv) is an Israeli mathematician. He is known for his work in analysis and partial differential equations.

Peter Lax

Peter David Lax (born 1 May 1926) is an American mathematician. He is known for his works in integrable systems, fluid dynamics and shock waves, solitonic physics, hyperbolic conservation laws, and mathematical and scientific computing, among other fields. Lax is listed as an ISI highly cited researcher.

Lax is of Jewish descent.


Bobby Lowther

Robert Carswell "Bobby" Lowther, Sr. (December 14, 1923 – March 23, 2015), was the only two-sport All-American athlete at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. In 1946, he earned the recognition in basketball and track and field.

George Fischbeck

George Richard Fischbeck, (July 1, 1922 – March 25, 2015), better known as Dr. George Fischbeck, was an American television weatherman on KOB-TV in Albuquerque, New Mexico from the early 1960s to early 1970s. 

In 1972 he moved to KABC-TV in Los Angeles, replacing Alan Sloane, where he became a staple on the station's Eyewitness News broadcasts. He retired from KABC-TV in 1990, but returned to television with a brief show at KCBS-TV from 1994 to 1997.

Fischbeck died in Woodland Hills, California, aged 92.

Karl Moik

Karl Moik (19 June 1938 – 26 March 2015) was an Austrian television presenter and singer.

Moik was born in Linz. 

He became famous in Austria, Germany, German-speaking Switzerland and South Tyrol as the television presenter of "Musikantenstadl" on Austrian broadcaster ORF. He presented "Musikantenstadtl" from 1981 to 2005 earning him the honorary title by fans as "Mr Musikantenstadl". 

Moik died in Salzburg, aged 76.

John Renbourn

John Renbourn (8 August 1944 – 26 March 2015) was an English guitarist and songwriter. He was best known for his collaboration with guitarist Bert Jansch as well as his work with the folk group Pentangle. 

Renbourn died on 26 March 2015 from a heart attack at his home in Hawick in the Scottish Borders, aged 70.

ORF (broadcaster)

Österreichischer Rundfunk (shortened to "ORF", literally, Austrian Broadcasting Corporation) is the name for the state-controlled media agency producing radio and tv programmes. In 2015, it produced four nationwide tv channels, 9 regional tv stations in Austria, plus one in Bozen. There are also three nationwide radio channels, plus a number of regional ones. It also takes part in 3sat, a cultural programme and ARTE. 

Jet Airways

Jet Airways is a major airline from India. It began flying in 1993. It has a fleet of over 90 airplanes. The airline is the second largest in India after Air India.

All Nippon Airways

All Nippon Airways () is a Japanese airline. The company was created in 1952. It began helicopter services the next year. The airline's main competitor is Japan Airlines.

Lède

The Lède is a river of south-western France that flows through the Lot-et-Garonne department, in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is a right tributary of the Lot river.

The Lède has a length of about , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge is at Casseneuil where the Lède joins the Lot. The largest discharges are during winter, with in February.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Casseneuil
The Lède starts in the place known as "Capoulèze" in the "commune" of Blanquefort-sur-Briolance at an elevation of about .

It flows generally to the southwestwest and passes through the "communes", all in the Lot-et-Garonne department, of Blanquefort-sur-Briolance, Lacapelle-Biron, Paulhiac, Laussou, Gavaudun, La Sauvetat-sur-Lède, Monflanquin, Montagnac-sur-Lède, Salles, Lédat (it takes its name from the river), Villeneuve-sur-Lot and Casseneuil, where it flows into the Lot.

It joins the Lot on its right bank, at about of altitude.

Most of tributaries of the Lède river are very short; only two tributaries are over 10 km long:



SriLankan Airlines

SriLankan Airlines (marketed as SriLankan) is the flag carrier of Sri Lanka. It is a member of the Oneworld airline alliance. It is currently the largest airline in Sri Lanka by number of aircraft and destinations. 

It was launched in 1979 as Air Lanka. The launch was after the end of operations of the original Sri Lankan flag carrier Air Ceylon. Following its partial acquisition in 1998 by Emirates, it was re-branded. In 2008 the government of Sri Lanka acquired all the shares of the airline from Emirates. After ending the Emirates partnership, it retained its re-branded name and logo. Sri Lankan Airlines operates over 560 flights per week.

The Airline operates to 113 destinations in 51 countries (including codeshare operations) from its main hub located at Bandaranaike International Airport near Colombo. SriLankan Airlines joined the oneworld airline alliance on 1 May 2014.

Air Lanka was established as the flag carrier of Sri Lanka once the Sri Lankan government shut down the bankrupt . Air Lanka's first fleet had two Boeing 707. They were leased from Singapore Airlines. One Boeing 737 was leased from Maersk Air and maintained by Air Tara. On 24 April 1980, the lease ended; Air Lanka received a replacement Boeing 737 leased from . On 1 November 1980, Air Lanka commenced wide-body operations with a leased from Air Canada.

Air Lanka, which was state-owned, was partially privatized in 1998, with investment by Dubai-based Emirates Group, when Emirates and the Sri Lankan government signed an agreement for a ten-year strategic partnership. This agreement included exclusive rights for all aircraft ground handling and airline catering at Colombo-Bandaranaike airport for ten years. Emirates bought a 40% stake worth US$70 million (which it later increased to 43.6%) in Air Lanka and sought to refurbish the airline's image and fleet. The government retained a majority stake in the airline. Though they gave full control to Emirates for investment and management decisions. In 1998, the Air Lanka re-branded to SriLankan Airlines.

In 2008, Emirates notified the Sri Lankan Government that it would not renew its management contract, which then expired on 31 March 2008. It claimed that the Sri Lankan Government was seeking greater control over the day-to-day management of the airline. Emirates sold its 43.63% stake in the airline to the in a deal that was finalized in 2010, thus ending any affiliations the two airlines had with each other.
In 2008 when Emirates pulled out, the profit of SriLankan was Rs. 9.288 billion in that financial year. From 2008 to 2015, when the government administration ran it, the loss for the seven years was Rs. 128.238 billion (US$875 million).
Following the ownership transfer, SriLankan took the decision to promote Colombo as a hub for flights to Asia. The first destination of the expansion plan was Shanghai; the route started on 1 July 2010. The airline started flights to Guangzhou on 28 January 2011.

SriLankan joined the Oneworld alliance on 1 May 2014. During 2014 it started to renew and increase its fleet, with purchases of Airbus A330 & A350 models. Currently, SriLankan operates an all-Airbus fleet except for its discontinued Air-Taxi services. SriLankan phased out their last on 7 January 2016 with its last scheduled flight from Chennai to Colombo.

The airline closed three European routes – Frankfurt, Paris and Rome – by end of 2016.

In October 2017, SriLankan launched direct daily non-stop flights to Melbourne, Australia. Its their first new long haul route in over five years. The flights restore a regular direct air link between Australia and Sri Lanka after a hiatus of 16 years.

Eyes of the Insane

"Eyes of the Insane" is a song by American thrash metal band Slayer. The song was released on November 23, 2006. It was the second single on their ninth studio album "Christ Illusion". The song is based on an article in "Texas Monthly" entitled "Casualty of War". The lyrics explore the mental torment of an American soldier after he returns home from the second Gulf War.

On the music charts, "Eyes of the Insane" was able to peak at #15 on Tracklisten and #97 on the UK Singles charts.

In 2007, the song won a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance. Vocalist Tom Araya commented on the win, saying: "Jeff [Hanneman] and I put a lot into 'Eyes of the Insane' so we're thrilled that the Grammy voters took the time to listen to it, and then vote for it. We're out here on the road and we're all really, really happy."


Oleg Bryjak

Oleg Bryzhak (October 27, 1960 – March 24, 2015) was a Kazakhstani-German bass-baritone opera singer. He was born in Jezkazgan, Kazakh SSR.

Bryzhak had been a protodeacon in a Ukrainian Orthodox church in Krefeld.

Bryzhak died on March 24, 2015 along with fellow singer Maria Radner in the Germanwings Flight 9525 crash in France. He was returning from performances of Richard Wagner's "Siegfried" at the Gran Teatre del Liceu in Barcelona.


Bill Slayback

William Grover "Bill" Slayback (February 21, 1948 – March 25, 2015) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in 42 games, 17 as a starter for the Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1972 until 1974. He later became a musician and singer-songwriter, releasing several singles such as "Move Over Babe (Here Comes Henry)".

Slayback was born in Hollywood, California. He had two daughters, Samantha and Kelli.

Slayback died on March 25, 2015 at his home in La Crescenta-Montrose, California, aged 67. He had been ill for some years before his death.


LAM Mozambique Airlines Flight 470

LAM Mozambique Airlines Flight 470 was a scheduled international passenger flight by carrier LAM Mozambique Airlines from Maputo International Airport of Maputo, Mozambique. It crashed on 29 November 2013 into the Bwabwata National Park in northern Namibia en route to Quatro de Fevereiro Airport of Luanda, Angola. The wreckage of the aircraft was found the next day. All 27 passengers and six crew members were killed. It was later found out that the aircraft was crashed on purpose by the pilot, Herminio dos Santos Fernandes, in an act of murder–suicide.

All crew members and ten passengers were from Mozambique, nine from Angola, five from Portugal, one from France, one from Brazil, and one from China.


Michael Brandner

Michael Brandner (born 13 February 1995) is an Austrian footballer. He plays for FC Blau-Weiß Linz in the Austrian Bundesliga as a midfielder.

He started playing football for ASK Salzburg. Then he went on to the Red Bull youth academy, where he played in all teams. For the 2013–14 season he was transferred to FC Liefering. In 2016 he went on loan to SV Ried, 2017 he went to SC Wiener Neustadt. 2019 he joined FC Blau-Weiß Linz, where he is still playing. In the 2022-23 season they won the Second league and were promoted to the Austrian Football Bundesliga.

Michael Brandner also played for the Autrian football national youth teams from U16 up to U20. With the U19 team he reached the 3rd place in the European Championship.

José Ron

José Ron (born Édgar José Ron Vázquez, August 8, 1981 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico), is a Mexican actor known for his performances in telenovelas, series and theater. Ron promotes the animal rights, he efforts to stop the hunt and human abuse of animals. He is also involved in nature and environmental causes, as planting trees and raise awareness to people about that.

Sleeping with the Past

Sleeping with the Past is the 22nd studio album by Elton John and was released on 29 August 1989. It topped the album charts in New Zealand, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and made the top 30 in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, France, Hungary, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and the United States.

Gentile Bellini

Gentile Bellini (c. 1429 – February 23, 1507) was an Italian painter. From 1474 he was the official portrait artist for the Doges of Venice.


Stephan's Quintet

Stephan's Quintet is in the constellation Pegasus. It is a visual grouping of five galaxies of which four are the first compact galaxy group ever discovered. The group is about 280 million light years from Earth.

The group was discovered by Édouard Stephan in 1877 at Marseille Observatory.
The group is the most studied of all the compact galaxy groups. The brightest member of the visual grouping is NGC 7320. This has extensive H II regions, seen here as red blobs, where active star formation is occurring.

These galaxies are of interest because of their violent collisions. Four of the five galaxies in Stephan's Quintet form a physical association, Hickson Compact Group 92. They are involved in a cosmic dance that will probably end with the galaxies merging. 

Radio observations in the early 1970s showed a mysterious emission from the inter-galactic space between the galaxies in the group. This same region also showed faint glow of ionized atomic hydrogen. You can see this in the visible part of the spectrum as the magnificent green-blue arc in the picture to the right. Two space telescopes have recently shown something about the nature of the strange filament. It is now believed to be a giant intergalactic shock-wave (similar to a sonic boom but travelling in intergalactic gas rather than air). This is caused by one galaxy (NGC 7318B) falling into the center of the group at several million miles per hour.

The light blue galaxy NGC 7320 is a foreground galaxy, only 40 million light years from Earth.

Bloodhound SSC

Bloodhound SSC is a supersonic land vehicle currently in development. Its goal is to match or exceed . This would mean a new world land speed record. The pencil-shaped car is powered by a jet engine and a rocket engine. It is designed to reach . It is being developed and built with the intention of breaking the land speed record by 33%.

Runway testing of up to is scheduled to take place in early 2015. Bloodhound SSC will then be tested on the Hakskeen Pan in South Africa. A track long, wide has been cleared.

Planomicrobium mcmeekinii

Planomicrobium mcmeekinii is a species of bacteria. It is gram-positive. The cells are rod shaped. It doesn't form spores. It grows from 0–37 °C. "Planomicrobium mcmeekinii" belongs to the family "Planococcaceae".


Marram grass

Marram grass is Ammophila, a genus of grasses. They are xerophytes, which live in dry places. Marram specialises in being the first line of land plants in coastal sand dunes.

"Ammophila" has roots up to metres long. They find the moisture below the dry sand. These plants are used to stop sand-blow, because their roots hold the sand, and stop the wind blowing it away. 

Marram grass feels like long AstroTurf and feels almost rubbery.

Kimmo Timonen

Kimmo Samuel Timonen (born March 18, 1975) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Nashville Predators and Philadelphia Flyers.

Before playing in the NHL, Timonen played parts of 7 years in the SM-liiga with KalPa, TPS, and HIFK.

He was drafted 250th overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. He continued to play in the SM-liiga after the draft. He helped Finland win the bronze medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano. A little while after the Olympics, the Kings traded Timonen along with Jan Vopat to the Nashville Predators (who did not begin playing yet) in agreement that the Predators would not draft Garry Galley in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft.

Timonen would spend time between the Predators and their IHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals. He was called up to the Predators during 1999-2000 season. He played the next four seasons with the Predators before the 2004–05 NHL lockout. He decided to travel back to Finland and play for KalPa during the lockout. On October 3, 2006, the Predators named Timonen the captain for the 2006–07 season.

On June 18, 2007, the Predators traded Timonen along with Scott Hartnell to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for Philadelphia's first round pick (Jonathon Blum) in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. After he signed, he became the highest paid Finn in the NHL after he signed a six-year, $37.8 million contract extension.

Timonen and the Flyers faced the Washington Capitals in the first round of the playoffs. Philadelphia was able to win the series 4–3. In the second round of the playoffs, the Flyers played against the Montreal Canadiens and won the series 4–1. On April 30, 2008, Timonen was hit by a wrist shot at his foot by Canadiens defenseman Andrei Markov. He said that he had felt numbness in his foot but he didn't think it was anything but a twisted nerve. On May 8, 2008, a doctor at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania who looked at Timonen's foot said that he had found a small blood clot. This stopped Timonen from playing indefinitely and he missed the first four games of the Eastern Conference Finals against the rival Pittsburgh Penguins. He returned in game 5 but the Flyers lost and they were eliminated from the playoffs. On March 5, 2011, Timonen scored his 100th career goal against Ryan Miller of the Buffalo Sabres in a 5–3 loss. On August 5, 2014, Timonen was diagnosed with blood clots in his right leg and both of his lungs. He was ruled out from playing indefinitely and missed the first 62 games of the season.

On February 27, 2015, the Flyers traded Timonen to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for a 2015 second-round pick and 2016 fourth-round pick.

Tomas Tranströmer

Tomas Gösta Tranströmer (15 April 1931 – 26 March 2015) was a Swedish poet, psychologist and translator. He was awarded the 1990 Neustadt International Prize for Literature and the 2011 Nobel Prize in Literature.

Tranströmer was born in Stockholm. He was married to Monica Bladh and had two daughters, Emma and Paula. He had a stroke in 1990, leaving him with aphasia and without the use of his right hand.

Tranströmer died after a short illness on 26 March 2015 at his home in Stockholm, aged 83.



Pelvic inflammatory disease

Pelvic inflammatory disease or PID is an infection. It is an infection of the female organs: uterus. fallopian tubes, cervix, and ovaries. PID can cause a women not being able to have a baby. It can cause a baby to grow outside of the womb and pelvic pain. Sometimes the woman does not feel sick. The infection is caused by bacteria. Sexually transmitted infections can cause pelvic inflammatory disease. The infection is from having sex with some one who has the infection. One in 8 women with a history of PID may have a problem getting pregnant. 
A woman with PID can feel sick. But sometimes a woman with PID does not feel sick. A woman with PID can have a fever, She can have pain when the belly is touched, painful sex, or unusual bleeding. The signs of being sick with PID can be:

If this illness is not treated it can prevent a woman from having children. It can kill the unborn child and it can be very painful. This disease can be treated and the infection can be cured. PID is treated by a doctor with antibiotic medication.
The infection is caused by microorganisms that enter the body through the vagina during sex. The bacteria travel up thorough the uterus and into the inside of the body. There are many microorganisms that cause infection in this way, such as:

Medical workers use different tests to find the infection. They can perform a medical exam to see evidence of pus and find painful areas. They can use a microscope to see the microorganisms causing the infection. A blood test can detect PID. Two thirds of women were not aware they had PID. Even with no signs of infection, PID can cause serious harm.

Other things can cause the same infection as PID. This could be a complicated pregnancy, appendicitis, swollen or twisted ovaries, and endometriosis. A woman is more likely to get Pelvic inflammatory disease if she has had it before. She is more likely to have the infection if she has recently had sex, started menstruation, had an Intrauterine device put inside her uterus or if her sex partner has a sexually transmitted infection.

Medical testing for sexually transmitted infections is important for prevention. The chance of getting PID can be made less by:

If your medical provider thinks you are infected, treatment is usually started right away. Serious results may happen from delayed treatment. Sometimes the medical provider will use a test to help find the infection. Curing the infection with antibiotic medications is normal. Treating sex partners for possible infections will help in treatment and prevention of getting the infection again.

If the women does not get treated, the infection can get worse. Then many things will happen. If this infection is found early, treatment can begin, and the problems can be prevented. Some of the bad things that can happen with PID are blocked fallopian tubes and internal scar tissue. The woman could have a baby grow outside the womb. There could be much pain in the belly.

Even when the PID infection is cured, the damage from the infection may not go away. This makes finding the infection important. Treatment by medical providers can prevent damage to the female reproductive organs.

Salto Grande

Salto Grande is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population, in 2014, was 9.190 inhabitants and its area is 211,10 km². Its name means Great Falls in Portuguese.

Gélise

The Gélise is a river of south-western France that flows through the Gers, Landes and Lot-et-Garonne departments, in the Occitanie and Nouvelle-Aquitaine regions. It is a left tributary of the Baïse river.

The Gélise has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 4.72 cubic metres per second at Mézin.

The Gélise starts in the place known as "Cahuzères" in the "commune" of Lupiac, Gers department, at an elevation of about . It flows to the northwest and then, after Castelnau-d'Auzan, turns to the northeast.

It joins the Baïse on its left bank at Lavardac, at about of altitude.
The Gélise flows through 21 "communes". It passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


The main tributaries of the Gélise river are:



Mi corazón es tuyo

Mi corazón es tuyo (English: "My heart is yours") is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Juan Osorio for Televisa. It airs weeknights on El Canal de las Estrellas. The telenovela is an adaptation of the Spanish telenovela "Ana y los 7". It was adapted in Mexico by Alejandro Pohlenz, Marcia del Río, and Pablo Ferrer.

Silvia Navarro and Jorge Salinas are the protagonists. Mayrín Villanueva stars as the main antagonist.

Rockstar (drink)

Rockstar (branded ROCKST★R) is a popular energy drink. It was created in the United States in 2001. There are over 25 different flavors of the drink. Rockstar is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.

In 2020, Rockstar had a market share of 10% in the energy drink industry. This is the third-largest after Red Bull and Monster Energy.

It was founded in 1998 by Russell Weiner, the son of conservative talk show host Michael Savage. The drink was produced by The Coca-Cola Company until February 2009, when PepsiCo took over.

Dinkha IV

Mar Dinkha IV (Syriac: and , born Dinkha Khanania; 15 September 1935 – 26 March 2015) was an Iraqi-American Syriac Christianity cleric. He was the Catholicos-Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, United States, from 1976 until his death.

Dinkha IV was born in Darbandokeh to an Assyrian family. He was baptized. He was also a priest in Tehran, Iran.

Dinkha IV died on 26 March 2015 in Rochester, Minnesota, aged 79.

CIH

CIH (also known as Chernobyl or Spacefiller) is a Windows 9x computer virus which first appeared in 1998. It was created by Chen Ing-hau, a Chinese student. The name it was given is based on his initials. After the virus is run on April 26, it will start adding random data to files on the hard drive. On some computers it will also corrupt the BIOS. This will leave the computer unable to operate until the hard drive is recovered with data recovery software and the BIOS is manually reflashed. It does not infect Windows NT computers. It resulted in over 1 billion USD worth in damages. In 1999, IBM shipped some of their Aptiva computers with the virus already on the computer. Some games, like Activision's SiN and Electronic Arts' Wing Commander came with the virus.

CryptoLocker

CryptoLocker is a file encrypting ransomware. It first appeared in September 2013. It was transferred using email attachments and botnets. The ransomware encrypts most files on the computer (including connected devices), using an RSA encryption.After infection Cryptolocker scan the victim’s folder structure for files matching a set of file extensions, encrypt them and display a message window that demands a ransom in order to decrypt the files. Cryptolocker use RSA public-key cryptography. Once it has encrypted the files, it will display a window asking for 2 Bitcoin for the decryption program. It will give the user 72 hours to pay the ransom.

If the user does not pay the fee in time, the ransomware will uninstall itself and ask the user to download it again. It will then ask the user for 10 Bitcoin, instead of 2. A program to decrypt (fix) files was later made available.

Ransomware

Ransomware is a type of malware. It restricts access to the computer system that it infects all the data that it stores (often using encryption techniques), and demands a ransom be paid to the creator(s) of the malware. This is in order for the restriction to be removed. Some forms of Ransomware encrypt files on the system's hard disk. Others may simply lock the system and display messages intended to persuade the user to pay.

Ransomware first became popular in Russia. Now the use of ransomware scams has grown internationally. In June 2013, McAfee said it had collected over 250,000 unique samples of ransomware in the first three months of 2013. This is more than double the number of the previous year. CryptoLocker, a ransomware worm that surfaced in late-2013, had collected an estimated $3 million USD before it was taken down by authorities.

In May 2017, a piece of ransomware called spread around the world. It lasted four days and affected over 200,000 computers in 150 countries. Only about $130,000 (USD) was ever paid in ransom, but the attack affected a lot of large companies and organizations. The United Kingdom's National Health Service (NHS) was hit hard by WannaCry. Hospitals could not access their files, and so many surgeries were cancelled and patients had to be turned away. The NHS was especially at risk because it was using a version of the Windows operating system called Windows XP that Microsoft no longer supported. This meant that Microsoft had not been sending out security updates for this version of Windows, leaving it open to the WannaCry virus. Other systems were affected even though they were running newer versions of Windows, because their users had not yet installed the most recent security updates. Even though it was not designed to actually damage computers or their files, WannaCry led to a lot of wasted time and money, showing how vulnerable the world still is to ransomware attacks.

Lil' Chris

Christopher James Hardman (26 August 1990 – 23 March 2015), known by the stage name Lil' Chris, was an English singer-songwriter, actor, and television personality. His career began in 2006, after appearing on the Channel 4 series "Rock School". Later that year, he released the single "Checkin' It Out", which charted at number 3, and a self-titled album. 

Chris committed suicide (killed himself) by hanging on 23 March 2015 at his home in Lowestoft, aged 24.

Richard Butson

Colonel Arthur Richard Cecil Butson, GC, OMM, CD and Bar (24 October 1922 – 24 March 2015) was a British-born Canadian explorer and physician. 

He then joined the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1946 during World War II. In 1947 was awarded the Albert Medal, then, with the George Cross. Later, all holders of the Albert Medal were ordered to exchange that medal for the George Cross.

Butson died at the age of 92 on 24 March 2015.

Andreas Lubitz

Andreas Günter Lubitz (18 December 1987 – 24 March 2015) was a German pilot for the international airline Lufthansa. Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin, French and German authorities, as well as executives of Lufthansa, have issued statements that they believe that Lubitz intentionally crashed the Airbus A320 of Germanwings Flight 9525 (GWI18G & D-AIPX) into the French Alps, killing himself along with 149 others in a murder-suicide on 24 March 2015.

Lubitz grew up in Neuburg an der Donau until the age of six, where he lived with his parents at his maternal grandfather's house. The family then moved to Montabaur, where he attended the Mons-Tabor-Gymnasium, from which he graduated in 2007. At the age of 14, he became a member of the local gliding club LSC Westerwald e. V., where he obtained his gliding licence about two years later. In 2008, Lubitz began his pilot training at the Lufthansa Commercial Flight School in Bremen, which he interrupted for several months in 2009. Before continuing his training as a commercial pilot, he was "in psychotherapeutic treatment for an extended period of time with noted suicidal tendencies." From 2011 to 2013, he ran the Lufthansa Frankfurt Half Marathon.

After completing his training, Lubitz worked as a flight attendant for eleven months, then as a first officer (co-pilot) for Lufthansa subsidiary Germanwings from September 2013, completing around 630 flight hours on the Airbus A320.

Ivo Garrani

Ivo Garrani (6 February 1924 – 25 March 2015) was an Italian actor. Garrani is possibly best known for his role as Prince Vajda in Mario Bava's "Black Sunday" (1960).

Dick Bond (politician)

Richard M. (Dick) Bond (April 23, 1921 – March 25, 2015) was an American politician in the state of Washington. He served the 6th district from 1975 to 1987.

Ron Suart

Ronald "Ron" Suart (18 November 1920 – 25 March 2015) was an English football player and manager.

Suart was a full-back at Blackpool, playing alongside fellow defenders George Farrow and Harry Johnston in a team which also included Stanley Matthews and Stan Mortensen. Blackpool reached the 1948 FA Cup Final, but Suart missed it through injury. He transferred to Blackburn Rovers in 1949, before retiring in 1955.

Suart died in March 2015, aged 94.

Luís Miguel Rocha

Luís Miguel Rocha (February 1976 – 26 March 2015) was a Portuguese author, television writer and producer. Rocha wrote and produced television in London. Rocha's second novel, "The Last Pope", was published in 2006. The novel examines the conspiracy theories about the death of Pope John Paul I.


T. Sailo

Ṭhenphunga Sailo (January 1, 1922 – March 27, 2015) was the second Chief Minister of Mizoram, a state in northeast India. He served as a member of the Mizoram People's Conference, across two stints between 1978 to 1984. Prior to that he served as an officer in the British India Army and then the Indian Army, retiring as a brigadier.

Rod Hundley

Rodney Clark "Hot Rod" Hundley (October 26, 1934 – March 27, 2015) was an American professional basketball player and television broadcaster. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1957 to 1963. He later became known as a broadcaster for the Utah Jazz. Hundley was born in Charleston, West Virginia.

Hundley died of Alzheimer's disease at his home in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 80.

O Death

O Death — also known as O, Death, Oh Death, and Conversations with Death — is a traditional American folk song.

Country blues banjo player Moran Lee "Dock" Boggs (1898-1971) recorded the song in the late 1920s. A recording from the 1938 National Folk Festival held in Washington, D.C. is on file with the Library of Congress. Various folk music artists included "Oh, Death" on a variety of musical collections throughout the 1970s and '80s.

Man of Constant Sorrow

"Man of Constant Sorrow" (also known as "I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow") is a traditional American folk song first recorded by Dick Burnett, a partially blind fiddler from Kentucky. The song was originally recorded by Burnett as "Farewell Song" printed in a Richard Burnett songbook, about 1913. 

An early version was recorded by Emry Arthur in 1928 (Vocalion Vo 5208). It became popular again when it was played in the 2000 movie "O Brother, Where Art Thou?".

Amaro Silva

Amaro Silva (c. 1957 – March 27, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He served on the Winnipeg City Council from 1992 to 1998.

Silva died on March 27, 2015 following a "serious illness", aged 57.

Josef Sommer

Josef Sommer (born June 26, 1934) is a German-American stage and movie actor. He was born in Greifswald, Germany, and raised in North Carolina. He appeared as 38th President Gerald Ford opposite Gena Rowlands in the made-for-TV movie "The Betty Ford Story" (1987). He is known for his role as Dr. Eaton in the 1998 movie "Patch Adams".

George Washington University Hospital

The George Washington University Hospital is the hub of a major medical center in Washington, D.C. in the United States. It is affiliated with the George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences. The current building was opened on August 23, 2002. Since 1997, The George Washington University Hospital has been jointly owned and operated by a parnership between a subsidiary of Universal Health Services and The George Washington University.

In 1981 after being shot, Ronald Reagan was taken to the hospital.

Jack Higgins

Jack Higgins (born Henry Patterson; 27 July 1929 – 9 April 2022) was a British writer. He was one of the best-selling authors of popular thrillers and espionage novels. His breakthrough novel "The Eagle Has Landed" (1975). He was also known for his books; "A Prayer for the Dying" (1987), "The Eagle Has Flown" (1991), "Thunder Point" (1993), "Angel of Death" (1995), "Flight of Eagles" (1998), and "Day of Reckoning" (2000).

Higgins died on 9 April 2022 at his home in Jersey, Channel Islands at the age of 92.


Sleep deprivation

Sleep deprivation is the condition of not having enough sleep. The condition affects the brain and its cognitive function. The condition can be either chronic or acute. Paradoxically, sleep deprivation can be used to treat certain disorders, such as clinical depression. Sleep deprivation has also been used as a form of torture. Multiple factors can cause or contribute to sleep deprivation including poor sleep hygiene, lifestyle choices, work obligations, sleep disorders, and other medical conditions. Sleep deficiency may be caused by other sleep disorders or medical conditions. For example, sleep apnea, a breathing disorder that induces dozens of nightly awakenings, may hinder both sleep duration and quality. Other medical or mental health problems, such as pain or general anxiety disorder, can interfere with the quality and quantity of sleep.
Generally, sleep deprivation may result in:

There are many reasons why a person may not get enough sleep. Examples include:


Sleep deprivation and sleep insufficiency may be categorised in different ways depending on a person’s circumstances.


False memory

Both perception ("experiencing") and remembering are processes which involve the brain. For this reason, errors do sometimes occur. Errors in perception are commonly called illusions. Emil Kraepelin used the term "Erinnerungsverfälschung" (memory falsification) to speak about false memories.

Perceptions need stimuli to be created. A perception without a stimulus is called hallucination. Much like the difference between illusion and hallucination, Kraepelin wanted to distinguish between a false memory and memories of something that did not really happen, which he called "Erinnerkungsfälschung". Unfortunately, both German terms translate to the same English term.

A false memory is a condition where a person remembers something that did not occur or where the memory does not closely match the occurrence. 

Using suggestion and hypnosis, it is possible to make people believe they experienced something, when they did not. Such phenomena also occur spontaneously, for example in a stressful situation, or when someone is not sleeping enough. 

To prove the existence of false memories, an experiment was conducted: People were given small stories of supposed relatives who told how these people were lost in a shopping mall, at age five or six, and how they had to be "rescued" by an adult. The experiment was done with 24 people. Afterwards, six people said that they remembered the event, even though it had never happened.

False memories can sometimes be shared by multiple people. This is sometimes called the Mandela effect. Examples include memories of the Berenstain Bears' name being spelled "Berenstein", and of the existence of a 1990s movie entitled "Shazaam" starring comedian Sinbad as a genie.

The effect is named after South African anti-Apartheid leader Nelson Mandela after people believed he died in prison in the 1980s (he actually died in 2013, after having served as President of South Africa from 1994-99), which she claimed was shared by "perhaps thousands" of other people.

Sometimes, people are accused of a crime, and often part of the evidence consists of facts other people remember. It is a problem to convict someone of a crime, based only on such evidence. In the case of sexual abuse or of child abuse these memories will usually be bad ones, and the brain will have changed them, as a measure of protection. Before a conviction is done, the court needs to make sure that the conviction does not happen based on the recollection of only one person, as recovering the "facts" behind the memories can be difficult. 

(Everything I Do) I Do It for You

"(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" is a song by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams. The song was released on June 18, 1991. It was the first single on his sixth studio album "Waking Up the Neighbours". It is also featured on the soundtrack for the 1991 movie "Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves".

The song was able to peak at #1 on many different music charts. It sold more than 15 million copies worldwide and is Adams' most successful song. It is one of the best-selling singles of all time.

In 1992, the song won a Grammy Award in the category of Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television. It was also nominated in the categories of Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Vocal Performance, Male. The song was also nominated for an Academy Award in the category of Best Song.

Vaginal discharge

Vaginal discharge is the fluid coming out of the vagina. It can be clear or different colors, white, yellow or green. It can be different thicknesses.
Most of the time clear discharge is normal. Clear discharge is part of the menstrual cycle. Some discharge can be from an infection, sickness or disease. The discharge from a yeast infection (Candiditis) is white and thick with lumps. Discharge can be a result of an infection that you get while having sex, sexually transmitted disease.
The term "blennorrhea" is often used to designate mucus discharge from the urethra or vagina. Discharge from an infection called bacterial vaginosis that has a 'fishy' smell.


Fissure vent

A fissure vent, also known as a volcanic fissure or eruption fissure, is a kind of volcano through which lava erupts. The crack is usually linear (follows a fairly straight line). It is often a few meters wide and may be many kilometers long. Fissure vents can cause large flood of lava and later lava tubes. After some time the eruption cools down gradually and builds up craters.

Malalai Bahaduri

Malalai Bahaduri is a Senior Instructor in the Afghan National Interdiction Unit (NIU), with the military rank of Second Lieutenant. In 2013, Bahaduri received an International Women of Courage Award.

Bahaduri worked as a telecommunications operator. In 2002, the Taliban rule of Afghanistan ended, and Bahaduri decided to join law enforcement. Her uncle did not want her to do this. He threatened Bahaduri with death, and he physically abused her. 

Bahaduri is the first woman in the Afghan National Interdiction Unit. She worked in counternarcotics operations in all 34 provinces of Afghanistan. 


Tsering Woeser

Tsering Woeser (also written Öser; Han name Chéng Wénsà 程文萨; born 1966) is a Tibetan activist, blogger, poet and essayist. She lives in China.

Woeser is a quarter Han and three quarters Tibetan. She was born in Lhasa. Her grandfather as a Han ethnic. He was an officer in the Nationalist Army of the Kuomintang. Her father was a high ranking Army officer in the People's Liberation Army.

When Woeser was a small child, her family moved to the Kham area of western Sichuan province. In 1988, she graduated from Southwest University for Nationalities in Chengdu with a degree in Chinese literature. She worked as a reporter in Kardzé and later worked in Lhasa. In 2003, she moved to Beijing because of political problems. Woeser is married to Wang Lixiong, a famous author. Lixiong often writes about Tibet. According to Reporters sans frontières, "Woeser is one of the few Tibetan authors and poets to write in Chinese." Because the government refused to give Woeser a passport, Woeser sued the government.

Woeser wrote a book, "Notes on Tibet" (西藏笔记; "Xīzàng Bǐjì"). According to the Tibet Information Network, unnamed sources say that the government banned the book about September 2003. According to UNPO, Woeser lost her job shortly after the ban. Radio Free Asia said that she continued to write poems and articles on her two blogs: Maroon Map (绛红色的地图, "oser.tibetcul.net"), which, according to the author, was visited mostly by Tibetans, and the Woeser blog "(blog.daqi.com/weise)", which was visited mostly by those of Han ethnicity. According to RFA, on July 28, 2006, both blogs were closed by the government. The blogs were probably closed because she wrote birthday greetings to the Dalai Lama and wrote about other sensitive topics. Woeser said that she would continue to write and to speak.

During the Tibetan unrest of 2008, Woeser and her husband were put under house arrest after they spoke to reporters. In December 2008, Woeser and her husband were among the first of the original 303 people to sign Charter 08, Now, thousands more have signed it. Liu Xiaobo, the author of Charter 08, went to prison for 11 years. He received the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize. In July 2009, Woeser and her husband, along with more than 100 other people, signed a petition for the Chinese govenrmnent to free ethnic-Uyghur professor of economics Ilham Tohti. When Woeser won the Prince Claus Awards in 2011, the government did not permit her to receive the prize in the Dutch embassy.




Julieta Castellanos

Julieta Castellanos (born 8 January 1954) is a Honduran sociologist. She is the rector of the National Autonomous University of Honduras (UNAH) since 2009. Castellanos has worked against violence in Honduras, working mostly on drug cartels and police corruption. She worked for reform of the courts and the police. In 2004, Castellanos started the Observatorio de la Violencia (Violence Observatory) at UNAH. The Violence Observatory analyzes crime statistics in Honduras. She was also a member of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. The job of this commission was to find the facts of the 2009 coup that removed President Manuel Zelaya from power.

Castellanos was born in San Francisco de Becerra, Olancho on 8 January 1954. Her mother was Rafael Castellanos of Santa Bárbara, and her father was Ernestina Ruiz of Olancho. She grew up in the sugar fields of rural Honduras. In 1968, Castellanos' father gave her a test to be a student at the Normal School for Girls in the city of Tegucigalpa. She entered the school and graduated in 1973 with a teaching degree. In 1974, Castellanos won two scholarships to study social work at the National Autonomous University of Honduras (UNAH) and social sciences in the College of Teachers. After several years of study, she finished her studies with a master's degree in economics from UNAH and a bachelor's degree in sociology from the University of Costa Rica. 

After she finished her studies, Castellanos became a professor at UNAH in 1978. She was head of the Social Sciences Department and President of the Association of Teachers from 1997 to 2001. Castellanos was also the President of the Association of Professors of the University Center of General Studies (CUEG) in 1986, Coordinator of the Violence Observatory since 2005, consultant to the Arias Foundation for Human Progress and the Washington Office on Latin America (WOLA), and Research Associate of the Centro de Documentatión de Honduras (CEDOH). For 13 years, Castellanos was also the author of a newspaper column.

Castellanos was elected to a four-year term as Rector of the National Autonomous University of Honduras in 2009. At the time of her appointment as rector, she was also the Coordinator of the UNAH Violence Observatory and Director of the Instituto Universitario en Democracia Paz y Seguridad (Institute for Democracy, Peace and Security, IUDPAS). IUDPAS was started with support from the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDA) when Castellanos worked as a consultant for the UNDP. Castellanos took the place of Jorge Abraham Arita, who was removed for incompetence. In a press conference, College Board president Olvin Rodriguez said Castellanos was chosen as rector because she was well-respected by the university community, and also by Honduran society and internationally.

Shortly after Castellanos got the job of rector, President Manuel Zelaya was removed from power in a coup. During a demonstration by University students, the police tired to stop the demonstration. The police pushed Castellanos down when she tried to stop them. During her time as rector, she had disagreements with SITRAUNAH, the union for the University's employees. She also received criticism because she fired 60 employees who protested at the university 2009. Castellanos oversaw the construction of a sports complex, an administrative building, and a university clinic. The university invested L1,500 million in the clinic.

Castellanos' four years as rector ended in April 2013. She remained interim rector. In September 2013, she won an election for another term as head of the university.

Castellanos was a strong advocate for police reform and against violent crime in Honduras. She pushed for an international commission to oversee a purge of the police. The National Congress of Honduras approved the idea. Castellanos also spoke about gun politics in Honduras. She asked the Honduran armed forces to destroy illegal guns, including AK-47s.

In October 2011, the Honduran national police kidnapped and killed Castellanos' 22-year-old son. The incident called attention to the degree of corruption within the Honduran police. Castellanos called for an end to foreign aid for the Honduran police and military, demanding that they "stop feeding the beast."

Castellanos received the first Martin Luther King, Jr. Award on 20 April 2012. The Martin Luther King, Jr. Foundation and the Instituto Hondureño de Cultura Interamericana gave her the award in a ceremony.

In March 2013, Castellanos received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department. US Secretary of State John Kerry and First Lady Michelle Obama presented the award.



Tim Omaji

Tim Omaji (born 9 September 1987), also known by his former stage name Timomatic, is an Australian singer-songwriter and dancer. He is best known for his single "Set It Off". He was a contestant on "So You Think You Can Dance Australia" in 2009, finishing seventh in the competition. He also appeared as a contestant on "Australia's Got Talent" and placed third in the competition. Later that year, he signed with Sony Music Australia.

Omaji was born in Nigeria. He moved to Australia when he was ten months old. He lived in many places all over the nation before settling in Canberra.


Josephine Obiajulu Odumakin

Josephine "Joe" Obiajulu Okei-Odumakin is a Nigerian women's rights activist. She is the president of the rights groups Women Arise for Change Initiative and the Campaign for Democracy.

Odumakin was born in Zaria, Kaduna on 4 July 1966. She grew up in a Roman Catholic household. 

In 1987, Odumakin received a bachelor's degree in English Education. Then she received a master's degree in Guidance and Counseling and a doctorate in History and Policy of Education from the University of Ilorin. She was arrested often for her activism, especially during the military rule of Ibrahim Babangida. She met her future husband, Yinka Odumakin, in prison.



Elena Milashina

Elena Milashina (Russian: Елена Милашина, born 28 October 1978) is a Russian investigative journalist for "Novaya Gazeta." In October 2009, Milashina received Human Rights Watch's Alison Des Forges Award for Extraordinary Activism. 

In 2006, Milashina's colleague Anna Politkovskaya was assassinated in Moscow. Milashina continues the investigations. 

In the early morning of April 5, 2012, two unidentified people attacked Milashina and her friend Ella Asoyan in the Balashika neighborhood of Moscow.

In 2013, Elena Milashina received an International Women of Courage Award.



Fartuun Adan

Fartuun Abdisalaan Adan (, ) is a Somali social activist.

Fartuun grew up in Somalia. She married Elman Ali Ahmed, a local entrepreneur and peace activist. The couple had four daughters.

In 1996, during the high point of the Somali Civil War, Fartuun's husband was killed near the family's home in southern Mogadishu. After her husband died, Fartuun emigrated to Canada in 1999.

In 2007, Fartuun returned to Somalia. She became an advocate for peace and human rights.

The center is a NGO based in Mogadishu. Fartuun established the center in honor of her late husband. Fartuun is the organization's Executive Director. Fartuun's daughter Ilwad works with her.

Through the center, Fartuun also co-founded Sister Somalia, the country's first program to help victims of sexual violence.

In 2013, Adan received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.

In 2014, she also received an award from the government of Germany for her work with the Elman Peace and Human Rights Centre.


Administrative centre

An administrative centre is sometimes used in some countries to refer to a county town, or other seat of regional/local government, or the place where the central administration of a commune is located.


Authority control

In library science and information science, authority control means the use and maintenance of the forms of names, subjects, uniform titles, etc. used as headings in a catalog. Since this creates a link between bibliographic records and the authority file, authority control provides the underlying structure of the catalog.


Quarter Pounder

The Quarter Pounder is a hamburger sold by international fast food chain McDonald's. Until 2015, the weight of the patty was four ounces (a quarter of a pound) (113.4 grams). Since 2015, the weight of a patty has been 4.25 ounces (120 grams). The Quarter Pounder has two buns, two slices of American cheese, pickles, and onions, as well as ketchup and mustard. The Quarter Pounder was created by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner, in Fremont, California, in 1971 as a competitor to the Whopper from Burger King. In mid-2023 Mcdonald's introduced a spicy variant of the hamburger which had sliced jalepeno peppers on the burger. 


Montabaur

Montabaur is a town in Germany. Andreas Lubitz came from the town.

Princess Leonore, Duchess of Gotland

Princess Leonore of Sweden, Duchess of Gotland (Leonore Lilian Maria; born 20 February 2014) is a member of The Swedish Royal Family. She is the elder child of Princess Madeleine of Sweden and Christopher O'Neill, and a granddaughter of King Carl XVI Gustaf. She was christened on 8 June 2014. The princess is currently eighth in the line of succession to the Swedish throne. 




Christopher O'Neill

Christopher Paul O'Neill (born 27 June 1974), is a British-American businessperson and the husband of Princess Madeleine of Sweden. He is the father of Princess Leonore, Prince Nicolas, and Princess Adrienne.

Eurovision Song Contest 2015

The Eurovision Song Contest 2015 was the 60th edition of the contest and took place in Vienna, Austria, after Conchita Wurst won the previous year. 40 countries took part this year, with Sweden's song "Heroes" by Måns Zelmerlöw winning.

Australia took part for the first time ever and was invited to the Grand Final as a special guest. Ukraine did not participate due to financial problems related to Russia's invasion of Crimea.

According to the rules of Eurovision 2015, there would be 27 countries in the Grand Final. These included host country Austria, the Big 5 (France, Germany, Spain, Italy and the United Kingdom), Australia and the twenty countries which qualified from the semi-finals.

The first semi-final took place on Tuesday, the 19th May 2015. 16 countries participated in this semi-final. Those 16 countries plus Austria, France and Spain voted in this semi-final. The rankings from each country's jury vote and public vote were combined and the ten best ranked countries qualified for the final.
The second semi-final took place on Thursday, the 21th May 2015. 17 countries participated in this semi-final. Those countries plus Germany, Italy and the United Kingdom voted in this semi-final. The rankings from each country's jury vote and public vote were combined and the ten best ranked countries qualified for the final.
The Grand Final took place on Saturday, the 23th May 2015. The 27 finalists were Austria, the Big Five, the twenty qualifiers from the semi-finals and Australia, who was invited as a special guest. The winner was Sweden, with the song "Heroes" by Måns Zelmerlöw. 
Each country used a jury vote and a public vote to rank the songs. The rankings were combined and the ten songs that ranked highest in both votes were awarded points on a scale of 12, 10 and 8 to 1 (with 12 going to the highest ranked, 10 to the second and 8 to 1 from the third to tenth). Once each country had awarded their points, the winner was declared.

Satellite DNA

Satellite DNA has many sections of repeating, non-coding DNA. 

Satellite DNA is a type of tandem repeat. The repeats sit next to each other, in tandem. These are multiple copies of the same base-pair sequence lying end-to-end. Tandem repeats also include minisatellite and microsatellite DNA. 
Satellite DNA is the main component of centromeres. It forms the main part of heterochromatin.

The most common type of tandem repeat is the heterochromatin, which sits on chromosomes around the centromeres and elsewhere. It is "transcriptionally inactive", meaning, it does not code for proteins.

Tandem repeat

Tandem repeats occur in DNA when a pattern of nucleotides is repeated. The repeats sit next to each other, in tandem. These are multiple copies of the same base-pair sequence lying end-to-end. 

An example would be: ATTCG ATTCG ATTCG in which the sequence ATTCG is repeated three times.

If between 10 and 60 nucleotides are repeated, it is called a minisatellite. Those with fewer are known as microsatellites or 'short tandem repeats'.

When exactly two nucleotides are repeated, it is called a "dinucleotide repeat" (for example: ACACACAC…).

When three nucleotides are repeated, it is called a "trinucleotide repeat" (for example: CAGCAGCAGCAG…). Abnormalities in such regions can give rise to trinucleotide repeat disorders.

The repeat unit copy number may be variable. This is a variable number tandem repeat (VNTR). 

A tandem repeat pattern helps determine an individual's inherited traits. Tandem repeats can be very useful in determining parentage. Short tandem repeats are used for certain genealogical DNA tests.

In genetic fingerprinting and DNA profiling, DNA is examined from tandem repeats in the chromosomal DNA. 

Dusty the Klepto Kitty

Dusty the Klepto Kitty is a famous Snowshoe cat. He became popular in early 2011 for his acts of "burglary" in his neighborhood.

By then, Dusty had stolen 16 car wash mitts, 7 sponges, 213 dish towels, 7 wash cloths, 5 bath towels, 18 shoes, 73 socks, 100 gloves, 1 pair of mittens, 3 aprons, 40 balls, 4 pairs of underwear, 1 dog collar, 6 rubber toys, 1 blanket, 3 leg warmers, 2 Frisbees, 1 golf club cover, 1 safety mask, 2 mesh bags, 1 bag of water balloons, 1 pair of pajama pants, 8 swimsuits, and 8 other objects. 

His behavior got him an appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman" in February 2011. 

He got the nickname "Klepto Kitty"" because of the word Kleptomania. He had already taken more than 600 items from the gardens he roams around in. Most of his theft happens at night. The most he has brought home at once is eleven things, his owners say. He has even been caught on camera carrying home a bra.

Dusty was born on March 20, 2006. He lives in San Mateo, California. He was adopted from an animal shelter; the Peninsula Humane Society. His owners are Jean Chu and Jim Coleman.

For his first two years, Dusty stayed home and seemed to be a normal cat. But in 2008, his owners began to find items and clothes that did not belong to them showing up in the house. Sometimes, the cat would put them in his owner's bed. They began to suspect that their cat was bringing them home. This turned out to be very true.

Dusty didn't really get much attention outside of his neighborhood until February 2011. Animal Planet had read about him in People magazine. Animal Planet had a TV show named "Must Love Cats" and they made a feature about Dusty. Their crew was able to set up a night vision camera and catch Dusty bringing home his treasures. After this, there was a news story on KGO TV station in San Francisco . He began to be seen in YouTube videos and got famous on the internet. He was interviewed with his owners on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on February 22, 2011.

After he was seen on Letterman's show and other news shows around the world, Dusty became a celebrity. He has been shown at many community events in the San Francisco Bay Area. He was the Grand Marshal of the Redwood City Pet Parade in May 2011. 

Because Dusty was adopted from the Peninsula Humane Society animal shelter, he made a celebrity appearance at their annual adopt-a-thon in June, 2011. Some of his unclaimed stolen items were shown. They were given away to people who gave a donation.

Some of the kitty-cam movie for the Animal Planet documentary was used as a bonus feature on the DVD release for the 2011 movie "Puss in Boots". It is named "Klepto Kitty". It is about three minutes and a half minutes long.

He has a Facebook page for his fans. It shows pictures of the latest things that Dusty brings home.


Friedrich L. Bauer

Friedrich Ludwig Bauer (10 June 1924 – 26 March 2015) was a German computer scientist and professor emeritus at the Technical University of Munich. He served in the Wehrmacht in World War II.


Miroslav Ondříček

Ondříček was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia (now the Czech Republic). He studied filmmaking at the Barrandov Studio Training School. Ondříček died in Prague at the age of 80.

Bud, Not Buddy

Bud, Not Buddy is a children's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis. It is set in Michigan in 1936. It was published in 1999. The book won the Newbery Medal in 2000, for excellence in American children's literature.

American Beauty/American Psycho

American Beauty/American Psycho (sometimes abbreviated as AB/AP) is a studio album by punk rock group Fall Out Boy. It was released on January 20, 2015. This was the second album the band recorded since getting back together in 2013. The band wrote the music for the album while on tour with Paramore.

The band released a single ("Centuries") on September 9th, 2014. This was before the album itself was complete. "Centuries" reached No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100. It reached first position on the UK Rock and Metal Chart. The album debuted at No. 1 on the US Billboard 200 album chart. It sold the equivalent of 218,000 copies in its first week. It became the band's third No. 1 album.


Yusuf Mohamed Ismail

Yusuf Mohamed Ismail (, ‎; 11 September 1960 – 27 March 2015), also known as Bari-Bari, was a Somali politician and diplomat. He joined diplomatic services in 2007. At the time of his death, he was the Ambassador to Switzerland and the Permanent Representative to the United Nations in Geneva since 4 April 2008.

Ismail was born in Bologna, Italy to an aristocratic Somali Muslim family. He studied at the University of Bologna. He was married and had children.

On 27 March 2015, Ismail was injured in an attack by al-Shabaab militants at the Makka al-Mukarama hotel in Mogadishu while attending a conference. He later died from his injuries in hospital, aged 54. He was buried in Garoowe, Puntland on 29 March.


Tila Tequila

Nguyễn Thị Thiên Thanh (born October 24, 1981), better known by her stage names Tila Tequila, Tila Nguyen, Miss Tila and Tornado Thien. She was born in Singapore. She moved with her family at an young age to Houston, Texas. She is perhaps best known for her reality series "A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila" on MTV.

You Oughta Know

"You Oughta Know" is a song from Alanis Morissette from her third studio album "Jagged Little Pill". It reached the Top 10 in Australia and the United States.

The song was released in the United States on July 7, 1995. It received generally positive reviews by critics.

Hand in My Pocket

"Hand in My Pocket" is a rock song by Alanis Morissette. It was from her third studio album "Jagged Little Pill". The album peaked at number one in Canada. In the United States it hit number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart. The song was released as a single on 31 October 1995 in the United States. It became her second song to hit number one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. A music video in black and white was released for the single showing Morissette at a festival driving her car.

Head over Feet

"Head over Feet" is a rock song from singer Alanis Morissette from "Jagged Little Pill". The song talks of a couple who are best friends and lovers. It got positive reviews by critics.

The song was released on 16 September 1996 in North America. It hit #1 on "Billboard" Adult Top 40.

String Quartet No. 14 (Beethoven)

The String Quartet No. 14 in C minor, Opus 131, is a string quartet by Ludwig van Beethoven. He wrote it between November 1825 and July 1826. It was published in Mainz, Germany in April 1827 (after Beethoven's death) with a dedication to Baron Joseph von Stutterheim.

The work consists of seven movements played without a break:

It is about 40 minutes in length.

Åsa Romson

Åsa Elisabeth Romson (born 22 March 1972) is Swedish politician. On 3 October 2014, she became the Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden and Minister for the Environment.

Gustav Fridolin

Per Gustav Edvard Fridolin (born 10 May 1983) is a Swedish politician. On 3 October 2014, he became the Minister of Education in Sweden under Stefan Löfven.

Alice Bah Kuhnke

Alice Bah Kuhnke (born Alice Bah 21 December 1971) is a Swedish politician and television presenter. In October 2014, she became the Minister of Culture and Democracy in Sweden under Stefan Löfven. She joined the Green Party three days before being appointed.

Bah Kuhnke presented the "Mickey Mouse Club" during the early 1990s on SVT. She had her own talk show on TV4 called "Alice Bah" between 1998 and 1999.

Complete Genomics

Complete Genomics (CG) is an American biotech company. They wikt:analyse DNA as a commercial service. CG has created commercial a DNA sequencing platform for human genome. The company was founded in 2006. It is based in Mountain View, California

In March 2013, Complete Genomics was bought by BGI-Shenzhen. It is the world’s largest genomics services company. BGI is a 4,000-person company in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. It provides sequencing and bioinformatics services for commercial science, medical, agricultural, and environmental uses.

In February 2009, Complete Genomics said that it had sequenced its first human genome. They gave the results to the National Center for Biotechnology Information database. In November 2009, CG published sequence data for three human genomes in the journal 
"Science". By the end of 2009, CG had sequenced 50 human genomes. By 2015, the company has sequenced more than 20,000 genomes.

In 2014, CC worked with Radboud University (The Netherlands), Maastricht University Medical Centre (The Netherlands) and Central South University (China) to identify a major causes of intellectual disability.

Baldwin, Ontario

Baldwin is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is part of the Sudbury District. According to the Canada 2011 Census, it has a population of 551. The junction of Ontario Highway 17 and Ontario Highway 6 is in Baldwin.

Manitoba Highway 1

Manitoba Highway 1 is the section of the Trans-Canada Highway in Manitoba, Canada. It runs from west to east and is 490 kilometers (304 miles) long. It starts on the Saskatchewan border near Kirkella, Manitoba and connects with Saskatchewan Highway 1. The only major city it passes through is Winnipeg. The highway ends at the Ontario border near West Hawk Lake, where it is renamed Ontario Highway 17.

Manitoba Highway 21

Manitoba Highway 21 is a provincial highway in Manitoba, Canada. It is located in the southwestern part of the province. It starts at North Dakota Highway 14 near the border with the United States. It continues north and ends at Highway 45 and Provincial Road 577 in Oakburn, Manitoba. It is 189 kilometers (117 miles) long.

Ontario Highway 4

King's Highway 4, also known as Highway 4, is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts at Highway 3 in Southwold. It then continues northward until ending at Highway 8 in Clinton. It is 100.8 kilometers (62.6 miles) long. The highway passes through Elgin County, Middlesex County, and Huron County. It also passes through the major cities of St. Thomas and London.

Ontario Highway 23

Ontario Highway 23 is a povincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts at Highway 7 near Middlesex Centre. It continues north, passing through Perth County. The highway ends at Highway 9 and Highway 89 in Harriston. It is 97.7 kilometers (60.7 miles) long.

Much of the highway passes through rural areas.

Ontario Highway 89

Ontario Highway 89 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It is 107 kilometers (66 miles) long. It starts at the junction of Highway 9 and Highway 23 in Harriston. It then runs eastward and ends at Highway 400 near Innisfil. The highway runs through the settlements of Alliston, Shelburne, and Mount Forest, forming the main streets of these towns.

Ontario Highway 410

Ontario Highway 410 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It is 20.3 kilometers (12.6 miles) long. It starts at the junction of Highway 401 and Highway 403. It ends north of Brampton at Highway 10.

Harold Prince

Harold Smith Prince (born Harold Smith; January 30, 1928 – July 31, 2019) was an American theatrical producer and director. He won 21 Tony Awards. He was involved with "Cabaret", "West Side Story" and "Madame Butterfly".

He was born in New York City. Prince died on 31 July 2019 in Reykjavík, Iceland at the age of 91.

Fred Robsahm

Fred Otto Robsahm (29 June 1943 – 26 March 2015) was a Norwegian movie actor. He worked on a few Italian spaghetti westerns in the 1960s and 70s. He was married to Italian movie actress Agostina Belli for 15 years.



Daundre Barnaby

Daundre Barnaby (December 9, 1990 – March 27, 2015) was a Canadian track runner in the 400m. He competed for the Mississippi State Bulldogs and ran for Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing 6th in his heat in the 400m.

Barnaby disappeared on March 27, 2015 while swimming in the ocean at a training camp in Saint Kitts, and was declared dead later that same day.

Rik Battaglia

Rik Battaglia (Caterino Bertaglia; 18 February 1927 – 27 March 2015) was an Italian movie actor. He was born at Corbola, near Rovigo, Veneto. He was known for his roles in "Old Shatterhand" (1963), "Die Pyramide des Sonnengottes" (1965), "Das Vermächtnis des Inka" (1965), "Black Jack" (1968), "Winnetou und sein Freund Old Firehand", "Winnetou und Shatterhand im Tal der Toten" (1968), "White Fang" (1973), "Challenge to White Fang" (1974) in and "A Man Called Blade" (1977).

Juan Carlos Maccarone

Juan Carlos Maccarone (19 October 1940 – 29 March 2015) was an Argentine Roman Catholic retired bishop. In 1996, he became bishop in Roman Catholic Diocese of Chascomús. On 18 February 1999, Maccarone was nominated as bishop in Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago del Estero.

In 2005, a video was published, which showed Maccarone having sex together with a 23-year-old man.

B.J. Crosby

B.J. Crosby (November 23, 1952 – March 27, 2015) was an American jazz vocalist, singer, and actress. In 1995, Crosby received a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical nomination for her performance in the musical, "Smokey Joe's Cafe". Her role in "Smokey Joe's Cafe" included solo parts in the songs "Hound Dog" and "Fools Fall in Love." Crosby was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Crosby died in New Orleans, Louisiana from a diabetic stroke, aged 62.


Helmut Dietl

Helmut Dietl (22 June 1944 – 30 March 2015) was a German movie director and author. He was born in Bad Wiessee, but raised in Munich, Germany. He was known for directing the popular television series "Monaco Franze – Der ewige Stenz". 

Dietl died of lung cancer in Munich, Germany, aged 70.


Santa Barbara County, California

Santa Barbara County is a county in the U.S. state of California. It is in the southern part of the state. The county seat is Santa Barbara. At the 2020 United States census, 448,229 people lived in the county.

Marilyn Horne

Marilyn Horne (born January 16, 1934) is an American opera singer. She is a mezzo-soprano. She has won four Grammy Awards.

She was born in Bradford, Pennsylvania. She grew up in Long Beach, California.

Greater prairie chicken

The greater prairie chicken ("Tympanuchus cupido"), also known as a boomer, is a large bird in the grouse family. They come from North America. There used to be many of them. Because of habitat destruction, there are few left in some parts of its range. In other parts, there are none at all. People are trying to save the ones that are left.

Adults of both sexes are medium to large birds. They are similar to chickens. They have round wings and short tails.

National Review

The National Review is a semi-monthly political magazine. It was founded by author William F. Buckley, Jr. in 1955. The magazine is based in New York City. It contains conservative news and opinion and is often considered the main journal of conservative opinion and ideas. The magazine has had a big role in the Conservative movement and has helped promote many ideas used by conservative politicians. The editors of the National Review were Jonah Goldberg and Rich Lowry until Goldberg left for The Dispatch. The current editors are Lowry and Ramesh Ponnuru. 

Optic tectum

The optic tectum is a major part of the midbrain of vertebrates. In vertebrates such as fish, reptiles and birds, it is the main visual processor of the brain. 

In mammals, however, most of the work is done in the visual cortex. This is at the back of the cerebral cortex. The tectum does preliminary visual processing, and controls eye movement. When human anatomy textbooks use the term superior colliculus they are referring to the tectum. The diagram is based on human anatomy.

Each layer of the tectum contains a topographic map of the surrounding world. If neurons at a point in the map fire, it starts a response towards the corresponding point in space. In primates, the tectum ("superior colliculus") directs eye movements. Visual input from the retina, or "command" input from the cerebral cortex, create a "bump" of activity in the tectal map. If strong enough, this causes an eye movement. 

In primates, the tectum is also involved in generating head turns, arm-reaching movements, and shifts in attention which do not involve any movements. In other species, the tectum is involved in a wide range of responses, including whole-body turns in walking rats, swimming fishes, or flying birds; tongue-strikes toward prey in frogs; fang-strikes in snakes, etc.

In some non-mammal species, including fish and birds, the tectum is one of the largest components of the brain. In mammals, and especially primates, the massive expansion of the cerebral cortex reduces the tectum ("superior colliculus") to a much smaller fraction of the whole brain. It still is the main integrating centre for eye movements.

Kulula.com

kulula.com is a low-cost carrier from South Africa. It has a partnership with British Airways. The name "kulula" means "easily" in the Zulu language.

Trogon

The trogons and quetzals are birds in the order Trogoniformes which has only one family, the Trogonidae. There are 39 living species in seven genera.

The fossil record of the trogons dates back 49 million years to the mid-Eocene. The word "trogon" is Greek for "nibbling" and refers to the fact that these birds gnaw holes in trees to make their nests.

Trogons are residents of tropical forests worldwide. The greatest diversity is in the Neotropics, where four genera, with 24 species occur. The genus "Apaloderma" has the three African species. The genera "Harpactes" and "Apalharpactes", with twelve species, live in southeast Asia.

They feed on insects and fruit. Their broad bills and weak legs reflect their diet and arboreal habits. Although their flight is fast, they do not fly long distances. Trogons are generally not migratory. They have soft, often colourful, feathers with distinctive male and female plumage. They are the only type of animal with a heterodactyl toe arrangement. They nest in holes dug into trees or termite nests, laying 2–4 white or pastel-coloured eggs.

Larry Page

Lawrence "Larry" Page (born March 26, 1973) is an American computer scientist, Internet entrepreneur, and business magnate He co-founded Google with Sergey Brin. Page was born in East Lansing, Michigan.

Eric Saade

Eric Saade (born 29 October 1990 in Helsingborg, Sweden) is a Swedish singer. He spent two years with as boy band called What's Up!. He left the band in February 2009 to for a solo career. He won the Swedish Melodifestivalen 2011 with the song "Popular". He represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany, placing third in the final.

Saade is of Palestinian descent on his father's side.


Måns Zelmerlöw

Måns Petter Albert Sahlén Zelmerlöw (born 13 June 1986) is a Swedish singer and television presenter. He is known for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.

He was a contestant on the Swedish talent singing competition "Idol 2005". He won "Let's Dance" 2006, both broadcasted on TV4. 

Zelmerlöw won Melodifestivalen in 2015, earning the right to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with his song "Heroes". In the Eurovision final Zelmerlöw won with 365 points. He was the presenter of the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 held in Stockholm along with Petra Mede. He has also been involved with other Eurovision events. He had placed in the bottom three once and the bottom two twice.

Ace Wilder

Alice Kristina Ingrid Gernandt (born 23 July 1982 in Stockholm), better known by her stage name Ace Wilder, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. She is best known for taking part in Melodifestivalen 2014 were she placed second behind Sanna Nielsen.

Postcard

A postcard or post card is a rectangular piece of paper or cardboard, which is intended to send a short message by post. Usually, a postcard is mailed without an envelope. Modern postcards usually have a photo or an image on one side of the card, the other side contains space for writing the address and a short message. The first postcards were used in the second half of the 19th century. Today, many people send postcards when they are on holiday. The designs of post cards have evolved since the early ages and many prefer to send personalized post cards now which gives a personal touch or adds a feeling or emotion to it.

www.cpaphil.com Cpaphil is the largest site offering more than 1m vintage postcards online

Black mangrove

The black mangrove ("Avicennia germinans") is one of the species of mangrove commonly found in a mangrove forest. Black mangroves have aerial roots. Black mangroves can be found in the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa and the Americas.

Rebecca Simonsson

Rebecca Stella Simonsson (born 29 September 1985) is a Swedish model and television presenter. She was part of the music group Sunblock. She presents the "after show" for the reality series "Paradise Hotel".

Ed van den Heuvel

Edward Peter Jacobus (Ed) van den Heuvel (born 2 November 1940) is a Dutch astronomer and emeritus professor at the Astronomical Institute Anton Pannekoek of the University of Amsterdam.

Van den Heuvel was born in Soest, The Netherlands. He studied mathematics, physics and astronomy at the Utrecht University.

Van den Heuvel is well known for his work on the formation and evolution of compact astrophysical objects such as neutron stars, black holes, and white dwarfs in binary systems, and for his investigation of gamma ray bursts. During his career he held jobs at (amongst others) the University of California, Utrecht University, Institute for Advanced Study, and the Vrije Universiteit Brussel.


Deaths in April 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in April 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Woozworld

Woozworld is a virtual gaming community and social network service. It was originally called Kidstudio 2.0. Woozworld was founded in 2010 and is in Montreal, Quebec. Woozworld allows kids and teens to connect with each other through profiles and other activities.

Want to get a taste of fame and be a movie star or celebrity? Need to express yourself through new fashion designer clothes? Always wanted your own doll character to play dress up? Dream of being the next fashionista or top model? Have a niche for decorating and designing? Looking to own the next star studded restaurant or chic new boutique? Want a place to hangout, meet and chat with friends from around the world? Woozworld is a fashion social network and virtual world where users build and fully personalize their character to create stories expressing their styles and to entertain with thousands of stylish clothes and outfits. 

In Woozworld, there are millions of fashionistas personalizing and expressing styles with new weekly clothes, building their character’s story, and dressing up with thousands of stylish clothes that bring them one step closer to stardom. Users can create their avatar, play online, and build their limitless world. They can choose their own look, level up, design outfits in their Closet, set new trends, throw amazing parties and games, create challenges, compete in contests, reach stardom on leaderboards, complete for the best designs, decorate spaces, earn achievements, adopt and train pets, craft items and collect resources, chat with friends (both in private, public, and group environments), go on fun quests, vote each other, and run their own business.

Leroy Jethro Gibbs

Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character from the CBS Television series "NCIS", played by Mark Harmon. He is an ex-Scout Sniper for the United States Marines turned Special agent. He commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service. Gibbs is the most skilled marksman on the team. He is the most skilled at handling violent situations. He is also a skilled interrogator. Gibbs is a natural leader who always accomplishes his mission. 

Taylor County, Texas

Taylor County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 143,208 people lived there. The county seat is Abilene. It was named for three brothers who died at the Battle of the Alamo, Edward Taylor, George Taylor, and James Taylor. Taylor County has been home to Dyess Air Force Base since 1942.

Division of Sturt

The Division of Sturt is an Australian electoral division in South Australia. It was set up in 1949, and named for Captain Charles Sturt, an explorer and the first European to visit the Murray River.

It includes the Adelaide suburbs of Athelstone, Burnside, Campbelltown, Dernancourt, Frewville, Gilles Plains, Glynde, Glenside, Hectorville, Highbury, Hillcrest, Holden Hill, Kensington, Klemzig, Magill, Marden, Paradise, Tranmere and parts of Payneham and Rostrevor.


Watermelon stereotype

The Watermelon stereotype is the stereotypical view that black people can be made happy easily; they only need a watermelon and a little rest for their happiness. The stereotype was perpetuated in minstrel shows often depicting African Americans as ignorant and workshy, given to song and dance and inordinately fond of watermelon. This stereotype is common in the United States, and probably goes back to the times of slavery: The people who were in favour of slavery wanted to show that black people were simple-minded and only needed few things for their happiness.

Jesse Metcalfe

Jesse Eden Metcalfe (born December 9, 1978) is an American actor. He was born in Carmel Valley Village, California. Metcalfe is mostly known for his role as John Rowland in the series "Desperate Housewives". 

Metcalfe has also had roles on the soap opera "Passions" and in the movie "John Tucker Must Die". He played Christopher Ewing in the continuation of "Dallas" based on the 1978 series of the same name.

Yolanda Hadid

Yolanda Hadid (née van den Herik, previously Foster; born 11 January 1964) is a Dutch-American television personality, model, and interior designer.

She was born and raised in Papendrecht, South Holland. She was married to Palestinian real-estate developer Mohamed Hadid from 1994 until they divorced in 2000. They had two daughters, models Gigi Hadid and Bella Hadid and a son, Anwar. She married Canadian musician David Foster in 2011. They divorced in 2017.

She was one of the leading personalities on the reality series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". She has modelled in places such as Paris, Tokyo and Sydney for Eileen Ford.

Special agent

In the United States, a special agent is a detective or investigator who investigates suspected s of federal, state or local laws. Special agents may also carry firearms and make arrests. Special agents work for many different law enforcement agencies. In some agencies, only special agents may carry firearms. An example is special agents in the Internal Revenue Service. To become special agents most applicants must pass written and physical examinations. In the FBI, like many agencies, applicants must go through a background check.

Congress was the first to use the title in 1801 when they changed the name of U.S.Post office "surveyors" to "special agents". In 1880, the U.S. Congress created the position of "Chief Postal Inspector" and renamed these special agents to postal inspectors.

The following US federal agencies use special agents:

State level:


24 (2001 movie)

24 is a 2001 Czech thriller movie. It was directed by David Beránek and stars Barbora Seidlová and Martin Trnavský. It happens during 24 hours and follows a man and a woman on the run in the Czech Republic. The movie was released through Bontonfilm on 11 January 2001.


Bab El-Oued City

Bab El-Oued City is a 1994 Algerian drama movie. It was directed by Merzak Allouache. It was shown in the Un Certain Regard portion of the 1994 Cannes Film Festival. It won the FIPRESCI Award.



Naval Criminal Investigative Service

The United States Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) is the primary law enforcement agency of the United States Department of the Navy (DON). It investigates activities concerning crimes against or by United States Navy and U.S. Marine Corps personnel. It also is tasked with national security, counter-intelligence, and counter-terrorism cases. NCIS is the successor organization to the former Naval Investigative Service (NIS).

About half of the 2,500 NCIS employees are civilian special agents. They are trained to carry out a wide variety of assignments at locations around the world. NCIS special agents are armed federal law enforcement investigators. They frequently coordinate with other U.S. government agencies. NCIS special agents are supported by other employees. These include analysts and experts in forensics, surveillance, surveillance countermeasures, computer investigations, physical security, and polygraph examinations. At times NCIS will use outside agencies. For example, they have used the Smithsonian Institution to help identify skeletal remains.

NCIS traces its roots to Navy Department General Order 292 of 1882, signed by William H. Hunt, Secretary of the Navy. This established the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI). At first the ONI was tasked with collecting information on the characteristics and weaponry of foreign vessels, charting foreign passages, rivers, or other bodies of water, and touring overseas fortifications, industrial plants, and shipyards.

When the US entered World War I, the ONI's responsibilities expanded to include espionage, sabotage, and intelligence gathering on the Navy's potential enemies. In World War II the ONI became responsible for the investigation of sabotage, espionage and subversive activities that posed any kind of threat to the Navy.

In 1966, NIS was established as a part of ONI. The new service answered to the director of Naval Intelligence. In the early 1970s a special agent was assigned to the "USS Intrepid" for six months. This was the beginning of the Special Agent Afloat program. Special agents are assigned to an aircraft carrier for a one-year deployment. They were later assigned to Amphibious warfare groups. In 1977 US Marine criminal investigators began training with NCIS.

In 1992, now called the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS), the agency came under direct control of the Secretary of the Navy. Now an independent agency their director was a civilian. In 1995 a cold case homicide unit was set up.

NCIS is the investigative and counterintelligence arm of the Department of the Navy. NCIS works with local, state, federal and foreign law enforcement agencies. They investigate and counter crimes including terrorism, homicide, espionage, arson, child abuse and rape. Within the Navy they investigate felonies and crimes punishable under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. NCIS provides protective services for key Navy leaders. They also provide services to protect all members of the US Navy wherever they are serving.


Diahann Carroll

Diahann Carroll (born Carol Diahann Johnson; July 17, 1935 – October 4, 2019) was an American television and stage actress and singer. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress. Later she played the role of Dominique Deveraux on the popular soap opera, "Dynasty". 

Carroll was born in the Bronx and raised in Harlem. She was briefly engaged to British journalist David Frost. In 1997, she was diagnosed with breast cancer, but was cancer-free after radiation therapy. Carroll died of cancer on October 4, 2019 in Los Angeles at the age of 84.

Kitty Jutbring

Anna Maria Kitty Skura Jutbring (born 8 April 1977) is a Swedish reality television contestant, radio/television host, She became known in Sweden after being a housemate on the second series of "Big Brother" in 2002. After that, she became a radio and television host. She has hosted shows on Sveriges Radio P3 and Sveriges Television.

Jutbring has been an active supporter of feminism and equal opportunities for women. She has been particularly vocal regarding the situation of young girls in Sweden regarding issues of body consciousness and sex.

Jutbring has also been an active activist for the new and controversial gender neutral personal pronoun "hen".

At the end of 2012, Jutbring and her boyfriend Per Störby had their first child, a daughter.

Anna Kinberg Batra

Anna Maria Kinberg Batra (born 14 April 1970) is a Swedish politician. In January 2015, she became the leader of the Moderate Party the main opposition party in Sweden as of 2015.

She resigned as Party Leader on 25 August 2017.

Sally Forrest

Sally Forrest (born Katherine Feeney; May 28, 1928 – March 15, 2015), was an American movie, stage and TV actress of the 1940s and 1950s. She was known for her role in "Rawhide". Forrest was born in San Diego, California.

Forrest died of cancer at her home in Beverly Hills, California, aged 86.


Carlos Gaviria Díaz

Carlos Emilio Gaviria Díaz (8 May 1937 – 31 March 2015) was a Colombian lawyer, professor and politician. He served as the 5th Chief Magistrate of the Constitutional Court of Colombia, where he served as a Magistrate from 1993 to 2001.

After retiring from the Court, he went into politics becoming a Senator of Colombia in 2002. He ran for President as an Alternative Democratic Pole candidate in the 2006 presidential election, ultimately losing to ex-president Álvaro Uribe Vélez, who was seeking his second term in office.

Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld

Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld (21 October 1921 – 30 March 2015) was a Dutch astronomer. She worked at the Leiden Observatory. She analyzed new asteroids. She is thanked for finding several thousand new asteroid discoveries.

Van Houten-Groeneveld died on 30 March 2015, at the age of 93, in Oegstgeest, Netherlands.

Philip A. Potter

Philip Alford Potter (19 August 1921 – 31 March 2015) was a Dominican religious leader. He was a leader in the Methodist Church. He was the third General Secretary of the World Council of Churches (1972–1984).

Potter was born at Roseau, Dominica, West Indies into a Christian family with a Protestant mother and a Catholic father. He died on 31 March 2015 in Lübeck, Germany, aged 93.

Gertrude Weaver

Gertrude Weaver (July 4, 1898 – April 6, 2015) was an American supercentenarian. She was born in Arkansas near the border with Texas. Weaver was the verified oldest living person in the world from April 1 to April 6, 2015. Her age was validated in her 116th birthday by Gerontology Research Group.

She became the oldest living person in the United States upon the death of Dina Manfredini on December 17, 2012, and became the oldest living person in the world on April 1, 2015 following the death of Japanese woman Misao Okawa.

At the time of her death in April 2015, she was considered as the 7th-oldest validated person ever, and the 3rd-oldest person ever from the United States, after Sarah Knauss and Lucy Hannah. After Hannah's age was debunked in 2020, it turned out that she was in fact the 6th-oldest validated person ever as well as the 2nd-oldest person ever from the United States at the time of her death. By 2016, she is the 3rd-oldest since her age was surpassed by Susannah Mushatt Jones. In April 2023, Delphia Welford (1875 - 1992) has been validated, so Weaver was in fact the 3rd-oldest person ever from the United States at the time of her death and currently the 4th-oldest.

On April 6, 2015, Gertrude Weaver died in Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center at the age of 116 from pneumonia. She was the last remaining undisputed person born in 1898.

Eddie LeBaron

Edward Wayne LeBaron, Jr. (January 7, 1930 – April 1, 2015) was an American football quarterback in the 1950s and early 1960s in the National Football League. He played for the Washington Redskins, Calgary Stampeders, and for the Dallas Cowboys. 

He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1980, into the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame in 2004 and was a charter inductee into the Sac-Joaquin Section Hall of Fame in October 2010. He died on April 1, 2015.

John Paul Hammerschmidt

John Paul Hammerschmidt (May 4, 1922 – April 1, 2015) was an American politician from the state of Arkansas. A Republican, Hammerschmidt served for 13 terms in the U.S. House of Representatives from the northwestern Arkansas district before he retired in 1993. 

Hammerschmidt was born in Harrison, Arkansas. He studied at the University of Arkansas.

In 1974, a nationally Democratic year, he secured his fifth term by defeating the then 28-year-old future President Bill Clinton. 

He was also the first Republican elected to the House of Representatives from Arkansas since Reconstruction.

Hammerschmidt died at a hospital in Springdale, Arkansas from heart and respiratory failure, aged 92. 

Nicolae Rainea

Nicolae Rainea (19 November 1933 – 1 April 2015), nicknamed "The Locomotive of the Carpathians", was a Romanian football referee. He refereed at three FIFA World Cups (1974, 1978, 1982), the UEFA Euro 1980 Final, the 1983 European Cup Final, the second leg of the 1978 European Super Cup and the second leg of the 1978 UEFA Cup Final.

After an untreated mild cold turned into a pulmonary edema, Rainea suffered a cardiac arrest while in hospital. He died on 1 April 2015 in Bucharest. He was 81 years old.

Gal Costa

Gal Maria da Graça Costa Penna Burgos (born Maria da Graça Costa Penna Burgos; 26 September 1945 – 9 November 2022), known professionally as Gal Costa (), is a Brazilian singer. She usually does pop music. She began her professional career in August 1964. Her first album, "Domingo", was released in 1967. In 1973, the cover of her record "Ìndia" was censored.

Costa was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. Gal was bisexual. She was enamoured of Marina Lima in the 1990s.

Gal died in São Paulo on 9 November 2022, at the age of 77. She was recovering from an extraction of a nodule of her nasal cavity and had canceled her show at the Primavera Sound. 

Lana Wood

Lana Wood (born March 1, 1946) is an American actress and movie producer. She played Plenty O'Toole in the 1971 movie "Diamonds are Forever". She played Sandy Webber in the television series "Peyton Place".

Range

Range might mean:


Dentin

Dentin or dentine is calcified tissue that makes up the second layer of teeth. In the crown (top) of a tooth, dentin is found between enamel and pulp. In the root of a tooth, it is found between cementum and pulp. Dentin makes up most of a tooth. Dentin is yellow. The yellowness of dentin shows through in a tooth because enamel is semi-translucent.

Dentin is made up of

The process of creating dentin is called dentinogenesis. It is made by odontoblasts, a special type of cell that activates later during formation of teeth. Unlike enamel, a tooth can keep making more dentin throughout life.

Dentin is divided into different types based on when it is made.

Primary dentin makes up most of the tooth. It is the thick bulk between enamel and pulp. Primary dentin is the type of dentin a tooth starts out with. It can also be called circumpulpal (surrounding the pulp) dentin. Mantle dentin is a separate, harder but thinner layer that separates primary dentin from the tooth crown.

Secondary dentin is made after a tooth has already appeared in the mouth. This type of dentin is made throughout life. Newly made dentin is found placed very close to the pulp. It is found between pulp and primary dentin.

Unlike secondary dentin, tertiary (third in order) dentin is not made continuously throughout life. Tertiary dentine is only made when the tooth is damaged.


Peat swamp forest

Peat swamp forests are forest wetlands in tropical and subtropical areas. They have poor drainage. Waterlogged soil prevents dead leaves and wood from decomposing fully. Over time, this creates a thick layer of acidic peat. They are made up of trees which are broadleaved (not conifers), and many other types of flowering plants. 

Peat swamp forests are usually surrounded by lowland rain forests on better-drained soils. There may be brackish or salt-water mangrove forests near the coast. 

These tropical swamp forests are quite different from the north temperate peat bogs in climates such as in Ireland. Temperate peat bogs are not caused by forests, but mostly by mosses such as "Sphagnum", grasses, sedges and shrubs.

About 62% of the world’s tropical peat lands are in southeast Asia. In this area 80% is in Indonesia, 11% in Malaysia, 6% in Papua New Guinea, with pockets in Brunei, Vietnam, the Philippines, and Thailand. They have trees up to 70 m high. The spongy, unstable, waterlogged, anaerobic beds of peat can be up to 20 m deep with low pH (pH 2.9 – 4) and low nutrients. The forest floor is seasonally flooded. The water is stained dark brown by the tannins that leach from the fallen leaves and peat – hence the name ‘blackwater swamps’. During the dry season, the peat remains waterlogged and pools lie among the trees.

Tropical peatlands coexist with swamp forests in these tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests. In this biome vast amounts of carbon as soil organic matter store up – much more than natural forests contain. They are among the largest near-surface reserves of terrestrial organic carbon. Unfortunately, regardless of their importance, peat swamp forests are one of the most threatened, yet least studied and most poorly understood biotypes.

Large areas of these forests are being logged at high rates.
Since the 1970s, peat swamp forest deforestation and drainage have increased greatly. In addition, El Niño and Southern Oscillation (ENSO) drought and large-scale fires are accelerating peatland devastation. This destruction increass the carbon release to the atmosphere as carbon dioxide. Tropical peatlands have already become a large CO source, but data is limited.

Tropical peat swamp forests are home to thousands of animals and plants, including many rare and critically endangered species such as the orangutan and Sumatran tiger, whose habitats are threatened by peatland deforestation.

Rajiv Gandhi

Rajiv Ratna Gandhi (; 20 August 1944 – 21 May 1991) was the seventh Prime Minister of India. He served as prime minister from 1984 to 1989. He took office after the 1984 murder of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, his mother. He became the youngest Indian prime minister.

Gandhi remained Congress President until the elections in 1991. While campaigning for the elections, he was murdered by a suicide bomber. He was 46 years old.


Steve Stevaert

Steve Stevaert (; born Robert Stevaert ; April 12, 1954 – April 2, 2015) was a Belgian politician of the Flemish Socialist Party: the SP.A.

Stevaert was in 1995 also elected to the Flemish parliament and was re-elected in 1999 and 2004. Stevaert served as Flemish minister of Public Works, Transport and Spatial planning from 1998 to 1999 and as Flemish minister of Mobility, Transport and Public Works from 1999 to 2003, when he resigned having become chairman of his party, succeeding Patrick Janssens. He was chairman from 2003 until he resigned on May 25, 2005.

In early April 2015 allegations of rape were made public in the Belgian media. Subsequently, on April 2, 2015, the public prosecutor of Hasselt confirmed that Stevaert had gone missing. Near 1800 hrs. local time (CEST) divers found his body in the Albert Canal near Hasselt.


Camilo José Cela

Camilo José Cela y Trulock, 1st Marquis of Iria Flavia (; 11 May 1916 – 17 January 2002) was a Spanish novelist, short story writer and essayist. He worked with the Generation of '36 movement.

He was awarded the 1989 Nobel Prize in Literature "for a rich and intensive prose, which with restrained compassion forms a challenging vision of man's vulnerability".

Cela died in Madrid, Spain from heart disease, aged 85.


H. H. Holmes

Dr. Herman Webster Mudgett (May 16, 1861 – May 7, 1896), better known under the name of Dr. Henry Howard Holmes, was one of the first documented serial killers in the modern sense of the term. He was born in Gilmanton, New Hampshire. A graduate of the University of Michigan medical School Class of 1884; until his .execution in 1896 he would choose a career of crime including Insurance fraud, swindling; check forging; 3 to 4 bigamous illegal marriages; murder and horse theft.

In Chicago at the time of the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, Holmes opened a hotel which he had designed and built for himself specifically with murder in mind, and which was the location of many of his murders. While he confessed to 27 murders, of which nine were confirmed, his actual body count could be as high as from 133 to perhaps 200. It will not be known how many murders Holmes committed as he did not always tell the entire truth of his crimes- for example: he claimed one of his first murder victims was a medical school classmate Dr Robert Leacock in 1886 for insurance money; in fact Dr Leacock died in Watford, Ontario Canada October 5, 1889. Contrary to several accounts Holmes did not kill Dr. E. S. Holton. Likewise Holmes did not kill an alleged "Castle" victim Miss Kate Durkee-who turned out to be very much alive. Ironically one historian noted that one of Holmes creditor's named John DeBrueil died of apoplexy on April 17, 1891, in Holmes "Castle" drugstore-it is unknown if Holmes was involved with his demise. Holmes also had a one-story factory which he claimed was to be used for glass bending. It is unknown if the factory furnace was ever actually used for glass bending-or to cremate incriminating evidence of Holmes crimes. Holmes usual murder method was by suffocation of his victims including: an overdose of chloroform; overexposure to lighting gas fumes; trapped in an airless vault to give some examples. Holmes also claimed to have used starvation and burning victiums alive in his "castle"

Contemporary newspaper accounts reported several known or suspected victims of Holmes:

Holmes "hotel" was partially burned by fire in August 1895; it was later used for storage until it was torn down in 1938. The site of the "hotel" is adjoining the Englewood Post Office building at 63rd and Wallace Streets, Chicago, Illinois.

On May 7, 1896, Holmes was hanged at Moyamensing Prison, also known as the Philadelphia County Prison, for four murders and six attempted murders. The murder for which Holmes would be executed for was that of his accomplice Benjamin Petzel in Philadelphia Pennsylvania [Sep 20, 1894]; evidence was also uncovered in the search for Holmes of his involvement in the subsequent murders of three of Petzel's children: Howard Petzel in Irvington, Indiana [October 10, 1894] and Alice and Nellie Petzel in Toronto, Canada [October 25, 1894] . Ironically although Holmes "Murder Castle" was undoubtedly the scene of many of his murders, it was the murder of Petzel in Philadelphia which had the clearest case for murder-as there was only very circumstansial physical evidence of the "Castle" victiums- a piece of human bone possibly from Julia Conner; remains of a child-possibly Pearl Conner; a burned gold watch chain and burned dress buttons-apparently belonging to Minnie Williams; a tuft of human female hair found in a chimney flue.

Patrick Quinlan who admitted as a workman to building fireproof rooms, trapdoors and walls in Holmes "castle" and who was also the building janitor and caretaker, died March 4, 1914 in Portland Michigan - an apparent suicide. A note left behind said simply "I could not sleep".

Some theorize that Jack the Ripper and H.H. Holmes are the same person, Except the facts that both of the motives were different, While Jack the Ripper typically went after poor women who were sex workers, H.H. Holmes was typically after money. A lot of experts deny that both of the men were the same person


Jacques Rivette

Jacques Rivette (; 1 March 1928 – 29 January 2016) was a French movie director, screenwriter and movie critic. His best-known movies include "Celine and Julie Go Boating", "La Belle Noiseuse" and the rare thirteen-hour "Out 1". He was one of the main member of French cinema magazine Cahiers du Cinema.

Rivette died at his home in Paris, France from complications of Alzheimer's disease on 29 January 2016 at the age of 87.


Michel Piccoli

Michel Piccoli (27 December 1925 – 12 May 2020) was a French actor, director, singer, musician, and screenwriter. He was known for his roles in "Belle de Jour", "Atlantic City", "La Belle Noiseuse", and in "We Have a Pope". Piccoli was born in Paris, France.

Piccoli died on 12 May 2020 in Cannes of a stroke, aged 94.


Phyllis Coates

Phyllis Coates (born Gypsie Ann Evarts Stell on January 15, 1927; October 11, 2023) is an American movie and television actress. She is perhaps best known for her portrayal of reporter Lois Lane in the 1951 movie "Superman and the Mole Men" and in the first season of the television series "Adventures of Superman".

Helen Delich Bentley

Helen Delich Bentley (November 28, 1923 – August 6, 2016) was an American politician. She was a Republican. Bentley was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Maryland. She served as a representatives from 1985 to 1995.

Bentley was born in Ruth, Nevada. She was of Serbian descent. She studied at the University of Nevada and George Washington University, and earned a BA from the University of Missouri in 1944.


Ashmolean Museum

The Ashmolean Museum (in full the Ashmolean Museum of Art and Archaeology) on Beaumont Street, Oxford, is the world's first university museum. 

Its first building was built in 1678–1683 to house the cabinet of curiosities that Elias Ashmole gave to the University of Oxford in 1677. The museum reopened in 2009 after a major redevelopment. In November 2011 new galleries focusing on Egypt and Nubia were also unveiled. 

Ashmole's collection was based on the objects he got from the travellers and collectors John Tradescant the elder and his son of the same name. 
The museum opened on 24 May 1683, with naturalist Robert Plot as the first keeper.

The present building dates from the 1840s, and the original building in Broad Street is now the Oxford Museum of the History of Science. That building is the world's first purpose-built museum.

The interior of the Ashmolean has been extensively modernised in recent years. Between 2006 and 2009, the museum was expanded. The $98.2 million rebuilding resulted in five floors instead of three, with a doubling of the display space. It has new conservation studios and an education centre.

Cementum

Cementum is the hard outside layer of a tooth root. It is not present in the crown (part above the gums) portion of a tooth. Cementum allows periodontal ligaments to attach onto it, allowing tooth to be connected to the maxilla or mandible.

Cementum is made up of

The process of creating cementum is called cementogenesis. It is made by special type of cells known as cementoblasts. Cementoblasts are found on the surface of the cementum. When a cementoblast is no longer on the surface, or when it is found surrounded by cementum, it is then known as a cementocyte.

In contrast, cementoclasts are special cells that remove cementum instead of making cementum.

The cementoenamel junction, or the cervical line, is the where enamel and cementum meet. The cementum and enamel may meet in different ways.

Cementum can be divided into two main types based on its location and whether it has cells or not.


Pillsbury Doughboy

Poppin' Fresh, more widely known as the Pillsbury Doughboy, is an advertising icon and mascot of the Pillsbury Company, appearing in many of their commercials. Many commercials from 1965 until 2004 (returned in 2009 to 2011 and 2013 in a Geico Commercial) conclude with a human finger poking the Doughboy's stomach. 

The Doughboy responds by rubbing his stomach and giggling ("Hoo-Hoo"!, or earlier on, a slight giggle "hee hee"). 


Taylor County

Taylor County is the name of seven counties in the United States::

Doug Sax

Doug Lionel Sax (April 26, 1936 – April 2, 2015) was an American mastering engineer from Los Angeles, California. He helped create three of The Doors' albums, including their 1967 debut; six of Pink Floyd's albums, including "The Wall"; Ray Charles' multiple-Grammy winner "Genius Loves Company" in 2004, and Bob Dylan's 36th studio album "Shadows in the Night" in 2015. 

Sax died on April 2, 2015, at the age of 78 from cancer in Los Angeles.

Nigel Boocock

Nigel Boocock (17 September 1937 – 3 April 2015) was a British speedway rider. He appeared in eight Speedway World Championship finals and was a reserve in one other (1962). Boocock was born in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.

Boocock died on 3 April 2015 in Queensland, Australia, aged 77.

Jones County

Jones County is the name of six counties in the United States:


Abdelhadi Tazi

Abdelhadi Tazi (June 15, 1921 – April 2, 2015) was a Moroccan scholar, writer, historian and former Moroccan ambassador in many countries. He has worked with the Nationalist Movement. He has experienced exile and prison during his career.

Tazi was born in Fes, Morocco. He died in Rabat, Morocco, aged 94.


Frank Williams (actor)

Frank Williams (2 July 1931 – 26 June 2022) was an English actor. He was best known for playing the Reverend Timothy Farthing in the popular BBC comedy "Dad's Army".

Williams died on 26 June 2022 at his home in Edgware, Greater London, one week before his 91st birthday.

Lance-Corporal Jones

Lance Corporal Jack Jones is a fictional Home Guard platoon lance-corporal, veteran of the British Empire and butcher. 

He was played by Clive Dunn in the BBC television sitcom "Dad's Army" and by Tom Courtenay in the upcoming 2015 movie "Dad's Army". His catchphrases are "Don't panic!", "Permission to speak, sir?" and "They don't like it up 'em!", and sometimes "You saved my life!" (usually to Captain Mainwaring).

 

Jones County, Texas

Jones County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. In 2020, 19,663 people lived there. The county seat is Anson. It was named for Anson Jones, the fifth president of the Republic of Texas. Alcoholic drinks can not be purchased in Jones County.

The county has a total area of 937 square miles.

Anson, Texas

Anson is a city in the US state of Texas. It is the county seat of Jones County. About 2,294 people lived there in 2020. Before 1882, the name was Jones City. In 1882, Anson was named for Anson Jones, the fifth President of the Republic of Texas.

Thitarodes baimaensis

Thitarodes baimaensis is a species of moth. It is from the family Hepialidae, the ghost moths. It was described by Liang in 1988. It lives near Yunnan, China.


José Calzada

José Eduardo Calzada Rovirosa (born August 21, 1964) is a Mexican politician. On October 1, 2009, he became the Governor of Querétaro.

Hercules (roller coaster)

Hercules was a wooden roller coaster at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom. It was located in Allentown, Pennsylvania. It was made by Dinn Corporation.

When it was made it was the tallest wooden roller coaster in the world. Because it was poorly made, the ride only worked from 1989 to 2003. During that time, the track for the ride was changed by Martin & Vleminckx. It was replaced by Hydra the Revenge in 2005.

Many riders said Hercules was a very rough ride (especially the sharp turn at the bottom of the main drop). This was most likely the reason for the low number of people who used it. It was also the likely reason it was closed and taken apart in 2003. It was so rough, it was given the nickname, "Hurt's your knees."

Sarah Brady

Sarah Brady (née Kemp; February 6, 1942 – April 3, 2015) was an American activist. She was the widow of White House Press Secretary James Brady. She was a prominent campaigner for gun control. Brady was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Brady died at her home in Alexandria, Virginia, due to complications from pneumonia, aged 73.

Shmuel Wosner

Shmuel HaLevi Wosner (4 September 1913 – 3 April 2015) was an Austrian-born Israeli rabbi and posek. He lived in Bnei Brak, Israel. He was known as the "Shevet HaLevi" after his major work. He turned 100 in 2013. He was born in Vienna.

Wosner died in Bnei Brak, Israel at the age of 101.


University of Queensland

The University of Queensland (also known as UQ) is a university in southeast Queensland, Australia. It has three main campuses, at St Lucia and Herston (in Brisbane City), and at Gatton to the west. The university began in 1910, making it the oldest and largest in Queensland. The university has a very good reputation, and is ranked among the top 100 universities in the world.

Many famous people graduated from the university. They include actor Geoffrey Rush, surgeon Peter C. Doherty, past Governor-General of Australia Quentin Bryce, and many of Queensland's Premiers including Anna Bligh and Campbell Newman. UQ competes with the Queensland University of Technology and Griffith University as the main university of Queensland.

Queensland University of Technology

The Queensland University of Technology (also known as QUT) is a university in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It has three main campuses. They are at Gardens Point and Kelvin Grove (in Brisbane City), and at Caboolture to the north. QUT began in 1989. It is now the second-largest university in Queensland. The university has a good reputation. It is ranked by some people as one of the best universities in Queensland. 

Many famous people graduated from the university, including singer Darren Hayes, past Treasurer of Australia Wayne Swan, and creationist Ken Ham. It competes with the University of Queensland and Griffith University as the main university of Queensland.

Griffith University

Griffith University (also known as Griffith) is a university in southeast Queensland, Australia. It has five main campuses. They are at the Gold Coast, and four in Brisbane City (at Meadowbrook, Mount Gravatt, Nathan, and South Bank). Griffith began in 1971. It is now one of the largest universities in Queensland. The university has a satisfactory reputation. It is ranked by some people as one of the best universities in Queensland.

Many famous people graduated from the university, including politician Amanda Bresnan and Indigenous Australian politician Neville Bonner. It competes with the University of Queensland and the Queensland University of Technology as the main university of Queensland.

Religion in Canada

Religion in Canada covers a wide range of beliefs. Most Canadians (67%) are Christians. Of that group Roman Catholics make up 34% of the population. Protestants make up about 27% of Canada's population. As of 2011 23.9% of Canadians reported they practiced no particular religion. Islam makes up the next largest religion with 3.2% of the population. Canada has no official religion. The Charter of Rights and Freedoms allows Canadians to practice any religion they wish to.

About 20% of Canadians were born somewhere else. immigrants have had an effect on Canada's changing religious makeup. Minority religions in Canada are growing in numbers. These include Islam, Hinduism, Sikhism, Buddhism, Judaism and Eastern Orthodox Christians. The first synagogue in Canada was built in Montreal in 1768. The first Canadian mosque was built in Edmonton in 1938.



Government of Newfoundland and Labrador

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador is the provincial government of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Until 1949, Newfoundland was a separate Dominion in the British Empire. With the Newfoundland Act, Newfoundland became a Canadian province.

The legislature of Newfoundland and Labrador has two parts: the Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador and the General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador. The General Assembly is a unicameral body with 48 members. The party with the most members in the assembly elect the Premier, who is the head of the cabinet. The head of the second largest party in the assembly is the Leader of the Opposition.

Jamaluddin Jarjis

Tan Sri Dr. Ir. Haji Jamaluddin bin Mohd. Jarjis (25 May 1951 – 4 April 2015) was a Malaysian politician and the former Minister of Science, Technology and Innovation. He served as the Chairman of 1 Malaysia Peoples' Housing (PR1MA), and Malaysian special envoy to the United States.

Mathias Gnädinger

Mathias Gnädinger (25 March 1941 – 3 April 2015) was a Swiss stage and movie actor. He was known for his roles in "The Boat Is Full", "Journey of Hope", and in "Kinder der Landstrasse". He was born in Ramsen, Switzerland.

Gnädinger died in Zürich, Switzerland, aged 74.

Planomicrobium flavidum

Planomicrobium flavidum is a species of bacteria. The cells are short rod or coccoid shaped. It use the aerobic respiration with oxygen. The bacterium does not form endospores. It has one flagella. "Planomicrobium flavidum" belongs to the gram-positive Firmicutes.

Golden Mountains of Altai

Golden Mountains of Altai is name for one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. This region cover a large area of . It consist of the Altai and Katun nature reserves in Siberia, Russia. It also includes Lake Teletskoye, Belukha Mountain, and the Ukok Plateau. UNESCO stated: "The region represents the most complete sequence of altitudinal vegetation zones in central Siberia". The area protects endangered snow leopards. It also has large brown bears, wolverines and golden eagles. 


Bacillus (shape)

A bacillus (plural bacilli) is a rod-shaped cylindrical bacterium. Bacilli are found in many different taxonomic groups of bacteria.



There is no connection between the shape of a bacterium and its colors in the gram staining. In other words, some of them are gram negative and some are gram positive.

Philip Johnson

Philip Cortelyou Johnson (July 8, 1906 – January 25, 2005) American architect. He is especially known for his postmodern work since the 1980s.

Johnson was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He was raised in Tarrytown, New York. He studied at Harvard University.

In 1930, he founded the Department of Architecture and Design at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. In 1978 he was awarded an American Institute of Architects Gold Medal and in 1979 the first Pritzker Architecture Prize.

Johnson died in his sleep while at his Glass House retreat in New Canaan, Connecticut. He was survived by his partner of 45 years, David Whitney,


<br>


Death Row Records

Death Row Records is an American record label. It was founded in 1991 by Tracy "The D.O.C." Lynn Curry, Andre "Dr. Dre" Young, Suge Knight and Richard Gilbert "Dick" Griffey. Artists including Snoop Doggy Dogg, Nate Dogg, Daz Dillinger, Kurupt, The Lady of Rage, RBX and Michel'le agreed to join the label, following with the label's biggest star Tupac Shakur. The label declined when Shakur was killed in September 1996, Knight was charged with parole violation the following year, and when Dr. Dre, Snoop Doggy Dogg, and many others left the label. The company filed for bankruptcy in 2006, and was sold to the MNRK Music Group (formally eOne Music). 

Snoop Dogg later purchased the rights to the trademark and music of Death Row Records in 2022. He intends to revive the record label, which is currently active as an NFT label since.


Saratov

Saratov (), is a city and a major port on the Volga River. It is upstream (north) of Volgograd. It was founded in the year 1590. Saratov had a population of 827,000 in 2010. It is the administrative center of Saratov Oblast.

Little Drac

Little Drac () is a French animated television series. It was broadcast in 1991 on M6. The program was created by Bruno René Huchez and Bahram Rohani.

The series is about Little Drac, Count Dracula's son. The young vampire has to struggle against Gousse D'Ail.

List of programs broadcast by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation

This is the list of programs currently broadcast by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation (IBC), a broadcasting network in the Philippines, includes news and public affairs programs, sports, drama, sitcoms, reality and variety shows, talk shows, educational, informative and home shopping programs

"Note:" Titles are listed in alphabetical order followed by the year of debut in parentheses.






Note: Titles are listed in alphabetical order, followed by the year of debut in parentheses.



List of programs previously broadcast by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation

This is the list of programs currently broadcast by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation (IBC), a broadcasting network in the Philippines, includes news and public affairs programs, sports, drama, sitcoms, reality and variety shows, talk shows, educational, informative and home shopping programs.

Below the list of programs previously aired by IBC 13. For the current shows of this network, see List of programs broadcast by IBC.





















^in cooperation with AKTV/Sports5
with Solar Sports




Olga Sawicka

Olga Sawicka (February 7, 1932 – April 2, 2015) was a Polish dancer and choreographer. She was the prima ballerina of the Opera. St. Moniuszko in Poznan (1963-1974). She was director of the ballet at the Music Theatre in Poznań (1974-1976). She was born in Poznań, Poland.

Sawicka died in Skolimów-Konstancin, Poland, aged 83.

Ontario Highway 5

Ontario Highway 5 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from east to west. It starts at Highway 8 near Peter's Corners. It ends at Highway 6 at Clappisons Corners. The highway is 12.7 kilometers (7.9 miles) long. It passes mostly through rural areas.

Premier of Ontario

The Premier of Ontario is the head of the government of Ontario, Canada. The premier is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario. He or she is the head of the Executive Council of Ontario. The premier is usually the leader of the largest party in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.

The first premier of Ontario was John Sandfield Macdonald. He was premier from 1867 to 1871. The current premier is Doug Ford.

Here is a list of people who have been Premier of Ontario since Confederation (the creation of Canada) in 1867:

Grid plan

A grid plan is the first basic plan in urban planning. It was developed in ancient Greece.It is a type of city plan in which streets run at right angles to each other, forming a grid. In ancient Rome a grid plan method of land measurement was called a centuriation.



Multiple nuclei model

The Multiple nuclei model is a basic model in modern urban planning. It was by Chauncy Harris and Edward Ullman in 1945. It was the third model in the Chicago school (architecture). The main idea was that when a city reached a certain size its downtown central business district (CBD) could no longer serve the whole city. Shops and offices move to the outer parts of the city. They grow and attract other businesses. This causes the areas around them to grow into new business centers. 


Sector model

Sector model is a basic model in modern urban planning that was developed by Homer Hoyt. He published his work in 1939 after studying 140 American cities. His model was a response to the concentric zone model developed by R. E. Park, E. W. Burgess and R. D. McKenzie. Hoyt found that cities grow outward in wedge-shaped sectors instead of concentric circles.


Linear city model

Linear city is a model in modern urban planning. It was first developed by the Spanish urban planner Arturo Soria y Mata in 1882. It was an alternative to densely populated industrial cities. The idea was resumed in the 20th century in East Germany and Soviet Union.



The Boss (roller coaster)

The Boss is a wooden roller coaster. It is at Six Flags St. Louis in Eureka, Missouri. It has a lift of and a first drop of . It also has four drops of 150', 112', 103' and 72'. The ride also has a 570 degree helix. The Boss opened in 2000. It is known for its "terrain twister" style, going up and down with the ground beneath it.

In 2009, the coaster got spare coaster trains from a sister coaster called Twisted Twins. It was at Kentucky Kingdom (then known as Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom). They gave up the train cars after shutting down the coaster's section of the park.


Cannon Ball (roller coaster)

The Cannon Ball roller coaster is a wooden roller coaster. It is at the Lake Winnepesaukah Amusement Park (or Lake Winnie) in Rossville, Georgia. It was designed by John C. Allen. The roller coaster opened in 1967. It was Lake Winnie's first roller coaster.

It is one of three roller coasters at the park. The other two coasters are the Wild Lightnin' and the Wacky Worm. Wild lightnin' is a steel roller coaster that goes over the lake. The Wacky Worm is a children's ride. The Cannon Ball is the biggest of the three.


Donald N. Levine

Donald Nathan Levine (June 16, 1931 – April 4, 2015) was an American sociologist, educator, social theorist and writer. He was a central figure in Ethiopian Studies. Levine worked at the University of Chicago. He was born in New Castle, Pennsylvania.

Levine died at the age of 83.

Klaus Rifbjerg

Klaus Rifbjerg (December 15, 1931 – April 4, 2015) was a Danish writer. He wrote more than 170 novels, books and essays. In 1965 he co-produced the movie "4x4" which was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.

Rifbjerg was born in Copenhagen and grew up on the island of Amager in Denmark. He studied at Princeton University. Rifbjerg died in Copenhagen after a long illness, aged 83.

Julie Wilson

Julie May Wilson (October 21, 1924 – April 5, 2015) was an American singer and actress. She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical in 1989 for her performance in "Legs Diamond". She was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

Wilson died in New York City, New York from complications of a stroke, aged 90.


Dollard St. Laurent

Joseph Dollard Herve St. Laurent (May 12, 1929 – April 6, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.

Dollard started his National Hockey League career with the Montreal Canadiens in 1951. He would spend eight years in Montreal before being traded to the Chicago Black Hawks. He won four Stanley Cups with the Habs and one with the Black Hawks.

Dollard died in Beloeil, Quebec, aged 85.

Arrondissements of the Dordogne department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Dordogne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 4 arrondissements of Dordogne are:

Since its creation, the Dordogne department has had some changes:

Arrondissement of Bergerac

The arrondissement of Bergerac is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Dordogne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Bergerac.

When the Dordogne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Bergerac was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Bergerac is in southwestern Dordogne, with an area of . It has 111,875 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Périgueux, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Sarlat-la-Canéda, to the south by the Lot-et-Garonne department and to the west by the Gironde department.

The Dordogne river flows, from east to west, through this "arrondissement".

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bergerac, there is only one canton where not all its "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Périgord central. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Bergerac has 133 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Nontron

The arrondissement of Nontron is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Dordogne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Nontron.

When the Dordogne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nontron was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Nontron is the northernmost and smallest of the "arrondissements" of the Dordogne department, with an area of . It has 40,508 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Nontron is bordered to the north and northeast by the Haute-Vienne department, to the east by the Corrèze department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Périgueux and to the west by the Charente department.

Several tributaries of the Dordogne river flows through the "arrondissement"; some of them are Isle, Dronne, Lizonne and Loue.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Nontron, there is only one canton where all its "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Périgord Vert Nontronnais. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Nontron has 100 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Périgueux

The arrondissement of Périgueux is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Dordogne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Périgueux.

When the Dordogne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Périgueux was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Périgueux is the central western part of the department and it is the largest of the "arrondissements" of the Dordogne department, with an area of . It has 189,301 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Périgueux is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" Nontron, to the east by the Corrèze department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" Sarlat-la-Canéda, to the south by the "arrondissement" Bergerac, to the west by the Gironde and Charente-Maritime departments and to the northwest by the Charente department.

The Isle river, a tributary of the Dordogne river, and its tributaries Dronne, Lizonne, Auvézère and Loue flow through the "arrondissements" of Périgueux.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Périgueux has 146 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Sarlat-la-Canéda

The arrondissement of Sarlat-la-Canéda is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Dordogne "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Sarlat-la-Canéda.

When the Dordogne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Sarlat-la-Canéda was part of that original department, with the name of "Arrondissement of Sarlat".

When the "communes" Sarlat and La Canéda were combined on 1 March 1965, the name of the arrondissement was changed to "Sarlat-la-Canéda".

The "arrondissement" of Sarlat-la-Canéda is the southwest of Dordogne, with an area of . It has 74,666 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the northeast by the Corrèze department, to the southeast by the Lot department, to the south by the Lot-et-Garonne department, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Bergerac and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Périgueux.

The Dordogne river and its tributary the Vézère river flow through the "arrondissements" of Sarlat-la-Canéda.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Sarlat-la-Canéda, there are two cantons where their "communes" are in different "arrondissements": Haut-Périgord Noir and Périgord Central. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Sarlat-la-Canéda has 141 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Division of Wakefield

The Division of Wakefield was an Australian electoral division in the state of South Australia. It covered an area from the northern suburbs of Adelaide to the Clare Valley, 135 km north of Adelaide. It includes the suburbs of Elizabeth, Craigmore, Munno Para, Virginia, and part of Salisbury, and the towns of Gawler, Balaklava, Clare, Kapunda, Riverton, Mallala, Freeling, Tarlee, Williamstown, and parts of Port Wakefield.

The Division was named after Edward Gibbon Wakefield, who planned settlements in South Australia, Western Australia, New Zealand and Canada. It was set up in 1903. It was abolished in 2019 when a redistribution cut the number of divisions in South Australia to ten.

Sir Frederick Holder and Neil Andrew (1998–2004) were Speaker of the House. Holder was also Premier of South Australia on two occasions. Holder's death in 1909 caused a by-election. In 1938 the death of Charles Hawker also caused another by-election.




Division of Balaclava

The Division of Balaclava was an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was named for the suburb of Balaclava, which in turn was named for a battlefield of the Crimean War. It included the wealthy inner southern suburbs of Melbourne, including Brighton and Sandringham. It was abolished and replaced by the Division of Goldstein in 1984.

Thomas White, the Air and Civil Aviation Minister, resigned to become Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. This caused a by-election. Percy Joske resigned in 1960 to become Judge of the Commonwealth Industrial Court, which also caused a by-election.

1995 Chicago heat wave

The 1995 Chicago heat wave was a major heat wave. It led to over 600 heat-related deaths in Chicago. Most of the heat wave victims were old or poor people. They did not have enough money for air conditioning and would not open their windows. The people also didn't sleep outside for fear of crime. The heat also affected Milwaukee and St. Louis.

The temperatures were very hot. There were near-record highs as well. The hottest weather was between Wednesday, July 12 and Sunday, July 16. The highest temperature was at Chicago's Midway International Airport. The heat index reached at the Chicago O'Hare Airport. 

Chicago's daily low and high temperatures in 1995:

Bob Burns (drummer)

Robert Louis "Bob" Burns Jr. (November 24, 1950 – April 3, 2015) was an American drummer. He was in the original line-up of the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. Burns was born in Jacksonville, Florida.

Burns died in a single car crash after hitting a mailbox and tree on a sharp curve in Bartow County, Georgia, late at night after a performance on April 3, 2015. He was 64 years old.

Dave Ulliott

David A. Ulliott (4 April 1954 – 6 April 2015), known by the nickname Devilfish, was an English professional gambler and poker player. Ulliott was a minor figure in the Hull underworld, but went on to become a World Series of Poker bracelet-winner, and a mainstay of televised poker. 

At the poker table, he is known for wearing orange sunglasses, a sharp suit (or leather jacket) and gold knuckleduster rings reading "Devil" and "Fish", which he made himself.

He lived in Kingston upon Hull, not far from where he grew up. Ulliott died on 6 April 2015 from colon cancer.


Romualdas Ozolas

Romualdas Ozolas (January 31, 1939 – April 6, 2015) was a Lithuanian politician, activist, writer and educator. He was a member of the Lithuanian branch of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1973 to 1990. He was also a member of the Lithuanian independence movement, the Sąjūdis Initiative Group from 1988 to 1990. 

In 1988 he founded the nationalist Vilnija organization. He joined the Lithuanian Centre Union political party in 1993 and became its chairman. In 1996, he was elected to the Seimas and served until 2000.

Jeralean Talley

Jeralean Talley (née Kurtz; May 23, 1899 – June 17, 2015) was an American supercentenarian who was, at the age of 116 years, 25 days, the verified world's oldest living person.

She was previously thought to be the oldest living American, from the death of Elsie Thompson on March 21, 2013 until Gertrude Weaver was verified to be older in July 2014. Upon Weaver's death on April 6, 2015, Talley became the world's oldest living person evidence of their age.

Talley is the oldest validated person ever born in the U.S. state of Georgia.


Kermit, Texas

Kermit is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Winkler County. About 6,267 people lived there in 2020. After Theodore Roosevelt came to the city, it was named for his son Kermit Roosevelt. On July 16, 1926, after discovery of oil in the Hendrick oil field near Kermit, the city grew quickly.

Division of Bourke

The Division of Bourke was an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1949. It was named for Sir Richard Bourke, who was Governor of New South Wales at the time of the founding of Melbourne. It was based in the northern suburbs of Melbourne, including Brunswick and Coburg. The National Library of Australia holds a map showing the boundaries of Bourke in 1912.

Frank Anstey was Minister for Health and Minister for Repatriation in the Scullin government.

Marionberry

Marionberry is a cultivar of blackberry. The cultivar is also known as marion blackberry. It was developed by a joint venture of Oregon State University, and currently accounts for over half of the blackberry cultivars sold in Oregon.

John McMartin

John McMartin (November 18, 1929 – July 6, 2016) was an American actor of stage, movie and television. He was known "All the President's Men" (1976), "As the World Turns" (1956) and "Kinsey" (2004). 

McMartin was born in Warsaw, Indiana and raised in Minnesota. He died of cancer on July 6, 2016 in New York City, aged 86.


Giovanni Berlinguer

Giovanni Berlinguer (), Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI, (9 July 1924 – 6 April 2015) was an Italian politician and Professor of Social Medicine. He was born in Sassari, Sardinia, the son of Mario Berlinguer.

He ran for the secretarship of the Democrats of the Left (DS) in 2001, being defeated by Piero Fassino 61.8% to 34.1%. From 2004 to 2009 he was a Member of the European Parliament representing the DS and sits with the Party of European Socialists group.

He died in Rome at the age of 90.

Winkler County, Texas

Winkler County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. In 2020, 7,791 people lived there. The county seat is Kermit. It is named for Clinton M. Winkler, a Colonel in the Confederate Army. Music maker Roy Orbison completed High School in Winkler County.

Winkler County was created in 1887 and set up in 1910.

The county has a total area of 841 square miles.


Richard Henyekane

Richard Henyekane (28 September 1983 – 7 April 2015) was a South African football player for Premier Soccer League club Free State Stars on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns.

On 4 March 2012, his team set a remarkable record in the Nedbank Cup when they beat Powerlines FC by 24 goals to nil, with Henyekane scoring five of the goals.

Henyekane made nine official appearances for the South Africa national team. He died in a car accident on 7 April 2015.

Jean Germain (politician)

Jean Germain (11 September 1947 - 7 April 2015) was a French socialist politician. Germain was the president of l'Université de Tours from 1988 to 1993.
In 1995 Germain was elected mayor of Tours since 1995, and president of the agglomeration community of Tours, Tour(s) Plus. 

Germanin committed suicide by shooting himself in the head in Tours, France, aged 67.

Ropin' the Wind

Ropin' the Wind is the third studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on September 2, 1991 and was his first studio album to debut at No. 1 the "Billboard" 200 chart and the Top Country Albums chart. There it enjoyed four runs at No. 1 between September 28, 1991 - April 3, 1992, spending a combined 18 weeks at the top, eventually being certified 14x Platinum by the RIAA in 1998. In the UK it reached the Top 50 pop albums list and went to No. 1 for several months on the country charts. It has gone to sell 17 million copies world wide.

The track "Shameless" is a cover of a Billy Joel song, previously recorded on his 1989 album "Storm Front".

According to music review website Allmusic, "Ropin' the Wind" is the first country album to debut at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.

Brooks commented on the album saying :
""Ropin' the Wind was what we called the son of Fences. Ropin' the Wind was made in this kind of tour that we were on from No Fences. We were gone, pretty much 250 days out of the year. And in that remaining 100 days, I elected to cut Ropin' The Wind, and try to write for it. This album became a lot bigger than I ever thought it could possibly be. And when I listen to the singles off of it like Rodeo, What She's Doing Now, The River, Papa Loved Mama, and Shameless, I look at it and stand very proud. And then when I also look at the cuts, Against The Grain, Cold Shoulder, these songs I am equally proud of."'"


This track was not on the original release of the album. It first appeared when the album was re-released as part of Brooks' first "Limited Series" box set collection, and remained part of subsequent releases of the album until 2014, when it was released digitally for the first time.

"Ropin' the Wind" debuted at No. 1 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, becoming his first, and No. 1 on the Top Country Albums number-one album selling 400,000 copies, becoming his second No. 1 Country album. In September 1998, "Ropin' the Wind" was certified 14 x platinum by the RIAA.



In Pieces

In Pieces is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 31, 1993. It debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 and the Top Country Albums chart. It was also a huge hit outside the United States. In Great Britain it was Brooks' highest placed album on the charts. It reached the top ten of the country album charts before it was issued officially (due to imports from both the United States and Ireland). Critics felt that this would ruin the album's sales once it was issued. However, when it was eventually issued in Britain in early 1994 it went to #1 on the country charts and reached #2 in the pop charts and also produced two top 40 hit singles on the British pop charts.

The track "Callin' Baton Rouge" was previously a #37 peaking single in 1987 for the New Grass Revival, whose members back Brooks on his rendition. It was the first time the group had recorded together since they disbanded in 1989.

In an interview with BBC Radio DJ Richard Wooton, Brooks stated that the track "The Cowboy Song" (which was composed in 1987 by Roy Robinson) was found in a trash can by someone on his team who liked the song and played the track to him.

Brooks commented on the album saying:
""In Pieces was just time to smile. It was time to laugh, it was time to get loud. It's definitely the most live album that we've ever cut. I think the band went to a different level on this. They seemed to play more like a band that had been together for years than studio musicians that come together and play at time to time. So this one is all there for me. I like to listen to it loud, and I just love the stuff like Baton Rouge and Ain't Going Down Til The Sun Comes Up. From One Night A Day, all the way to the very last song, The Cowboy Song, which is definitely my favorite off In Pieces and it will stand up with anything that I have cut over the past five years. Like the other things, I'm very proud of this one and I hope you like it.""

The track ordering has varied on different releases of this album.




"In Pieces" debuted at #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, becoming his third, and #1 on the Top Country Albums, becoming his fourth #1 Country album. In July 1998, "In Pieces" was certified 8 x Platinum by the RIAA.



Fresh Horses (album)

Fresh Horses is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on November 21, 1995. "Fresh Horses" peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and #1 on the Top Country Albums chart.

The album had a worldwide radio ban until it was available to buy. Only the two singles issued ("She's Every Woman" and "The Fever") were allowed to be played before this date, the latter of which was a new country-rock version of an old Aerosmith song. Through 2006, approximately 7 million copies have been sold in the U.S.

Brooks commented on the album saying:

""Everyone was expecting this album to be pop. Everyone said we were leaving (country). For the first time ever, I was involved (in writing) in eight of the 10 cuts, so it's a huge reflection of myself. It's the things I enjoy singing about. I got to sing about the band on the road, I got to sing about cowboys, and more importantly, the women who put up with those cowboys."'


“The Limited Series” (1998) of the album inserted a cover of Bob Dylan’s “To Make You Feel My Love” between tracks 7 and 8.

Fresh Horses peaked at #2 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, and peaked #1 on the Top Country Albums, becoming his sixth #1 Country album. In November 2006, Fresh Horses was certified 7 x Platinum by the RIAA.



Sevens (album)

Sevens is the seventh studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on November 25, 1997, and debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, and on the Top Country Albums chart. The album also topped the Country album charts in Britain for several months and crossed over into the mainstream pop charts. His duet with Trisha Yearwood, "In Another's Eyes", won the Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals at the Grammy Awards of 1998. "Sevens" was nominated for the Best Country Album Grammy the following year.

Brooks commented on the album by saying:

""I'm proud, I'm excited, I'm nervous, and it feels good to be back in the game again. This is a very personal album. I only wrote six of the songs, but there are many that are so 'me' that people I work with every day thought I wrote them"".


Sevens debuted at #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, becoming his fifth, and #1 on the Top Country Albums, becoming his seventh #1 Country album. In November 2006, Sevens was certified 10 x Platinum by the RIAA.


As listed in liner notes.

Crowd vocals on "Two Piña Coladas": Dorothy "The Birthday Girl" Robinson, Charles Green, Mat Lindsey, Sandy Mason, Shawn Camp, Big Al, "Double D", Sam "The Man" Duczer, Garth Brooks

All strings performed by the Nashville String Machine; conducted and arranged by Jim Ed Norman.


777,777 copies of "Sevens" were marked as First Editions. These albums have a gold seal on the CD booklet and a similar mark on the CD itself. Canadian versions of the albums have a maple leaf shaped seal on the cover. First Editions were not released outside of North America.

Scarecrow (Garth Brooks album)

Scarecrow is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on November 13, 2001, and debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and the Top Country Albums chart. It has been certified 5× platinum RIAA and was named Best Selling Album at the 2002 Canadian Country Music Association Awards. It was the last album by Brooks before his thirteen-year hiatus.

Brooks commented on the album saying:

""At the end of last year I made a commitment to Capitol (Records) that I would try to bring them one more album. This is the result of that effort, a real labor of love, that I'm proud to hold up next to all of our previous releases. For the first time in my life I think I made a happy album. It's heavy on steel guitars, but you're not aware of it in some places because the musicians are so good at what they do.""

Singles released from this album include "Beer Run (B Double E Double Are You In?)" (a duet with George Jones, also found on Jones's 2001 album ""), "Wrapped Up in You", "Squeeze Me In" (a duet with Trisha Yearwood), "Thicker Than Blood", and "Why Ain't I Running". Of these, "Wrapped Up in You" was the highest peaking, reaching #5 on the Hot Country Songs charts. Prior to the album's release, "When You Come Back to Me Again" had charted on the country charts as a selection from the soundtrack to the film "Frequency".

Several of the tracks on this album were originally recorded by other artists. "Pushing Up Daisies" was originally recorded by Kevin Welch on his 1995 album "Life Down Here on Earth", while "Big Money" was originally recorded under the title "It Pays Big Money" by Mark Chesnutt on his 2000 album "Lost in the Feeling". Additionally, "Don't Cross the River" was previously recorded by America on their 1972 album "Homecoming". "Squeeze Me In" was previously recorded by Lee Roy Parnell on his 1995 album "We All Get Lucky Sometimes".



In the United States, "Scarecrow" debuted at No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200, becoming his eighth No. 1 album on the chart, and No. 1 on the Top Country Albums, becoming his eleventh No. 1 Country album. In January 2006, "Scarecrow" was certified 5× Platinum by the RIAA.

Compiled from liner notes.




Fresh Horses

Fresh Horses is a 1988 coming of age drama film directed by David Anspaugh, and starring Andrew McCarthy and Molly Ringwald.

Cincinnati college senior Matt Larkin (Andrew McCarthy) seems to have a picture perfect life: he is well-liked at his mid-western college, that he is soon to graduate, has a beautiful, waspy fiancée, friends, parties and good times. But when Matt meets Jewel (Molly Ringwald), his carefully constructed house of cards falls apart and changes him forever.

Matt’s content with his very proper fiancée and his safe life, so when his best friend Tipton (Ben Stiller) relates a story of a night spent in a rough country house filled with seedy characters, beer, music and women, Matt initially scoffs at the idea of visiting. However, as he ponders his imminent marriage, he decides to check it out - no harm done, just a little fun before life gets serious.

The two drive out to the house, in the "boonies", expecting a wild party, however, when they arrive, they find only the aftermath of a debaucherous night—cigarette butts and bottles strewn everywhere, a bluesy ZZ Top tune on the stereo, a solitary biker playing pool and a woman’s muffled giggle coming from upstairs. Disappointed, Matt goes to fetch a beer for Tipton and in doing so, in the kitchen, meets Jewel.

Jewel is all mystery and trailer park at the same time. She’s a poor Kentucky girl, obviously grown up uneducated, yet Matt is instantly drawn to her. He returns to seek her out and the attraction they share is obvious. Despite their social differences, Matt is completely infatuated.

His life soon does a 180. He breaks off his engagement, sneaks out at night and stops seeing his friends. However Matt is yet to figure out who exactly Jewel is and discover the secrets she is hiding (including an abusive husband and stepfather, the shady people that hang around the house, as well as the fact she is underage).

As a result the two worlds collide and it seems they are doomed by circumstance. After Matt has a run in with Jewel’s spouse, the ultra-seedy Green (Viggo Mortenson), Matt and Jewel must make the decision they have both been dreading, but will ultimately free them.


Filming locations in Kentucky included Kenton, Boone and Gallatin Counties, and the city of Warsaw; In Ohio, the University of Cincinnati, the city of Cincinnati, and Kings Island amusement park, then in Deerfield Township, Warren County, Ohio, now in Mason; and Switzerland County, Indiana.

Critical reaction to the film was mixed. In his review for the "Los Angeles Times", Michael Wilmington said, "[t]here's a lot to admire in the film adaptation of Larry Ketron's play 'Fresh Horses'" and called the dialogue "fresh, sad and funny." He also praised the work of director Anspaugh and cinematographer Fred Murphy, saying they give the movie "a very distinctive look: moody and poetic, grainy and wistful, drenched with a sad, faraway, forget-me-not drizzle of passion and regrets." However, he concluded that the "movie refuses to jell."

The film performed poorly, earning $3,074,292 in the opening weekend, and a total of $6,640,346 domestically - only 46.3% of the total gross, failing to recoup its $14 million budget. 

The film is based upon the play of the same name, also by Larry Ketron. It was first performed at the WPA Theatre, New York City on February 4, 1986 with a cast including Suzy Amis.


Albany, Texas

Albany is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Shackelford County. About 1,854 people lived there in 2020. The city was named after Albany, Georgia. The Cook oilfields were discovered in 1926. They became a large part of the local economy. Ranching is the main occupation, raising sheep and cattle. The town slogan is "Albany, the Home of the Hereford."

Albany has a total area of 1.5 square miles.

Shackelford County, Texas

Shackelford County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. In 2020, 3,105 people lived there. The county seat is Albany. The county was named for Jack Shackelford who had been a medical man, and then was a soldier who lead men in the Texas Revolution.

Crystal City, Texas

Crystal City is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Zavala County. The 2020 US census said that 6,354 people lived there. The "San Antonio, Uvalde and Gulf Railroad" stopped in Crystal City.

Crystal City was home to a large internment camp in World War II. It was the largest internment camp for Germans and those of German descent in the US. Almost all the children and many of the wives interned here were American citizens. Most were held here for four years.

Fredric Brandt

Fredric Sheldon Brandt (June 26, 1949 – April 5, 2015) was an American physician, researcher, lecturer, author, and radio host. He was known for using the first botulinum toxin ("botox") and fillers. Brandt was also known for his role in the FDA approval of numerous fillers and botulinum toxins for cosmetic use in the United States. 

Brandt committed suicide by hanging himself on April 5, 2015 in his home in Coconut Grove, Florida, aged 65. His publicist reported that he had been suffering from depression.


Kardam, Prince of Turnovo

Kardam, Prince of Turnovo, Duke of Saxony (2 December 1962 – 7 April 2015), was the eldest son of Tsar Simeon II of Bulgaria and his wife Margarita Gómez-Acebo y Cejuela. 

Kardam was born after the unseating of the Bulgarian monarchy. He was sometimes styled as if her were a crown prince. He was known also as Kardam of Bulgaria and Kardam of Turnovo, the latter being the title of the heir apparent of the Bulgarian throne.

Prince Kardam suffered severe injuries in a road accident in 2008, and did not recover. He died of a lung infection in hospital in Madrid on 7 April 2015, aged 52. 

Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha

Simeon Borisov Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, Tsar Simeon II or King Simeon II of Bulgaria (; born 16 June 1937) is an important political and royal figure in Bulgaria. During his reign as the Tsar of Bulgaria from 1943 to 1946 he was a minor, the monarchical leader. He also served as the 48th Prime Minister of Bulgaria.


Ralph Bakshi

Ralph Bakshi (born October 29, 1938) is an American director of animated and live-action movies. His best known movies include "Fritz the Cat" (1972), "Wizards" (1977), "The Lord of the Rings" (1978), "American Pop" (1981) and "Fire and Ice" (1983).


SPB

SPB may refer to:


IEEE 802.1aq

Shortest Path Bridging also known as IEEE 802.1aq is a computer protocol used to simplify the creation and configuration of networks, supports faster restore times, increased bandwidth, redundancy, and security.


Duke Lemur Center

The Duke Lemur Center is an sanctuary for several species of lemurs and lorises. It is at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. The center is the largest sanctuary for these animals in the world. There are about 10 different species at the center. The center does not harm the animals while researching them. The Duke Lemur Center is open to the public. Tours are by appointment only.

On November 10, 2014, Jovian (best known for mainly portraying Zoboomafoo in the series of the same name) died at his home in the center of renal failure at age 20. It is currently unknown when his funeral was.


Kay Lenz

Kay Lenz (born March 4, 1953) is an American actress and former child performer. She has worked mainly in television. She has received two Emmy Awards. She played Jane in "American Graffiti". She also played Maggie Zombro in "Reasonable Doubts". 

She was born in Los Angeles, California.

Marmoset

The marmosets are a group of New World monkeys.
There are 22 marmoset species in four genera. All are in the biological family Callitrichidae. The term "marmoset" is also used in reference to the Goeldi's marmoset, "Callimico goeldii", which is closely related.

Most marmosets are about long. Compared to other monkeys, they have some primitive features. They have claws rather than nails, they lack wisdom teeth, and their brain layout seems to be relatively primitive. Their body temperature is unusually variable, changing by up to 4 °C (7 °F) in a day. Marmosets are native to South America and have been found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Peru. They have also been spotted in Central America.

Marmosets have germline chimerism. This is not known to occur in nature in any primates except this family.

Marmosets are highly active, living in the upper canopy of forest trees, and feeding on insects, fruit and leaves. They have long lower incisors, which allow them to chew holes in tree trunks and branches to harvest the gum inside; some species are specialised feeders on gum.

Marmosets live in family groups of three to 15. There are one or two breeding females, an unrelated male, offspring and other family members and unrelated individuals. Their mating systems are highly variable and include monogamy, polygyny and occasionally polyandry.

Old Calendarists

Old Calendarists is the name of traditionalist Eastern Orthodox churches which have splintered from their church due to their church adopting the revised Julian calendar.

Union of Utrecht (Old Catholic)

In 1889, the Old Catholic Church seceded from the Roman Catholic Church, mainly because Old Catholics do not accept the dogma that the pope is infallible. All of the Old Catholic Churches united in what is called the Union of Utrecht, in 1889. 

Ray Charles (musician, born 1918)

Charles Raymond Offenberg (September 13, 1918 – April 6, 2015), better known as Ray Charles, was an American singer, songwriter, musician, conductor, and vocal arranger. He was best known as the organizer and leader of the Ray Charles Singers (who were featured on Perry Como's television series, radio shows, and records for 35 years).

On April 6, 2015, Charles died in Beverly Hills, California of natural causes at the age of 96.

Jayakanthan

Jayakanthan (; 24 April 1934 – 8 April 2015) was a Tamil writer, essayist, journalist, pamphleteer, filmmaker and critic. He was a recipient of both Jnanpith and Sahitya Akademi awards.

Jayakanthan died on 8 April 2015 in Chennai after a long-illness, at the age of 80.

Conversion therapy

Conversion therapy is treatment to change a person from homosexual to heterosexual. Such treatments have been criticized for being a form of pseudoscience. Conversion therapy has been controversial in some countries, including the United States.

The American Psychiatric Association has criticized the treatments. They say the treatments are unreliable.

The highest-profile contemporary supporters for conversion therapy are Christian fundamentalists and other religious organizations. This therapy has been ridiculed by critics as "pray the gay away".

Use of the therapy on minors is not allowed in New Jersey, California and Washington D.C..

Jovian

Jovian (1994 – November 10, 2014) was a Coquerel's sifaka lemur, best known for mainly portraying Zoboomafoo in the series of the same name. On November 10, 2014, Jovian died at his home in the Duke Lemur Center of renal failure at age 20.

Jovian was born in the spring of 1994 at the Duke Lemur Center to parents Nigel and Flavia.

National Primate Research Center

The National Primate Research Centers is a network of 8 research programs in the United States. It is funded by the National Institutes of Health to conduct biomedical research on primates. Each center is connected to a university or other host institution.

Biomedical Primate Research Centre

The Biomedical Primate Research Center (BPRC) is Europe's largest primate research center. It is a scientific research institute that performs research that contributes to the identification and development of new medicines against deadly diseases. The center is located in Rijswijk, (Zuid-Holland).

BPRC employs about 110 people.


Màrius Serra

Màrius Serra i Roig (May 1, 1963, Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish writer. He is also a journalist. He has won several writing prizes. He is a graduate in English philology studies. In 2006 he won the most important prize in Catalonia for writing his novel "Farsa" (Catalan for "Farce"): the Ramon Llull Prize. He was also a presenter on a television show about books (named "Alexandria") in "Canal 33" in Catalonia. Màrius is a writer on Avui newspaper (Catalonia). Serra is also on a radio program of "Radio Nacional de España".





Madam C. J. Walker

Sarah Breedlove (December 23, 1867 – May 25, 1919), known as Madam C. J. Walker, was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. She was said to be the first female self-made millionaire in America. When she died her estate was worth $600,000 (worth about $8 million today). So this may not have been entirely true. She made her fortune in the hair care business. Her own hair loss caused her to look for “hair-growing” solutions. She developed and marketed a successful line of beauty and hair products for black women. She started the company Madame C.J. Walker Manufacturing Company. She died May 25, 1919 of hypertension in Irvington, New York at the age of 51.

On December 23, 1867, Sarah Breedlove was born on a plantation near the village of Delta, Louisiana. She was the fifth child born to recently freed slaves, Owen and Minerva. She was their first child born free. Her mother died in 1874 and her father died in 1875. She went to live with her sister Louvinia and her husband. In 1877 they moved to Vicksburg, Mississippi where Sarah picked cotton. At age 14 she married Moses McWilliams. He died two years later. Breedlove and her daughter A'Lelia went to St. Louis. Two of her brothers were barbers there. She worked washing clothes for $1.50 USD a day. She also attended night school. In 1894 Breedlove married for the second time to John Davis. But the marriage failed as he was unfaithful to her.

In the 1890s Breedlove began losing her hair due to a scalp condition. She began experimenting with home made cures. At the 1904 World's Fair Breedlove met Annie (Turnbow) Malone. By 1905 she was selling Malone's products. Breedlove moved to Denver where she married her second husband, Charles Joseph Walker. In a dream it came to her what to mix up for a hair product. One of the ingredients was only available in Africa so she sent for some. Her hair started growing again. She started her own business selling a product she developed "Madam Walker's Wonderful Hair Grower" It was designed as a scalp healer and hair conditioner. As Mrs C.J. Walker she changed her business name to "Madam" C.J. Walker. in 1906, her daughter A'Lelia graduated from college and came to work managing her mother's company. This freed Walker to begin selling her product door-to-door. She gave presentations to church groups wherever she could. In 1908 she started her own college in Pittsburgh to train her salespeople.

In 1910 she incorporated her company. She could not attract big investors so she used $10,000 of her own money to start her school and factory in Indianapolis. She was the sole shareholder of the Madame C.J. Walker Manufacturing Company. Sarah Walker was a serious business women. She began mixing herbs and shampoos. Her products where especially for black women. In a short time she had trained 40,000 salespeople, her "Walker Agents". Her agents learned her system of vegetable shampoos, witch hazel, cold creams and diets. She didn't invent the hot comb, for straightening hair. But she improved it with wider teeth just for black women's hair. 

Walker attended the National Negro Business League Thirteenth Annual Convention in 1912. No women were included on the schedule of speakers. Walker got up and took the podium from Booker T. Washington who was moderating. She told her story and why women should be included. At the fourteenth convention she was on the schedule of speakers. She had the ability to inspire others.

Walker was a leader and a role model in the black community. She was one of the first female African Americans to create hair care products for black women. This was at a time when almost all products where for white people. The goal of her starting her business was to make female African Americans feel better about themselves. They could feel better about their appearance by using her products. Walker re-invented hair straightening just for black people. Her way of making money helped her and also got her employees out of poverty. Whenever they would make a sale for her they would get a certain percentage of the money. She did get some criticism from other black leaders. Booker T. Washington criticized her for making black women look like white women. He did not like skin bleaching and straightened hair. But she stated that the crucial ingredients for her hair care products came from Africa. Madam C. J. Walker died on May 25, 1919.

Smail Prevljak

Smail Prevljak (born 16 February 1995) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a forward for KAS Eupen in the Belgian First League.

As a young player, he played for FK Igman Konjic and RB Leipzig. He was part of the RB Leipzig team that won promotion to the Under 19 Bundesliga for the 2014–15 season. He was signed on a two-year contract by RB Leipzig on 1 July 2014. He made his debut on 2 August 2014, in a 0–0 draw against VfR Aalen.

On 1 September 2014, he went on loan to FC Liefering. He made his full-match debut in a 5–2 lost against SC Austria Lustenau on 26 September 2014. He scored his first goal for the club, in a 4–1 win against FC Wacker Innsbruck on 3 October 2014. Despite an injury, he was the leading scorer of FC Liefering (12 goals in the season as of April 2014)

On 9 November 2014 he made his debut for the first team of Salzburg. He came on in minute 62 in the league match against SCR Altach. After loans to SV Mattersburg and KAS Eupen he left Salzburg in 2020 and joined KAS Eupen in the Belgian First League.

He holds a Bosnian passport and played for Bosnia U21 and the national team.

Red Bull Salzburg

Dred Scott v. Sandford

Dred Scott v. Sandford, , was a US Supreme Court landmark decision. In March 1857, the court ruled that blacks, whether slaves, or free, were not citizens of the United States. They could not, therefore, sue in federal court.

Dred Scott had sued in federal court and claimed that he was free because he had lived in free territory. He lost his case in a ruling that has been condemned by many as the Supreme Court's worst decision.

The Dred Scott case, which denied Scott his freedom by ruling that blacks were not US citizens, was the end of years of legal cases from 1846 to 1857 in lower federal district court and Missouri courts, which had granted Dred Scott freedom for about two years.

Dr. John Emerson was a surgeon serving in the US Army. In 1833, he purchased Dred Scott, a slave in Missouri. The same year, he moved to Illinois and took Scott with him. Emerson was sent to a fort in the Wisconsin Territory. Scott, his slave, went with him.

While living in Wisconsin Territory (now Minnesota), Scott met and married Harriet Robinson. She was owned by a justice of the peace. After marrying Scott, Emerson became her owner as well. Emerson returned to Missouri and took his slaves with him.

In 1843, Emerson died in Missouri. Scott and his family were left to Emerson's wife, Eliza Sandford.

In 1846, Scott sued for his freedom in court. Helped by abolitionist lawyers, he claimed that he was free because he had lived in free states for a long time. The defense claimed that Dr. Emerson was forced to move to the Wisconsin Territory because he served with the US Army and that he should be able to keep his property. Chief Justice Roger B. Taney, decided that Scott was not free and so he did not have a right to sue. Furthermore, he stated that the US Congress could not make laws against slavery in United States territories. The majority opinion was agreed to by seven of the nine Justices.

The dissenting Justices pointed out when the US Constitution was ratified, blacks were already considered citizens in several states.

The ruling was a major setback to the anti-slavery movement. The Republican Party condemned the ruling. In effect, it allowed slavery in all US territories, even in the North.

The decision became a central issue in slavery debates and helped cause Abraham Lincoln to be elected as US President and then the American Civil War.

In 1865, the Thirteenth Amendment banned slavery in the United States. In 1868, the Fourteenth Amendment overturned the Dred Scott decision and gave nearly all persons born in the country US citizenship regardless of their color.

Soon after the 1857 decision, Eliza Sandford sold Scott and his family to Taylor Blow. Blow, ne of Scott's previous owners, then granted Scott and his family their freedom. Scott died a free man on September 17, 1858. He did not live long enough to see blacks become US citizens.

"Dred Scott" is one of only four decisions by the Supreme Court that were overturned by an amendment to the United States Constitution. The other three are:

Arguably, one more case could be added:



Jirair Sefilian

Jirair Sefilian (Ժիրայր Սեֆիլյան; born 10 July 1967) is an Armenian military commander and political activist. He is one of the leaders of Armenian opposition and the head of Founding Parliament opposition group. Since April 8, 2015 he is under arrest and recognized as a political prisoner.

In 1990 Sefilian arrived in Armenia and participated in the Karabakh War. Sefilian became the commander of the "Shushi" special military commando, playing a significant role during the Battle of Shusha. Sefilian was awarded with the First Degree Order of the Combat Cross. 


Nina Companeez

Nina Companeez (born 26 August 1937 – 9 April 2015) was a French screenwriter and film director. She was known for her movies "The Horseman on the Roof", "Adorable menteuse", and "The Diary of an Innocent Boy".

Geoffrey Lewis

Geoffrey Bond Lewis (July 31, 1935 – April 7, 2015) was an American character actor. Lewis was known for his movie roles alongside Robert Redford and Clint Eastwood.

Lewis was born in San Diego, California. He was married to Glenis Batley from 1973 until they divorced in 1975, Then he was married to Paula Hochhallter until his death in 2015. One of his daughters is actress-singer Juliette Lewis.

Lewis worked many times with actor-director Clint Eastwood in several movies. They were "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", "Pink Cadillac", "Any Which Way You Can", "Bronco Billy", "Every Which Way but Loose", "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" and "High Plains Drifter". He is also part of the musical story-telling group Celestial Navigations.

On April 7, 2015, Lewis died of natural causes in his Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California home, aged 79.


Georg Simon Ohm

Georg Simon Ohm (16 March 1789 - 6 July 1854) was a German physicist and mathematician. During part of the time in his life, Ohm worked as a school teacher. Some of his research focused on the new electrochemical cell, invented by Italian scientist Alessandro Volta. Using equipment he had created himself, Ohm found that there is a direct proportionality between the potential difference (voltage) applied across a conductor and the resultant electric current. This relationship is known as Ohm's law.

In 1881, after his death, the SI unit for electrical resistance was named "Ohm" in his honour. The uppercase Greek letter Omega (Ω) is used for the unit.

Ground meat

Ground meat (also known as minced meat ) is meat that is finely chopped by a meat grinder or a chopping knife.

Ground beef

Ground beef is a ground meat made of beef. it is used in many recipes including hamburgers and cottage pie.

Peter Walsh (Australian politician)

Peter Alexander Walsh (11 March 1935 – 10 April 2015) was an Australian senator and Labor politician from 1974 to 1993. e was elected to the Australian Senate in 1974, and served as Minister for Resources and Energy from 1983 to 1984 and Finance Minister from 1984 to 1990. He was noted for his pro-free market views.

Walsh died at a hospital in Perth after a short illness on 10 April 2015, aged 80.

Richie Benaud

Richard "Richie" Benaud OBE (; 6 October 1930 – 10 April 2015) was an Australian cricketer. After his retirement from international cricket in 1964, he became a well-known commentator on the game.

Benaud was born in Penrith, New South Wales. His parents were of French descent. He was raised in Sydney. Benaud studied at Parramatta High School.

Benaud was a Test cricket all-rounder. Along with fellow bowling all-rounder Alan Davidson, he helped Australia to be at the top of world cricket in the late 1950s and early 1960s after a slump in the early 1950s. In 1958 he became Australia's Test captain until his retirement in 1964.

In November 2014, Benaud announced that he was diagnosed with skin cancer, aged 84. He died in his sleep on 10 April 2015 in Sydney. Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott offered a state funeral for Benaud, but his family rejected the offer.



Yū Aoi

She has won many awards for her performances on screen, including the Japan Academy Prize and Kinema Junpo Awards for best supporting actress in 2007 for "Hula Girls" and Rookie of the Year for continued performances in the field of "Films in Media and Fine Arts" by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan in 2009.


Radiography

Radiography is the name for the use of X-rays to see what is happening to parts of the body. It is an imaging technique which uses electromagnetic radiation other than light, usually X-rays. 

To create the image, a beam of X-rays is produced by an X-ray machine and is projected toward the object. A certain amount of X-ray is absorbed by the object, which is dependent on the density and composition of that object. The X-rays that pass through the object are captured behind the object by a detector (either photographic film or a digital detector). The detector gives a superimposed 2D representation of the object's internal structures. 

Tomography is a more advanced way of using X-rays. In tomography, the machine blurs out structures not in the focal plane. This gives a series of pictures, like a set of slices through the body. It is called CT scanning, or computer tomography. The computer builds a 3-D picture for the expert to look at.

Radiography has many medical and industrial uses.

The Place Beyond the Pines

The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 American crime drama movie. It was directed by Derek Cianfrance and it was produced by Lynette Howell, Sidney Kimmel, Alex Orlovsky, and Jamie Patricof.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 80% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Kevin Jagernauth of Indiewire gave a positive review and said that it was a "ambitious epic that is cut from some of the same thematic tissue as Cianfrance's previous film, but expands the scope into a wondrously widescreen tale of fathers, sons and the legacy of sins that are passed down through the generations".


Subsidiary alliance

Subsidiary alliance is a system developed by the East India Company by Lord Wellesley. It solved the problem of ruling a nation which is under the rule of a king. 

Some of the rules of the subsidiary alliance were:
Under this doctrine, Indian rulers under British protection surrendered the control of their foreign affairs to the British. Most disbanded their native armies, instead maintaining British troops within their states to protect them from attack. As British power grew, in most parts of India this became increasingly unlikely. The system also allowed the British to maintain their army at the expense of local rulers.

De La Trémoille family

The House of La Trémoille is an old French family which takes its name from a village (now La Trimouille) in western France. They are related to the Princely Family of Ligne. The family has been known since the middle of the 11th century, and since the 14th century its members have been important in French history.

The main line were known as the Viscounts of Thouars (they were made dukes in 1563), who also used the title Prince of Talmont as well as Prince of Tarente. Men in the family also used the title of Dukes of La Trémoille but more often than not Duke of Thouars was used.



Jin Youzhi

Jin Youzhi (17 August 1918 – 10 April 2015), also known as Aisin Gioro Puren, was the fourth and youngest son of Zaifeng. He was the last surviving sibling of Puyi, the final ruler of the Qing Dynasty and last Emperor of China.

Youzhi was born in the Prince Chun Mansion in Shichahai, Beijing.

Alexander Dalgarno

Alexander Dalgarno FRS (January 5, 1928 – April 9, 2015) was a British physicist. He was a Phillips Professor of Astronomy at Harvard University. He worked in theoretical chemistry, scattering theory, atmospheric physics & chemistry and astrophysics. He was known as the "father of molecular astrophysics".


Judith Malina

Judith Malina (June 4, 1926 – April 10, 2015) was a German-born American theater and movie actress, writer, and director. 

Malina was born in Kiel and moved to New York City at age three.

She co-founded The Living Theatre. She was active during the 1960s and 1970s. She was known for her roles as Sonny's mother in "Dog Day Afternoon", Rose in "Awakenings" and as Paulie Gualtieri's mother in "The Sopranos".

Malina died of lung disease at her home in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 88.


Ray Graves

Samuel Ray Graves (December 31, 1918 – April 10, 2015) was an American college and professional football player and college football coach. 

Graves was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. He studied at the University of Tennessee, where he played college football. Graves was best known as the head coach of the Florida Gators football team of the University of Florida. He served twenty years as the athletic director of the university.

Graves died in Clearwater, Florida, aged 96.


John Papit

John Michael Papit (July 25, 1928 – April 6, 2015) was an American football halfback in the National Football League. He played for the Washington Redskins and the Green Bay Packers. He played college football at the University of Virginia and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1951 NFL Draft. 


Jim Mutscheller

Jim 'Bucky' Mutscheller (March 31, 1930 – April 10, 2015) was an American football player. He played tight end for nine seasons for the Baltimore Colts. He was born in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania.

Mutscheller played football, basketball, and baseball at Beaver Falls High School, and three seasons of varsity football at Notre Dame under coach Frank Leahy from 1949 to 1951, including on the 1949 national championship team. 

Mutscheller played both defensive end and offense for the Fighting Irish, and served as team captain his senior year.

Mutscheller died of kidney failure in Towson, Maryland, aged 85.


Michael Kiessou

Anacle Michael Ghounam Kiessou, better known by his stage name Michael Kiessou is a Cameroonian singer-songwriter and entertainer. He became popular with his song "Bennam". The song was on his debut EP, "Partage", released on April 2, 2014.




| style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2"| 2015
| style="text-align:center;"| 2015
| style="text-align:center;"| 2015

Prosimian

Prosimians are a group of proto-primates. It includes:
1. All living and extinct strepsirrhines (lemurs, lorises, and adapiforms), and 
2. haplorhine tarsiers and their extinct relatives, the omomyiforms. 

All of them have characteristics that are more "primitive" than simians (monkeys, apes, and humans). On the other hand, they have survived. Therefore we know that their life-style is not directly competitive to that of the higher primates.

First, they are primarily carnivorous. They mainly eat insects, not fruit. They lack full colour vision: they are red-green blind (cannot see the difference between red and green). This has a corresponding advantage in that they can see better in the dark. This is also true of many placental mammals, and for the same reason. Mammals spent long periods as nocturnal animals during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.

Prosimians are not a clade (a group of an ancestor and all its descendants), but a convenient term. It is useful to compare their behaviour with that of later primates. Prosimians are not large-brained compared to other placental mammals. They are fairly intelligent animals. However, their brains are much smaller than those of simians of similar size.

Prosimians are the only primates native to Madagascar, and are also found throughout Africa and in Asia.

Notes

Adapiformes

Adapiformes are an extinct group of early primates. Adapiformes radiated throughout much of the northern continental mass, reaching as far south as northern Africa and tropical Asia. They lived from the Eocene to the Miocene epochs. Some adapiformes looked similar to living lemurs.

Adapiformes are known from the fossil record only, and it is unclear whether they form a monophyletic or paraphyletic group. When assumed to be a clade, they are usually grouped under the "wet-nosed" taxon Strepsirrhini, which would make them more closely related to the lemurs and less so to the "dry-nosed" Haplorhini taxon that includes monkeys and apes.

In 2009, Franzen and colleagues put the newly described genus "Darwinius" as a stem "missing link" between Strepsirrhini and Haplorhini. Later work on the "Darwinius" fossil by Erik Seiffert and colleagues rejected this "missing link" idea. They classify "Darwinius" and other adapiformes as Strepsirrhini.

The fossil record of the Adapiformes is quite considerable. The fossils are first found in the earliest Eocene, 55 million years ago (mya). They lived in four continents (North America, Africa, Europe and Asia). The Eocene was when the Earth was much warmer than today, with extensive tropical forests, far more so than today. The widespread remains have a much earlier origin, and molecular clock dates suggest that primates evolved more than 80–90 mya, nearly 40 million years before appearing in the fossil record.

Joan Carreras i Goicoechea

Joan Carreras i Goicoechea (born in Barcelona, 1962) is a Catalan journalist, screenwriter, and writer. He is a professor in the Faculty of Communication at Blanquerna. He teaches digital journalism. He worked for ten years at the broadcasting company Corporació Catalana de Mitjans Audiovisuals. He was the director of Canal 33. He was also the manager of the program "Info-K". At television channel 324.cat he tried out new formats and digital narratives. He has also worked for many newspapers, such as "Avui", "Diari de Barcelona" and "El Temps". In 2014, he received the Premi Sant Jordi de novel·la for his novel "L'àguila negra" (The black eagle).




Emili Rosales i Castellà

Emili Rosales i Castellà is a Catalan writer and editor. He began in the field of poetry, but quickly changed to writing novels. After publishing three books in four years, he dedicated five years to publish the fifth. The effort was rewarded when "La ciutat invisible" won the Sant Jordi award. It received good reviews. The novel has been translated to Spanish.

Rosales has also worked as a translator. He has been a literature professor. Occasionally he publishes book reviews in the press. He is the editorial director of Grup 62 (a publishing house) and Destino.

His works have been translated to German, English, Spanish, French, Greek, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Romanian, Serbian and Chinese.




John de Lancie

John Sherwood de Lancie, Jr. (born March 20, 1948) is an American actor, director, producer, writer, educator, sailor, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his role of Q in "" (1987–present) and as the voice of in "" (2010–2019). He is also known for his quite deep, resonant voice. De Lancie performed in "Days of Our Lives" (1982–1986; 1989–1990) as Eugene Bradford.

De Lancie was featured in several roles on television series, including Frank Simmons in "Stargate SG-1" (2001–2002) and Donald Margolis in "Breaking Bad" (2009–2010). He is noted for his public support of of the "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic" fandom.

De Lancie was born John Sherwood de Lancie, Jr. in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on March 20, 1948 to John and Andrea de Lancie.

De Lancie attended Kent State University and the Juilliard School. He has appeared in several television series. These include "L.A. Law", "Days of Our Lives", "", "The Practice", and "Picket Fences". He has also appeared in "Stargate SG-1", "Breaking Bad", and "".


Sebastià Alzamora i Martín

Sebastià Alzamora i Martín (born in Mallorca, 6 March 1972) is a writer and literary critic.

Alzamora studied from Balearic Islands University with a degree in Catalan philology. He gained popularity after releasing a book of poetry called "Rafel" (1994). "Rafel" won the Premi Salvador Espriu. He is also the author of "Apoteosi" "del Cercle" (1997), "Mula Morta" (2001), and "El Benestar" (2003).

As a narrator, he has published "L'extinció" (1999), "Sara i Jeremies" (2002), "La Pell i la Princesa" (2005), "Nit de L'ànima" (2007), "Miracle a Llucmajor" (2010), and "Dos Amics de Vint Anys" (2013). He wrote an essay about Gabriel Janer Manila called "L'escriptura del Foc" (1998). He also helped create "Imparables, Una antologia" (2004), and published "Dogmàtica Imparable" (2005) with Héctor Bofill and Manuel Forcano. Since December 2007, he has been director of the magazine "Cultura".


Field-programmable gate array

A field-programmable gate array (often shortened to FPGA) is an electronic component used to build reconfigurable digital circuits. That means that an FPGA is different from a logic gate, because a logic gate has a fixed function. In contrast an FPGA has an undefined function at the time of manufacture. Before the FPGA can be used in a circuit it must be programmed, that is, reconfigured.

FPGAs are integrated circuits in the category of programmable logic devices or PLDs. FPGAs are the highest performance, most flexible and also the most expensive of the PLD types. A drawback of FPGAs compared to other PLDs is that they do not remember their design when the power is removed. An FPGA therefore needs a separate configuration memory chip that holds the FPGA design. When the power is given back to the FPGA a fixed part of the FPGA reads the configuration from the configuration memory chip. After the FPGA is configured it will be able to do the function it was given by the design.

An FPGA is different from a microprocessor or microcontroller. An FPGA in its basic form is not able to run software. Only when the FPGA is given a configuration that contains a processor-architecture it has the ability to run software.

FPGA manufacturers provide engineering software for Windows and sometimes also Linux, to develop designs for FPGAs. The design is commonly written in human readable computer files called a "hardware description language" (HDL). The most popular hardware description languages are VHDL and Verilog. Hardware description languages are strongly comparable to programming languages. But the intention of HDLs is to design digital logic circuits while programming languages design software.

The FPGA engineering software has to translate the abstract HDL code into the logic elements available in the selected FPGA. That is called logic synthesis. Then a process of place and route is done to position the logic elements in the FPGA. The result is a bitfile that can be programmed into the FPGA or the configuration memory. This is usually done with a USB programmer connected to the JTAG port of the FPGA.

Because the FPGA is an integrated circuit, an FPGA manufacturer can decide to add other commonly used integrated circuit components. These fixed parts are called cores. These are for example Ethernet controllers or even a complete processor-architecture. For different market segments such as defense, medical, communications and robotics the FPGA manufacturer tries to add the most valuable set of these additional cores.

FPGAs are generally built upon programmable logic elements and programmable interconnects. One building block of logic elements is a programmable lookup table (). A LUT can be programmed to output any value given input values. In this way, a LUT can be programmed to be any type of logic with the same number of inputs and outputs. For example, a 2-input, 1-output LUT can be programmed to emulate the logic of a 2-input AND, OR, NAND, NOR, XOR, etc. The output of this LUT can be either saved using a or connected to the input of other LUTs. Using a programmable mux, the FPGA can be programmed to choose the registered or non-registered output. This combination of a LUT, a register, and a mux is the general structure of a logic element.

To connect these logic elements together, pass transistors are used. The transistor can be programmed to either connect a signal or not, thereby giving the FPGA the ability to very specifically connect logic elements together. For example, if the output of one logic elements will feed the input of another, the pass transistor can be programmed to connect these two wires together and match the specified logic. Between the logic elements and the pass transistors, a compiler can take a hardware description from an HDL, create the logic for the logic elements, and connect them together using the pass transistors.

Logic block

A logic block, sometimes called configurable logic block is a component of an FPGA. Each logic block can be configured to hold a number of logic gates, which are interconnected.

Hayle

Hayle is a small town and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is at the mouth of Hayle River. The river flows into St. Ives Bay. Hayle is about northeast of Penzance.

List of Duck Dynasty episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the A&E reality television series Duck Dynasty. The series is set in West Monroe, Louisiana and stars Willie Robertson, CEO of Duck Commander, a duck call company, and his family and co-workers.

"Duck Dynasty" premiered on March 21, 2012. Its first season, which wrapped on May 23, 2012, has a total of 15 episodes. The second season premiered on October 10, 2012, and ended on December 5, 2012 with a total of 13 episodes. The third season premiered on February 27, 2013 and ended on April 24, 2013, also with 13 episodes. The fourth season started August 14, 2013, and concluded on October 23, 2013, with a total of 11 episodes including a Christmas special that aired on December 11, 2013. 

As of , 90 episodes of "Duck Dynasty" have aired over eight seasons.

Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Fourteenth Amendment (Amendment XIV) to the United States Constitution was adopted on July 9, 1868. It was one of the Reconstruction Amendments. The amendment discusses citizenship rights and equal protection of the laws. It was proposed in response to issues related to former slaves following the American Civil War. This amendment was bitterly contested. Southern states were forced to ratify it in order to regain representation in Congress. The Fourteenth Amendment is one of the most litigated parts of the Constitution. It forms the basis for landmark decisions such as "Roe v. Wade" (1973), and "Bush v. Gore" (2000). It remains the most important Constitutional amendment since the Bill of Rights was passed in 1791.

At the end of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln freed the slaves. The problem was, he did not ask Congress. Congress had not passed a law to free slaves. Meanwhile, some states still had slavery. The Thirteenth Amendment freed the slaves. It became law in late 1865. Three years later the Fourteenth Amendment provided civil rights. Republicans controlled Congress during this period. They wanted to give full citizenship to freed slaves. But they also realized that giving civil rights to black people, it opened the door for women's suffrage. It would lead to giving women the right to vote, which Congress did not want to do. If only section one was included in the amendment, the wording "all persons born or naturalized in the United States" would include women. For this reason, the word "male" was inserted in section two so the amendment would be approved by Congress.

The first section of the Fourteenth Amendment gave citizenship to “all persons born or naturalized in the United States”, and "subject to the jurisdiction thereof". The second clause, commonly called the "Privileges and Immunities Clause", states that "the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several states." This gave all Americans the protection of civil rights under the law. It forbids states from denying citizens their life, their liberty or their property without due process. States could not deny persons "equal protection of the laws." It meant that for the first time all people would have the same protection no matter what their color. The fact that states were mentioned makes them responsible for these protections the same as the federal government. The Fourteenth Amendment is cited more often in law suits than any other amendment.

The second section changed a part of the original Constitution which counted slaves as three-fifths of a person. This was for the purpose of determining how many U.S. congressmen a state could have (apportionment). The second section established that every citizen would be counted as one person.

The third section was intended to be strict with members of the Confederacy who fought against the United States. It required a two-thirds vote of Congress to allow leaders of the Confederacy to regain their citizenship or hold office. To be allowed to hold a federal office, former confederates had to swear an oath to uphold the constitution. Section four said the federal government would not repay Confederate debts. Section five means what it says, Congress will enforce the provisions of the 14th amendment.



Ante Roguljic

Ante Rogulic (born 11 March 1996 in Split, Croatia) is Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Liefering in the Austrian Football First League.

As a youth, he played for NK Omladinac Vranjic and Adriatic Split. He went to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg in 2013. He was also player of FC Liefering, the second team of Red Bull Salzburg. His debut for Liefering was on 2 August 2013 in a 4-1 home win against ESV Parndorf For the first team he made his debut on 11 November 2014, in a 2-0 victory against Admira Wacker Mödling.
He played for Croatias U17, U18, U19 and U21 team. Roguljic is captain of the U19 team.

Borderlands 2

Borderlands 2 is a first-person shooter video game that was developed by Gearbox Software and published by 2K Games. It is the sequel to the 2009 video game Borderlands. The game follows the story of "Vault Hunters" on the planet Pandora, as one of four classes: Salvador The "Gunzerker", Zer0 The "Assassin", Maya The "Siren" or Axton The "Commando". Downloadable content was also released for the game, later being included in a Game of the Year edition. A version for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One was released with . As of March 25, 2015, the game has sold 12 million copies.
A prequel game, called was released on October 14, 2014. This takes place before Borderlands 2 and Borderlands. A true sequel for the game, "Borderlands 3", was released in 2019.

Ramon Solsona i Sancho

Ramon Solsona i Sancho (born February 7, 1950 in Barcelona) is a Catalan writer and journalist. He has a degree in Romance Philology from the University of Barcelona. He is also a high school teacher. Is known for his ironic style. He is a regular contributor to newspapers such as "El Punt" and "La Vanguardia". He currently contributes to the radio program "El Matí de Catalunya Ràdio". He also contributes to "Catalunya Ràdio" and "RAC 1."

He has also been a poet (satirist) under the pseudonym "Lo Gaiter del Besòs". His novel "Les hores detingudes" won three literary awards in the same year. His work has been translated into Spanish and French. For television, he has worked as a writer for the series "Agència de viatges," "Estació d'enllaç" and "El cor de la ciutat". These were broadcast by TV3. He was co-author of the theme song of Futbol Club Barcelona (1998). In 2010 he received the premi Sant Jordi de novel·la for his book "L'home de la maleta".




Xavier Bosch i Sancho

Xavier Bosch i Sancho (born July 21, 1967 in Barcelona) is a Catalan writer and journalist. Bosch and Antoni Bassas created the program "Alguna pregunta més?" at Catalunya Ràdio. He received an Ondas award for that program. He worked at "La Vanguardia", "TV3" and "RAC 1" in sports. He was the director of the newspaper "Avui" from 2007 to 2008. In 2010, he founded a newspaper in Catalan, "Diari Ara". He wrote a trilogy whose first book ("Se sabrà tot") received a Sant Jordi Award in 2009. His second and third novels were "Homes d'honor" (2012) and "Eufòria". His last novel, "Algú com tu" (Someone like you, 2015), is winner of the Ramon Llull 2015 award.






Lluís-Anton Baulenas i Setó

Lluís-Anton Baulenas (born in Barcelona, 1958) is a Catalan novelist, translator and playwright.




Pep Coll

Josep Coll i Martí (born October 16, 1949 in Pessonada, Spain), also know as Pep Coll, is a Catalan writer. He has written in many different genres. He has also written for newspapers like "Segre", "El Periódico" and the magazine "Descobrir Catalunya".

Josep Coll i Martí came from a poor family. He studied the basic humanities at the seminary of La Seu d'Urgell. Martí continued his studies at the University of Barcelona where he graduated in philosophy and letters.

He started to work as a teacher in La Pobla de Segur (Pallars Jussà) for five years. After this five years he decided to move to Lleida. In the city of Lleida he worked as a teacher of the Catalan language and literature. He taught at the secondary school IES Màrius Torres from 1980-81 to 2009-10.

For over three decades, he has combined teaching with a writing profession. He is the president of the Center for Studies of Pallars. He has also been awarded several prizes such as the Catalan Critics Award. This was for his novel "Dos taüts negres i dos de blancs". He is known for being able to transfer his love of the mountains into his stories.


"Collections of legends"







Janusz Kurczab

Janusz Kurczab (6 September 1937 – 11 April 2015) was a Polish fencer, mountaineer and expedition leader. He competed in team épée events at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Lars Tunbjörk

Lars Tunbjörk (15 February 1956 – 8 April 2015) was a Swedish photographer. He was known for taking pictures of the Swedish landscape and landmarks. He was born in Borås, Sweden.

Tunbjörk died on 8 April 2015. His death was announced on 11 April. No cause of death was given. He was 59 years old.

Net neutrality

Net neutrality (also network neutrality, Internet neutrality, or net equality) is the principle that Internet service providers and governments should treat all data on the Internet equally. There should be no discriminating or charging differently by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication. The term was coined by Columbia University media law professor Tim Wu in 2003. It was an extension of the longstanding concept of a common carrier.

Examples of net neutrality violations include when the Internet service provider Comcast intentionally slowed peer-to-peer communications. In 2007, one other company was using deep packet inspection to discriminate against peer-to-peer, file transfer protocol, and online games. They started using a cell-phone-style billing system.

Sheila Kitzinger

Sheila Helena Elizabeth Kitzinger MBE (29 March 1929 - 11 April 2015) was a British natural childbirth activist and author on childbirth and pregnancy. She was known for being an expert on natural childbirth. She was born in was born in Taunton, Somerset.

Kitzinger died in Oxfordshire, England after a short illness, aged 86.


Paul Almond

Paul Almond (April 26, 1931 – April 10, 2015) was a Canadian screenwriter, director and producer. He was known for directing "Isabel", "Journey", and "The Act of the Heart". He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Almond died from complications of heart disease at his home in Malibu, California, aged 83.


André Mba Obame

André Mba Obame (15 June 1957 – 12 April 2015) was a Gabonese politician. After serving as an adviser to President Omar Bongo in the 1980s, he was a minister in the government of Gabon from 1990 to 1991 and again from 1997 to 2009.

Obame died in Yaoundé, Cameroon, on 12 April 2015 from a long-illness, aged 57.

The Amazing Criswell

Jeron Criswell King (August 18, 1907 – October 4, 1982), born Jeron Criswell Konig, and known by his stage-name The Amazing Criswell , was an American psychic known for making wrong predictions. In person, he went by Charles Criswell King, and was sometimes credited as Jeron King Criswell. He was born in Princeton, Indiana.

Criswell was a friend of director Ed Wood and narrated in his famous movie "Plan 9 from Outer Space".

Criswell died of cardiac arrest in Burbank, California, aged 75.


Market basket

In economics a customer basket, market basket or commodity basket is a set of different amounts of different goods and possible services. The commodity basket will contain goods and services a typical consumer will likely need. Commodity baskets can be used for two things: First, the price level of two economies can be compared. Secondly, using the same basket, it is possible to show how prices change over time. The amount of money needed to buy everything in the basket, over time, is called consumer price index. 

The basket will contain different goods and services, such as:

Frankie Bridge

Francesca "Frankie" Bridge (née Sandford; born 14 January 1989) is an English singer-songwriter. She was born in Upminster, London. She was a member of S Club 8 (2001-2005). Since 2007, she is a member of girl group The Saturdays, signed to the Fascination and Polydor labels. 

The group has released sixteen singles so far, of which thirteen have reached the Top 10 on the UK Singles Chart. There was one UK number-one single, "What About Us". In addition, the group has had five Top 10 albums on the UK Albums Chart, which were all certified by the British Phonographic Industry. 

Bridge has had nineteen UK Top 10 Singles and six UK Top 10 Albums. She was a contestant in the 2014 series of Strictly Come Dancing.

Sandford had a relationship with Dougie Poynter from 2008-2010. She began a relationship with Wayne Bridge in 2010. The couple's son was born in 2013. The couple married in 2014.

Mind of Mencia

Mind of Mencia is an American television series, created by Carlos Mencia. It aired from July 6, 2005 to July 23, 2008.





Each DVD set includes uncensored versions of each season's episodes with bonus features, including commentary, a behind the scenes featurette, and deleted scenes.


Jack Darragh

John Proctor "Jack" Darragh (December 4, 1890 – June 25, 1924) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played parts of 13 years of professional ice hockey, all with the Ottawa Senators.

On December 27, 1910, Darragh signed a contract with the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey Association (NHA). Darragh played with them until the NHA folded. After the Senators joined the National Hockey League (NHL), they decided to keep him on the team. When he became a free agent, he signed another contract with the Senators on December 4, 1922.

During his time with the Senators, Darragh won four Stanley Cups with them. He won them in 1911, 1920, 1921, and 1923. After his final cup win, he decided to retire from playing professional ice hockey. On June 25, 1924, he died from peritonitis, caused by a ruptured appendix.

Darragh was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1963.


Cheshire cat

The Cheshire cat is a character from Alice in Wonderland. It is known for its special grin. It is also special because it can make itself invisible, but sometimes the grin can still be seen. The concept of the cheshire cat has been very popular, and it has also been used in other domains of science, to describe certain phenomena. It also was known well by his drawing by Tim Burton

Tiffany lamp

A Tiffany lamp is a type of lamp with a glass shade. They are made with glass designed by Louis Comfort Tiffany and his design studio, Tiffany & Co.. The most famous was the stained leaded glass lamp. Tiffany lamps are considered part of the Art Nouveau movement.

Due to Tiffany's dominant influence on the style, the term 'Tiffany lamp' or 'Tiffany style lamp' often refers to stained leaded glass lamps. Even those not made by Louis Comfort Tiffany's company.

List of Orphan Black episodes

Orphan Black is a Canadian science fiction television series. It was created by Graeme Manson and John Fawcett. The series stars Tatiana Maslany as several clones. The rest of the starring cast includes Dylan Bruce, Jordan Gavaris, Kevin Hanchard, Michael Mando, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Évelyne Brochu, and Ari Millen. The first season of the show premiered on March 30, 2013. It was shown on Space in Canada and on BBC America in the United States."Orphan Black"'s second season premiered April 19, 2014. On July 9, 2014, "Orphan Black" was renewed for a third season to premiere on April 18, 2015. Each season had 10 episodes.

All season 1 episode titles are quotes from "On the Origin of Species" by Charles Darwin. The season 2 episode titles are quotes from the works of Sir Francis Bacon.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Grant Holt

Grant Holt (born 12 April 1981) is an English former professional footballer who is currently a scout at West Ham United.

In May 2018, Holt signed a professional wrestling contract with WAW. He won his first fight when he was the last man standing in a 40-man Royal Rumble earning him the Crusher Mason Memorial Trophy. In total he wrestled three matches, the last in June 2019, and won all three of them.

Holt was born in Carlisle, Cumbria. He is married and has three daughters.

Barrow

Norwich City

Hibernian

Individual

Short movie

A short movie, short film, or short is any movie not long enough to be considered a feature film (movie). The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences defines a short film as "an original motion picture that has a running time of 40 minutes or less, including all credits". However, the term is used by many as a catchall for anything less than 90 minutes in length. A feature film or movie usually runs from 90 to 120 minutes but can be as long as 180 minutes. There are other standards for short films. The Oberhausen short film festival defines a short as 35 minutes. The BBC Short Film Festival, the Academy Awards, and Clermont-Ferrand use 40 minutes. The San Francisco, Uppsala, and Kraków are among those using a limit of 60 minutes.

Short films or movies are sometimes called short subjects. Before 1910 all American movies were short subjects. Another term used for short films is avant-garde or "avant-garde short films". The term featurette originally was used for a movie or film longer than a short subject, but shorter than a standard feature film. Documentaries are almost always short films. So are many training films.

Short films are usually made by independent filmmakers and are not for profit. They are made with a low budget or no budget at all. Shorts are usually funded by film grants, non profit organizations, Sponsors, or personal funds. Short films are generally used by filmmakers to gain experience. They are also used to prove their talent in order to gain funding for future films. They want to attract private investors, entertainment companies, or film studios. Most film festivals show feature films or movies but also show short films. Some short films are shown along with a feature film.


Eduardo Galeano

Eduardo Hughes Galeano (3 September 1940 – 13 April 2015) was a Uruguayan journalist, writer and novelist. His best-known works are "Las venas abiertas de América Latina" (Open Veins of Latin America, 1971) and "Memoria del fuego" (Memory of Fire Trilogy, 19826).

Galeano died in Montevideo, Uruguay from lung cancer, aged 74."


Tom Towles

Tom Towles (March 20, 1950 – April 2, 2015) was an American actor. He was known for his roles "Night of the Living Dead", "Fortress", "Mad Dog and Glory", "Blood in Blood Out", "House of 1000 Corpses", and its sequel, "The Devil's Rejects".

In 1971, Towles started his acting journey in Chicago with the Organic Theater Company. He had his first film role as a police officer in Dog Day Afternoon (1975). Later, Towles went back to Chicago and continued performing with the Organic Theater Company and at the Goodman Theatre. After a ten-year break, he returned to the big screen in Pink Nights (1985). Towles gained recognition for his role as Otis in Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer, a character inspired by the real serial killer Ottis Toole. He also made appearances on television in shows like Seinfeld, NYPD Blue, L.A. Law, ER, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager, and Firefly. Towles frequently collaborated with filmmaker Rob Zombie in several films, including House of 1000 Corpses (2003), The Devil's Rejects (2005), Halloween (2007), and Grindhouse (2007).

Ronnie Carroll

Ronnie Carroll (born Ronald Cleghorn, 18 August 1934 – 13 April 2015) was a Northern Irish singer and entertainer. Carroll was born in Roslyn Street, Belfast, Northern Ireland. He stood in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election, 2008 as a candidate for Make Politicians History and received 29 votes despite announcing that he was trying to enter the record books by receiving no votes.

He lived in Hampstead, London. Carroll died aged 80 on 13 April 2015 from a short-illness.

Patrice Dominguez

Patrice Dominguez (12 January 1950 – 12 April 2015) was a French tennis player. He was born in Algiers, Algeria. He represented France in the Davis Cup between 1971 and 1979. He then became a trainer for several players such as Henri Leconte and Fabrice Santoro. He also worked as an analyst for different French media. Between 2005 and 2011 he was the national technical director of the French Tennis Federation.

Dominguez died on 12 April 2015 from lung disease at the age of 65.

The Tin Drum

The Tin Drum () is a 1959 novel by Günter Grass. The novel is the first book of Grass's "" (Danzig Trilogy). It was made into a movie in 1979. 

Mario Adorf

Mario Adorf (born 8 September 1930) is a Swiss-born German movie actor. He was known for his roles as "Alfred Matzerath" in "The Tin Drum" (1979). He has also wrote many autobiographies about his career. Adorf was born in Zürich, Switzerland.


Paul Muller (actor)

Paul Konrad Muller (born 11 March 1923 in Neuchâtel) is a Swiss character actor. He was known for his roles in "Journey to Italy" (1954), "Nightmare Castle" (1965) and "Vampyros Lesbos" (1971).


Michèle Morgan

Michèle Morgan (; 29 February 1920 – 20 December 2016) was a French movie actress.

Morgan was born Simone Renée Roussel in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine, a wealthy western suburb of Paris.

Morgan was known for her roles in "Port of Shadows", "Passage to Marseille" (alongside Humphrey Bogart), "Stormy Waters", "Fabiola", "The Proud and the Beautiful", and in "The Grand Maneuver".

Morgan died on 20 December 2016 at her home in Paris, aged 96.

The former President of Chile Michelle Bachelet was named after Michèle Morgan.


A Killer Among Friends

A Killer Among Friends is a 1992 made-for-television movie. It aired on CBS on December 8, 1992. Based on a true story, the movie stars Patty Duke as a mother grieving for her murdered daughter (Tiffani Thiessen). She sets out to find the killer. The movie is based on the real life murder of Michele "Missy" Avila.



Trevi fountain

The Trevi fountain is a fountain in Rome. It lies in the Trevi district, from which it gets its name. The current fountain was built from 1732 to 1736 in Baroque style. At about high and about wide the Trevi fountain is Rome's largest fountain. It is also one of the best-known ones.

In the year 19 BC, Marcus Agrippa commissioned an aqueduct to provide water for the baths he had built in the city. This aqueduct is about long, and has been in use since then. From the 12th century, the aqueduct provided water to three fountains in the current Via del Corso in Rome. Pope Nicholas V ordered the restoration of the aqueduct, in the 15th cenrury. The new aqueduct ended in a different place. Leon Battista Alberti constructed a simple fountain, which provided water from three openings. The wall of this fountain also bore the signs of the pope. Pope Pius IV also had the aqueduct restored, about a century later, from 1561 to 1570. Pope Urban VIII ordered a new fountain to be built; for lack of money, all that was done is that the place before the fountain was enlarged.

Mount Hope (Antarctica)

Mount Hope is a mountain in Antarctica. Ernest Shackleton named it in 1908, when he was on an expedition to reach the geographic south pole. The expedition was named Nimrod Expedition. Mount Hope has a height of 835m. Shackleton climbed the mountain to get a better view of the sourrounding area. On the top of the mountain, Shackleton had a better view of the Beardmore Glacier. Shackleton and his team reached the polar plateau, but did not reach the geographic south pole. 

Three years later, Robert Falcon Scott started an expedition which used the route Shackleton had taken. They reached the south pole, but fronze to death on their way back.

Andover, Kansas

Andover, Kansas is a city in southeast Kansas. It is near Wichita. At the 2020 census, 14,892 people lived there. On April 26, 1991, Andover was severely damaged by an F5 tornado.

Tony Anselmo

Tony Anselmo (born February 18, 1960) is an American voice actor and animator. He has been the voice of Donald Duck since 1985. He took over the role after Clarence Nash's death in 1985. Anselmo spent three years as his understudy. Anselmo has also shared voice-over duties (with Russi Taylor) for Huey, Dewey and Louie since 1999. He has voiced the nephews on Mickey Mouse Works and House of Mouse. He also lent his voice to minor characters in The Great Mouse Detective, Mickey's Around the World in 80 Days and Phineas and Ferb.

Anselmo has also worked as a voice actor for the Kingdom Hearts series. This featured Donald Duck as one of three main characters. He also provided the voice of Donald in the video game Kinect Disneyland Adventures in 2011. Anselmo attended the Character Animation program at the California Institute of the Arts. As an animator, Anselmo has worked on such Disney theatrical films as The Black Cauldron, The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, The Lion King, Tarzan and The Emperor's New Groove. In September 2009, Tony Anselmo was named a Disney Legend.

James Spader

James Todd Spader (born February 7, 1960) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in "Stargate" (1994), "Wolf" (1994), "Crash" (1996), "Secretary" (2002), "Boston Legal" (2004) and "The Blacklist" (2013). He played Robert California in "The Office".

Spader was born in Boston, Massachusetts.


Mortimer Caplin

Mortimer Maxwell Caplin (July 11, 1916 – July 15, 2019) was an American lawyer and educator. He was the founding member of Caplin & Drysdale, Chartered. Caplin served on John F. Kennedy's Task Force on Taxation and in January 1961. He appointed U.S. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.

Caplin was born in New York City, New York. He turned 100 in July 2016. Caplin died on July 15, 2019 in Chevy Chase, Maryland at the age of 103.


Ameril Umbra Kato

Al-Ustaj Umbra Amiril Kato (18 May 1946 – 14 April 2015) was a Filipino terrorist. He was the founder of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) a group which seceded from Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF). 

He joined the MILF after 1985, after he graduated from Imam Muhammad bin Saud Islamic University in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Umbra Kato was the Philippine's most wanted man though due to his still official membership in the MILF.

Kato died of a heart attack at the age of 68.

Herb Trimpe

Herbert W. "Herb" Trimpe (May 26, 1939 – April 13, 2015) was an American comic book artist and occasional writer. He was best known as the seminal 1970s artist on "The Incredible Hulk" and as the first artist to draw for publication the character Wolverine, who later became a breakout star of the X-Men.

He was born in Peekskill, New York.

Trimpe died suddenly in Hurley, New York on April 13, 2015 at the age of 75.

John Romita, Sr.

John Victor Romita Sr. (January 24, 1930 – June 12, 2023) was an American comic-book artist. He was best known for his work on Marvel Comics' "The Amazing Spider-Man" and for co-creating Wolverine. He was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2002. He was born in New York City.

Romita died in his sleep on June 12, 2023, at the age of 93.

When a Man Loves a Woman

"When a Man Loves a Woman" is a 1966 R&B song by Percy Sledge. The song hit #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It also was #1 on the R&B singles chart. The song was later performed by Michael Bolton in 1991. His version won a Grammy Award. Barbara Mandrell recorded a country music version of this song, also in 1991.

Celadon

Celadon is a term for ceramics meaning both a type of glaze and color. Celadon originated in China. Kilns such as the Longquan kiln in Zhejiang province are known for their celadon works. Celadon production later spread to other regions in Asia, such as Japan and Korea and Thailand.

Micheline Presle

Micheline Presle (22 August 1922 – 21 February 2024) was a French actress. She is known for her roles in "Devil in the Flesh", "Paris Frills", "The Legend of Frenchie King", "Donkey Sin", and "Adventures of Captain Fabian".


Homaro Cantu

Homaro Cantu (September 23, 1976 – April 14, 2015) was an American inventor, entrepreneur, chef and molecular gastronomer. He owned and operated the Cantu Designs Firm and Moto Restaurant in Chicago, Illinois.

On April 14, 2015, Cantu's body was found hanging inside a building he purchased in hopes of renovating it into a brewery on the Northwest Side of Chicago. Cantu was 38. After an autopsy on April 15, the Cook County medical examiner’s office officially declared Cantu's death a suicide.


Norman H. Bangerter

Norman "Norm" Howard Bangerter (January 4, 1933 – April 14, 2015) was an American politician. He was the 13th Governor of Utah from 1985 to 1993. He was the first Republican elected to the position since 1965.

On April 14 2015, Bangerter suffered a stroke and later died at the age of 82 in Murray, Utah.

Deep Throat

Deep Throat or Deep-throat may refer to:



1944 Great Atlantic hurricane

The 1944 Great Atlantic hurricane was a severe tropical cyclone. The entire U.S. Atlantic seaboard was affected in September 1944. The hurricane struck several states from North Carolina to New York and central New England. The storm killed 300-400 people. It caused $100 million in damage.

During World War II, the US kept radio silence about military information including weather. The government was aware that German U-boats patrolled the coastal waters. Hurricane-warning flags were posted at coast guard stations and post offices. But weather forecasters wanted the public to know this was a monster storm. The Hurricane Warning Centers in Miami, San Juan, Washington DC and Boston issued a total of 51 warnings. In New York city alone there were thousands of phone calls made and received between September 12 and 15.

On September 9, 1944, it was first discovered just northeast of Puerto Rico. It was already at hurricane strength. Weather reconnaissance aircraft discovered the eye of the storm over the northern part of the Bahamas. The Miami office of the National Hurricane Center named it "Great Atlantic Hurricane" because of its great size. For the next few days it moved steadily in a west-northwest direction. On September 12, 1944, reconnaissance aircraft reported the storm was growing stronger. At this time the winds were reported at over 150 mph and it was about 500 miles across.

At 10 pm on 14 September the hurricane made landfall on eastern Long Island. At this point it was a category 3 hurricane. It passed just south of Boston, Massachusetts. It moved out to sea at 1:00 am on 15 September. The storm weakened into a tropical storm as it passed near the coast of Maine. It then moved into New Brunswick,Canada. On 15 September it became extratropical. It then merged with another weather system southwest of Greenland.

The hurricane caused a great deal of damage to World War II military ships. Five ships were sunk. The destroyer USS "Warrington" capsized with a loss of 248 men. The minesweeper "YMS-409" also capsized. The United States Coast Guard Cutters "Bedloe" and "Jackson" sank off the Outer Banks of North Carolina. Between the two 47 men were lost. The Coast Guard Lightvessel "Vineyard Sound" was sunk. The entire crew was lost.

New Jersey was one of the hardest hit states. Nine were killed and 390 were injured. More than 400 homes were completely destroyed with about 3,000 damaged. Atlantic City got the worst part of the storm. Heavy flooding and high winds caused a great deal of damage. Reports said there were tidal waves 50 to 60 feet high.


Robert O. Peterson

Robert Oscar Peterson (1916–1994) was an American businessman and philanthropist. As the founder of the Jack in the Box restaurant chain, he popularized the drive-through fast food restaurant concept. He is credited with being the first to pair the drive-through window with an intercom system for greater efficiency. On April 18, 1994, Peterson died in San Diego, California of leukemia at age 78.

Leilani Leeane

Leilani Leeane (born October 1, 1992) is the stage name of an African-American model and pornographic actress.


ILOVEYOU

ILOVEYOU was a computer worm that first appeared on May 5, 2000. The worm was sent by email using the subject "ILOVEYOU", with the worm attached. The worm would look like a text file, until it was opened. The file would be called "LOVE-LETTER-FOR-YOU.txt.vbs". Because of Microsoft Windows' default options, the user would not see the ".vbs" extension, and mistake it for a harmless text file which cannot execute code.

Many of the files on the computer would be replaced by the worm. Depending on what version was run, the payload would be different, because the worm could be changed so easily. The worm was written in Visual Basic Script, and used Microsoft Outlook to spread. It infected over 45 million computers and caused $10 billion in damages

Bella Moretti

Bella Moretti (born March 12, 1989 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is the stage name of an Afro-American model and pornographic actress. She started making pornographic movies in 2008. Has also used the aliases Bella Morecti, Bella Marette and Bella Moriett.


Misty Stone

Michelle Lynn Hall (born March 26, 1986 in Inglewood, California), better known by her stage name Misty Stone, is an Afro-American pornographic actress and fetish model. She started making pornographic movies in 2006. Has also used the aliases Jenny Stone, Misti Stone and Misty.


Klaus Bednarz

Klaus Bednarz (6 June 1942 – 14 April 2015) was a German journalist and writer. He had been working in television since 1967. From 1971 until 1977, he was a foreign correspondent in Poland and then to the Soviet Union until 1982. He was also a presenter on the programme "Monitor". He wrote many books in Polish and Russian. He also won many journalism awards.

Bednarz was born in Falkensee, Brandenburg. He studied at universities in Hamburg, Vienna and Moscow.

Bednarz died on 14 April 2015 in Schwerin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, aged 72.

Meir Rosenne

Meir Rosenne (‎; 19 February 1931 – 14 April 2015) was an Israeli lawyer and diplomat. Rosenne was born in Jassy, Romania.

From 1971 until 1979 he served as legal adviser to the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From 1979 until 1983 he served as the Israeli Ambassador to France. From 1983 until 1987 he served as the Israeli Ambassador to the United States. In 1987 Rosenne retired from the diplomatic service. From 1989 until 1994 he served as President of the Israel Bonds Organization.

Rosenne died on 14 April 2015 in Jerusalem, aged 84.


Zalman Shoval

Zalman Shoval (, born 28 April 1930) is an Israeli politician and diplomat. He is also active in Israel's economic life.
He was the Israeli ambassador to the United States in the years 1990–1993 and 1998–2000, and an active member of the Knesset in the Rafi party of Ben Gurion, the State List, and the Likud party.

Shoval was born in the Free City of Danzig (now Gdańsk, Poland).

Ruth Dayan

Ruth Dayan (born Ruth Schwartz, March 6, 1917 – February 5, 2021) was an Israeli activist. She was the widow of late Israeli general and politician Moshe Dayan. She founded the Maskit fashion house and was active in many social causes.

Ruth Dayan was born in Haifa, Israel. She wrote her memoirs.

She turned 100 in March 2017 and died in February 2021, one month before her 104th birthday. Dayan died at her home in Tel Aviv.

Gloria Henry

Gloria Henry (born Gloria McEniry; April 2, 1923 – April 3, 2021) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as "Alice Mitchell", Dennis’s mother, from 1959 to 1963 on the CBS family sitcom, "Dennis the Menace".

Henry died on April 3, 2021 at her home in Los Angeles, just one day after her 98th birthday.

Thelma Coyne Long

Thelma Dorothy Coyne Long (14 October 1918 – 13 April 2015) was an Australian tennis player. She was one of the female players who dominated Australian tennis from the mid-1930s to the 1950s. During her career, she won 19 Grand Slam tournament titles. In 2013, she was added into the International Tennis Hall of Fame.

Coyne Long was born in Sydney, New South Wales. For a short time in the early 1940s during World War II, she was married to Maurice Newton Long.

Coyne Long died on 13 April 2015 in the Sydney suburb of Narrabeen, aged 96.

Hermann Schweppenhäuser

Hermann Schweppenhäuser (12 March 1928 – 8 April 2015) was a German philosopher and publisher. He was a professor of philosophy at the Johann-Wolfgang-Goethe Uinversity in Frankfurt am Main, Germany and the University of Lüneburg, Germany. He was the author of books on Heidegger, Kierkegaard and Hegel and numerous esaays and articles on philosphical and aesthetical topics. Together with Rolf Tiedemann, he was the editor of the collected works of Walter Benjamin. He was born in Frankfurt am Main an died in Veitshöchheim, Germany at the age of 87.


Walter Benjamin

Walter Bendix Schönflies Benjamin (; 15 July 1892 – 26 September 1940) was a German philosopher, cultural critic, and translator.

Benjamin was born to a Jewish family in Berlin, then-German Empire. 

He worked in many subjects such as German idealism, Romanticism, historical materialism, and Jewish mysticism. He helped aesthetic theory and Western Marxism grow. 

Benjamin died by suicide by taking an overdose of morphine in Portbou at the French–Spanish border while attempting to escape from the Nazis at the age of 48.

Jewish-East German judge and politician Hilde Benjamin was his brother's wife.


Hans-Georg Gadamer

Hans-Georg Gadamer (; February 11, 1900 – March 13, 2002) was a German philosopher. His philosophy was about the continental tradition. He was best known for his 1960 magnum opus "Truth and Method" ("Wahrheit und Methode") on hermeneutics.


Luis Delgado Aparicio

Luis Humberto Delgado Aparicio Porta (28 September 1940 – 2 April 2015) was a Peruvian politician. He served in the Congress of the Peruvian Government from 1995 to 2001. Before serving as a congressman, Aparicio was a delegate from 1990 through 1992. He was born in Callao, Peru.

Aparicio died in Lima, Peru from pancreatic cancer, aged 74.

Doctor Zhivago

Doctor Zhivago is a 1965 epic romantic drama movie. The movie is about life in Russia before and during World War I and during the Russian Civil War from 1917 to 1922. The movie is based on a novel of the same name. It was written by Boris Pasternak. The movie was banned in the Soviet Union. It could not be made there and also could not be shown in theatres after it was released. It was first shown in Russia in 1994. The movie was directed by David Lean.

Critics complained when the movie was released because its running time was over three hours. Also, critics thought that the history in the movie was not told correctly. Over time, opinions changed. Now it is thought by the public to be one of David Lean's best movies. It was ranked by the American Film Institute in 1998 as the 39th greatest American movie of all time.

The movie won five Academy Awards. It was entered into the 1966 Cannes Film Festival.

The "Doctor Zhivago" novel was published in 1957 outside Russia, in Western countries. The book caused both praise and controversy. Some of Boris Pasternak's story had been available in Samizdat for some time after World War II. But the novel did not get written until 1956.

The book had to be smuggled out of the Soviet Union, because their government banned it for its views against Communism. It was taken by a trusted friend to an Italian publisher who printed and released it. Many people heard about the book because of the Soviet Union actions taken against the novel. It became very popular in the non-communist world. It spent 26 weeks at the top of the "New York Times" best-seller list.

A great poet who wrote about how he felt, Pasternak was awarded the 1958 Nobel Prize in Literature. Even though the award was given for his poetry, it was known that the prize was mainly for "Doctor Zhivago". The Soviet Union saw this Nobel Prize as a personal attack against their government itself. Pasternak was said to be a traitor by their leaders, so he refused to accept the Prize. The public now thought Pasternak was a Cold War symbol of rebellion against Soviet communism.

The movie plot was the same as the novel in some ways, but some changes were made. Many critics said that the movie gave too much attention to the love story between Zhivago and Lara. This downplayed the events of the Russian Revolution and the civil war that it caused.

Aaron Hernandez

Aaron Josef Hernandez (November 6, 1989 – April 19, 2017), was an American football tight end and convicted murderer. He was born in Bristol, Connecticut. He was drafted by New England Patriots in 2010. 

In 2013, Hernandez was indicted for first-degree murder. He was found guilty of murder in April 2015. He was sentenced to life in prison without parole.

He committed suicide by hanging on April 19, 2017 in his prison cell.

Solidarity (Polish trade union)

Solidarity is a Polish trade union that began on 17 September 1980. It started at the Gdańsk Shipyard. Its first leader was Lech Wałęsa. It was the first trade union in a Warsaw Pact country that was not controlled by the Communist Party. It had 10 million members. This was one third of the number of people who worked in Poland. Solidarity helped Poland have fairer elections. These elections were important as the country became less communist.

Valery Belousov

Valery Konstantinovich Belousov (; 17 December 1948 – 16 April 2015) was a Russian professional ice hockey coach and player. He played for four teams between 1964 and 1987. At the time of his death, he was the head coach of the KHL's Traktor Chelyabinsk.

Belousov was born in Novouralsk, Sverdlovsk Oblast. He died on 16 April 2015, aged 66.

Attaphol Buspakom

Attaphol Buspakom (; 1 October 1962 – 16 April 2015), nicknamed "Tak" (), was a Thai national and football coach. He played for three teams between 1985 and 1998, and managed eight teams between 2002 and 2015.

Buspakom was born in Sattahip, Chonburi Province. He died from a blood infection on 16 April 2015 in Bangkok, aged 52.

Stanislav Gross

Stanislav Gross (30 October 1969 – 16 April 2015) was a Czech lawyer and politician. He served as the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 4 August 2004 to 25 April 2005. He was a member of the Czech Social Democratic Party (ČSSD), which he lead from 26 June 2004 to 26 April 2005.

Gross was born in Prague. He was married to Šárka Grossová and had two daughters. He was a Christian.

Gross died from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) on 16 April 2015 in Prague, aged 45.

Hardijs Baumanis

Hardijs Baumanis (10 December 1967 – 6 April 2015) was a Latvian diplomat. He served as Ambassador of Latvia to Lithuania and Azerbaijan from 2010 until his death.

Baumanis was born in Riga. He died on 6 April 2015 in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, aged 47.

Mariano Taccola

Mariano di Jacopo detto il Taccola (1381 – ca. 1453), called Taccola (the crow), was an Italian artist, engineer and administrator. He lived during the early Renaissance period. He wrote two important books, "De ingeneis" and "De machinis". These hand-drawn books have drawings of many new (for his time) machines. There are also descriptions of the machines. Leonardo da Vinci and other people used his books in the later Renaissance.

Mariano Taccola was born in Siena in 1381. His father was a wine merchant named Jacopo. His mother's name was Madonna Nofria (Bacci). The name he was given at his baptism was Mariano Daniello. Taccola himself used the name Ser Mariani Jacobi decti. He had many different jobs. Records show Taccola had been a wood carver who made church ornaments. He was a public official, a secretary to a hospital. Taccola was also a sculptor and an engineer. Most of the details about his life come from his books. Taccola started his first book, "De ingeneis", in 1419. He completed it in 1433. The book probably led to his being appointed supervisor of roads and hydraulic engineering. He retired from this position sometime in the 1440s. Taccola's second book, "De machinis", appeared in 1449. It contained updated drawings from "De ingeneis" as well as many new drawings. It appears he lived in Siena his entire life. Taccola received a pension from the city for his administrative work. In 1453 he stopped receiving his pension meaning he may have died that year. But in another document dated 1453 he wrote he had become a friar in the "Order of San Jacomo". 

Taccola was one of the first artist-engineers of the Renaissance. He invented a new way of making technical drawings. This is called an exploded-view. In these diagrams, an object's parts are shown separated and with indications of how they fit together. After Taccola died, his work was largely neglected until the 20th century. Only after 1960 were his works printed. This was based on the discovery of his original works in two museums. These originals were much better than copies, which scholars had been familiar with. Now their importance is more widely recognized. 

Taccola was familiar with several sienese artists and architects. Jacopo della Quercia was his daughter's godfather. He once interviewed the Florentine architect Filippo Brunelleschi and recorded it in one of his folios. Brunelleschi advised Taccola not to explain his inventions to others who did not understand machines. He said: "Therefore the gifts given to us by God must not be relinquished to those who speak ill of them and who are moved by envy or ignorance. To disclose too much of one's inventions and achievements is one and the same thing as to give up the fruit of one's ingenuity... the ignorant and inexperienced understand nothing, not even when things are explained to them; their ignorance moves them promptly to anger; they remain in their ignorance because they want to show themselves learned, which they are not"

(This edition reproduces Books III and IV of de Ingeneis)
(This edition also reproduces Books III and IV of de Ingeneis)



Azali

The Azali religion or Azali Babism (for short:Azali) is an Iranian religion founded in 1860s by Subh-i-Azal.

Azali is a monotheistic religion, beliving in one god. Its teaching comes from Abrahamic and old Iranian religions like Zoroastrianism and Indian like Buddhism, Hinduism and Sikhism

Both Azali and Baha'i Faith split from religion of bayan (Babism), but some people categoring the Azali religion as one of Babism divisions.

Oles Buzina

Oles Buzina (; 13 July 1969 – 16 April 2015) was a Ukrainian journalist, writer, and politician for the pro-Russia Russian Bloc party. He was a journalist for the Russian language tabloid newspaper "Segodnya".

Buzina was born in Kyiv. In 1992, he graduated from Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. He was married and had a daughter.

Buzina was shot and killed by masked men on 16 April 2015 in Kyiv, aged 45.

Lee Remmel

Leland "Lee" Remmel (June 30, 1924 – April 16, 2015) was an American football personality. He was known for working 62 years with the Green Bay Packers as a sportswriter and later a team employee (public relations, historian, spokesperson, and writer).

Remmel was born in Shawano, Wisconsin. He was married to Margaret "Noreen" Remmel from 1948 until her death on April 27, 2012.

Remmel died on April 16, 2015 in Green Bay, Wisconsin, aged 90.

Alexander Nadson

Alexander Nadson (; 8 August 1926 – 15 April 2015) was a Belarusian émigré social and religious leader. He was the Apostolic Visitor for Belarusian Greek Catholic faithfuls abroad from 1986 until his death. He became a priest in 1958 and worked in the United Kingdom for most of his life.

Nadson was born in the town of Haradzeya, Nesvizh Raion of the Minsk Oblast.

Nadson died on 15 April 2015 in London, aged 88.

Juan Carlos Cáceres

Juan Carlos Cáceres (4 September 1936 – 5 April 2015) was an Argentine jazz and tango musician, singer-songwriter, and painter. He began his career in 1977 and created "Tango negro". For most of his career, he worked and lived in France. He released 12 albums between 1993 and 2011.

Cáceres was born in Buenos Aires. He died from cancer on 5 April 2015 in Perigny, near Paris, aged 78.

Charlie Beasley

Charles P. "Charlie" Beasley (September 23, 1945 – April 11, 2015) was an American basketball player. He played for the Dallas Chaparrals (1967–70), Texas Chaparrals and The Floridians (1970–71) in the ABA for 281 games.

Beasley was born in Shawnee, Oklahoma. He was married and had a son.

Beasley died on April 11, 2015 in McKinney, Texas, aged 69.

Kayahan

Kayahan Açar (29 March 1949 – 3 April 2015), better known by his stage name Kayahan, was a Turkish pop music singer-songwriter. His career lasted forty years. He composed all of his own material and released more than eight best-selling albums.

Kayahan was born in İzmir. He was married three times and had two daughters.

Kayahan died from multiple organ dysfunction syndrome due to lung cancer on 3 April 2015 at a hospital in Istanbul. He was 66.

Lon Simmons

Lonnie Alexander "Lon" Simmons (July 19, 1923 – April 5, 2015) was an American baseball and football broadcaster. He worked for the San Francisco Giants baseball team and the San Francisco 49ers football team. He also played for three minor league baseball teams after World War II.

Simmons was born in Vancouver, Washington and grew up in Burbank, California. At the time of his death, he was living in San Francisco. He had four daughters.

Simmons died on April 5, 2015 in Daly City, California, aged 91.

John Toohey (judge)

John Leslie Toohey (4 March 1930 – 9 April 2015) was an Australian judge. He served as the Justice of the High Court of Australia from 6 February 1987 to 2 February 1998.

Toohey was born in rural Western Australia. He died on 9 April 2015, aged 85.

Perth Amboy, New Jersey

Perth Amboy is a city in eastern New Jersey. It is part of the New York City metropolitan area. At the 2020 census, 55,436 people lived in the city.

Perth Amboy was chartered in 1718. The city was incorporated on December 21, 1784.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Perth Amboy include:

Monkey Wrench (song)

"Monkey Wrench" is the first single from Foo Fighters second album "The Colour and the Shape". The song is about the ending of Dave Grohl's four year marriage to Jennifer Youngblood.

The song peaked at #9 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song was released on 28 April 1997 in the United States.

Everlong

"Everlong" is the second single from Foo Fighters second album "The Colour and the Shape". The song lyrics are about falling in love with a new woman. 

The song was released in the United States on 18 August 1997.

James Wan

James Wan (born 26 February 1977) is an Australian movie producer, screenwriter and movie director. He is best known for directing the horror movie "Saw" (2004) and creating Billy the Puppet. He also directed the movies "Dead Silence" (2007), "Death Sentence" (2007), "Insidious" (2010), "The Conjuring" (2013), "" (2013), "Furious 7" (2015), "The Conjuring 2" (2016) and "Aquaman" (2019).

Wan and Leigh Whannell served as executive producers for the "Saw" franchise with the movies "Saw II", "Saw III", "Saw IV", "Saw V", "Saw VI", "Saw 3D: The Final Chapter", "" and "Jigsaw". He was also a producer for the horror movie "The Curse of La Llorona" (2019).

Wan was born in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia. He is of Chinese ancestry. When he was seven, Wan moved with his family to Perth, Western Australia. He later lived in Melbourne, Victoria. He married Romanian-born actress Ingrid Bisu in 2019.

Fall River, Massachusetts

Fall River is a city in southeast Massachusetts. The city had a population of 94,000 at the 2020 census. Fall River was founded in 1803. In 1804 the town name was changed to Troy, named for Troy, New York. In 1834 the name changed back to Fall River.

A fire in 1834 destroyed the center of the village. The rebuilding effort is the origin of the city's motto "We'll Try". It became a city in 1854. Fall River became famous as a leading textile manufacturing center in the United States. It is also known for Battleship Cove, the world's largest collection of World War II naval vessels. It is the home of the USS Massachusetts (BB-59).

Fall River was also the home of Lizzie Borden. In 1893 she was put on trial for the axe-murders of her parents. She was found not guilty, but the people of Fall River treated her like an for the rest of her life.

Alien 3

Alien 3 (stylized as ALIEN) is an American science fiction-horror movie. It was released on 22 May 1992. It was the debut feature movie of director David Fincher. Alien 3 movie stars Sigourney Weaver, Charles Dance, Charles S. Dutton and Lance Henriksen. It is a sequel to "Alien" (1979) and "Aliens" (1986). Alien 3 was by followed by "" (1997).

The movie continues the plot of the 1986 movie Aliens. Heading back to Earth a spacecraft has flight difficulties. It crash lands on a planet called Fiorina 161. The crash kills everyone aboard except Lieutenant Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver). Fiorina 161 is a planet where the temperature averages forty degrees below zero. It was a maximum security prison colony. A group of ex-prisoners chose to remain on the planet. They belong to a sect identified as "an apocalyptic millennarian fundamentalist Christian sect." The first thing Ripley has to do is shave her head because of the lice there. She is threatened by being the only female on the planet. While waiting for a rescue ship it is discovered that one of the aliens Ripley and the others were fighting before has found its way to Fiorina 161. A pet dog is the first victim. Then ex-prisoners begin disappearing. They have no weapons to fight the alien monster, only fire. Then Ripley learns she has a little alien inside her. Worse, it's a queen capable of producing thousands of eggs. Ripley thinks it happened while she was asleep in her pod. The creature, called a Xenomorph, refuses to kill Ripley because of the embryo inside her.


The movie had a difficult production, with various screenwriters and directors getting involved in the project. Shooting began without a finished script. The movie was the big-budget debut for the young David Fincher. He was brought into the project after a proposed version with Vincent Ward at the helm was cancelled well into pre-production. Fincher had little time to prepare. The experience of making the movie proved agonizing for him.


Chris Lilley (comedian)

Christopher Daniel Lilley (born 10 November 1974) is an Australian comedian, television producer, actor, musician and writer. He is known for his creation and portrayal of several characters in the mockumentary television series "" (2005), "Summer Heights High" (2007), "Angry Boys" (2011), "" (2013), "Jonah from Tonga" (2014) and "Lunatics" (2019). He has also won the Logie Award for Most Popular Actor twice. 

Lilley was born in Sydney, New South Wales, and grew up in Turramurra. He lives in Melbourne, Victoria. 

Lilley made his debut in the "Big Bite" in 2003. He played a role of sports enthusiast Extreme Darren and the high-school drama teacher Mr G. 

He is a vegetarian.

Adjustable wrench

An adjustable wrench (US) or adjustable spanner (UK) is a wrench with a "jaw" of adjustable width. It can be used with different sizes of fastener head (nut or bolt). This type of tool may have other names in other parts of the world. 

Several people are claimed as its inventor. Edwin Beard Budding (1796–1846), an engineer from Stroud, England, is one. On 22 September 1885 Enoch Harris received US patent 326868 for his spanner that permitted both the jaw width and the angle of the handles to be adjusted and locked. Some countries refer to it as a "Swedish key" after Swedish inventor Johan Petter Johansson. In 1891 he got a patent for an improved adjustable spanner which is still used today. Johansson improved the 1842 invention of another English engineer Richard Clyburn. 

A monkey wrench is a heavyweight wrench in which the jaw width is set by a spinning ring fixed under the sliding lower jaw. In 1840, Worcester, Massachusetts knife manufacturer Loring Coes invented it. It was based on the wrench used on English 18th-century coach wheels. Coe patented it in 1841 and the tools were advertised and sold in the United States as "monkey wrenches".

Northern Sotho language

Northern Sotho ("Sesotho sa Leboa" in Northern Sotho) is an African language mainly spoken by people living in the Limpopo Province of South Africa. 

Northern Sotho is one of the eleven official languages of South Africa. It is spoken by almost 4 618 500 people, or 8.4% of South Africans at home (2011-census). Northern Sotho is part of the Sotho language family.

Sotho language

Southern Sotho ("Sesotho" in Southern Sotho) is an African language mainly spoken by people living in Lesotho and the Free State Province of South Africa. 

Southern Sotho is one of the two official languages of Lesotho and one of the eleven official languages of South Africa. It is spoken by almost 6,024,000 people, or 7% of South Africans at home (2011 census). Southern Sotho is part of the Sotho language family.

Southern Sotho contains many loanwords from Zulu.

Bolt

A bolt is a form of grooved fastener with an external helical male thread that engages the interior female thread of a nut. Bolts are closely related to, and often confused with, screws.

A screw is different from a bolt because it does not take a nut, and its helical thread is used to penetrate (cut into) a softer material (such as wood).

This distinction is not always clear, and sometimes screws are regarded as bolts without a nut.


Tswana language

The Tswana language (or Setswana) is a language spoken in southern Africa. About five million people speak it. It is a Bantu language. It belongs to the Niger–Congo language family within the Sotho languages. It is closely related to the Northern- and Southern Sotho languages.

Tswana is an official language of Botswana. Most Tswana speakers are in South Africa, where four million people speak the language.

Nut (hardware)

A nut is a type of fastener with a threaded hole. Nuts are almost always used with a mating bolt to fasten parts together. Because of this "nut and bolt" or "nuts and bolts" are a term which recognise their pairing.

Like bolt heads, their shape is usually hexagonal, because this is best for gripping with tools. Nuts are graded with strength ratings like their respective bolts. For example, an ISO property class 10 nut can support the bolt proof strength load of an ISO property class 10.9 bolt without stripping its thread (the inside spiral groove).

Corn snake

The corn snake ("Pantherophis guttatus") is a North American species of rat snake that kills small prey by constriction. 

Corn snakes are found throughout the southeastern and central United States. They are often kept as pets. They reach a moderate size of . In the wild, they usually live around 6–8 years, but in captivity can live to be up to 23 years old or longer. 

Corn snakes look similar to the venomous copperhead snake and are often killed because of this similarity. Corn snakes are harmless and beneficial to humans. They are one of the most common snakes kept as pets, alongside the garter snake and ball python. Corn snakes lack venom and help control populations of wild rodent pests that damage crops and spread disease. They can be distinguished from copperheads by their brighter colors, slender build and lack of heat-sensing pits.

Although the corn snake is distinguished by its bright red orange colored scales, possible mutations can occur completely rejecting these pigments, changing its appearance. The two-color mutations that are known to occur is albinism and anerythrism. Snakes that are homozygous for albinism lack the black pigment, and the ones that are homozygous for anerythrism lack the red pigment.

The corn snake is named for the species' regular presence near grain stores, where it preys on mice and rats that eat harvested corn. The "Oxford English Dictionary" cites this usage as far back as 1675. Some sources maintain that the corn snake is so-named because the distinctive, nearly-checkered pattern of the snake's belly scales resembles the kernels of variegated corn. Regardless of the name's origin, the corn reference can be a useful mnemonic for identifying them. Their diet in the wild mainly consists of rodents, small amphibians, birds and/or their eggs, other types of eggs, and so on. They're not known for eating insects, though. In captivity they're usually fed a steady diet of pinky mice and other types of creatures such as the ones above. 

6. Bechtel, H. (1989, July 01). Color Mutations in the Corn Snake (Elaphe guttata guttata): Review and Additional Breeding Data. Retrieved April 08, 2019, Journal of Heredity, Volume 80, Issue 4, July 1989, Pages 272–276,

Screw thread

A screw thread, often shortened to thread, is a helical structure. It is a ridge wrapped around a cylinder or cone in the form of a helix, with the former being called a "straight" thread and the latter called a "tapered" thread.

The tightening of a nut to a bolt is like driving a wedge into a gap until it sticks through friction and plastic deformation (how the surfaces of the two objects slightly squash together).

A screw thread is one of the six simple machines which give mechanical advantage. 

The mechanical advantage of a screw thread depends on its "lead", which is the linear distance the screw travels in one turn or revolution.

Planomicrobium glaciei

Planomicrobium glaciei is a species of bacteria. The cells are first coccoid. After some time they change to rods. The bacterium use the aerobic respiration with oxygen. The bacterium does not form endospores. It belongs to the gram-positive Firmicutes.

South Magnetic Pole

The South Magnetic Pole is the point on the southern hemisphere where the magnetic lines are directly pointing upward. In other words, if there were a magnet inside the earth axis (from north to south), the South Magnetic pole would be at its southern end. Because the magnetic field of the Earth changes, the exact location of this pole does as well. In 2020, it was estimated to be at , placing it off the coast of Antarctica. In 2015, it was at . That point lies outside the Antarctic Circle. Due to polar drift, the pole is moving northwest by about 10 to 15 kilometers per year. Its current distance from the actual Geographic South Pole is approximately 2860 km. The nearest permanent science station is Dumont d'Urville Station. Wilkes Land contains a large gravitational mass concentration.

1915 Football Championship Paranaense

The 1915 Football Paranaense Championship (in Portuguese: Campeonato Paranaense de Futebol de 1915) was the first championship edition of the Brazilian state of Paraná and southern Brazil.

The winner this year was the "International Football Club". It was a football club of Curitiba, extinct since 1924.
May 23 - International 2-0 America

International Foot-Ball Club

Robert Rietti

Robert Rietti, born Lucio Rietti and usually credited as Robert Rietty (8 February 1923 – 3 April 2015), was a British-born Italian actor, director and playwright. He was knighted by the Italian government.

Rietti died on 3 April 2015, aged 92

Jaroslav Holík

Jaroslav Holík (; August 3, 1942 – April 17, 2015) was a Czech professional ice hockey coach and former player.

Holik played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga for Dukla Jihlava. He won a bronze medal at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. He was also successful at the Ice Hockey World Championships, winning gold at the 1972 World Ice Hockey Championships in Prague, silver at the 1965 World Ice Hockey Championships in Tampere and 1966 World Ice Hockey Championships in Ljubljana, and bronze at the 1969 World Ice Hockey Championships, 1970 World Ice Hockey Championships, both in Stockholm, and 1973 World Ice Hockey Championships in Moscow.


Mariano Gago

José Mariano Rebelo Pires Gago (16 May 1948 – 17 April 2015) was a Portuguese electrical engineer and politician for the Socialist Party. He served as the Minister for Science and Technology from 28 October 1995 to 6 April 2002. He also served as the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education from 21 March 2005 to 21 June 2011.

Gago was born in Lisbon. He studied at universities in Lisbon and Paris. He was married and had a daughter.

Gago died a sudden cardiac death on 17 April 2015 in Lisbon. He was 66.

Alfred Eick

Alfred Eick (9 March 1916 – 12 April 2015) was a German U-boat commander for Nazi Germany during World War II. He commanded the attacks on at least eleven ships between 1943 and 1945. He was given the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.

Eick was born in Essen, Rhine Province, then-German Empire. He was also an accountant.

Eick died on 12 April 2015 in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, aged 99.

A’Lelia Bundles

A'Lelia Bundles (born June 7, 1952) is an African-American journalist and television executive. She is also an author and Emmy Award-winning producer. 

Bundles was named after A'Lelia Walker (1885–1931). Walker was her great-grandmother. Walker was also the daughter of entrepreneur and philanthropist Madam C. J. Walker. She graduated in 1970 from North Central High School. In 1974 Bundles graduated magna cum laude from Radcliffe College. She was inducted into Harvard's Alpha Iota chapter of the Phi Beta Kappa Society. Bundles received a master's degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in 1976.

During her senior year at Harvard, Bundles began working at as a news anchor for WTLC-FM. After completing her master's degree she went to work for NBC News as a producer. Bundles was assigned to the New York, Houston and Atlanta bureaus. Bundles produced The Today Show and NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw. She also was a producer in Washington, DC for two of NBC's magazine programs. They were co-anchored by Connie Chung and Roger Mudd during the 1980s. In 1989 Bundles went to work at ABC News. She was the bureau chief in Washington, DC. She was the producer of ABC's World News Tonight with Peter Jennings. Bundles was also the chair of a diversity council appointed to advise ABC News president David Westin. 



Urban heat island

An urban heat island, or UHI, is what happens when a city in urban area is warmer than the area around it. It happens because things in cities like concrete take longer to give off heat than things like trees, which are common outside of cities, because of urbanization. The urban heat island effect is stronger at night and when there is not much wind. Cities can be 3°C warmer than nearby countryside. 

In country areas, a large part of the incoming solar energy goes to evaporate water from vegetation and soil. But cities have less vegetation and soil. In cities, most of the sun’s energy is absorbed by urban building and asphalt paving. During warm daylight hours, there is less evaporative cooling in cities than in country areas. So, surface temperatures rise higher in cities than in country areas. 

Also, vehicles, factories, and industrial and domestic heating and cooling units give off more heat in cities. This problem is growing. This effect causes the city to become 2 to 10 F (1 to 6 C) warmer than surrounding rural areas.

Thunderbolt and Lightfoot

Thunderbolt and Lightfoot is a 1974 American crime comedy-drama movie. Clint Eastwood and Jeff Bridges play the title characters. This was the first movie directed by Michael Cimino. Jeff Bridges was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. This was his second nomination. This movie was released on September 2, 1974. Its reviews were good.


Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri

Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri ( "‘Izzat Ibrāhīm ad-Dūrī"; 1 July 1942 – 26 October 2020) was an Iraqi general and a commander of the Army of the Men of the Naqshbandi Order. He was an Iraqi military commander and was vice chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council until the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq. He was second in command of Iraq after Saddam's sons.

Between 1979 to 2003, he was the Vice President of Iraq during the Saddam Hussein regime. 

Douri was born in Ad-Dawr, Saladin Province. He was a Sufi Muslim.

Douri was apparently killed in a car bombing on 17 April 2015 in Tikrit, aged 72 but DNA tests failed to confirm his death. A year later, he appeared in a video sent to the press. 

Douri died on 26 October 2020 in Iraq from leukemia, aged 78.

Homo (disambiguation)

Homo is the taxonomic genus that includes modern humans ("Homo sapiens sapiens").
Homo may also refer to:


Nintendomagasinet

Nintendomagasinet (NM) was a Swedish video game magazine. It was published between the years of 1990 and 1994. The magazine contained news, reports and comics based on video games. It also had a subscriber-only "Power Player" supplement which consisted of game reviews. The comics were translations of the Nintendo Comics System comics. Later it changed to the Nintendo Power comics "Super Mario Adventures" and "The Legend of Zelda".

The first issue can be seen in the Swedish 1992 film "Jönssonligan & den svarta diamanten".

Zwartbles sheep

Zwartbles sheep are a large breed of domestic sheep. This breed first came from Holland in the north of the Netherlands. They were used to make sheep milk as well as lamb and mutton. They were often kept in the same fields as the dairy cattle. 

They were brought over to Great Britain in the late 1900s. They are not very common and now live in the north of England. The sheep have reddish brown wool, black legs with four white socks, a white tip on the tail, and a black face with a white stripe. They do not have horns. The lambs look the same but have jet black wool. These are a tame and friendly sheep, but are difficult to look after.

They are bred for their meat and not for their wool, because it is very dark and cannot be dyed. The meat from Zwartbles sheep does not have much fat and tastes sweet. 

The Zwartbles are large sheep: ewes (females) weigh an average of , and rams (males) . 
Being so large, they often have three or four lambs. Having so many babies can cause problems for the mother in giving birth. 

These sheep have become less popular in Holland. There are so few there that they are listed as being rare by the Dutch Rare Breed Survival trust in the mid-1970s. 
The first Zwartbles were imported to the United Kingdom in the early 1990s. A group for their farmers and owners, the Zwartbles Sheep Association, was formed in 1995.

Zwartbles are now mainly used for breeding lambs, and for their meat and wool. Already coming from the cold, wet, windy climate in the Netherlands, they can live in good health at various altitudes in Great Britain. Some Zwarbles are now shown in agricultural shows to be judged. The wool of these show animals is often trimmed to remove the brown wool tips. This leaves a tight black fleece showing as the primary colour.


Radcliffe College

Radcliffe College was a women's liberal arts college in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the female college attached to Harvard University. It was also one of the Seven Sisters colleges. 

It shared, with Bryn Mawr College, the popular reputation of students being both intellectually and independently minded. Radcliffe gave Radcliffe College diplomas to undergraduates and graduate students for the first 70 or so years of its history. 

In 1963 Radcliffe gave joint Harvard-Radcliffe diplomas to undergraduates. A formal "non-merger merger" agreement with Harvard was signed in 1977. Radcliffe was fully integrated with Harvard by 1999. Today, in Harvard University, Radcliffe's former campus is now the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study. The former Radcliffe housing at the Radcliffe Quadrangle is now in the Harvard College housing system. Under the terms of the 1999 agreement, the Radcliffe Yard and the Radcliffe Quadrangle will always keep the "Radcliffe" name.

Bethel

Bethel (, meaning "House of God") was a city in the Hebrew Bible. It was located in what is now the West Bank.

Shiloh (biblical city)

Shiloh was a city mentioned in the Hebrew Bible. It is located in what is now the West Bank. In the Bible, it was the first capital of Israel.


House of Rohan

The House of Rohan is a French noble family of viscounts, later dukes and princes. They come from the area called Rohan in Brittany. Their line descends from the viscounts of Porhoët. It is said to trace back to the legendary Conan Meriadoc. Through the Porhoët, the Rohan are related to the Dukes of Brittany. They also later developed ties with the French and English royal houses. They played an important role in French and European history.

In France there were generally considered to have been two individual lines, the Princes of Soubise and the Princes of Guéméné. Both had many other titles. Four Archbishops of Strasbourg were members of the family. The Princes of Rochefort descended from the Guéméné line. 

The great wealth of the family allowed them to build several palaces and townhouses. They built them in cities and countries in and around Europe. Well known examples of these are:


Sarona (colony)

Sarona was a German Templer colony in Tel Aviv, Israel. It is now a neighborhood of the city. It was one of the earliest modern villages established in Palestine.

Sarona was built in 1871. It was located northeast of Jaffa. Now, the land the former colony is in the center of Tel Aviv. Many people in the Templar communities became Nazi sympathisers before and after World War II. By 1948 authorities of the British Mandate had expelled them.

Today, the place has been renovated and renewed as a "shopping village, subtracting and entertainment."


Evolve (video game)

Evolve is a first-person shooter video game. It was developed by Turtle Rock Studios and published by 2K Games. The game was released on February 10, 2015 for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows.

On July 1, the game won the Best of E3 2014 "Best of Show", and it was also the winner of the "Best Console Game", "Best Action Game" and "Best Online Multiplayer" awards. On August 15, the game was awarded the most awards at the 2014 Gamescom Awards.

IGN rated the game a 9.0 out of 10. Vince Ingenito of "IGN" said that the game was "Turtle Rock has created a smart, asymmetric, multiplayer monster-hunting game that plays unlike anything else. It's tactically deep, bursting with character, and it offers a level of nuance rarely found in multiplayer shooters."

GameSpot rated the game 8 out of 5. Kevin VanOrd of "GameSpot" said of the AI: "[it] is strong enough to make playing offline matches rewarding on its own terms".


Nontron

Nontron () is a commune and a sub-prefecture of the Dordogne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France. It is the capital of the northernmost "arrondissement" of the Dordogne department.

The "Nontronite" is a mineral (a silicate mineral) rich in iron named after Nontron.

Nontron has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is in the centre of the Regional Natural Park Périgord Limousin ().

Nontron is surrounded by the "communes" Le Bourdeix, Augignac, Savignac-de-Nontron, Saint-Pardoux-la-Rivière, Sceau-Saint-Angel, Saint-Martial-de-Valette and Saint-Martin-le-Pin.

The inhabitants of Nontron are known, in French, as "Nontronnais" (women: "Nontronnaises").

With a population of 3,151 (2014), Nontron has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Nontron

Nontron forms, together with Saint-Martial-de-Valette, the urban area of Nontron with a population of 4,017 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Nontron, formed by 5 "communes" with a population of 4,653 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Nontron is a subprefecture of the Dordogne and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Nontron.

The "commune" is the administrative centre () of the "Périgord Vert Nontronnais" canton formed by 28 "communes".

It is part of the intercommunality "Périgord Vert Nontronnais" ().



Hardiness zone

A hardiness zone is an area where some plants can grow. The zones are categories based on the average coldest temperature in a given year. Plants in that category or one with a lower number can grown in that area.

Lane

A lane is a part of a highway that can be used by one line of vehicles. Most roads have two or more lanes, with at least one lane for traffic going each way. In Great Britain a narrow rural road is called a lane.

Some roads have a center lane to make it easier for cars and trucks to turn. There can also be turn lanes on the outer part of the road. If roads have more than one lane going in one direction, cars in the outer lanes usually go faster than cars in the inner lanes. Highways may also have express lanes that can only be used for certain types of vehicles, like those carrying two or more people. Lanes in most jurisdictions have rules for minimum and maximum lane widths. In the United States the Federal Highway Administration has recommended lane widths for US highways and interstates.

Traunsee

Traunsee is a lake in the Salzkammergut area in Austria. It is about long. The lake is wide and deep. This depth makes it the deepest lake in Austria. It also is the second largest lake in Upper Austria.

At the north end of the lake is Gmunden, the capital of the Gmunden district . At the south end of the lake is Ebensee. The other two towns around the lake are Altmünster and Traunkirchen. At the east side of the lake is the mountain Traunstein. It is high.

The first settlements around the lake go back to the fifth century. The Romans later called the Lake "Lacus Felix" (the happy lake). The first time the lake was mentioned in a document was in 909 AD. Then it was called "Trunseo".

The Traunsee is a popular destination for tourists. It is possible to swim in the traunsee. The water quality is very good. The average water temperature in August reaches . Other water sports are also possible: Sailing, Surfing and Diving. 
On a small island in Gmunden is the "Schloss Ort". It is a small, medieval Castle built in 1080.

Gmunden (district)

The Gmunden District (German: "Bezirk Gmunden") is a district of the state of Upper Austria in Austria. It is the largest district of Upper Austria with 1433 square kilometres (553 square miles). Gmunden has borders in the north with the districts of Vöcklabruck, Wels-Land and Kirchdorf an der Krems. In the south it has a border with the Styrian district Liezen. In the west it has borders with the following districts of the Salzburgerland: Sankt Johann im Pongau, Hallein and Salzburg-Umgebung.

The administrative center of Gmunden is in the town of Gmunden.

The district of Gmunden consists mostly of forests (54%). 17% of the area are used for agriculture. 3.8% of the area are bodies of water, like the Traunsee or the Hallstätter See.

The district was formed in 1896 from the juridical districts of Bad Ischl and Gmunden.

Gmunden is divided into 20 towns.

Ontario Highway 7

Ontario Highway 7 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from west to east and is divided into two parts. The western part starts at Highway 4 north of London and ends near Georgetown. This part is 154.1 kilometers (95.8 miles) long. The eastern part starts at the Donald Cousens Parkway in Markham and ends at Highway 417 in Ottawa. This part is 381.6 kilometers (237.1 miles) long.

Ontario Highway 8

Ontario Highway 8 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from west to east and is 138.5 kilometers (86.1 miles) long. The highway starts in Goderich at the junction with Highway 21. It shares the road with Highway 7 between the cities of Stratford, Kitchener and Waterloo. It ends near Hamilton, where it merges with Highway 5.

Ontario Highway 9

Ontario Highway 9 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from west to east and is divided into two parts. The western part starts at Highway 21 in Kincardine and ends at the junction of Highway 23 and Highway 89 near Harriston. This part is 73 kilometers (45 miles) long.

Ontario Highway 12

Ontario Highway 12 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It is 145.1 kilometers (90.2 miles) long and runs through several small towns. It starts east of the Greater Toronto Area in the community of Brooklin and continues north until it reaches Orilla. It then turns west until ending at Highway 93 near Midland.

Ontario Highway 24

Ontario Highway 24 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from south to north. It starts at Highway 3 in Norfolk County and ends in Collingwood, near the southern part of Cambridge. There are many accidents on the part of the highway between Brantford and Collingwood, where Highway 403 connects with Highway 24. This area can become extremely busy at times. This problem has become so bad that the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario is trying to decide how to improve Highway 24 at this part.

Ontario Highway 28

Ontario Highway 28 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from southwest to northeast and is 162.6 kilometers (101 miles) long. It starts at an intersection with Highway 7 about 7 kilometers (4.3 miles) east of Peterborough. It ends at the town of Denbigh at a junction with Highway 41. The highway originally continued south of Peterborough and into Northumberland County but in 1997 and 1998, the southern 63 kilometers (39 miles) of the highway was transferred to local control.

Mitchell, Ontario

Mitchell is a community in Perth County, Ontario, Canada. It is 20 kilometers north of Stratford and 60 kilometers north of London. The Mitchell Hawks of the Southern Ontario Junior Hockey League is based in the town.

Mitchell was founded in 1836 by William Johnston and John Hicks. It was incorporated as a village in 1857 and became a town in 1874. In 1998, Mitchell amalgamated with the Townships of Logan, Fullarton, and Hibbert to form the Municipality of West Perth.

Orillia

Orillia is a city in Central Ontario, Canada. It is 135 kilometers (84 miles) north of Toronto. It is between two lakes, Lake Couchiching and Lake Simcoe. According to the Canada 2011 Census, 30,586 people lived in Orillia. 

The Orillia City Council is in charge of governing the city and has eight councilors and a mayor. The Ontario Provincial Police has its headquarters in the city.

The Huron and the Iroquois lived in the area of Orillia for over 4,000 years. Nobody really knows how Orillia got its name. It might come from the Spanish word "orilla", which means the shore of a lake or river. Orillia was incorporated as a village in 1867. It became a city in 1967.

West Perth, Ontario

West Perth is a municipality in Ontario, Canada, located in Perth County. It was started in 1998, when the town of Mitchell and the townships of Logan, Hibbert, and Fullarton amalgamated. West Perth has an area of 589.42 square kilometers (223.72 square miles). According to the Canada 2011 Census, it has a population of 8,919.

Middlesex County, Ontario

Middlesex County is a rural county in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. According to the Canada 2011 Census, it had a population of 70,796. The county seat is in the city of London, even though London is politically independent of the county.

Middlesex County has eight incorporated municipalites: Adelaide Metcalfe, Lucan Biddulph, Middlesex Centre, Newbury, North Middlesex, Southwest Middlesex, Strathroy-Caradoc, and Thames Centre. There are also three reservations of the First Nations in the county: Chippewas of the Thames 42, Munsee-Delaware 1, and Onedia 41.

Stevie McCrorie

Stevie McCrorie (born 1985) is a Scottish singer, musician and firefighter. He is best known for winning the fourth series of "The Voice UK" in April 2015. 

McCrorie's first song was called "Lost Stars". It was released on 5 April 2015. He used to be a singer from 2010 until 2012 and again has had a new career since January 2015.

Central Ontario

Central Ontario is part of Southern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is between Georgian Bay and the eastern end of Lake Ontario. Its area is . The population was 1,070,644 in 2011. It is mostly rural. The southern part is more densely populated than the northern part. Some of the largest cities include Peterborough, Barrie, and Belleville.

There are five counties in Central Ontario:

Carrier-sense multiple access with collision avoidance

Carrier Sense Multiple Access With Collision Avoidance or CSMA/CA is an access method (or protocol, or rule) used in Ethernet networks. In CSMA/CA, before a host sends information on the wire, it will "sense" to see if the wire is free of signals. If the wire is free, the host sends a piece of test data on the wire to see if it collides with other data. If the test data does not collide, the host goes on to send the real data on the wire.

Mario Pirani

Mario Pirani Coen (August 3, 1925 – April 18, 2015) was an Italian journalist, economist, and writer. He was born in Rome. After the experiences with "", "Il Giorno" and "Il Globo", he participated, together with Eugenio Scalfari, to create "la Repubblica", a newspaper that became one of the first in Italy. He was also editor of L'Europeo from 1979 to 1980, succeeding Giovanni Valentini. In 1995 he won the Premiolino.

Pirani died in Rome, Italy, aged 89.

Tom McCabe

Thomas "Tom" McCabe (28 April 1954 – 19 April 2015) was a Scottish Labour Party politician. He was Minister for Finance in the Scottish Executive, and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Hamilton South until May 2011. 

He became an MSP in the first elections to the Scottish Parliament in 1999, later holding the positions of Minister for Parliament (1999–2001), Minister for Health and Community Care (2003–2004), and Minister for Finance.

McCabe died in April 2015 after a short illness, aged 60.

State Archive of the Russian Federation

The State Archive of the Russian Federation (commonly known as GARF) is a major national archive of Russia. It was established in Moscow in 1992. It acquired collections of the Central State Archive of the October Revolution. It also houses the Central State Archive of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. The archives contain collections covering the period from 1800 to 1993.


Israel State Archives

Israel State Archives is the national archive of Israel. The archive is located in Jerusalem. The archive houses about 400 million documents, maps, stamps, audio tapes, video clips, photographs and special publications.


Debt bondage

Bonded labour or debt bondage (or debt slavery) is a term used to refer to a situation where someone (a debtor) has to work for the person who lent him money. Generally, the conditions of this form of forced labour are close to slavery. Bonded labour is one of the most common forms of modern-day slavery-like conditions. Usually, the person working gets paid very little money in return for very hard work. Very often, the exact amount to be re-paid is not defined clearly. The person doing the bonded labour will never be able to pay off the debt through work. 

A regular work contract usually gives rights to the person being employed, and the amount of work. In a normal working contract, difficult, dangerous or exhausting work will usually get paid better. This is not the case with debt bondage. 

Debt bondage is banned by the Convention of United Nation on slavery in 1956.


Brive

Brive-la-Gaillarde, commonly called Brive, is the subprefecture of the Corrèze departement. Until 1919, the name of the city was Brive; since then it has been known as Brive-la-Gaillarde. About 50.000 people live in the city, and close to 100.000 in its urban area. The city goes back to antiquity; its name simply means bridge. In this case, the Corrèze was easy to cross at this place. Gundoald was elected king of Aquitaine in Brive, in the year 584.

Hotline

Commonly, a hotline is a telephone service, which offers specialized information. This information can be about how to deal with certain situations, but it can also be about the products of a company. The term originally came from a telephone which would automatically dial a pre-set number, once the receiver is lifted. Such telephones can still be found alongside highways, where they serve to call for help. Today, very often, hotlines are operated by call-centers. 

Erwin Waldner

Erwin Waldner (24 January 1933 – 18 April 2015) was a German footballer. He played for five teams between 1952 and 1967, including VfB Stuttgart.

Walder was born in Nürtingen, Baden-Württemberg. He died there on 18 April 2015, aged 82.

Uche Chukwumerije

Uche Chukwumerije (November 1939 – 19 April 2015) was a Nigerian politician for the People's Democratic Party (PDP). He represented the Abia North Senatorial District from 29 May 2003 until his death.

Chukwumerije was born in Abia State to a Christian family. One of his sons is Chika Chukwumerije (born 1983), a taekwondo artist and Olympic medalist.

Chukwumerije died from lung cancer on 19 April 2015 in Abuja. He was 75.

Elio Toaff

Elio Toaff (30 April 1915 – 19 April 2015) was an Italian rabbi. He was the Chief Rabbi of Rome from 1951 to 2002. From 1947, he served as a rabbi in Venice. He had a friendship with Pope John Paul II, and attended his funeral in April 2005.

Toaff was born in Livorno. One of his children is Israeli-Italian professor Ariel Toaff (born 1942 in Ancona).

Toaff died on 19 April 2015 in Rome, aged 99.

Natalie Bennett

Natalie Bennett (born 10 February 1966 in Sydney, Australia) is a former leader of the British political party, the Green Party of England and Wales. She was elected as the party's leader on 3 September 2012 and lead the party for four years, ending on 2 September 2016.

Heino Kleiminger

Heino Kleiminger (3 February 1939 – 16 April 2015) was a German footballer. He played for FC Anker Wismar, F.C. Hansa Rostock, and the East Germany national football team between 1956 and 1973.

Kleiminger was born in Wismar, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. His son Ralf Kleiminger (born 1963) was also a footballer. He survived a massive heart attack in 1997, and had a bypass operation in 1998.

Kleiminger died from cancer on 16 April 2015 in Rostock. He was 76.

Aharon Lichtenstein

Aharon Lichtenstein (23 May 1933 – 20 April 2015) was a French-born American-Israeli Orthodox rabbi, rosh yeshiva and writer. He was an authority of Jewish law ("Halacha"). He won the Israel Prize in 2014.

Lichtenstein was born in Paris and grew up in New York, United States. He studied at Yeshiva University and Harvard University. He married in 1960 and had six children.

Lichtenstein died on 20 April 2015 in Jerusalem, aged 81.

Claudius Aelianus

Claudius Aelianus (, modern Greek transliteration "Klávdios Elianós"; c. 175c. 235 AD), commonly Aelian () was a teacher from Latium. He was born around the year 170. He died after 220. Even though he was from Rome, he wrote in Greek. In English, he is often referred to as Aelian. 

Bernoulli distribution

The Bernoulli distribution is a probability distribution. It takes a value of 1 with probability "p" and a value of 0 with probability 1-"p". It is sometimes written as formula_1. It is used in probability theory and statistics. It is named after a Swiss scientist Jacob Bernoulli.

A Bernoulli distribution is useful because it can be used to approximate the outcomes of an experiment (such as tossing a coin) as a range of percentages. It represents a "yes or no" type experiment. If the experiment succeeds, then it is given the value 1. If the experiment does not succeed, it is given value 0. This can be used, for example, in tossing a coin, where "1" means it lands on "heads", and "0" means it lands on "tails" (or the other way around).

This distribution has only one parameter, the probability of a success ("p"). In fact, Bernoulli distribution is the binomial distribution with "n"=1, and "n" independent and identically distributed Bernoulli distributions also give rise to binomial distribution.


Fennoscandia

Fennoscandia or Fenno-Scandinavia is the region including the Scandinavian Peninsula, Finland, Karelia, and the Kola Peninsula. The term usually covers the countries Finland, Norway, and Sweden in their entireties. It also includes a part of Russia. Its name comes from the Latin words Fennia (which means Finland) and Scandia (which means Scandinavia).

Fennoscandia is different to both Scandinavia and the Nordic countries. Denmark is not in the Scandinavian Peninsula and Karelia and the Kola Peninsula are not a part of the Nordic countries. They are a part of Russia. The geography of Fennoscandia is very mountainous and rough. It is also very beautiful with sights such as fjords, which take up a lot of space in Norway. Socially Fennoscandia shows the historically close relationship between the Finnish, Norwegian, Russian, Sámi and Swedish people. It also includes the Karelia area which until near the end of the Second World War was part of Finland. Until 1956 much of the area was a Soviet Republic and it remains an administrative division of Russia.


Jonathan Crombie

Jonathan Crombie (October 12, 1966 – April 15, 2015) was a Canadian actor. He was best known for playing Gilbert Blythe in CBC Television's 1985 television "Anne of Green Gables" and its two sequels.

Crombie died in New York City, New York from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 48.


Ben Powers

Alton "Ben" Powers (July 5, 1950 – April 6, 2015) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Thelma Evans' husband, Keith Anderson, during the sixth and final season of the 1970s TV show "Good Times" (1978–1979). During the 1970s, he was a cast member of the TV comedy series, "Laugh-In".

Oscar Luigi Scalfaro

Oscar Luigi Scalfaro (; 9 September 1918 – 29 January 2012) was an Italian politician. He was the ninth President of the Italian Republic from 1992 to 1999, and later a senator for life.


Norm Crosby

Norman Lawrence "Norm" Crosby (September 15, 1927 – November 7, 2020) was an American comedian. He was known for co-hosting the Canadian television series "Everything Goes". His nickname was The Master of Malaprop.

On November 7, 2020, Crosby died of heart failure at his home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 93.


Frederic Morton

Frederic Morton was an Austrian writer. Originally, he was named Fritz Mandelbaum. He was born in Vienna, on 5th of October 1924, and died there on 20th April 2015. In 1939, the family emigrated to London, and later to New York. In New York, Morton's father changed the family name to Morton. In 1951, Morton came back to Vienna, where he wrote as a correspondent for the US press. 

Charlotte Douglas International Airport

Charlotte Douglas International Airport is a joint civil-military public international airport. It is located in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was the 6th busiest airport in the world, based on traffic movements in 2010. It was also the 23rd busiest airport in the world by passenger traffic in 2013. The airport was opened in 1936 as the Charlotte Municipal Airport. It was renamed the Douglas Municipal Airport after former mayor of Charlotte Ben Elbert Douglas, Sr. in 1954. It was the largest hub for US Airways. In 2015, US Airways was combined with American Airlines. Now, Charlotte is the 2nd largest hub for American.

Arvada, Colorado

The City of Arvada is a city in Jefferson County Colorado, USA. It is a suburb of Denver. The city population was 124,402 residents in 2020. Arvada is the seventh largest city in Colorado. The Olde Town Arvada historic district is located northwest of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver. In 1850 gold was discovered in Arvada. It was the first gold discovery in Colorado. News of the discovery set off a gold rush.


Richard Anthony

Richard Anthony, also known as Ricardo Anthony Btesh (13 January 1938 – 19 April 2015), was a French singer from Cairo, Egypt. He was known for singing the soundtrack of "A Good Year" and for his small acting roles in "Dallas" and "".

Anthony died in Pégomas, France, aged 77.

Raymond Carr

Sir Raymond Albert Maillard Carr FBA FRHS FRSL (11 April 1919 – 19 April 2015), known as Raymond Carr, was an English historian. His works were mostly about the history of Spain, Latin America, and Sweden. He was also Warden of St Antony's College, Oxford, from 1968 to 1987.

Bob St. Clair

Robert Bruce "Bob" St. Clair (February 18, 1931 – April 20, 2015), nicknamed "The Geek", was an American football player and politician. He played for the NFL team San Francisco 49ers from 1953 to 1963. He also served as mayor of Daly City, California from 1958 to 1961.

St. Clair was born in San Francisco, California. He was of Yaqui Native American ancestry.

St. Clair died after a short illness on April 20, 2015 in Santa Rosa, California. He was 74.

Janaki Ballabh Patnaik

Janaki Ballabh Patnaik (; 3 January 1927 – 21 April 2015) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Assam from 27 November 2009 to 11 December 2014. He was Chief Minister of Odisha from 9 June 1980 to 7 December 1989 and again from 15 March 1995 to 17 February 1999. He was a leader of the Indian National Congress

Patnaik was born in Rameshwar, Puri district, Odisha to a Hindu family. He married to Jayanti Patnaik from 1953 until his death. They had a son and two daughters.

Patnaik died from a heart attack on 21 April 2015 in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh. He was 88.

Viktor Korshunov

Viktor Ivanovich Korshunov (; 24 November 1929 – 17 April 2015) was a Russian movie and stage actor. His career started in the 1950s. He was awarded the People's Artist of the USSR.

Korshunov was born in Moscow. He married actress Yekaterina Yelanskaya in 1953. She died in July 2013. They had one son, actor Aleksandr Korshunov (born 1954).

Korshunov died after a long illness on 17 April 2015 in Moscow, aged 85.

Adams–Onís Treaty

The Adams-Onís Treaty (also called the Florida treaty) was a treaty between Spain and the United States of America in 1819. This treaty gave the state of Florida to the United States. It settled a standing border dispute between the two countries. It established the U.S- Mexican border. 

The treaty was considered a triumph of American diplomacy. It came at a time of increasing difficulties related to Spain's territorial boundaries in North America. This was with both the United States and Great Britain following the American Revolution. There were also tensions during the Latin American Wars of Independence. Florida had become a problem for Spain. It could not afford to send settlers or garrisons. 

The treaty was signed in Washington, DC on February 22, 1819. It was ratified in Madrid, Spain on October 24, 1820. The treaty actually went into effect on February 22, 1821. Madrid decided to cede the territory of Florida to the United States. This was in exchange for settling the boundary dispute along the Sabine River in Texas. The treaty established the boundary of U.S. territory. It recognized the claims of the United States through the Rocky Mountains and west to the Pacific Ocean. In exchange the U.S. paid residents' claims against the Spanish government up to a total of $5,000,000. The United States also gave up its claims on parts of Spanish Texas west of the Sabine River and other Spanish areas, under the agreements in the Louisiana Purchase. Adams-Onis was a key event in determining the U.S.-Mexico border.

1860 United States presidential election

The United States presidential election of 1860 was held on Tuesday, November 6, 1860. The election of President Abraham Lincoln served as a trigger for the outbreak of the American Civil War. The United States had been divided during the 1850s on questions surrounding the expansion of slavery and the rights of slave owners. In 1860, these issues broke the Democratic Party into three factions. Each group felt they could best defeat the Republican Party candidate. 
In April 1860 Democrats met in Charleston, South Carolina to select a candidate for the upcoming presidential election. The convention was in complete chaos. Northern Democrats wanted to nominate Stephen A. Douglas. Southern Democrats would not support him because he supported new states having the popular sovereignty right to choose whether they would allow slavery. The convention could not agree on a candidate. Later, in a separate convention, the Northern Democrats met again and chose Douglas. The Southern Democrats chose John C. Breckinridge. He was the Vice President of the United States under President James Buchanan.

Later, a third group, The newly formed Constitutional Union Party chose John Bell as their candidate. The party included a few southern democrats who were against slavery. It also included members of the Whig Party and the Know Nothing party. The Constitutional Union Party was against secession and neutral on the issue of slavery. Bell himself was an ex-democrat.

The Republican party saw an opportunity when the Democrats were split. They met in Chicago on May 16–18. William H. Seward was the favorite among many. Abraham Lincoln had become known as a result of his debates with Stephen A. Douglas. He had the advantage the convention was held in Chicago, the center of his support. After two ballots, there was no clear choice. On the third ballot the republicans chose Lincoln.

Lincoln's position on the issue of slavery was known from his senatorial debates with Stephen Douglas in 1858. In one debate he said, "I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free." One of his most memorable quotes he stated, "A house divided against itself cannot stand." Even so, he was considered a moderate on the issue of slavery. He knew he could not end slavery in the south in one step. Instead he only spoke out against slavery in new American territories.

Lincoln won the election with 1,866,452 votes. Douglas received 1,376,957 votes. John Breckinridge and John Bell shared the remaining 1,438,660 votes cast. Lincoln won the majority of the electoral college giving him the presidency. But he won without carrying a single Southern state. Before Lincoln's inauguration as president, seven Southern states declared their secession. In his inaugural address, Lincoln spoke to the Southern states. He said, "In your hands, my dissatisfied fellow countrymen, and not in mine, is the momentous issue of civil war". He went on to say, "The government will not assail you. You can have no conflict without being yourselves the aggressors. You have no oath registered in heaven to destroy the government, while I shall have the most solemn one to 'preserve, protect, and defend' it." Lincoln called them friends and told them we are not enemies. Unfortunately by this time Jefferson Davis was already the president of the Confederacy. They were later joined by Virginia, North Carolina, Arkansas, and Tennessee. Two states, Kentucky and Missouri, attempted to remain neutral.

On April 12, 1861, the first shots of the Civil War were fired at Fort Sumter, South Carolina.

Cătălina Ponor

Cătălina Ponor (; born 20 August 1987) is a Romanian artistic gymnast. She has won five medals at the Summer Olympics, three of them were gold medals.

<br>

Gregory Pardlo

Gregory Pardlo (born 1968) is an American poet, writer, and professor. His book "Digest" won the 2015 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.x In 2007, Pardlo's first book "Totem" received the American Poetry Review/ Honickman Prize. 

Parldo was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1968. He grew up in Willingboro, New Jersey. Gregory Pardlo received his B.A. in English from Rutgers University. In 2001, he earned his M.F.A. from New York University. He was the New York Times Fellow in Poetry. He has received other fellowships. He is a fellow at the New York Foundation for the Arts, the Cave Canem Foundation, the MacDowell Artist's Colony, the Seaside Institute. Also, the Lotos Club Foundation, and City University of New York. He received a translation grant from the National Endowment for the Arts. He is a Teaching Fellow at Columbia University.


Abdel Rahman el-Abnudi

Abdel Rahman el-Abnudi (, 11 April 1938 – 21 April 2015) was an Egyptian poet. Before his death, he worked on children's books. His best known work is "Death on the Asphalt". He was one of a generation of poets who wrote their work in the Egyptian dialect rather than in normal Arabic, the normal literary language.

Abnudi was born in Qena Governorate. He was married to director Attiyat El Abnoudy. He later married Nehal Kamal. He had two children, Nour and Aya.

Abnudi died from problems caused by brain surgery on 21 April 2015, aged 76.

Steve Byrnes

Steven Patrick "Steve" Byrnes (April 14, 1959 – April 21, 2015) was an American television announcer and producer. In 1985, he began his working on auto racing reporting, mostly NASCAR. In 2001, he began working with "NASCAR on Fox" as a pit reporter, and later became the host of Fox Sports 1's studio show "NASCAR Race Hub".

Byrnes was born in Chicago, Illinois and grew up in New Carrolton, Maryland. He was married to Karen Goines from 1993 until his death. They had a son, Bryson.

Byrnes died from head and neck cancer on April 21, 2015 in Fort Mill, South Carolina. He was 56.

Midge

Midge is a common term for many types of small fly. They are all in a suborder, the Nematocera.

They are found on practically every land area except permanently dry deserts and the frozen zones. Some midges, such as many Phlebotominae (sand fly) and Simuliidae (black fly), are vectors of various diseases. Others are prey items for insectivores, such as various frogs and swallows.

The highland midge of Scotland ("Culicoides impunctatus") is present in huge numbers. It is a significant blood-sucking pest. It is found in upland and lowland areas (fens, bogs and marshes) especially in the north west of Scotland from late spring to late summer.

The habits of midges vary greatly from species to species, though within any particular family midges commonly have similar ecological roles. Examples of families which include midges are:


Ibrahim Yusri

Ibrahim Yusri (20 April 1950 – 20 April 2015) was an Egyptian actor. He worked on movies, stage, and television. His best known movie was "The Terrorist" (1994).

Yusri was born in Giza. He graduated from the Higher Institute for Dramatic Arts in 1975.

Yusri died from kidney failure on his 65th birthday in Cairo.

Viktor Ahn

Viktor Ahn (; born November 23, 1985), also known as Ahn Hyun-soo () and Victor An, is a Russian short track speed skating athlete born in South Korea.

Dirndl

A dirndl [ˈdɪʁndl̩] is a type of dress worn by women in Germany, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Austria and South Tyrol. It is made to look like the traditional clothing that peasants from the Alps used to wear. Originally the term "Dirndl" meant girl in Bavarian. Now it can mean either the dress or a girl. It was also called a "Dirndlgewand". In the 1800s servant girls wore a very similar dress. They were very plain. A heavy, often dark colored dress was worn in winter. It had a long sleeve dirndl blouse and thick apron to go with it. In summer a light version was worn. Summer dresses were worn with a short puffed-sleeve dirndl blouse. Different styles were worn in different regions. The bow on the apron is tied on the left (she is single) or the right side (she is not single).


Sandra Izbașa

Sandra Raluca Izbaşa () (born June 18, 1990) is a Romanian gymnast. She has won two Olympic gold medals, at the floor event at the 2008 Olympics and at the vault event at the 2012 Olympics.

Tatiana Volosozhar

Tatiana Andreyеvna Volosozhar (, ; born 22 May 1986) is a Russian figure skater.

Honoré III, Prince of Monaco

Honoré III, Prince of Monaco (Honoré Camille Léonor; 10 November 1720 – 21 March 1795) was a reigning prince of the small state of Monaco. He succeeded his mother Louise Hippolyte and is to this day still one of the longest reigning European rulers.

The eldest surviving son of Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco and her husband Prince Jacques

In May 1732 he moved to Paris to be with his father till he was officially proclaimed the prince of Monaco. Antoine Grimaldi, the "Chevalier de Grimaldi", acted as regent for the prince between 1732 and 1784, when Honoré chose to live in Paris. This situation remained the same for half a century until Antoine's death in 1784,

On 5 June 1757 he married Maria Caterina Brignole a member of one of the most powerful and wealthy familys in the Republic of Genoa. The had two sons before divorcing in 1770.




Misako Uno

, known as Akane (茜) (born July 16, 1986) is a Japanese actress, product designer and talent agent. She is also a singer and dancer in the band "". She was born in Endokawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan. Uno grew up in there. Her father is a copywriter. She has been active since the 1994.

In 2006 Uno appeared in her first movie, Hollywood's "The Grudge 2" as a japanese student. 

In 2008 she played Keiko Endo (遠藤 恵子) in "Hitomi" (瞳) of the NHK television fiction show.

In 2010 Uno appeared in her second film "Rendez-vous (ランデブー！)" as the leading character. 

In 2011 her early life was into the english textbooks of japan's Ministry of science. 

In 2012 she played Akane Yabuki (矢吹 茜) in "Ume-chan Sensei" (梅ちゃん先生) of the NHK television fiction show. 

In 2013 she played Hoshino Tsukiyama (月山 星乃) in "Tokyo toy box (東京トイボックス)" of the TV Tokyo. Tsukiyama is the heroine.








Jean de La Fontaine

Jean de La Fontaine (; 8 July 1621 – 13 April 1695) was the first of the French fabulist. He was one of the most widely read French poets of the 17th century. He is known for his fables. These provided a model for later fabulists across Europe. They were also an example for numerous alternative versions in France and in French regional languages.

According to Flaubert, he was the only French poet to understand and master the subtleties of the French language before Victor Hugo. A set of postage stamps La Fontaine and the "Fables" was issued by France in 1995.

Dordogne (river)

The Dordogne () is a river in south-central and southwest France. The Dordogne river and its drainage basin was named as a Biosphere Reserve by the UNESCO on 11 July 2012.

The Dordogne has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 274 cubic metres per second at Bergerac.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Bergerac (1958-2011)

The Dordogne starts on the sides of the Puy de Sancy, Massif Central, in the "commune" of Mont-Dore, Puy-de-Dôme department, at an elevation of about .

It flows generally west through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region and the Dordogne department before flowing into the Gironde where it joins, in the north of the city of Bordeaux, the Garonne river to form the Gironde estuary, at about of altitude.
The Dordogne flows through 4 regions, 6 departments and 173 "communes". The main "communes" are:


The main tributaries (more than 50 km long) of the Dordogne river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Isle (river)

The Isle () is a river of south-western France that flows through the Haute-Vienne, Dordogne and Gironde departments, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is a right tributary of the Dordogne river.

The Isle has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 61.7 cubic metres per second at Coutras.

The Isle starts on the "Monts du Limousin", part of the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Janailhac, Haute-Vienne department, at an elevation of about .

It flows generally southwest through the Haute-Vienne, Dordogne and Gironde departments before flowing into the Dordogne river in Libourne at about of altitude.
The Isle flows through 2 regions, 3 departments and 66 "communes". The main "communes" are:


The main tributaries (more than 50 km long) of the Isle river are:



National Museum of History of Azerbaijan

The National Museum of History of Azerbaijan () is the national museum of history of Azerbaijan. It is the largest museum of Azerbaijan. It is in Baku, in the former mansion of Azerbaijani oil magnate and philanthropist Haji Zeynalabdin Taghiyev. It was founded in 1920.

Rose Greenhow

Rose O'Neal Greenhow (1813/1814– October 1, 1864) was a famous Confederate spy during the American Civil War. She was a socialite in Washington, D.C. before the war. Greenhow was friends with presidents, generals, senators, and high-ranking military officers. She used these friendships to pass along key military information to the Confederacy at the start of the war. In early 1861 she was put in control of a group of Confederate spies in Washington, DC. This was by Thomas Jordan, then a captain in the Confederate Army. Jefferson Davis, the Confederate president, gave her credit for helping the South's victory at the First Battle of Bull Run in late July 1861.

Greenhow was captured in August. She was placed under house arrest. But she continued her spying activities. In 1862 after an espionage hearing, she was imprisoned for nearly five months in Washington, DC. Then she was deported to the Confederate States. Greenhow traveled to Richmond, Virginia and continued to work for the confederacy. She sailed to Europe to represent the Confederacy in a diplomatic mission to France and England. She also wrote and published her memoir in London. The book was popular in England. She wanted to return to America. She took with her $2,000 in Gold. On her voyage back, her ship ran aground off Wilmington, North Carolina. A Union gunboat had chased them up the Cape Fear River. Greenhow and one other passenger tried to escape in a rowboat. Weighed down with gold she drowned when her rowboat overturned. She was honored with a Confederate military funeral.

In 1993 the women's auxiliary of the Sons of Confederate Veterans changed its name to the Order of the Confederate Rose. This followed a television movie the previous year. A new biography of her was published in 2005.

Dick Balharry

Richard "Dick" Balharry (24 May 1937 – 22 April 2015) was a Scottish conservationist, writer, and wildlife photographer. He was known for improving and protecting Scotland's natural landscapes. Just days before his death, he was given an award by the Royal Scottish Geographical Society (RSGS).

Balharry was born near Dundee. He died from cancer on 22 April 2015, aged 77.

Roy Mason

Roy Mason, Baron Mason of Barnsley, PC (18 April 1924 – 20 April 2015), was a British Labour politician and former Cabinet minister. He was Secretary of State for Defence and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland in the late 1970s.

Jeremiah J. Rodell

Jeremiah J. Rodell (September 28, 1921 – April 17, 2015) was a brigadier general in the United States Air Force that served as Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force from 1978 to 1980.

Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov

Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov () (May 29, 1965 – April 21, 2015) was a Russian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was known for his comedy movie "Luna Papa" (1999). He won a Silver Lion at the Venice Film Festival for his movie "Kosh ba kosh" (1993). 

Khudojnazarov died from a short illness in Berlin, Germany, aged 49.

Samuel Wilson

Samuel Wilson (September 13, 1766 – July 31, 1854) was a meat-packer from Troy, New York, whose name is likely the source of the personification of the United States known as "Uncle Sam".

Theodosia Okoh

Theodosia Salome Okoh (13 June 1922 — 19 April 2015) was a Ghanaian stateswoman, teacher and artist. She was known for designing Ghana's flag in 1957. She also played a leading role in the development of hockey in Ghana.

Tema

Tema is a city on the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic coast of Ghana. It is located east of the capital city; Accra. As of 2013, the population was 161,612.

Santa Rosa, California

Santa Rosa is a city in and the county seat of Sonoma County, California, United States. At the 2020 census its population was 178,127. In the beginning of October, 2017, a firestorm burnt 5% of the homes in the city, killing atleast 19 people.

Shiaphobia

Anti-Shi'ism (pronounced: Anti, She, ism) or Shiaphobia is the prejudice against or hatred of Shia Muslims. Shia Muslims make up somewhere between 10-13% of Muslims worldwide. Sunni Islam and Shia Islam split because the two groups have different beliefs about the type of person that could become a caliph, a top leader of Muslim peoples. Shias believe the leader should be related to the Prophet Muhammad. Sunnis however believe the leader should of been chosen for his ability to lead the community. 

The two groups have lived together peacefully for centuries. Shia and Sunni have not only lived together they have intermarried in many cases. But modern politics and recent events have sparked new fighting between the two groups. Modern Anti-Shi'ism violence is just a part of the overall conflict. It is one result of the collapse of authoritarian rule in the region.

Controlled burn

A controlled burn (sometimes also called a prescribed fire) is a fire that is started on purpose, and kept under control. It is done by people who are trained in controlling a fire, with the right equipment and the right weather conditions. It is done to help the environment or to make an area safer for people.

This is not the same as a practice fire, where a firefighter crew might start a fire in a house or other building that is going to be destroyed. They use it for practice, to learn how to enter a burning house safely and how to put out a house fire. Controlled burns, on the other hand, are done outdoors in forests or prairies.

There are several reasons why a controlled burn may take place. In some areas, there may be too much dry wood and dead plants. If a fire started there that was not controlled (like arson, an accident, or a lightning strike), that fire could become dangerous. So by having trained people there, and burning it carefully, then the fire won't be as hot and won't get out of control.

Another reason is to help nature. Some plants need fire so their seeds can start to grow, some animals prefer to live in places that have been recently burned, and sometimes it helps to get rid of weeds. Also, the ash on the ground is a quick fertilizer and helps return nutrients to the soil.

Sometimes it is done to help people. It can clear an area of brush and make it easier to see and move around. Hunter-gatherer people would do this to chase game into an area where they can kill the animal for food. This is becoming rare.

From the fire triangle, it is known that a fire needs fuel, oxygen and heat. To control a fire, removing one of these three things will cause the fire to go out. To keep the fire in the area it is supposed to be in, the fire can be smothered, removing oxygen. Or it can be sprayed with water, removing the heat. And the fire finishes when there is no more fuel.

Generally, the "back fire" is started first. This is the fire that burns into the wind, and moves slowly. This is a smaller, safer fire, and is easier to control. It can be started next to a trail or stream or other "fire break" that keeps the fire from moving downwind.

After the back fire is in place, then the "head fire" is started. It will burn downwind (travels with the wind). This will burn faster and hotter. When it reaches the back fire, there is no more fuel for the fire, and it dies out.

The list can depend on the group doing the burn, but often includes:


Gennadi Vengerov

Gennadi Aronovich Vengerov (; 27 August 1959 – 22 April 2015) was a Belarusian-born Russian-German actor and voice artist. He began acting in 1978 on stage, and later in 1987 on television and movies. He had over 150 credits to his name. He was also the Russian voice of the title character of "EVE Online" and appeared in the movie "Enemy at the Gates" (2001). In 1990, he moved to German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, and worked as a Deutsche Welle radio announcer.

Vengerov was born in Vitebsk. He served in the Soviet Army until 1983 when he moved to Moscow.

Vengerov died from lung and bone cancer on 22 April 2015 in Düsseldorf. He was 55.

Fastlane (2015)

Fastlane (2015) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on February 22, 2015 at FedExForum in Memphis, Tennessee. It was the first Fastlane event held by the WWE.

The main event saw Roman Reigns defeat Daniel Bryan to keep his spot in the WWE World Heavyweight Championship main event match against Brock Lesnar at WrestleMania 31.


Smith v. Allwright

Smith v. Allwright (1944), was a landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court. The decision made it unconstitutional to keep African Americans from voting in a Democratic Party primary in Texas. By extension it covered white primaries in all states. It overturned "Grovey v. Townsend" (1935) which had allowed the Democratic party to hold all-white primaries that excluded black voters.

The Reconstruction Amendments to the United States Constitution gave African Americans freedom from slavery, citizenship and the right to vote. But many former slave states came up with ways to keep blacks from voting. These included poll taxes, literacy tests and complex voter registration laws. While these worked in most southern states, it did not work in Texas. The party needed the Hispanic vote but wanted to exclude blacks. They needed also to split the black and hispanic vote. Texas, like most southern states, was a one-party state. The Democratic party controlled politics. The state and local primary elections decided which candidate would ultimately win office in the general election. Democrats in Texas used the "white primary" to serve their purposes. It prohibited non-whites from joining the Democratic party and taking part in primary elections. It could be used also to exclude Mexican Americans in areas of the state where the party did not need them. The Reconstruction Amendments applied to the state. But in "Grovey v. Townsend" the state of Texas was allowed to pass on its responsibility for protecting black voter rights to a private organization—the Democratic party. This allowed Texas to use the all-white primary.

In another decision, "Grovey v. Townsend" (1935), the Supreme Court decided that the Democratic Party was a private organization. Their state convention could decide who can be a member. Lonnie E. Smith, a Houston dentist, and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) decided to fight this decision. 

In Smith v. Allwright (1944), the court overturned the Grovey ruling. A majority of the justices decided that the Democratic party was more than a private organization. It was a part of the election process in Texas. For this reason the court said that it was unconstitutional to stop African Americans from voting in the Democratic primary.


Cindy Yang

Peng Hsin-yi (; 4 December 1990 – 21 April 2015), better known by her stage name Cindy Yang (Chinese: 楊又穎), was a Taiwanese actress and model. She was known for her appearances on "100% Entertainment" and the movie "First of May" (2015).

Yang was born in Taichung. She was the daughter of politician Peng Tso-kwei. She committed suicide by helium inhalation on 21 April 2015, aged 24. Her funeral was held on 24 April.

Ali Abu Mukhammad

Ali Abu Mukhammad (), also known as Ali Abu Muhammad al-Dagestani, born Aliaskhab Alibulatovich Kebekov (), was a Dagestani militant Islamist in Russia and the leader of the Caucasus Emirate following the death of inaugural leader Dokka Umarov. The United States Department of State added Kebekov to its list of Specially Designated Global Terrorists on March 25, 2015. 

On 19 April 2015, Ali Abu Mukhammad was killed by Russian security forces during special operations near Buynaksk.

Sixto Valencia Burgos

Sixto Valencia Burgos (March 28, 1934 – April 23, 2015) was a Mexican cartoon artist. He was born and died in Mexico City. He was best known for drawing famed Mexican cartoon character Memín Pinguín. He also worked as a cartoonist for "MAD" magazine.


M. H. Abrams

Meyer (Mike) Howard Abrams (July 23, 1912 – April 21, 2015), usually cited as M. H. Abrams, was an American literary critic. He was known for works on Romanticism, in particular his book "The Mirror and the Lamp". 

Abrams died in Ithaca, New York, aged 102.

Long Branch, New Jersey

Long Branch is a city in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city's population was 31,667.

Aziz Asli

Aziz Aslimanesh (‎; 9 April 1938 – 23 April 2015), better known as Aziz Asli, was an Iranian football goalkeeper, manager, painter, and actor. He played for teams such as Persepolis F.C. and his country from the late 1940s until the early 1970s. He managed Zob Ahan Isfahan F.C. for a short time. He also acted in movies before the Islamic Revolution.

Asli was born in Tabriz. He was of Azerbaijani ancestry. He died on 23 April 2015 in Munich, Germany, aged 77.


Desert locust

The desert locust ("Schistocerca gregaria") is a species of locust. Plagues of desert locusts threaten agricultural production in Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. They have done so for centuries. The livelihood of one-tenth of the world’s human population may be affected by this voracious insect. The destructive swarms of locusts do not form every year, but only when conditions are right for them.

The desert locust is potentially the most dangerous of the locust pests because of the ability of swarms to fly rapidly across great distances. It has two to five generations per year. The last major desert locust upsurge in 2004–05 caused crop loss in West Africa and reduced food supply in the area. The desert locust alone is not responsible for famines, but it is a contributing factor.

The insect does not have complete metamorphosis. Its larvae develop in stages called "instars". As the larvae get closer to adulthood, they are called "nymphs" or "hoppers". There are two kinds of hopper: solitary and gregarious.

In the solitary phase the hoppers do not group together but move about independently. Their colouring in the later instars tends to be greenish or brownish to match the colour of the herbage. 

In the gregarious phase the hoppers bunch together and in the later instars develop a bold colouring with black markings on a yellow background. The immatures are pink and the mature adults are bright yellow and fly during the day in dense swarms. 

The change from a solitary insect to a voracious locust pack usually follows a period of drought, when rain falls at last, and vegetation flushes in desert locust breeding places. The population builds up rapidly and the competition for food increases. 

As hoppers get more crowded, the close physical contact causes the insects' hind legs to bump against one another. This stimulus triggers a cascade of metabolic changes which move the insects from the solitary to the gregarious phase. When the hoppers become gregarious, their colouration changes from largely green to yellow and black, and the adults change from brown to pink (immature) or yellow (mature). Their bodies become shorter, and they give off a pheromone that causes them to be attracted to each other. This causes swarm formation. 

Pierre Claude Nolin

Pierre Claude Nolin (October 30, 1950 – April 23, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He was the Speaker of the Senate from November 27, 2014 until his death. He was also Senator for De Salaberry, Quebec from June 18, 1993. He was a member of Conservative Party of Canada.

Nolin was born in Montreal, Quebec. He studied at the University of Ottawa. He married Camille Desjardins in 1976. They had three children.

Nolin died from cancer on April 23, 2015 in Ottawa, Ontario. He was 64.

Razan Zeitouneh

Razan Zaitouneh or Zeitunah () is a Syrian human rights lawyer and activist. She was born 29 April 1977. In March 2013, Zeitouneh received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department. In December 2013, Zeitouneh disappeared in Syria.

Zaitouneh was part of the Syrian uprising. She documented human rights in Syria for the Local Coordination Committees of Syria. After the government accused her of being a foreign agent she went into hiding and her husband was arrested.

Zaitouneh finished law school in 1999. In 2001 started her work as lawyer, and she became a member of the team of lawyers for defense of political prisoners. In the same year, she was one of the founders of the Human Rights Association in Syria (HRAS). In 2005, Zaitouneh started SHRIL (the Syrian Human Rights Information Link), to report about human rights problems in Syria. In 2005, Zaitouneh became a member of the Committee to Support Families of Political Prisoners in Syria.

On 27 October 2011, Zaitouneh received the 2011 Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, together with four other Arabs. In 2011, she also received the Anna Politkovskaya Award. In 2013, Zaitouneh received the International Women of Courage Award.

In December 2013, pro-opposition websites said that Zaitouneh was kidnapped along with her husband, Wael Hamadeh, and two colleagues, Samira Khalil and Nazem Hammadi, in the opposition-held town of Douma to the north of Damascus. As of 4 February 2014, their location was still unknown. The identity of the kidnappers was not certain, although they were suspected to be from the Islamist rebel group the Army of Islam.



Gideon Eilat

Gideon (Gidi) Eilat (17 January 1924 - 21 April 2015) was a German-born Israeli military person. He was a former member of the Palmach. He was the commander of the third battalion of the Yiftach Brigade during the War of Independence. His highest rank was that of lieutenant colonel ("sgan aluf").

He was active in the Kibbutz Artzi movement. Eilat was one of the founders of the Civil Guard of the Israel Police Department. He was also a member of Kibbutz Beit Alfa.

Eilat was born in Königsberg, Germany (now Kaliningrad, Russia). He was raised in Tel Aviv, Israel. Eilat died at a hospital in Beit Alfa, Israel at the age of 91.

Alpine, Texas

Alpine is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Brewster County. About 6,035 people lived there in 2020.

Alpine was first named Osborn for the part of the railroad that it was near. From 1883 to 1888, Alpine was named Murphyville, for the owners of the land where the spring was that the railroad used to get water for its steam locomotives.

Sul Ross State University opened in Alpine in Summer of 1920. Big Bend National Park was started near Alpine on June 12, 1944. Both of these things forced people to move to Alpine.

Francis Tsai

Francis Tsai (April 14, 1967 – April 23, 2015) was an American comic book artist, illustrator, author and conceptual artist. He was of Taiwanese and Japanese ancestry. Tsai also contributed covers and interior art for Marvel Comics.

Tsai was from Honolulu, Hawaii.

Tsai provided interior artwork for a number of "Dungeons & Dragons" manuals for Wizards of the Coast, including "", "Monster Manual III", "d20 Future", "Races of Eberron", "Lost Empires of Faerûn", "Explorer's Handbook", "Tome of Magic: Pact, Shadow, and Truename Magic", "Power of Faerûn", and "d20 Future Tech".

He also worked on movies such as "Sucker Punch" and "TMNT - Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".

In 2010, at the age of 42, Tsai was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease. He died April 23, 2015.


Robert P. Casey

Robert Patrick "Bob" Casey, Sr. (January 9, 1932 – May 30, 2000) was an American politician from Pennsylvania. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 42nd Governor of Pennsylvania from 1987 to 1995. He previously served as a state senator (1963–68) and Auditor General of Pennsylvania (1969–77).

Casey died at the age of 68 from a rare disease called amyloidosis in Scranton, Pennsylvania.

Richard Corliss

Richard Nelson Corliss (March 6, 1944 – April 23, 2015) was an American movie critic. He was one of several editors of "Time" magazine who focused on movies, with occasional articles on other subjects. He created the widely used term "Drop Dead Gorgeous" in 1985 when describing Michelle Pfeiffer's performance in the movie, "Into the Night".

Corliss died in New York City, New York from a stroke, aged 71.


Władysław Bartoszewski

Władysław Bartoszewski (February 19, 1922 in Warsaw – April 24, 2015 in Warsaw) was a Polish politician, social activist, journalist, writer, historian, former Auschwitz concentration camp prisoner, World War II Resistance fighter, Polish underground activist, participant of the Warsaw Uprising, twice the Minister of Foreign Affairs, chevalier of the Order of the White Eagle, and an honorary citizen of Israel and a member of the International Honorary Council of the European Academy of Diplomacy.

Peter Howell (actor)

Peter Howell (1919 – 20 April 2015) was an English actor. He was known for his appearances on "Emergency – Ward 10", "The Avengers", "The Prisoner", "Doctor Who", "The Lord of the Rings", and "Yes Minister".

Howell was born in London. He died after a short illness on 20 April 2015 in Northwood, aged 95/96.

Rex Robinson (actor)

Rex Robinson (1926 – April 2015) was a British actor. He was best known for appearing in three "Doctor Who" serials in the 1970s, all directed by Australian Lennie Mayne. He also appeared in television series such as "Z-Cars", "The Onedin Line", Within These Walls, "Terry and June", The Professionals, "Only Fools and Horses", and Yes Minister. He also appeared in the movie "" (1987).

Robinson was born in Derby, Derbyshire. He was married to actress Patricia Prior until his death. He died in April 2015, aged 89.

Lennie Mayne

Leonard Edward "Lennie" Mayne (8 November 1927 – 20 May 1977) was an Australian television director. He was best known for directing four "Doctor Who" serials, "The Curse of Peladon" (1972), "The Three Doctors" (1972), "The Monster of Peladon" (1974) and "The Hand of Fear" (1976). He also worked on television series such as Dr. Finlay's Casebook, "Warship" and "The Onedin Line". He was married to actress Frances Pidgeon, with whom he had twin daughters.

Mayne died by drowning in a sailing accident on the English Channel in May 1977.

His life is documented in the film, Looking For Lennie, which is featured on the Bluray release of the Doctor Who story, The Three Doctors.

Call of Duty: Black Ops III

Call of Duty: Black Ops III is a first-person shooter video game. The "Call of Duty" game was developed by Treyarch and published by Activision. The game was announced on April 9, 2015 and was fully revealed on April 26, 2015. It was released on November 6, 2015 on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Microsoft Windows and also on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.

Titan arum

The titan arum, "Amorphophallus titanum", is a flowering plant with the largest unbranched inflorescence in the world. 

The titan arum's inflorescence is not as large as that of the talipot palm, "Corypha umbraculifera", but the inflorescence of the talipot palm is branched rather than unbranched.

Due to its odor, which is like the smell of a decomposing animal, the titan arum is called a 'carrion flower', or 'corpse flower', or 'corpse plant'. For the same reason, the name 'corpse flower' is also used for the genus "Rafflesia" which, like the titan arum, grows in the rainforests of Sumatra. The function of the smell is to attract insect pollinators.

Both male and female flowers grow in the same inflorescence. The female flowers open first, and only lasts (or is "receptive") about 12 to 24 hours. Then a day or two following, the male flowers open. This usually prevents the flower from self-pollinating.

The popular name "titan arum" was invented by the broadcaster and naturalist Sir David Attenborough for his BBC series "The Private Life of Plants", in which the flowering and pollination of the plant were filmed for the first time. Attenborough felt that calling the plant "Amorphophallus" on a popular TV documentary would be inappropriate.

The record size is 3.1 m (10 ft 2.25 in) tall.

Talipot palm

Corypha umbraculifera, the talipot palm, is a species of palm native to eastern and southern India and Sri Lanka. It is also in Cambodia, Myanmar (Burma), Thailand and the Andaman Islands.

It is one of the largest palms in the world. Individuals have reached up to 25 m (82 ft) with stems up to 1.3 m (4.25 ft) in diameter. It is a fan palm (Arecaceae tribe Corypheae), with large leaves up to 5 m (16 ft) in diameter, with a leaf stem up to 4 m (13 ft), and up to 130 leaflets. 

The talipot palm bears the largest inflorescence of any plant, 6-8 m (20-26 ft) long, consisting of one to several million small flowers borne on a branched stalk at the top of the trunk. The talipot palm flowers only once, when it is 30 to 80 years old. It takes about a year for the fruit to mature, producing thousands of round, yellow-green fruit 3-4 cm (1.2-1.6 in) in diameter, each containing a single seed. The plant dies after fruiting.

Stand by Me Doraemon

Stand by Me Doraemon is a 2014 Japanese 3D animated movie, based on the popular manga and anime series Doraemon. It was released in Japan on August 8th, 2014.


Uherský Brod shooting

On 24 February 2015, a mass shooting happened at the restaurant in the town of Uherský Brod, Czech Republic. The gunman, 63-year-old Zdeněk Kovář, killed eight people and injured another. He was in the restaurant for around two hours ( 12:30 p.m.–14:23 p.m.) before the tactical team went into the building. After they entered the building, the gunman committed suicide (killed himself).

P-type semiconductor

A P-type semiconductor is a type of semiconductor. When a trivalent impurity (like Boron, Aluminum etc.) is added to an intrinsic or pure semiconductor (silicon or germanium), it is said to be a p-type semiconductor. Trivalent impurities such as boron (B), gallium (Ga), indium (In), aluminum (Al) etc. are called acceptor impurity. Ordinary semiconductors are made of materials that do not conduct (or carry) an electric current very well but are not highly resistant to doing so either, metalloids, such as Silicon (Si), Germanium (Ge), Arsenic (As), and a few other element commonly used for the main body of semiconductors. They fall halfway between conductors and insulators and so are called semiconductors. For an electric current to flow, electrons have to move through a material. In order to move, there must be an electron hole in the material for the electron to move into. A p-type semiconductor has more holes than electrons. This allows the current to flow along the material from hole to hole but only in one direction.

Semiconductors are most often made from silicon. Silicon is an element with four electrons in its outer shell. To make a p-type semiconductor, extra materials like boron or aluminum are added to the silicon. These materials have only three electrons in their outer shell. When the extra material replaces some of the silicon it leaves a hole where the fourth electron would have been if the semiconductor was pure silicon.

P-type semiconductors are doped with acceptors since they can accept electrons while N-type semiconductors are doped with donors since they 'donate' the free electrons. PN junctions such as diodes rely on the diffusion of electrons from N-type semiconductors to P-type semiconductors to function, only permitting current in one direction.

P-type semiconductors are made by doping the pure semiconductor material. The amount of impurity added is very small compared to the amount of semiconductor. The exact character of the semiconductor can be changed by varying the amount of dopant that is added. In p-type semiconductors the number of holes is much higher than that of thermally generated electrons.



Finger Plan

The Finger Plan () is an urban plan from 1947 which provides a strategy for the development of the Copenhagen metropolitan area in Denmark. According to the plan, all future development of Copenhagen would be along five 'fingers'. These grouped business areas would be near S-train commuter rail lines. The finger-line areas extend from the 'palm' which represents the dense urban area of central Copenhagen. Between the 'fingers', is land for agriculture and recreational use.

By the definition used in the Finger Plan, the metropolitan area has a population of 1,930,260 (1 October 2011). It has an area of over 34 municipalities.

In 2007 the Finger Plan was updated to the "Finger Plan 2007". This plan is written into the laws and is legally binding over Greater Copenhagen. The Finger Plan for 2007 does share the metropolitan area like this:


<br>

Mullumbimby

Mullumbimby is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is sometimes called "The Biggest Little Town in Australia".

High Rock Lake

High Rock Lake is a reservoir lake located in Davidson and Rowan counties of North Carolina. It serves as a border between them. It is a reservoir for hydroelectric power generation. It is the northernmost of the Uwharrie Lakes. High Rock is the second largest lake in North Carolina after Lake Norman. Its water surface covers and there are of shoreline. High Rock Lake begins at the confluence of the Yadkin River and the South Yadkin River. The lake's name comes from nearby "High Rock Mountain", the tallest mountain in the Uwharrie Mountains. High Rock Lake is currently managed and operated by the Alcoa company.

Pee Dee River

The Pee Dee River, also called the Great Pee Dee River, is a river in North Carolina and South Carolina. It originates in the Appalachian Mountains in North Carolina. Its upper course, above the mouth of the Uwharrie River, is known as the Yadkin River. It has a number of dams for flood control and hydroelectric power. The lower part of the river is named Pee Dee (in colonial times written Pedee). It is named after the Native American Pee Dee people. The Pee Dee region of South Carolina was named after either the tribe or the river. The first Europeans believed to have navigated part of the river was a party sent by Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón in 1521. They named it "River of St. John the Baptist ()."

Savannah River

The Savannah River is a major river in the southeastern United States. It makes up most of the border between the states of South Carolina and Georgia. The Savannah River drainage basin extends into the southeastern side of the Appalachian Mountains just inside North Carolina. It is bounded by the Eastern Continental Divide. It is formed by the confluence of the Tugaloo River and the Seneca River. Today this confluence is under Lake Hartwell, a man-made reservoir. From Lake Hartwell to the Atlantic Ocean the Savannah River is long.

Two major cities are located along the Savannah River: Savannah, and Augusta, Georgia. They were the center of early English settlements during the Colonial period of American history. The Savannah River is tidal at Savannah. Downstream from there, the river widens into an estuary. Then it flows into the Atlantic Ocean. The area where the river's estuary meets the ocean is known as "Tybee Roads". The Intracoastal Waterway flows through a section of the Savannah River near the city of Savannah.

<br>

Dan Fredinburg

Daniel Paul Fredinburg (September 8, 1981 – April 25, 2015) was an American engineer and Google executive. He was a product manager and head of privacy at Google X. He was born in Mission Viejo, California. From January 2013 to February 2014, he dated actress Sophia Bush.

Fredinburg died on Mount Everest in an avalanche caused by the April 2015 Nepal earthquake. He was 33.

Sid Tepper

Sid Tepper (June 25, 1918 – April 24, 2015) was an American songwriter. He was best known for working with with Roy C. Bennett, which created several hits for Elvis Presley. Between 1945 and 1970, Tepper and Bennett published over 300 songs.

He died on April 24, 2015, at the age of 96.

George C. Young

George Cressler Young (né Jung; August 4, 1916 – April 24, 2015) was an American lawyer and judge. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. Young was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Young was reassigned to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida on October 29, 1962. He served as chief judge from 1973 to 1981 and assumed senior status on October 19, 1981. 

Young died of a heart attack in Orlando, Florida, aged 98.

Sabeen Mahmud

Sabeen Mahmud () was a Pakistani human rights activist and social NGO worker. She was the founder and director of the Karachi-based cafe The Second Floor (T2F) and president of the Karachi branch of TiE. 

On 24 April 2015, she was shot dead by unidentified gunmen in Karachi while on her way home after attending a seminar.

Rustum Ghazaleh

Rustum Ghazaleh () also transl. from Arabic as Rostom Ghazale, Rustom Ghazalah, Rustom Ghazali; 3 May 1953 – 24 April 2015) was a Syrian military and intelligence officer. On 24 July 2012, Ghazaleh was appointed chief of political security.

Ismail Hussain

Ismail Hussain (1 April 1950 – 24 April 2015) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian Parliament representing the Barpeta (Lok Sabha constituency) for the Indian National Congress party.

Jim Fanning

William James Fanning (September 14, 1927 – April 25, 2015) was an American catcher, manager and front office executive in Major League Baseball. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

He was the first general manager of the Montreal Expos of the National League (appointed in August 1968), he served the Expos in a number of capacities for almost 25 years. He served as their field manager in 1981. He guided Montreal into the playoffs for the only time in the 36-year history of the franchise.

Fanning died on April 25, 2015, at his home in London, Ontario, aged 87.

Anton Vratuša

Anton Vratuša, born Vratussa Antal (21 February 1915 – 30 July 2017) was a former politician and diplomat. He was Prime Minister of Slovenia and Yugoslavia's ambassador to the United Nations. Vratuša died on 30 July 2017 at the age of 102.

Alfonso Oiterong

Alfonso Rebochong Oiterong (October 9, 1924 – August 30, 1994) was a politician from Palau. He was the country's Vice-President from 1981 to 1985. He was President from 2 July to 25 October 1985.

Ken Birch

Kenneth Joseph "Ken" Birch (31 December 1933 – 24 April 2015) was an English footballer. He played as a right-half for Everton and Southampton. Later, he led Welsh club Bangor City to victory in the Welsh Cup in 1962. He played from the 1951 until after 1963.

Birch was born in Birkenhead, Cheshire. He died on 24 April 2015, aged 81.

Wang Guozhen

Wang Guozhen (; 22 June 1956 – 26 April 2015) was a Chinese poet and painter. He began writing in 1985, and publishing in 1990. He released at least ten poetry books between 1990 and his death, most notably "Top Modem Chinese Poem: Wang Guozhen's 80 Poems in English Verse".

Wang was born in Beijing. His ancestral home was in Xiamen, Fujian. He graduated from Jinan University in 1982.

Wang died from liver cancer on 26 April 2015 in Beijing, aged 59.


Arrondissements of the Gironde department

There are 6 arrondissements in the Gironde department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 6 arrondissements of Gironde are:

Since its creation, the Gironde department has had some changes:

Arrondissement of Arcachon

The arrondissement of Arcachon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département". Its capital is the city of Arcachon.

The "arrondissement" of Arcachon was created on 6 December 2006, to begin on 1 January 2007, with four cantons taken from the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux.

The "arrondissement" of Arcachon is in southwestern Gironde, with an area of . It has 146,160 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Langon, to the south by the Landes department and to the west by the Atlantic Ocean ("Gulf of Biscay").

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Arcachon, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Les Landes des Graves. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Arcachon has 17 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Blaye

The arrondissement of Blaye is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Blaye.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Blaye was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Blaye is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the Gironde department, with an area of . It is in northern part of the department and it has 88,115 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Blaye is bordered to the north and northeast by the Charente-Maritime department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Libourne, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc. The Gironde estuary is to northwest of the "arrondissement".

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Blaye, there are only two cantons: 


The "arrondissement" of Blaye has 63 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Bordeaux

The arrondissement of Bordeaux is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Bordeaux.

When the "arrondissements" of Gironde were created in 1800, Bordeaux was one of them in the Gironde department.

The "arrondissement" of Bordeaux is in the centre of the Gironde department and it has an area of , and a population of 921,668 inhabitants; its population density is of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Bordeaux is surrounded by other "arrondissements" of the department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" Blaye, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" Libourne, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" Langon, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" Arcachon and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" Lesparre-Médoc.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": L'Entre-deux-Mers and Le Sud-Médoc. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Bordeaux has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:

Arrondissement of Langon

The arrondissement of Langon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Langon.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Langon was part of that original department, with the name of "Arrondissement of Bazas".

When the subprefecture was moved in 1926 from Bazas to Langon, the name of the arrondissement was changed to "Langon".

The "arrondissement" of Langon is in the southeast of Gironde, with an area of , the largest of the "arrondissements" of the department. It has 130,911 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Libourne, to the east by the Lot-et-Garonne department, to the south by the Landes department, to the west by the "arrondissements" of Arcachon and Bordeaux.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Langon, there are four cantons; only the canton of Le Sud-Gironde has all its "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Langon has 197 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:

Arrondissement of Lesparre-Médoc

The arrondissement of Lesparre-Médoc is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Lesparre-Médoc.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc was part of that original department, with the name of "Arrondissement of Lesparre".

The "arrondissement" was dissolved on September 1926 but it was again an "arrondissement" on June 1942 but with the name of "Arrondissement of Lesparre-Médoc".

The "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc is in the northwest of Gironde, with an area of , the second largest, after the "arrondissement" of Langon, of the "arrondissements" of the department. It has 86,560 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Charente-Maritime department, to the east by the "arrondissements" of Blaye, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Bordeaux, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Arcachon and to the west by the Atlantic Ocean ("Gulf of Biscay").

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc, there are only two cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Lesparre-Médoc has 50 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Libourne

The arrondissement of Libourne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Gironde "département" in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Libourne.

When the Gironde department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Libourne was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Libourne is in the northeast of Gironde, with an area of . It has 152,602 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Charente-Maritime department, to the east by the Dordogne department, to the southeast by the Lot-et-Garonne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Langon and to the west by the "arrondissements" of Bordeaux and Blaye.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Libourne, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Le Nord-Gironde and Le Réolais et Les Bastides. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Libourne has 129 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Bill Valentine

William Terry "Bill" Valentine, Jr. (November 21, 1932 - April 26, 2015) was an American professional baseball umpire. He worked in the American League from 1963 to 1968. Valentine was an umpire in the 1965 Major League Baseball All-Star Game. In his career, he umpired 947 Major League games.

Valentine died on April 26, 2015 in Little Rock, Arkansas, aged 82.

Tumbes

Tumbes is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Tumbes Region.

Piura

Piura is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Piura Region.

Sugar Land, Texas

Sugar Land is a city in Texas. It is in the big city area and Fort Bend County. It is one of the richest cities in Texas. It is growing quickly. It grew more than 40 percent from 2010 to 2020. As of the 2020 census, its population was 111,026. It is here that Miss Teen USA Katie Blair lived during her freshmen, sophomore and junior years. 

Sugar Land has a total area of 43 square miles.

Sugar Land has 111,026 people living there.


Chiclayo

Chiclayo is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Lambayeque Region. It has ten universities and six museums.

Trujillo

Trujillo is a city in Peru. It is the capital of La Libertad Region.

Huaraz

Huaraz is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ancash Region.

Huacho

Huacho is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Lima Region.

Ica

Ica is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ica Region.

Arequipa

Arequipa is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Arequipa Region.

Moquegua

Moquegua is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Moquegua Region.

Cajamarca

Cajamarca is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Cajamarca Region.

Huánuco

Huánuco is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Huánuco Region.

Cerro de Pasco

Cerro de Pasco is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Pasco Region.

Huancayo

Huancayo is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Junín Region.

Huancavelica

Huancavelica is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Huancavelica Region.

Ayacucho

Ayacucho is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ayacucho Region.

Abancay

Abancay is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Apurímac Region.

Abancay is located at an elevation of above sea level in the southern Peruvian Andes, above the Pachachaca River, and straddles the Marino River.



Puno

Puno is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Puno Region.

Chachapoyas

Chachapoyas is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Amazonas Region.

Moyobamba

Moyobamba is a city in Peru. It is the capital of San Martín Region.

Pucallpa

Pucallpa is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Ucayali Region.

Puerto Maldonado

Puerto Maldonado is a city in Peru. It is the capital of Madre de Dios Region.

Brian Ferlin

Brian Ferlin (born June 3, 1992) is an American professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Ferlin played parts of 2 years with the Indiana Ice of the United States Hockey League (USHL) and parts of 3 years of college hockey with the Cornell University Big Red. Ferlin won the Greg Ratushny Award for most promising freshman.

He was drafted 121st overall by the Boston Bruins in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. On April 11, 2014, Ferlin signed a two-year entry-level contract with the Bruins. He began playing for their AHL-affiliate, the Providence Bruins.

On February 20, 2015, the Bruins called Ferlin up and he made his NHL debut in a 5-1 loss to the St. Louis Blues. On February 22, 2015, Ferlin recorded his first NHL point when he assisted a Gregory Campbell goal in a 6-2 win against the Chicago Blackhawks.


Jayson Megna

Jayson Megna (born February 1, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League. He also played for Pittsburgh Penguins, Vancouver Canucks, and New York Rangers of the (NHL). He was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and grew up in Northbrook, Illinois.

Before playing in the NHL, Megna played 2 seasons with the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders of the United States Hockey League (USHL) and half a year of college hockey with the University of Nebraska Omaha Mavericks. During his time with the Mavericks, Megna was named to the WCHA All-Rookie Team.

He was not drafted but he signed a two-way contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins on August 1, 2012. He was sent down to play for their AHL-affiliate, the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins.

The Penguins called Megna up on October 24, 2013. Megna made his NH

L debut the next day in a 4-3 loss against the New York Islanders. On October 28, 2013, Megna recorded his first NHL point on a Tanner Glass goal and also scored his first NHL goal in a 3-1 win against the Carolina Hurricanes.

On July 10, 2014, the Penguins re-signed Megna to a one-year, two-way contract.

Mike Phillips (basketball)

Michael Charles "Mike" Phillips (March 24, 1956 – April 25, 2015) was an American basketball player. He played for teams such as Kentucky Wildcats and FC Barcelona between the 1970s and 1990.

Phillips was born in Akron, Ohio. He died after a fall at his home in Madisonville, Kentucky, aged 59.

Dickie Owen

Dickie Owen (26 March 1927 – 7 April 2015) was a British actor. He was known for his roles in "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "Z-Cars", "Zulu", "The Curse of the Mummy's Tomb" and "The Mummy's Shroud". He acted between 1959 to 1968. He died at the age of 88.

Ira Lewis

Ira Lewis Metsky (August 27, 1932 – April 7, 2015) was an American actor, writer, and playwright. He was best known for his one-act play, "Chinese Coffee", which opened at the Circle in the Square Theatre in 1992, starring Al Pacino. A movie adaptation of "Chinese Coffee", also starring Pacino, as well as Jerry Orbach, was released in 2000. His career started in 1955, and ended in 2004.

Lewis was born in Newark, New Jersey. He died from problems caused by open heart surgery in Edison, aged 82. At the time of his death, he was living in Westfield.

Vivian Nathan

Vivian Nathan (born Vivian Firko; October 26, 1916 – April 3, 2015) was an American actress. She was an original and founding member of the Actors Studio, which opened in 1947. She served on the Actors Studio's board of directors until 1999. She appeared in the original Broadway debut productions of "The Rose Tattoo" (1951) and "Camino Real" (1953). Her movie credits included "Klute" (1971).

Nathan was born in New York City, New York. Her husband, Nathan Schwalb, died in 2000 after 50 years of marriage.

Nathan died on April 3, 2015 in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 98.

Dishwashing liquid

Dishwashing liquid is liquid detergent. It is used for washing dishes. It is designed not to hurt people's skin while they are washing dishes. This liquid is useful for cleaning oil because dishwashing liquid reduces the surface tension of oil and, when washed with water, the oil can be washed away. It is also used to clean sea birds if they get covered in oil after a spill.

The main chemical in dishwashing liquid is phosphate.

Masudur Rahman Baidya

Masudur Rahman Baidya (1968 – 26 April 2015) was an Indian swimmer. He was the world's first physically handicapped swimmer to swim across the English Channel (1997), the Strait of Gibraltar (2001), and the Palk Strait (2010). He was a double amputee below the knees.

Baidya was born in Ballabhpur, North 24 Parganas, West Bengal. He has married and had two daughters.

Baidya died from a heart attack on 26 April 2015 in Kolkata, aged 46.

Catherine Bach

Catherine Bach (born March 1 1954) is an American actress. She acted as Daisy Duke in "The Dukes of Hazzard". She also played Linda in "Murder in Peyton Place".

She was born in Warren, Ohio.

Gordon Moyes

Gordon Keith Mackenzie Moyes (17 November 1938 – 5 April 2015) was an Australian Christian evangelist, broadcaster and politician. From 3 September 2002 to 4 March 2011, he was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, first for the Christian Democratic Party until March 2009. From November 2009, he was the Family First Party's only parliamentary representative in New South Wales.

Moyes was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He was married and had four children.

Moyes died on 5 April 2015 in Sydney, aged 76.

Christine Stewart

Christine Susan Stewart (January 3, 1941 – April 25, 2015) was a Canadian politician for the Liberal Party of Canada. She was member of the Canadian Parliament for Northumberland from 1988 to 2000. She was also the Minister of the Environment during the government of Jean Chrétien from 1997 to 1999.

Stewart was born in Hamilton, Ontario. She was also a nurse and graduated from the University of Toronto.

Stewart died on April 25, 2015 in Cobourg, aged 74.

Hojatollah Khatib

Hojatollah Khatib (‎; 1954 – 26 April 2015) was an Iranian sports administrator. He was the chairman of multisport club Persepolis Athletic and Cultural Club based in Tehran between July 2004 and December 2005. He was also a wrestling president. He died from cancer in Tehran, aged 61.

Izatullo Khayoyev

Izatullo Khayoyev (; 22 June 1936 – 26 April 2015) was a Tajik politician. He was the Vice-President of Tajikistan between December 1990 and 25 June 1991 and Prime Minister of Tajikistan between 25 June 1991 and 9 January 1992. He served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic from 4 January 1986 until 6 December 1990.

Khayoyev died on 26 April 2015 in Dushanbe, aged 78.

Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube

Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube (or Macaé E.F.C.) is a football club which plays in Brazil.



Bill Farmer

William "Bill" Farmer (born November 14, 1952) is an American voice actor, comedian and impressionist. He is best known for being the current voice of the Disney character Goofy, since 1986. He also voices Pluto, Horace Horsecollar and many other Disney characters. He was born in Pratt, Kansas. At age 10 he was already doing voice impressions. While in college he worked in radio and television. He worked as a stand-up comedian. In late 1986 he was one of hundreds of voice actors competing for a few roles at Disney studios. He got the voice acting job for Goofy, one of his favorite characters growing up. He has been the voice of Goofy ever since. In 2009 Farmer was named a Disney Legend.

Marcel Pronovost

Joseph Rene Marcel Pronovost (June 15, 1930 – April 26, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played in 1,206 games over 20 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons and for the Detroit Red Wings and Toronto Maple Leafs between 1950 and 1970.

Pronovost died on April 26, 2015, after a brief illness, aged 84.


Don Mankiewicz

Don Martin Mankiewicz (January 20, 1922 – April 25, 2015) was an American screenwriter and novelist. He was born in Berlin, Germany. He was the son of Sara (Aaronson) and the screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz. His 1955 novel "Trial" won the Harper Prize and was made into a movie of the same name.

Mankiewicz died of congestive heart failure in Monrovia, California, aged 93.

Émile Bouchard

Joseph Émile Alcide "Butch" Bouchard, CM, CQ (September 4, 1919 – April 14, 2012) was a Canadian ice hockey player who played defence with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League from 1941 to 1956. He is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, won four Stanley Cups, was captain of the Canadiens for eight years and was voted to the NHL All-Star Team four times.


Henri Richard

Joseph Henri Richard (February 29, 1936 – March 6, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played centre with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1955 to 1975.

Richard died on March 6, 2020 in Laval, Quebec of Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 84. After his death, his son sent his brain to be studied. Doctors said that Richard had Stage 3 chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).

Inês Etienne Romeu

Inês Etienne Romeu (1942 – April 27, 2015) was a Brazilian political prisoner. She was held in extrajudicial detention in a Brazilian torture camp in the early 1970s. Romeu has been described as the sole captive to survive the camp. 

Romeu died in Niterói, Brazil at the age of 72.

Larry Langford

Larry Paul Langford (March 17, 1946 – January 8, 2019) was an American politician and convicted criminal. He was the mayor of the city of Birmingham, Alabama serving from 2007 to 2009. He was serving a 15-year federal felony sentence at the time of his death.

He previously served on the Jefferson County, Alabama, Commission, including four years as the first African-American commission president. He also served as mayor of Fairfield, Alabama, and served one term on the Birmingham City Council.

Langford was a well-known television personality, having worked for then-local ABC affiliate, WBRC TV as the community's first African-American TV news reporter. In 2010, Langford began serving a 15-year federal felony sentence, the result of a highly publicized public corruption trial in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.

On April 27, 2015, Langford transported from his prison in Ashland, Kentucky to a hospital due to a case of pneumonia. Langford was rejected for an early release after describing himself as "terminally-ill".

He was granted compassionate release from prison in December 2018 due to his failing health and was hospitalized for respiratory failure and pneumonia in Birmingham. Langford died on January 8, 2019 at the hospital in Birmingham from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 72.


Logistic regression

Logistic regression, also known as "logit regression" or "logit model", is a mathematical model used in statistics to estimate (guess) the probability of an event occurring having been given some previous data. Logistic regression works with binary data, where either the event happens (1) or the event does not happen (0). So given some feature x it tries to find out whether some event y happens or not. So y can either be 0 or 1. In the case where the event happens, y is given the value 1. If the event does not happen, then y is given the value of 0. For example, if y represents whether a sports team wins a match, then y will be 1 if they win the match or y will be 0 if they do not. This is known as "binomial logistic regression". There is also another form of logistic regression which uses multiple values for the variable y. This form of logistic regression is known as "multinomial logistic regression".

Logistic regression uses the logistic function to find a model that fits with the data points. The function gives an 'S' shaped curve to model the data. The curve is restricted between 0 and 1, so it is easy to apply when y is binary. Logistic regression can then model events better than linear regression, as it shows the probability for y being 1 for a given x value. Logistic regression is used in statistics and machine learning to predict values of an input from previous test data.

Logistic regression is an alternative method to use other than the simpler linear regression. Linear regression tries to predict the data by finding a linear – straight line – equation to model or predict future data points. Logistic regression does not look at the relationship between the two variables as a straight line. Instead, Logistic regression uses the natural logarithm function to find the relationship between the variables and uses test data to find the coefficients. The function can then predict the future results using these coefficients in the logistic equation.

Logistic regression uses the concept of odds ratios to calculate the probability. This is defined as the ratio of the odds of an event happening to its not happening. For example, the probability of a sports team to win a certain match might be 0.75. The probability for that team to lose would be 1 – 0.75 = 0.25. The odds for that team winning would be 0.75/0.25 = 3. This can be said as the odds of the team winning are 3 to 1.

The odds can be defined as:

formula_1

The natural logarithm of the odds ratio is then taken in order to create the logistic equation. The new equation is known as the logit:

formula_2

In Logistic regression the logit of the probability is said to be linear with respect to x, so the logit becomes:

formula_3

Using the two equations together then gives the following:

formula_4

This then leads to the probability:

formula_5 

This final equation is the logistic curve for Logistic regression. It models the non-linear relationship between x and y with an ‘S’-like curve for the probabilities that y =1 - that event the y occurs. In this example a and b represent the gradients for the logistic function just like in linear regression. The logit equation can then be expanded to handle multiple gradients. This gives more freedom with how the logistic curve matches the data. The multiplication of two vectors can then be used to model more gradient values and give the following equation:

formula_6

In this equation w = [ w , w , w , ... , w ] and represents the n gradients for the equation. The powers of x are given by the vector x = [ 1 , x , x , .. , x ] . These two vectors give the new logit equation with multiple gradients. The logistic equation then can then be changed to show this:

formula_7

This is then a more general logistic equation allowing for more gradient values.


Mary Jane Veloso

Mary Jane Veloso (born 1984/85) is a Filipino maid. She was arrested and sentenced to death for apparently smuggling 2.6 kg of heroin into Indonesia. She was denied a pardon many times. She also said that she was innocent, and worked in Malaysia and Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Veloso was born in Nueva Ecija, Luzon. She was also once married and has two children.

Princess Charlotte of Wales (born 2015)

Princess Charlotte of Wales (Charlotte Elizabeth Diana; born 2 May 2015) is a member of the British royal family. She is the daughter of William, Prince of Wales, and Catherine, Princess of Wales. She is a granddaughter of King Charles III. She is a great-granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II. She was born at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London. 

She is the third in line to succeed King Charles III after her fathe, and older brother. She is the first member of the royal family born after the change to the law on 26 March 2015, which removed gender from consideration in succession. This means she is higher in the line of succession than her younger brother, Prince Louis. This is the first time a female has been in that position.


Andrew Lesnie

Andrew Lesnie (1 January 1956 – 27 April 2015) was an Australian movie cinematographer. He was best known as the cinematographer for "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy (2001–2003) and its prequel "The Hobbit" trilogy (2012–2014), both directed by New Zealand director Peter Jackson. He received the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on "" in 2002. He also worked on "I Am Legend" (2007) and "The Water Diviner" (2014).

Lesnie was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He died from a heart attack on 27 April 2015 in Sydney, aged 59.

Tommy Shane Steiner

Tommy Shane Steiner (born October 9, 1973 in Austin, Texas) is an American country music artist. He made his in 2001 with the single "What If She's an Angel". The song reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. It was the first of three chart singles from his singular album "Then Came the Night" which was released in 2002. The album peaked at No. 6 on the Country Albums chart.




Environmental migration

Environmental migration is a form of migration which happens because the environment changes where people live. These changes can be sudden (such as floods, droughts, earthquakes or volcanic eruptions), or they can happen over longer periods of time. An example of changes that occur only slowly are those of desertification or the rise of the sea level. 

People migrate due to the changes in their environment, and the find a new home. Did you know that Chinese people just migrated when there was the Coronavirus in China.

Despite problems in formulating a uniform and clear-cut definition of environmental migration, such a concept has increased as an issue of concern in the 2000s as policy-makers, environmental and social scientists attempt to conceptualize the potential societal effects of climate change and general environmental degradation. "Unless it is assumed" in order to consider a person a climate refugee, nature or the environment could be considered the persecutor.

Economic migration

Sometimes people move to a different county or region, because they think that they are economically better off. Economic migration happens for different reasons, for example:

Ms. Jackson

"Ms. Jackson" is a song by American alternative hip hop duo Outkast. The song was released on October 24, 2000. It was the second single on their fourth studio album "Stankonia". During an interview with "Vibe", André 3000 said about creating the song: "'Ms. Jackson' was an acoustic guitar song that I was doing at home. Then I just converted it over into something people could understand a little bit more."

On the "Billboard" charts, "Ms. Jackson" peaked at #1 on Hot 100, #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and at #13 on the Mainstream Top 40 charts.

The song won Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 44th Grammy Awards.

Keith Harris (ventriloquist)

Keith Shenton Harris (21 September 1947 – 28 April 2015) was an English ventriloquist.

Harris was best known for his television show (which ran between 1982 and 1990), audio recordings, and club appearances with his puppets Orville the Duck and Cuddles the Monkey. He had a UK Top 10 hit single in 1982 with "Orville's Song". He appeared in "When Louis Met..." with Louis Theroux. He won the second series of "The Farm" in 2005.

Harris was born in Lyndhurst, Hampshire. He was raised in Blacon, Cheshire. He was married four times and had three children.

Harris died from cancer of the spleen on 28 April 2015 in Blackpool, Lancashire, aged 67.


S-train

The S-train (, ) is an urban rail network which serves Copenhagen, Denmark and the surrounding area. It connects the city center to its suburbs. The railway they use is called S-banen (The S-track). The S-train is operated by DSB. The S-track has a length of about . There are 84 Railway stations, where 32 of the stations are in the central area. 

On weekdays all stations are served at least every 10 minutes until the evening. There are six main lines. There is one peak hour support line. Since most lines use the same path through the city core, train departures every second minute. On most suburb lines trains depart every five minutes. On Sundays these time intervals are doubled. Most trains have 8 cars but more can be added as needed. There are a total of 120 8-car trains.

Princess Gabriella, Countess of Carladès

Princess Gabriella of Monaco, Countess of Carladès ("Gabriella Thérèse Marie"; born 10 December 2014), is the twin daughter of Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene. She is second in line to the throne of Monaco. She was born at The Princess Grace Hospital Centre in Monaco. She was born two minutes before her twin brother, Hereditary Prince Jacques. She was granted the title Countess of Carladès by her father.


Templers (religious believers)

Templers are members of the Temple Society (). It is a German Protestant sect. Their roots are in the Pietist movement of the Lutheran Church. The Templers were expelled from the church in 1858. This was because of their millennial beliefs. Their aim was to realize the apocalyptic visions of the prophets of Israel in the Holy Land.

Christoph Hoffmann founded the Temple society in 1861. He had 60 followers when they left the Wuerttemberg state (Lutheran) church. Hoffmann believed his calling was to build Christian communities in the Holy land. They founded Templer communities at Haifa (1869), Sarona (1871) and Rephaim near Jerusalem (1873).

Capitalist Party

The Capitalist Party (Norwegian: "Liberalistene") is a political party in Norway that believes in Classical Liberalism. This platform pushes for a minimal government, personal liberty, and a free market.

Briard

The Briard (or Berger de Brie, Shepherd (dog) from Brie) is a French kind of dog. Originally, the Briard was used for herding livestock. The Briard is an old race of dogs, which is mentioned in a manuscript of the 14th century (about hunting). The Briards exist in different colors, the most common ones are pale brown and black. The Briard is a long-haired breed of dog; the short-haired Beauceron is probably the same race. The Briard is a working dog breed; it has also been used as a search-and-rescue dog, and in certain roles as a therapy dog, for example to help people with certain conditions, such as those with Post-traumatic stress disorder.

ARCNET

Attached Resource Computer NETwork (abbreviated ARCNET or ARCnet) is a communications protocol for local area networks. ARCNET was the first widely available networking system for microcomputers; it became popular in the 1980s for office automation tasks. It was later applied to embedded systems where certain features of the protocol are especially useful. It was first used in 1977. Arcnet uses a star-like topology, which is much easier to build and maintain than the bus topologies of other protocols developed later, such asEthernet. Original arcnet used coaxial cables, and a token-passing mechanism, much like token ring. At about 20 MBit/s maximum speed, ARCnet is much slower than other network protocols, such as ethernet. Because of its token-passing mechanisms, there are no collisions between packets. This makes it suitable for certain industrial applications, as well as for ohme automation, where it is still used.

Suzanne Crough

Suzanne J. Crough (March 6, 1963 – April 27, 2015) was an American actress best known for her role as Tracy Partridge, from the hit television sitcom "The Partridge Family", which ran from September 25, 1970 until March 23, 1974.

Crough was born in Fullerton, California. She was married and had two daughters.

Crough died on April 27, 2015 at her home in Laughlin, Nevada from cardiomyopathy, aged 52.

Candice Swanepoel

Candice Susan Swanepoel is a South African model.

In 2010, Swanepoel became a Victoria's Secret Angel. In 2013, she wore the "Royal Fantasy Bra", a multi-million dollar bra, during their annual fashion show.

Airbus A320neo family

The Airbus A320neo family is a new family of the Airbus A320 family being designed by the European aerospace company Airbus. The letters "neo" stand for "New Engine Option." The family will replace the Airbus A320 family of airplanes. It will be able to carry 160-240 passengers. The aircraft had its first flight on 25 September 2014.

2015 Baltimore protests

The 2015 Baltimore unrest (also known as the Baltimore uprising) were protests that began on April 25, 2015 in Baltimore, Maryland. The protests happened in response to the death of an African American man named Freddie Gray. Gray was 25 years old. He lived in Baltimore. He had been arrested for having a switchblade. He was in good health when he was arrested. Later, he had injuries to his spine and larynx as a result of being improperly secured in the police fan, ultimately leading to a coma. He died the following week.

Over 200 people were arrested. A state of emergency was declared in Baltimore. The city was later put under curfew.

Scarborough, Western Australia

Scarborough is a coastal suburb on the northern beaches of Perth, Western Australia.

Scarborough Beach is a popular beach in Western Australia. The beach has white sand made of sea shells and limestone. This makes the sand fine, not coarse. There is seaweed and reefs further out into the ocean waters.

To the south is Brighton Beach, and further to the north is Trigg Beach. Scarborough has full-time surfing and lifeguard volunteers present, throughout the warm and hot summer months.

Guy LeBlanc

Guy LeBlanc (October 16, 1960 – April 27, 2015) was a Canadian keyboardist and composer. He led his own progressive rock band Nathan Mahl. He also had been a member of the British progressive band Camel from 2000 until his death.

LeBlanc was born in Moncton, New Brunswick. He was married and had children.

LeBlanc died from kidney cancer on April 27, 2015, aged 54.

Antônio Abujamra

Antônio Abujamra (15 September 1932 – 28 April 2015) was a Brazilian theatre and television director and actor. His notable works included "Carlota Joaquina, Princess of Brazil" (1995), "Terra Nostra" (1999), "" (2000), "Começar de Novo" (2004), "Poder Paralelo" (2009), "Assalto ao Banco Central" (2011), "Brichos – A Floresta é Nossa" (2012) and "Corações Feridos" (2012)

Abujamra was born in 1932 in Ourinhos, São Paulo. He was of Lebanese ancestry. He majored in journalism and philosophy at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul in 1957. His son is musician André Abujamra (born 1965).

Abujamra died from a heart attack on 28 April 2015 in São Paulo, aged 82.

Seed drill

A seed drill is a sowing device that sows the seed precisely in the soil at proper depth and distance. Then it covers them with soil. It protects the seeds from birds and saves time and labour.

Jethro Tull is widely thought of as having invented the seed drill, though earlier the Sumerians used a single-tube seed drill, and the Chinese had also used a multi-tube seed drill. The use of a seed drill can improve the ratio of crop yield (seeds harvested per seed planted) by as much as nine times.

Behaviour therapy

Behaviour therapy is used for a number of methods of psychotherapy. Ivan Pavlov found that it is possible to "learn" how to react to a stimulus. His method is known as classical conditioning today. Behaviour therapy tries to use this knowledge to change the behaviour of people. In that way, people "learn" how to cope with their fears, for example. In a similar manner, people can be helped to cope with a number of mental disorders. One well known kind of behaviour therapy is exposure therapy: People with fears are "exposed" to them, and learn how to cope. As an example, someone who is afraid of spiders will be exposed to spiders. 

Marie Thérèse Louise of Savoy, Princesse de Lamballe

Princess Marie Louise Thérèse of Savoy ("Maria Luisa Teresa"; 8 September 1749 – 3 September 1792) was born a Princess of Savoy. She was later married to Louis Alexandre de Bourbon a member of the House of Bourbon. In France she was known as the "princesse de Lamballe". She was a close friend of Queen Marie Antoinette. She, like the queen, was killed in the French Revolution. There was national hatred of the Italian-born princess who, along with the Duchess of Polignac, were part of the queen's inner circle.

Maria Luisa was born in Turin in 1749. She was the daughter of a Prince of Carignan at the "Palazzo Carignano". She was the sixth of eight children. Her father was a distant cousin of King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia Maria Luisa's mother was a sister of the late Queen Polyxena. 

On 31 January 1767, she married by proxy Louis Alexandre, Prince of Lamballe. He was a grandson of Louis XIV's legitimised son, Louis Alexandre, Count of Toulouse. Louis was the only surviving son of Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre. She had arranged the marriage. During plans for her marriage she was known as "Mademoiselle de Carignan" in France. 

In 1768, at the age of nineteen, Marie Louise became a widow. Her husband died of a venereal disease at the Château de Louveciennes. He was known to have been fairly promiscuous and had many sexual partners. His widow inherited her husband's considerable fortune, adding to her wealth. She kept her title of duchess in her own right. Her husband was buried at the Chapel of Dreux outside Paris.

After the death of her husband she moved to Paris. She soon became a lady in waiting to Marie Antoinette, the new Dauphine. When Marie Antoinette became queen, Marie Louise became head of her royal household. She became a very close friend of the queen. During the decline of the monarchy she remained loyal to the queen. In 1789 the royal family was forced to leave the royal palace at Versailles. Marie Louise remained with them. She was in Bath, England but returned to Paris. When the palace was stormed in 1792, the royal family was arrested. Marie Louise was separated from the queen and sent to the prison at La Force. On September 3rd she was brought before a tribunal. It was demanded she sign an oath of loyalty to the New Republic. She also had to denounce the queen and the royal family. Marie Louise refused. She was taken into the streets and murdered. Her head was placed on a spike and displayed before the queen in her prison cell. Her head was buried with her body at the foundling's cemetery. 


She used the name "Maria Luisa' or "Marie Louise" in French. As a daughter of the Prince of Carignan, she is often "incorrectly" given the surname of Savoy-Carignan. That is incorrect as she was born a princess of the Duchy of Savoy and a daughter of a Prince of Carignan. The title was merely a courtesy title having no legal jurisdiction over Carignan which was known in .

"La princesse de Lamballe"

Otakar Krámský

Otakar Krámský (1 July 1959 – 25 April 2015) was a Czech hillclimbing racecar driver. He began his career during the early 1970s. He won three European Hill Climb Championship. 

Krámský died after his racecar crashed during a race in Styria, Austria, aged 55.


Jean Nidetch

Jean Nidetch (born Jean Evelyn Slutsky, October 12, 1923 – April 29, 2015) was an American businesswoman. She was the co-founder of the Weight Watchers organization. She founded the organization in 1963.

Nidetch died on April 29, 2015, in Parkland, Florida at age 91.

Rodrigo Gularte

Rodrigo Muxfeldt Gularte (13 July 1972, Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil – 29 April 2015, Central Java, Indonesia) was a Brazilian drug-trafficker. He was executed in Indonesia by firing squad for drug trafficking after being sentenced in 2006.

Jack Ely

Jack Ely (September 11, 1943 – April 27, 2015) was an American guitarist and singer. He was best known for singing the Kingsmen's version of "Louie Louie". Ely was born in Portland, Oregon.

Ely died at his Oregon farm residence on April 27, 2015 age 71, having long suffered from an unknown illness. "Because of his religious beliefs, we’re not even sure what it [the illness] was," his son Sean Ely said.

Verne Gagne

Laverne Clarence "Verne" Gagne (February 26, 1926 – April 27, 2015) was an American professional wrestler, football player, wrestling trainer, and wrestling promoter. He was the owner and promoter of the Minneapolis, Minnesota-based American Wrestling Association (AWA). He remained in this position until 1991, when the company folded.

On January 26, 2009, Gagne got into an altercation with Helmut Gutmann, a 97-year-old resident of the Bloomington, Minnesota facility where they both resided. According to Gutmann's widow, who was not present during the altercation, Gagne picked Gutmann up and hurled him to the floor, then broke his hip by pulling back on his body. Gutmann was admitted to the hospital, and died on February 14 from complications of the injury. 

On February 25, 2009, the older man's death was officially ruled a homicide by the Hennepin County medical examiner's office.

On the night of April 27, 2015, Gagne died in Bloomington, Minnesota at the age of 89 from Alzheimer's disease.


Xu Guangxian

Xu Guangxian (; November 7, 1920 – April 28, 2015), was a Chinese chemist and academician of the Chinese Academy of Science. He was former president of the Chinese Chemical Society. He was known as "The Father of Chinese Rare Earths Chemistry".

Gene Fullmer

Gene Fullmer (July 21, 1931 – April 27, 2015) was an American middleweight boxer and world champion. Fullmer began his professional career in 1951 and won his first 29 fights, 19 by knockout. His manager during many years of his career was his mentor, Marv Jensen, who encouraged many youth in West Jordan, Utah, to enter boxing as amateurs.

On April 27, 2015, Fullmer died at the age of 83 in his home in West Jordan, Utah surrounded by friends and family.

Calvin Peete

Calvin Peete (July 18, 1943 – April 29, 2015) was an American professional golfer. He was the most successful African-American on the PGA Tour, with 12 wins, before Tiger Woods. Peete was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Peete died of lung cancer, in Atlanta, Georgia on April 29, 2015, aged 71.


René Féret

René Féret (26 May 1945 – 28 April 2015) was a French actor, screenwriter, movie director and producer. He was known for his movie "Solemn Communion".

Ashura Hara

On April 28, 2015, Hara died from pneumonia in a hospital in Isahaya, Nagasaki.

Charles Martel

Charles Martel (c. 688 – 22 October 741) was a Frankish statesman and military leader who was Duke and Prince of the Franks. He was also Mayor of the Palace. Martel was the de facto ruler of Francia from 718 until his death. Martel was the illegitimate son of the Frankish statesman Pepin of Herstal. His mother was a noblewoman named Alpaida. Martel successfully asserted his claims as successor to his father as Mayor of the Palace. He continued and built on his father's work. He began the series of military campaigns that re-established Frankish power in Gaul. In foreign wars, Martel defeated and ruled Bavaria, Alemannia, and Frisia. He defeated the Saxons, and halted the Islamic advance into Western Europe at the Battle of Tours in 732.

Martel is considered to be the founding figure of the European Middle Ages. He was skilled as an administrator and warrior. Martel is often credited with a key role in the development of feudalism and knighthood. He was a great patron of Saint Boniface. Martel made the first attempt at reconciliation between the Papacy and the Franks. The Pope wished him to become the defender of the Holy See and offered him the Roman consulship. Martel refused the offer.

Although Martel never assumed the title of king, he divided Francia, like a king, between his sons Carloman and Pepin. The latter became the first of the Carolingians, the family of Charles Martel, to become king. Martel's grandson, Charlemagne, extended the Frankish realms to include much of the West. Charlemagne became the first Emperor since the fall of Rome. On the basis of his achievements, Martel laid the groundwork for the Carolingian Empire.

Deng Minghe

Deng Minghe (; 8 June 2006 – 28 April 2015) was a Chinese actor of yu opera. He was best known for opening the 2012 "CCTV New Year's Gala" on China Central Television (CCTV), performing a folk song. He also appeared in the Henan Television series "Liyuanchun" in 2010. He was born in Handan, Hebei.

Deng died from leukemia on 28 April 2015 in Beijing, aged 8. He had the disease once before and recovered after five rounds of chemotherapy in 2013. However, in February 2015, his condition got worse.

Deaths in May 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Emil Doepler

Emil Doepler the younger (29 October 1855 – 21 December 1922) was an illustrator, painter and teacher. Today he is seen as one of the people who influenced the Art Nouveau movement. Emil Doepler's father was Carl Emil Doepler. Doepler designed the coat of arms of the Weimar Republic. 


Matthias Kuhle

Matthias Kuhle (20 April 1948 – 25 April 2015) was a German geographer. He was also a professor at the University of Göttingen in Göttingen. He edited the book series "Geography International" published by Shaker Verlag.

Kuhle was born in Berlin. He died in an earthquake on 25 April 2015 in the village of Saurpani, Gorkha, Nepal. He was 67.

Marty Napoleon

Marty Napoleon (June 2, 1921 – April 27, 2015) was an American jazz pianist. He was best known for having replaced Earl Hines in Louis Armstrong's All Stars in 1952. He also worked with Gene Krupa, Phil Napoleon, Teddy Napoleon, Charlie Ventura, Kai Winding and Rex Stewart.

Napoleon was born in Brooklyn, New York City to Italian immigrants from Sicily. He died on April 27, 2015 in Glen Cove, Long Island, aged 93.

Synthetic genomics

Synthetic genomics is a type of genetic engineering. It makes genes which never occur in nature.

Synthetic genomics does not use naturally occurring genes. It may use custom-designed base pair series. In the future, it might use genetic codes that are not composed of the two base pairs of DNA currently used by life forms.

Synthetic genomics uses techniques from genetics research. Researchers can make long base pair chains cheaply and accurately on a large scale. This allows them to do experiments on genomes which do not exist in nature. They also use ideas in protein folding and high-end computing facilities. 

The J. Craig Venter Institute is working in this field. The team of about 20 researchers is led by Nobel laureate Hamilton Smith, DNA researcher Craig Venter and microbiologist Clyde A. Hutchison III. The Venter group has put together a semi-synthetic "Mycoplasma genitalium" bacterial genome by recombination of 25 overlapping fragments. This was done in a single step: 

Geneticists have made the first synthetic chromosome for yeast. "The genes in the original chromosome were replaced with synthetic versions and the finished man-made chromosome was then successfully integrated into a yeast cell".

Other companies, including one called Synthetic Genomics (company), have been formed to take advantage of the many commercial uses of custom designed genomes.

Ray Jackson (Aboriginal activist)

Ray Jackson (1941 – 23 April 2015) was an Australian Aboriginal activist and Wiradjuri elder. He was President of the Indigenous Social Justice Association (ISJA). He was a notable campaigner for the rights of Indigenous Australians. He was a member of the Stolen Generations.

Jackson died on 23 April 2015 in the suburb of Sydney of Waterloo, New South Wales. He was 74.

Gopulu

S. Gopalan, pen-name Gopulu (18 June 1924 – 29 April 2015), was an Indian illustrator and cartoonist. He was best known for his work for the Tamil humour magazine "Ananda Vikatan".

Gopulu was born in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu. He died on 29 April 2015, aged 91. His son outlived him.

St. Clement Parish (Ottawa)

Before the 1960s, Catholics all over the world prayed together in Latin. In the 1960s, the leaders of the Catholic Church decided that Catholics should pray together using their mother tongue instead of using Latin. Some Catholics still wanted to use Latin when they prayed together. A group of these Catholics were in Ottawa and asked Bishop Joseph-Aurèle Plourde to let them pray together in Latin. He said that they could. The group started to meet together in 1968.

When these Catholics started to meet together, they met at Precious Blood Sisters' Monastery. This was a large home for nuns. In 1984, the nuns could not share their home with them anymore. The group moved to a small building and called themselves St. Clement Latin Community. They stayed in the new building until 1993. At that time they were able to get a church building of their own. The new church was on Mann Avenue in the Sandy Hill neighborhood.

In 2011, Bishop Terrence Prendergast asked St. Clement Parish if they wanted to move into Ste-Anne Church. Ste-Anne Church was an old church building that was important to the history of Ottawa. The parish started to meet at Ste-Anne Church on June 3, 2012.

The St. Clement Parish also runs an event called Marie Reine du Canada Pilgrimage. During this pilgrimage, people walk 100 km from Saint-Joseph-de-Lanoraie to the church of Notre-Dame du Cap in Trois-Rivières. It is based on a similar pilgrimage from Notre-Dame de Paris to Chartres Cathedral in France.


Talossan language

Talossan is a constructed language created for the micronation the Kingdom of Talossa. In Talossan the language is called "Talossan".


Patachou

Henriette Ragon (10 June 1918 – 30 April 2015), better known by her stage name Patachou, was a French actress and singer. She appeared on stage, television and movies between 1953 and 2006. She also wrote at least twenty songs. On 1 January 2009, she was awarded the Legion of Honour.

Patachou was born in Paris. Her son, Pierre Billon (born 1946), is a songwriter.

Patachou died on 30 April 2015 in Paris, aged 96.

Gregory Mertens

Gregory Mertens (2 February 1991 – 30 April 2015) was a Belgian professional footballer. His position was central defender. He played in the Belgian Pro League, playing for Cercle Brugge (2011–2014) and Lokeren (2014–2015). He was born in Anderlecht.

Mertens went into cardiac arrest and collapsed on 27 April 2015 while playing a game against K.R.C. Genk. He died from heart failure on 30 April at a Genk hospital, aged 24.

Lennart Bodström

Ture Lennart Bodström (20 April 1928 - 30 April 2015) was a Swedish politician. He was born in Gothenburg. He served as the Minister for Foreign Affairs in Olof Palme's Social Democratic cabinet from 1982 to 1985. Following the 1985 election, Bodström was reassigned to the post of Minister for Education.

United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor

The United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor (UNMIT) is a peacekeeping operation that was created in August 25, 2006 by UN Security Council Resolution 1704. Its objectives are "to support the Government in consolidating stability, enhancing a culture of democratic governance, and facilitating political dialogue among Timorese stakeholders, in their efforts to bring about a process of national reconciliation and to foster social cohesion". The operation ended on December 31, 2012.

Killing of Eric Garner

Eric Garner (September 15, 1970 – July 17, 2014) was a man from Staten Island, New York City. He died in the same borough after a police officer put him in a chokehold for 15 seconds. The New York City Medical Examiner's Office found that Garner died partly because of the chokehold.

New York City Police Department officers talked to Garner because they thought he was selling cigarettes illegally. When Officer Daniel Pantaleo took Garner's wrist behind his back, Garner swatted his arms away. Pantaleo then put his arm around Garner's neck and pulled him backwards and to the ground. After Pantaleo removed his arm from around Garner's neck, he pushed Garner's face into the ground. Four officers went to restrain Garner, who said "I can't breathe" several times.

On December 3, 2014, a grand jury decided to not indict officer Pantaleo. This led to protests and rallies with charges of police brutality. As of December 28, 2014, more than fifty demonstrations had been held across the United States.

In the aftermath of Garner's death, his daughter Erica, Al Sharpton and many others began to protest against police brutality. Erica died of complications from a heart attack on December 30, 2017 at the age of 27.

Anticonvulsant

An anticonvulsant is a drug that is used to treat seizures which are commmonly associated with epilepsy. For this reason, they are also known as antiepileptic drugs or anti-seizure drugs. Many of these drugs act as mood stabilizers. For this reason they are also used to treat mood disorders, such as bipolar disorder. 

David Day (broadcaster)

David "Daisy" Day (1951 – 1 May 2015) was an Australian radio broadcaster. He began his disc jockey career at age 16 in Moree. He was best known for working on radio stations such as 5KA and Triple M from the 1970s in South Australia. In 2013, he published his autobiography, "Rock Jock". He was born in New South Wales.

Day died on 1 May 2015 in Adelaide, aged 63. He had health issues for some time before his death.

Thomas Perez

Thomas Edward Perez (born October 7, 1961 in Buffalo, New York) is an American politician, consumer advocate and civil rights lawyer. On July 23, 2013, he was sworn in as the United States Secretary of Labor. Perez is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously was the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division of the United States Department of Justice.

Perez announced his candidacy for Chair of the Democratic National Committee in the 2017 election on December 15, 2016. On February 25, 2017, Perez was elected Chairman on a second ballot. Minutes after being elected, Perez named Keith Ellison as deputy chair. He resigned in January 2021.

On June 23, 2021, Perez announced that he would be a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Maryland in the 2022 election. He lost the Democratic nomination in July 2022.

Ben E. King

Benjamin Earl "Ben" King (born Benjamin Earl Nelson; September 28, 1938 – April 30, 2015) was an American soul and R&B singer. He was best known as the singer and co-composer of "Stand by Me". The song became a US Top 10 hit in both 1961 and later in 1986 (when it was used as the theme to the movie of the same name).

King was born in Henderson, North Carolina and grew up in Harlem, New York City from age nine. He later lived in Teaneck, New Jersey. He was married to Betty from 1964 until his death. He had three children.

King died from coronary heart disease on April 30, 2015 in Hackensack, New Jersey, aged 76.

Stirling Castle

Stirling Castle, is a castle in Stirling, Scotland. It is one of the largest and most important castles in the United Kingdom. It guarded an important crossing of the River Forth, which exits to the North Sea in the east.

The castle sits on the top of Castle Hill, an intrusive volcanic crag, part of the Stirling Sill geological formation. It is surrounded on three sides by steep cliffs, giving it a strong defensive position. It guards what was, until the 1890s, the farthest downstream crossing of the River Forth, This made it an important fortification from early times.

Most of the buildings of the castle date from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. A few structures of the fourteenth century remain, while the outer defences fronting the town date from the early eighteenth century. Several Scottish kings and queens have been crowned at Stirling, including Mary, Queen of Scots, in 1542. There have been at least eight sieges of Stirling Castle, including several during the Wars of Scottish Independence. The last siege was in 1746, when Bonnie Prince Charlie failed to take the castle. Stirling Castle is a scheduled Ancient Monument, and is a tourist attraction managed by Historic Scotland.

Casey Bailey

Casey Bailey (born October 27, 1991) is an American professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Bailey played parts of 2 seasons with the Alberni Valley Bulldogs of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) and 1 season with the Omaha Lancers of the United States Hockey League (USHL). Bailey decided to play college hockey with the Penn State Nittany Lions. He played parts of 3 years with them and was named to the Big Ten Conference First All-Star Team in 2015.

Bailey was not drafted but signed a two-year, entry-level contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs on March 21, 2015. Bailey became the first played from Penn State to sign a contract in the NHL, and also the first to play in the NHL.

On April 11, 2015, Bailey scored his first NHL goal against Carey Price of the Montreal Canadiens in a 4-3 shootout loss.


Lee Elder

Robert Lee Elder (July 14, 1934 – November 28, 2021) was an American professional golfer. He is best remembered for becoming the first African-American to play in the Masters Tournament in 1975. He was born in Dallas, Texas.

Elder died on November 28, 2021 in Escondido, California at the age of 87.

Chi-Chi Rodríguez

Juan Antonio "Chi-Chi" Rodríguez (born October 23, 1935 in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican professional golfer. He was the first Puerto Rican to be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame.


Pete Brown (golfer)

Pete Brown (February 2, 1935 – May 1, 2015) was an American professional golfer. He was best known as the first African American to win a PGA Tour event. Brown was born in Port Gibson, Mississippi and grew up in Jackson, Mississippi.

Brown died in Augusta, Georgia on May 1, 2015 at the age of 80 from heart failure and a stroke.

María Elena Velasco

María Elena Velasco Fragoso (December 17, 1940 - May 1, 2015) was a Mexican actress, comedienne, singer-songwriter, dancer, screenwriter, movie producer, and one of Mexico's few major female movie directors. She was best known for creating and portraying La India María, a comical character based on indigenous Mexican women.

Velasco died of stomach cancer in Mexico City, Mexico, aged 74.


See You Again (Wiz Khalifa song)

"See You Again" is a song by American rapper Wiz Khalifa featuring the vocals and piano playing of Charlie Puth. The song is featured in the 2015 action movie "Furious 7". It was created as a final tribute to Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in November 2013. 

The single was released on March 17, 2015 in the US, followed by an international release on April 3 and a UK release on April 12.

Everything Is Awesome

"Everything Is Awesome" is the Grammy and Oscar nominated song featured in "The Lego Movie". It was written by Shawn Patterson, Joshua Bartholomew, Lisa Harriton, and The Lonely Island. 

The single and pop version featured in the end credits of the movie was produced by Mark Mothersbaugh and performed by Tegan and Sara in collaboration with musical comedy trio The Lonely Island.

In July 2014, the song "Everything Is Awesome" was re-used in a video of Greenpeace to promote their petition calling on the Lego Company to drop its partnership with Shell.

Matt Carle

Matthew Carle (born September 25, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman. He currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the San Jose Sharks and Philadelphia Flyers.

Before playing in the NHL, Carle played parts of 2 seasons with the US National Team Development Program, 1 season with the River City Lancers of the United States Hockey League (USHL), and 3 years of college hockey with the University of Denver Pioneers. During his time with the Pioneers, Carle won the Hobey Baker Award in 2006 for being the top National Collegiate Athletic Association men's ice hockey player. He was also the only junior defenseman in history to win the award.

He was drafted 47th overall by the San Jose Sharks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. On March 25, 2006, Carle made his NHL debut and scored his first NHL goal against Manny Fernandez of the Minnesota Wild in a 5-1 win. On November 21, 2007, Carle was signed to a four-year, $13.75 million contract extension to stay with San Jose.

On July 4, 2008, the Sharks traded Carle along with Ty Wishart and a first round pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and a fourth round pick in 2010, to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for Dan Boyle and Brad Lukowich.

After 12 games with the Lightning, they traded him along with a 2009 third round draft pick to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for Steve Eminger, Steve Downie and a 2009 fourth round pick on November 7, 2008. Carle missed 5 games at the start of December because of a rib injury. During the home opener of the 2009–10 season for the Flyers, Carle tied the NHL record for assists in a single period by a defenceman when he set up four goals in the second period against the Washington Capitals and also helped Mike Richards achieve his second career hat trick, which was also his personal best for assists in a game.

On July 4, 2012, Carle signed a six-year; $33 million contract to return with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Stand by Me (Ben E. King song)

"Stand by Me" is a R&B ballad which was originally performed by Ben E. King. The song was inspired by the spiritual single "Lord Stand by Me". The song is on the soundtrack of the 1986 movie "Stand by Me".

Musicians who have covered the song include Prince Royce and John Lennon. In 1999, BMI named it the fourth most performed song of the 20th century.

William Pfaff

William Pfaff (December 1928 – April 30, 2015) was an American writer. He was an author and op-ed columnist for the "International Herald Tribune". He also worked on "The New York Review of Books".

Pfaff was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa. He was of German, English, and Irish ancestry. He studied at the University of Notre Dame. He was a Catholic and was married with two children.

Pfaff died from a heart attack caused by a fall on April 30, 2015 in Paris, France. He was 86.

Stephen Milburn Anderson

Stephen Milburn Anderson (March 13, 1948 – May 1, 2015) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He wrote and directed eight movies. He was best known for "South Central", which was produced by Oliver Stone and released by Warner Bros. in 1992. He also wrote and directed "Cash" (2010), starring Sean Bean and Chris Hemsworth. He produced the Academy Award-winning short movie "Ray's Male Heterosexual Dance Hall" (1987). He was born in New Mexico.

Anderson died from throat cancer on May 1, 2015 in Denver, Colorado, aged 67. His wife of more than thirty years, Mary Weir, outlived him.

Anguish

Anguish is an emotion. It is a feeling of severe pain, mental suffering, distress and sadness. Anguish is related to misery, dread, despair, and depression.

Many things can cause a person to feel anguish. Abuse can cause anguish. Child abuse can cause anguish. Elder abuse can cause anguish. Bullying can cause anguish. Neglect can cause anguish. Shame can lead to feelings of anguish. A person may feel anguish when their life is not going as they hoped and there is little they can do to change it.

Mental anguish is a concept of law. It is sometimes written into a legal code. In tort law, a person can receive compensation when someone hurts them. This is known as a personal injury case. This kind of legal case is handled by a personal injury lawyer.

In the United States, personal injury lawsuits account for less than 5% of all civil cases. That number is declining. Between 1999 and 2008, there was a 25% decrease in personal injury lawsuits filed in the United States.

In the judicial system, mental anguish is also called "pain and suffering". This may include feelings of fear, distress, anxiety, depression, trauma, or grief.

When Jimmy Carter was President of the United States, he issued a proclamation about human rights. He said that we must defend the victims of anguish, not the culprits (the people who cause it).

In medicine, anguish is similar to anxiety. It is a type of neurosis. According to Sigmund Freud, the symptoms of anguish are irritability, anxiety, crisis, nightmares, phobias and obsessions. Anguish can also cause insomnia.

People with mental illnesses like melancholia or depression may feel anguish. Anguish may be a factor in a mental breakdown.

Chronic pain (or pain lasting longer than six months) can cause anguish.

The brain disease dementia can cause those who have it to experience anguish.

In dying patients, anguish may be physical, emotional, or spiritual. They symptoms of physical anguish are severe pain and anxiety. The symptoms of emotional and spiritual anguish are crying, moaning, wailing, or talking about fears or regrets.

Anguish is sometimes a cause of suicide or homicide. People who experience psychological distress like anguish can have greater risk of premature death.

Researchers found a potential treatment for the pain of anguish: a non-prescription medication (or over-the-counter drug) called paracetamol (or acetaminophen).

Mental anguish can have significant as physical symptoms. Psychological suffering from anguish can be just as significant as physical pain. Psychological symptoms like anxiety, panic attacks and existential crisis can cause suffering.

Sigmund Freud is considered the inventor of psychoanalysis. Freud said that anguish is one of the feelings that brings together and tears apart people, families, and societies.

Anguish is an idea in philosophy.


Anguish is an important concept in existentialism. Existentialists believe that freedom causes anguish.

French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre talked about anguish in his book "L'Être et le Néant" (1943) (in English: "Being and Nothingness") (1956).
"It is certain that we cannot overcome anguish, for we are anguish."
For Sartre and Heidegger and Kierkegaard anguish is an important emotion.

Another French philosopher, Gilles Deleuze, said that anguish is a basic human emotion. He said that people feel anguish when they understand that they cannot escape from evil and pain in the world.


Anguish is an important concept in nihilism. Nihilists believe that life is meaningless. That belief is a source of anguish.

German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer wrote about "anguish of conscience." He said that consciousness is anguish and anguish is pain.

Søren Kierkegaard was a Danish philosopher. He wrote about religion, or theology. Kierkegaard talked about anguish in several of his books: "Fear and Trembling" (1843), "Either/Or" (1843), "The Sickness Unto Death" (1849), and "Two Discourses of God and Man" (1938). In the book "Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses" (1843), Kierkegaard talked about Paul the Apostle. Paul felt anguish because he persecuted Christians.

Anguish is feeling common for characters in Woody Allen's movies. Marion feels anguish in "Another Woman". Alvy feels anguish in "Annie Hall". Mary fakes feelings of anguish in "Manhattan". Elliot causes anguish for others when he falls in love with one of his wife's sisters in "Hannah and Her Sisters".


Milap Chand Jain

Milap Chand Jain (21 July 1929 – 29 April 2015) was an Indian judge and politician. He served as the Chief Justice of the Rajasthan High Court. He also served as the acting Governor of Rajasthan from 3 February to 14 February 1990. He was also the chairman of the "Jain Commission" set up by the government to inquire into Rajiv Gandhi's assassination.

Jain was born in Jodhpur, Rajasthan. He had three children; a son and two daughters.

Jain died after a short illness on 29 April 2015 in Jaipur, aged 86.

Ronald Senator

Ronald Senator (17 April 1926 – 30 April 2015) was a British composer. He was best known for "Holocaust Requiem", for which he was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. He had concerts in New York (1990, 1998, 2001), London (1989, 1997), Sydney (1978), Moscow (1993), and St. Petersburg (1991).

Senator studied at Oxford University (1944–1947) with Austrian-born British composer Egon Wellesz. He was Jewish and married to Miriam Brickman. He lived in London and New York, United States.

Senator and his 81-year-old wife died in a fire on 30 April 2015 at their home in Yonkers, New York. He was 89.

François Michelin

François Michelin (15 June 1926 – 29 April 2015) was a French heir and business executive. He served as the CEO of Michelin from 1955 to 1999.

Michelin was born in Clermont-Ferrand, Auvergne. His grandfather, Édouard Michelin (1859–1940), was the founder of Michelin. He became an orphan at the age of ten. He was a Roman Catholic. He had five children, including Édouard (1963–2006).

Michelin died on 29 April 2015 in Clermont-Ferrand, aged 88.

Valentine Lamb

Valentine Edward Martin "Val" Lamb (26 January 1939 – 24 April 2015) was a British sports journalist. He was editor of "The Irish Field" from 1970 to 2003.

Lamb was born in Coombe Bissett, Wiltshire. He was the son of the artist Henry Lamb and his wife Lady Pansy Pakenham. He was married twice and had three children.

Lamb died on 24 April 2015, aged 76.

Gary Liddell

Gary Liddell (27 August 1954 – 1 May 2015) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a striker. He played from 1972 and 1983 for the teams Leeds United, Grimsby Town, Hearts and Doncaster Rovers.

Liddell was born in Stirling. His son, Andy (born 1973), was also a footballer.

Liddell died on 1 May 2015 in Falkirk, aged 60.

Geoff Duke

Geoffrey Ernest "Geoff" Duke (29 March 1923 – 1 May 2015) was a British multiple motorcycle Grand Prix road racing world champion. In the 1950s, he won six world championships and six Isle of Man TT races.

Duke was born in St. Helens, Lancashire. His son, Peter, is a businessman and founded Duke Video.

Duke died after a long illness 1 May 2015 at his home on the Isle of Man. He was 92.

Mobile app

A mobile application, also referred to as a mobile app or simply an app, is a computer program designed to run on smartphones, tablet computers and other mobile devices. Apps are usually available through an app store for that platform. These began appearing in 2008. The largest stores are operated by the owner of the mobile operating system. 

Some apps are usually bundled with the device, already installed before you buy it. Other apps may be downloaded for free from the app store, and some must be purchased. Software developers make as they make other computer programs, and usually offer them through the app store.

Ruth Rendell

Ruth Barbara Rendell, Baroness Rendell of Babergh (née Grasemann; 17 February 1930 – 2 May 2015), also known as Barbara Vine, was an English writer. She wrote mostly psychological thrillers and murder mysteries. She released at least 90 books and was best known for her character Inspector Wexford.

Rendell was born in South Woodford, Essex (now London). Her mother was born in Sweden and grew up in Denmark, while her father was English. She was married to Don Rendell until his death from prostate cancer in 1999. They had a son, Simon (born 1953).

Rendell had a stroke in January 2015. She died on 2 May 2015 in London, aged 85.

Monty Python's The Meaning of Life

Monty Python's The Meaning of Life is a 1983 British musical sketch comedy movie. It is Monty Python's last movie. It is about seven stages of life and is told through different sketches and songs.

August Friedrich Schenck

August Friedrich Albrecht Schenck (23 April 1828 – 1 January 1901) was a painter. He became well known for his landscapes and paintings of animals. He was both French and German by nationality. His works were first shown in 1855.

Diante do Trono

The Diante do Trono is a Brazilian Christian pop rock band from Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil. The band was formed in 1997 in the Lagoinha Church and is known as the main worship ministry in Latin America. The band has sold over 15 million albums and is led by Ana Paula Valadão.


Max Rojas

Juan Máximo Rojas Proenza, known as Max Rojas (June 4, 1940 - April 24, 2015) was a Mexican poet, essayist, literary critic and culture manager. Rojas wrote long-winded poem "Cuerpos", his last published work originally composed of three thousand pages and that could fill twenty volumes.

George Baker (actor)

George Baker, MBE (1 April 19317 October 2011) was an English actor and writer. He was best known for playing Tiberius in "I, Claudius", and Inspector Wexford in "The Ruth Rendell Mysteries". He was born in Varna, Bulgaria.

Baker died on 7 October 2011 in West Lavington, Wiltshire from pneumonia after suffering a stroke, aged 80.

Rodion Shchedrin

Rodion Konstantinovich Shchedrin (, "Rodion Konstantinovič Ščedrin", born December 16, 1932 in Moscow) is a Russian composer and pianist. 

He won many awards such as the Lenin (1984), USSR State Prize (1972) and the State Prize of the Russian Federation (1992). He is a former member of the Interregional Deputy Group (1989–1991).

Shchedrin was married to Russian ballet dancer Maya Plisetskaya from 1958 until her death in 2015.


Tabaré Vázquez

Tabaré Ramón Vázquez Rosas (; 17 January 1940 – 6 December 2020) was an Uruguayan politician. He served as President of Uruguay from 2015 to 2020.

In August 2019, Vázquez was diagnosed with lung cancer. He died on 6 December 2020 from the disease in Montevideo at the age of 80.


Muhammadu Buhari

Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR (born 17 December 1942) was the President of Nigeria and a former Major General in the Nigerian Army. He first became Head of State of Nigeria on 31 December 1983 when he took over the government by surprise. While he was in power, he passed laws to control how people behaved that were very harsh and put many people in jail, even the famous musician Fela Kuti. On 27 August 1985, there was another surprise takeover and he was no longer in charge of the country.

In the 21st century, Buhari decided to try and become head of state again and ran in multiple elections. He eventually won and became President of Nigeria in 2015. He brought back some of the harsh laws from the last time he was in charge of Nigeria. Now, more people have been criticizing him as part of the End SARS protests.



Umaru Musa Yar'Adua

Umaru Musa Yar'Adua (16 August 19515 May 2010) was a Nigerian politician. He served as the President of Nigeria and the 13th Head of State.

He became governor of Katsina State in northern Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 28 May 2007. He was declared the winner of the controversial Nigerian presidential election held on 21 April 2007, and was sworn in on 29 May 2007. He was a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).

In 2009, Yar'Adua left for Saudi Arabia to receive treatment for pericarditis. He returned to Nigeria in 2010, where he died on 5 May.

Umaru Musa Yar'adua was born 16th of August 1951 in Katsina State, his father was Mr. Musa Yar'Adua who was a Minister for Lagos in the first republic and also held a chieftaincy title of custodian of the royal treasury of the Katsina Emirate.

Aristocrat

An aristocrat is a person of the highest social class of a society. In many places, aristocrats have hereditary titles. In some societies such as Ancient Greece, Rome, and India, aristocratic status may come from membership in a military caste. It has also been very common for aristocrats to belong to priestly dynasties.

Aristocratic status can involve feudal or legal privileges. They are usually below only the monarch of a country or nation in its social hierarchy. In modern era European societies, the term aristocracy has often been used synonymously with the nobility. This was a specific class that arose in the Middle Ages. The term "aristocracy" derives from the Greek ἀριστοκρατία ("aristokratia" ἄριστος ("aristos") "excellent," and κράτος ("kratos") "power".


Discovery (observation)

Discovery is the act of detecting something new, or something "old" that had been unknown. In science and academic disciplines, discovery is the observation of new phenomena. It is discovery of new actions, or new events. It provides new reasoning to explain the knowledge gathered through such observations. A discovery may sometimes be based on earlier discoveries, collaborations, or ideas. Some discoveries represent a radical breakthrough in knowledge or technology. Visual discoveries are often called sightings.

Before the 17th century, it took extraordinary genius to make even small discoveries. Men such as Galileo Galilei, Isaac Newton and many of their contemporaries made great discoveries. But their greatest contribution was in developing and furthering the scientific method. This was an organized method of making new discoveries. By the end of the century science literally exploded with new discoveries. Ordinary educated scientists could now do what only geniuses could do before. Ancient Greeks depended on observation and philosophy to come up with theories about the physical laws of the universe. Beginning in the 17th century scientists now used scientific proof of their discoveries through experiments. They also defended their discoveries against their peers. This was an important part of the scientific method.

Vafa Guluzade

Vafa Guluzade (; 21 December 1940 – 1 May 2015) was an Azerbaijani diplomat, political scientist and specialist in conflict resolution. He worked as Foreign Policy State Advisor for Azerbaijan President Heydar Aliyev between 1990 and 1999.

Guluzade was born in Baku to a Shia Muslim family. He was married to Leyla Ahmadova. They had a daughter (1974–2010).

Guluzade died from heart failure after surgery on 1 May 2015 in Baku. He was 74.


Michael J. Ingelido

Michael Joseph Ingelido (November 20, 1916 – April 28, 2015) was an American Air Force major general. He was Commander of the Fourteenth Aerospace Force, (Air Defense Command), Ent Air Force Base in Colorado. He joined the Air Force in 1941 less than two weeks before the attack on Pearl Harbor of World War II, and retired in 1972 during the Vietnam War.

Ingelido was born in Meriden, Connecticut. He married his wife Elinor Affinto Ingelido in 1942. They had three sons.

Ingelido died from a stroke on April 28, 2015 in Colorado Springs, Colorado, aged 98.

Dave Goldberg

David Bruce "Dave" Goldberg (October 2, 1967 – May 1, 2015) was an American businessman. He was a Yahoo! executive before joining SurveyMonkey in 2009, and later became CEO. He also co-founded LAUNCH Media with Bob Roback.

Goldberg was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota to a Jewish family. He graduated from Harvard University in 1989. He was married to Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg and had two children.

Goldberg died on May 1, 2015 at a resort in Punta Mita, near Puerto Vallarta in southwest Mexico, aged 47. He died from head trauma and blood loss after falling off a treadmill.

Beth Whittall

Elizabeth "Beth" Whittall (May 26, 1936 – May 1, 2015) was a Canadian champion breaststroke and freestyle swimmer. At age 17, she won a silver medal at the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Vancouver, British Columbia. He won two gold medals at the 1955 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Mexico. In 1987, at the age of 50, she set a Canadian record in the 200-metre freestyle for competitors in the 50 to 54 age range.

Whittall was born in Montreal, Quebec. She studied pharmacy at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, United States. She died on May 1, 2015, aged 78.

Sarah Correa

Sarah Gonçalves Correa (14 August 1992 – 2 May 2015) was a Brazilian competitive free-style swimmer. She won the gold medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle at the 2010 South American Games in Medellín, Colombia, beating the competition record. At the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, she won the silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle. Born in Rio de Janeiro, retired from swimming in 2014 to become a model.

Correa was hit by a car while waiting at a bus stop on 1 May 2015 near her home in Barra da Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro. She died the next day (2 May), aged 22.

Harry Geisinger

Harry Geisinger (October 31, 1933 – May 1, 2015) was an American politician for the Republican Party. He served in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1969 to 1975 and then from 2005 until his death.

Geisinger was born in Roswell, Georgia. He got his Bachelors's degree in business from the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Geisinger died from leukemia on May 1, 2015, aged 81.

Michael Blake (author)

Michael Lennox Blake (July 5, 1945 – May 2, 2015) was an American writer and screenwriter. He was best known for the movie adaptation of his novel "Dances with Wolves", for which he won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe.

Blake was born in Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and grew up in New Mexico, Texas and Southern California. He was married and had three sons.

Blake died after a long illness on May 2, 2015 in Tucson, Arizona. He was 69.

Extreme Rules (2015)

Extreme Rules (2015) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on April 26, 2015 at Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the seventh Extreme Rules event held by the WWE. 

The main event saw Seth Rollins defeat Randy Orton in a steel cage match to retain the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. In the match, Orton's RKO finisher was banned and Kane served as the gatekeeper for the cage. 


Philip S. Goodman

Philip Solomon Goodman (February 20, 1926 – May 2, 2015) was an American screenwriter, producer, and movie director. He was best known for directing the drama movie "We Shall Return" (1963), starring Cesar Romero. He also wrote for television series such as "Profiles in Courage", "Danger", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Rocky King Detective", and "Johnny Staccato". He also directed plays at the Actors Studio.

Goodman was born in New York City to Flora and Solomon Goodman. He graduated from Brooklyn College and the University of Southern California (USC). He served in the U.S. Army from 1944 to 1946 during World War II. He was married to Evelyn Twersky and had two children, Nicholas, a producer, and Jody, a lawyer.

Goodman died on May 2, 2015 in New York City, aged 89.

Abdul Wahid Aresar

Abdul Wahid Aresar (11 October 1949 – 3 May 2015) was a Pakistani politician. He was the was one of the heads of the Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz (JSQM), a political party in Sindh. He was the chairman of the party in the 1990s.

Aresar died on 3 May 2015 at a private hospital in Karachi, aged 65.

Russi Taylor

Russell "Russi" Taylor (May 4, 1944 – July 26, 2019) was an American voice actress. She was best known for being the voice of Disney's Minnie Mouse since 1986. She also voiced numerous other Disney characters. Taylor was the wife of the late voice actor Wayne Allwine. He was the third voice of Mickey Mouse from 1991 until his death in 2009. In 2008 she received a Disney Legends award.

Taylor died from colon cancer on July 26, 2019, at her home in Glendale, California, at the age of 75.


Clarence Nash

Clarence Charles "Ducky" Nash (December 7, 1904 – February 20, 1985) was an American voice actor. He was the voice for Disney cartoon character Donald Duck for almost 50 years.


Dobri Dobrev

Dobri Dimitrov Dobrev () (born 20 July 1914 – 13 February 2018), better known as Grandpa Dobri, Elder Dobri (), or The Saint of Bailovo was a Bulgarian philanthropist. He walks several kilometers each day to sit or stand in front of the Cathedral of Alexander Nevsky in Sofia to collect money for charitable causes. Dobrev donates all the money he collects to charities, orphanages, churches and monasteries. He turned 100 in July 2014.

On 13 February 2018, Dobrev died at Kremikovtsi Monastery at the age of 103.

Ackerly, Texas

Ackerly is a city in Dawson and Martin Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 264.

Grace Lee Whitney

Grace Lee Whitney (born Mary Ann Chase; April 1, 1930 - May 1, 2015) was an American actress and entertainer. She was best known as Janice Rand on the "Star Trek" television series.

Whitney died at her home in Coarsegold, California on May 1, 2015 from natural causes, aged 85.


Revaz Chkheidze

Revaz "Rezo" Chkheidze (; 8 December 1926 – 3 May 2015) was a Georgian movie director. He was known for directing "Father of a Soldier" and "The Saplings", both of which entered at the Moscow Film Festival. He was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1980.

Danny Jones (rugby league)

Danny Jones (6 March 1986 – 3 May 2015) was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer. He played at international level for Wales and at club level for Halifax and Keighley Cougars.

Jones died of cardiac arrest while playing in London. He was 29 years old.

Stuart Archer

Colonel Bertram Stuart Trevelyan Archer GC OBE ERD (3 February 1915 – 2 May 2015), known as Stuart Archer, was a recipient of the George Cross, the highest British and Commonwealth award for gallantry not in the face of the enemy. 

Archer was born in London.

On 3 February 2015 Archer became the first recipient of the Victoria Cross or the George Cross to reach 100 years of age. 

Archer died on 2 May 2015 at the age of 100.

Karl Guthe Jansky

Karl Guthe Jansky (October 22, 1905 – February 14, 1950) was an American physicist and engineer. He worked in astronomy. In 1927, he discovered that the Milky Way emitted radio waves. This makes him one of the founding fathers of radio astronomy.

Konstantin K. Kuzminsky

Konstantin Konstantinovich Kuzminsky (; 16 April 1940 – 2 May 2015) was a Russian-American performance poet. He published "The Blue Lagoon Anthology of Modern Russian Poetry" as well as other publications including a collection of Russian poetry "The Living Mirror". He also appeared in many documentary movies, including two by Andrei Zagdansky.

Kuzminsky was born in Leningrad (now called Saint Petersburg). He moved to the United States from the Soviet Union in 1978. He was married to Emma, nicknamed "Mouse".

Kuzminsky died on 2 May 2015 in New York City, aged 75.


Abdul Basit Usman

Ahmad Akmad Usman y Batabol (1974 – 3 May 2015), better known as Abdul Basit Usman, was a Filipino Islamist and fugitive. He was a bomb making expert who was head of the Special Operations Group of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters and had links with Abu Sayyaf and Jemaah Islamiyah groups.

Usman was born in a village in Shariff Aguak, Maguindanao to a Muslim family. He worked as an Overseas Filipino Worker (OFW) in Pakistan before taking part in militant activities.

Usman was killed on 3 May 2014 in Guindulungan, aged 40/41.

Nigel Terry

Peter Nigel Terry (15 August 1945 – 30 April 2015) was an English stage and movie actor. He was best known by for his role of King Arthur in John Boorman's "Excalibur" (1981). He appeared in the movies "The Lion in Winter" (1968) and "Troy" (2004). He also appeared in the television series "Covington Cross", "Casualty", "Doctor Who", "" and "Waking the Dead".

Terry was born in Bristol, Gloucestershire. He died from emphysema on 30 April 2015, aged 69.

Duri Camichel

Duri Camichel (6 May 1982 – 28 April 2015) was a Swiss professional ice hockey player.

Paul Émile Chabas

Paul Émile Chabas (March 7, 1869 – May 10, 1937) was a French painter. He was born in Nantes. He studied with William-Adolphe Bouguereau. He often travelled, to Norway, Algeria and Greece. During his lifetime, he was known for the portraits he painted. He liked to paint naked girls, in natural settings. Probably his best known work is "September Morning", dated 1912.

Human

A human is a member of the species "Homo sapiens", which means 'wise man' in Latin. Carolus Linnaeus put humans in the mammalian order of primates. Humans are a species of hominid, and chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas and orangutans are their closest living relatives.

Humans are mammals. They are also social animals. They usually live in groups. They help and protect each other. They care for their children. Humans are bipedal, which means they walk on two legs.

Humans have a complex brain, which is much larger than that of the other living apes. They use language, make ideas, and feel emotions. This brain, and the fact that arms are not needed for walking, lets humans use tools. Humans use tools far more than any other species. Their tools are very advanced.

Humans first came from Africa. There are humans living on every continent. As of 2022, there were over 7900 million people living on Earth. Overpopulation is a problem.

Humans have a long period of development after birth. Their life depends less on instinct than other animals, and more on learning. Humans are also born with their brains not so well developed as those of other mammals. This makes for an unusually long childhood, and so makes family life important. If their brains were better developed at birth, their head would be larger, and this would make birth more difficult. In birth, the baby's head has to get through the 'birth canal', the passageway through the mother's pelvis.

Many animals use signs and sounds to communicate with each other. But humans have language. It lets them express ideas by using words. Humans are capable of abstract ideas and can communicate them to others. Human language can express things which are not present, or talk about events that are not happening at that time. The things might be elsewhere, and the events may also have occurred at another place or time.

No known animals have a system of communication that is as elaborate as human language. By using words to communicate with each other, humans make complex communities with laws, traditions and customs. Humans like to understand the world around them. They try to explain things through myth, science and philosophy. Wanting to understand things has helped humans make important discoveries.

Humans are the only species living today known to build fires, to cook their food and wear clothes. Humans use more technology than any other animal on Earth ever has. Humans like things that are beautiful and like to make art, literature and music. Humans use education and teaching to pass on skills, ideas and customs to the next generations.

Humans are part of the animal kingdom. They are mammals, which means that they give birth to their young, and females feed their babies with breast milk. Humans belong to the order of primates. Apes like gorillas, orangutans, chimps, and gibbons are also primates. 

The closest living relatives of humans are the two chimpanzee species: the common chimpanzee and the bonobo. Scientists have examined the genes of humans and chimpanzees, and compared their DNA. The studies showed that 95% to 99% of the DNA of humans and chimpanzees is the same.

Biologists explain the similarity between humans and other hominoids by their descent from a common ancestor. In 2001, a hominid skull was discovered in Chad. The skull is about 7 million years old, and has been classified as "Sahelanthropus tchadensis". This skull may show that the date at which humans started to evolve (develop differently) from other primates is 2 million years earlier than scientists had previously thought.

Humans are part of a subfamily called the Homininae (or hominins), inside the hominids or great apes.

There used to be other types of hominins on Earth. They were similar to modern humans, but not the same. "Homo sapiens" are the only type of hominins who are alive today. The earliest known fossils of genus "Homo" have been called "Homo habilis" (handy man). The first fossils of "Homo habilis" were found in Tanzania. "Homo hablilis" is thought to have lived about 2.2 to 1.7 million years ago. Another human species thought to be an ancestor of the modern human is "Homo erectus". There are other extinct species of "Homo" known today. Many of them were likely our 'cousins', as they developed differently to our ancestors. Different species of plants and animals moved from Africa to the Middle East, and then elsewhere. Early humans may have moved from Africa to other parts of the world in the same way.

The first truly modern humans seem to have appeared between 300,000, and 200,000 years ago in East Africa. In paleontology, 200,000 years is a "short" time. So, scientists speak of a "recent single origin" of humans. Some of these early humans later moved out from Africa. By about 90,000 years ago they had moved into Eurasia. This was the area where Neanderthals, "Homo neanderthalensis", had been living for a long time (at least 350,000 years).

By about 42 to 44,000 years ago "Homo sapiens" had reached western Europe, including Britain. In Europe and western Asia, "Homo sapiens" replaced the neanderthals by about 35,000 years ago. The details of this event are not known.

At roughly the same time "Homo sapiens" arrived in Australia. Their arrival in the Americas was much later, about 15,000 years ago. All these earlier groups of modern man were hunter-gatherers.
Early human history is commonly divided into three ages. The time periods are labeled with the material used for tools.

The "Stone Age" is commonly subdivided into the Paleolithic, Mesolithic, and Neolithic periods.

Up to about 10 thousand years ago most humans were hunter-gatherers. They did not live in one place, but moved around as the seasons changed. The start of planting crops for food, called farming made the Neolithic revolution. Some people chose to live in settlements. This also led to the invention of metal tools and the training of animals. About 6000 years ago the first proper civilizations began in places like Egypt, India, and Syria. The people formed governments and armies for protection. They competed for area to live and resources and sometimes they fought with each other. About 4000 years ago some states took over or conquered other states and made empires. Examples include ancient Greece and the Roman Empire.

Some modern day religions also began at this time such as Judaism and Hinduism. From the Middle Ages and beyond humanity saw an explosion of new technology and inventions. The printing press, the car, the train, and electricity are all examples of this kind of invention. As a result of the developments in technology, modern humans live in a world where everyone is connected, for example by telephone or by internet. People now control and change the environment around them in many different ways.

In early times, humans usually settled near to water and other natural resources. In modern times if people need things they can transport them from somewhere else. So basing a settlement close to resources is no longer as important as it once was. Since 1800, the number of humans, or population, has increased by six billion. Most humans (61%) live in Asia. The rest live in the Americas (14%), Africa (14%), Europe (11%), and Oceania (0.5%).

Most people live in towns and cities. This number is expected to get higher. In 2005 the United Nations said that by the end of that year, over half the world would be living in cities. This is an important change in human settlement patterns: a century earlier in 1900 only 14% of people lived in cities, in 2000 47% of the world's population lived in cities. In developed countries, like the United States, 80% of the population live in cities.

Humans have a large effect on the world. Humans are at the top of the food chain and are generally not eaten by any animals. Humans have been described as super predators because of this. Because of industry and other reasons humans are said to be a big cause of global climate change.

Human body measurements differ. The worldwide average height for an adult human male is about , and the worldwide average height for adult human females is about . The average weight of an adult human is for females and for males. Body weight and body type is influenced by genetics and environment. It varies greatly among individuals.

Human hair grows on the underarms, the genitals, legs, arms, and on the top of the head in adults of both genders. Hair will usually grow on the face of most adult males, and on the chest and back of many adult males. In human children of both genders, long hair grows only on the top of the head. Although it might look like humans have fewer hairs than most primates, they actually do not. The average human has more hair "follicles", where hair grows from, than most chimpanzees have. Human hair can be black, brown, red or blond. When humans get older hair can turn grey or white.

Human skin colors vary greatly. They can be a very pale pink all the way to dark brown. There is a reason why people in tropical areas have dark skins. The dark pigment (melanin) in the skin protects them against ultraviolet rays in sunlight. The damage caused by UV rays can and does cause skin cancer in some people. Therefore, in more sunny areas, natural selection favors darker skin color. Sun tanning has nothing to do with this issue, because it is just a temporary process which is not inherited. In colder climates the advantage of light-coloured skin is two-fold. It radiates less heat, and it absorbs more sunlight. In weaker sunlight a darker body produces less vitamin D than a lighter body. The selection for lighter skin is driven by these two reasons. Therefore, in less sunny areas, natural selection favours lighter skin colour.

Humans are not as strong as other primates of the same size. An average female orangutan is at least three times as strong as an average human.

The average human male needs 7 to 8 hours sleep a day. People who sleep less than this are generally not as healthy. A child needs even more sleep, 9 to 10 hours on average.

The human life cycle is similar in some ways to most other mammals. However, there are some differences. The young grow inside the female mother for nine months. After this time the baby is pushed out of the woman's vagina, with its brain only half developed. 

Unlike most other mammals, human childbirth is somewhat dangerous. Babies' heads are large, and the mothers pelvis bones are not very wide. Since people walk on two legs, their hips are fairly narrow. This means that birth can be difficult. Rarely, mother or baby may die in childbirth. The number of mothers dying in childbirth is less in the 21st century. This is because of better medication and treatment. If a difficult birth is foreseen, the foetus can be removed surgically, and incubated (developed, but not in the womb).

In many poor countries the number of mothers dying is higher. Sometimes it is up to 10 times as many as richer countries.

In the human female, her fertile period in the oestrous cycle is hidden, and mating can take place at any time. That is quite unusual. In mammals generally the fertile period is very noticeable. Mating only takes place when the female signals her fertility. Think about cats, for example. The human cycle is unusual, and it is thought that there is a reason. Humans band together in tribes which have many people. It helps the tribe if the father of a child is not known for certainty. Men live together and work together in "much" larger groups than do chimpanzees (our nearest living relatives). They have a collective interest in the tribe. It is thought that the human mating system helps this.

The average human baby weighs 3–4 kg at birth and is 50–60 cm tall. Babies are often smaller in poorer countries, and may die early because of this.

Humans have four stages in their lives: childhood, adolescence, adulthood and old age.

Life expectancy is how long you are expected to live. This depends on many things including where you live. The highest life expectancy is for people from Monaco, 89.52 years. The lowest is for people from Chad where life expectancy is only 49.81 years.

Psychology is the study of how the human mind works. The human brain is the main controller of what a person does. Everything from moving and breathing to thinking is done by the brain. The human neocortex is huge compared with other mammals, and gives us our thinking ability, and the ability to speak and understand language.

Neurology is the study of how the brain works, psychology is the study of how and why people think and feel. Many aspects of life are also influenced by the hormone system, including growth and sexual development. The hormonal system (especially the pituitary gland) is partly controlled by the brain.

Human behaviour is hard to understand, so sometimes psychologists study animals because they may be simpler and easier to know. Psychology overlaps with many other sciences including medicine, biology, computer science and linguistics.

Language at its most basic is talking, reading and writing. The study of language is called linguistics. Humans have the most complicated languages on Earth. Although almost all animals communicate, human language is unique. Its use of syntax, and its huge learnt vocabulary are its main features. There are over 7,300 languages spoken around the world. The world's most spoken first language is Mandarin Chinese, and the most spoken language is English. This includes speakers of English as a second language.

This is to explain the difference between features which are long established, and ones which are relatively recent in evolution. The human ability to walk and run upright on two legs is recent. The ability to speak is even more recent. Contrast those two with something ancient, like the way most land vertebrates walk on four legs. 

In every case, the older way is very reliable in its development, and the new tactic is more variable, and involves some learning.

Art has existed almost as long as humans. People have been doing some types of art for thousands of years as the picture on the right shows. Art represents how someone feels in the form of a painting, a sculpture or a photograph.

Music has also been around for thousands of years. Music can be made with only your voice but most of the time people use instruments. Music can be made using simple instruments only such as simple drums all the way up to electric guitars, keyboards and violins. Music can be loud, fast, quiet, slow or many different styles. Music represents how the people who are playing the music feel.

Literature is anything made or written using language. This includes books, poetry, legends, myths and fairy tales. Literature is important as without it many of the things we use today, such as Wikipedia, would not exist.

Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity. Modern biologists know that human gene sequences are very similar compared to many other animals. This is because of the "recent single origin" of modern humans. That is one reason why there is only one human race.

Ethnic groups are often linked by linguistic, cultural, ancestral, and national or regional ties. Race and ethnicity can lead to different social treatment called racism.

Religion is a belief of faith in a higher being, spirit, or any system of ideas that a group of people believe in. To have faith in a belief is to have the belief without proof that it is true. Faith can bring people together because they all believe in the same thing. Some of the things religions talk about are what happens after death, why humans exist, how humans came to exist (creation), and what is good to do and not to do (morality). Some people are very religious. Many people believe in one all-powerful god; some people believe in more than one god; some people are atheists, who do not believe in a god; and some people are agnostics, who are not sure if there is a god.

Technology are the things and methods which humans use to make tasks easier. Science is understanding how the universe and the things in it work. Technology used to be quite simple. It was passed on by people telling others, until writing was invented. This allowed technology to develop much quicker. Now people understand more and more about the world and the universe. The use of the telescope by Galileo, Einstein's theory of relativity, lasers, and computing are all scientific discoveries. Technology is of great importance to science, to medicine, and to everyday life.

A war is a lethal fight between large groups of people, usually countries or states. A war involves the use of lethal weapons as both sides try to kill the other. It is estimated that during the 20th century, between 167 and 188 million humans died because of war. The people who fight for a state in wars are called soldiers. The people who fight in wars, but not for a state, are usually called "fighters".

Modern wars are very different from wars a thousand or even a hundred years ago. Modern war involves sabotage, terrorism, propaganda, and guerrilla warfare. In modern-day wars, civilians (people who are not soldiers) are often targets. An example of this is the nuclear bomb dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II. The bombs killed as many as 140,000 people in Hiroshima and 80,000 in Nagasaki by the end of 1945, about half on the days of the bombings. Since then, thousands more have died from wounds or illness because of exposure to radiation released by the bombs. In both cities, the overwhelming majority of the dead were civilians. In Germany, Austria, and Great Britain, conventional bombs were used. About 60,595 British, and 550,000 German, civilians were killed by planes bombing cities.


Treehouse

Treehouses are platforms or buildings built into a tree. They are constructed around, next to, or in mature trees. They are usually above ground level. Tree houses can be used for recreation, work space or as an observation deck. A tree house can be a peaceful quiet place for seclusion or solitude.

Treehouses are often built for children to play. They are a natural extension of children's love of climbing trees. Treehouses can also be a casual retreat or working space, especially if provided with electricity. In many parts of the world guests can rent a treehouse. They can also stay in a treehouse hotel.

Sometimes they are built for protection against wild animals. In some parts of the tropics, houses are either fastened to trees or elevated on stilts. This is to keep the living quarters above the ground to protect occupants. A tree house can also be a place to store food from scavenging animals. The Korowai, a Papuan tribe in the southeast of Irian Jaya, live in tree houses. Some are nearly high (see image below). They are used as protection against a tribe of neighbouring head-hunters, the Citak.

Tree houses are an option for building eco-friendly houses in remote forest areas. They do not require a clearing of a certain area of forest. Because they are elevated or built into forested areas, they are not desirable to some people.


French touch

French touch or French house was a kind of house music, which became popular in France in the mid-1990s, and spread to the rest of Europe later.

Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)

Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) is the debut studio album by American hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan released on November 9, 1993 by Loud Records. It was entirely produced by the group leader RZA.

The album has been considered to be one of the greatest hip-hop album in history and Wu-Tang Clan's best work.


Mike Richter

Michael Thomas Richter (born September 22, 1966) is an American retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played parts of 14 years in the National Hockey League (NHL) all with the New York Rangers. He also played for the United States in international play and won a silver medal with them at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame along with his former teammate Brian Leetch in 2008.

Before playing in the NHL, Richter played college hockey with the University of Wisconsin–Madison Badgers from 1985 until 1987. He also played 2 years in the International Hockey League (IHL) with the Colorado Rangers/Denver Rangers organization.

He was drafted 28th overall by the New York Rangers in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. On April 9, 1989, Richter made his NHL debut in Game 4 of the Division Semifinals against the Pittsburgh Penguins.

The Rangers lost the game and were eliminated from the playoffs but Richter was chosen to be a regular member of the team. The next two seasons, he shared goaltending duties with John Vanbiesbrouck. When the Rangers traded Vanbiesbrouck to the Vancouver Canucks before the 1993–94 season, Richter became the Rangers starting goaltender. During his first year as the Rangers starter, he was able to record 42 wins and a 2.57 goals against average, as the Rangers won the Presidents' Trophy. Richter was also named the Most Valuable Player of the NHL All-Star Game that year.

Richter helped the Rangers reach the Stanley Cup Finals against the Vancouver Canucks. During Game 4, Richter made a career highlight when he was able to stop a penalty shot by Pavel Bure. The Rangers were able to defeat the Canucks in Game 7 and win the Stanley Cup, their first since 1940. He helped the United States win the 1996 World Cup of Hockey and was named as the Most Valuable Player.

Richter was able to record 300 regular season wins before he was forced to retire from playing professional ice hockey on September 3, 2003 because of a skull fracture and concussion. On February 4, 2004, the Rangers retired Richter's jersey #35.


Andrew Lewis (boxing)

Andrew Lewis (11 December 1970 – 4 May 2015), nicknamed "Six Heads", was a Guyanese professional boxer in the middleweight division. He was the WBA World Welterweight Champion.

Lewis was born in Georgetown. He died in a motorcycle accident, aged 44.

Ryan McHenry

Ryan McHenry (13 December 1987 – 2 May 2015) was a Scottish movie director. He was best known for the movie "Zombie Musical" in which he received a nomination for the Best Director at the 2011 British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards. He also created the popular "Ryan Gosling Won't Eat His Cereal" series on Vine.

McHenry was born in Dumfries. He died from osteosarcoma (a type of bone cancer), in Dumfries, aged 27.

Norman Thaddeus Vane

Norman Thaddeus Vane (July 7, 1928 – May 2, 2015) was an American screenwriter, producer, playwright and movie director. He served as writer for the 1968 movie "Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter". 

Later he was writer and associate producer of the movie "Lola". He wrote the screenplay for the 1972 movie, "". Vane went on to direct the 1983 movie, "Frightmare".

Vane died on May 2, 2015 from heart failure in Hollywood, California at age 86.


Joshua Ozersky

Joshua Ozersky (August 22, 1967 – May 4, 2015) was an American food writer and historian. He is known for being the finding editor of "New York" magazine's food blog, "Grub Street".


Macrococcus

Macrococcus is a genus of bacteria. The cells are coccoid or spherical. "Macrococcus" is gram-positive. It is catalase and oxidase-positive.

Ste-Anne Church (Ottawa)

Ste-Anne is a Catholic church building in the Lowertown neighbourhood of Ottawa, Canada. It was built in 1873 by architect J.P. LeCourt. It is built like churches in Quebec even though it is in Ontario. Ste-Anne is the home of St. Clement Parish, a bilingual parish community that celebrates the Mass and other sacraments in Latin using the 1962 Roman Missal.

In the 1870s, the French Catholics in Ottawa were meeting at Notre-Dame Cathedral. This church was too small for them, so Bishop Joseph-Bruno Guigues decided to make a new church. The church was designed by J.P. LeCourt and built by Pierre Rocque. Bishop Guigues laid the cornerstone on May 4, 1873.

In April 2009, part of the roof fell down. The church was closed for 18 months while the roof was fixed. When the church was opened again, not many people were meeting there anymore, so the Archdiocese of Ottawa closed it again. Archbishop Terrence Prendergast gave the church to St. Clement Parish, who started to meet there on June 3, 2012.

Ste-Anne Catholic Church is an important building in the history of Ottawa. The province of Ontario lists it as a designated heritage property. The church has a plaque that describes the history of the church.

The building is plain and made of stone. It has a round rose window like churches used to have in the Middle Ages. It has a steeple with four bells.

Frits Bolkestein

Frederik "Frits" Bolkestein (; born 4 April 1933) is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 16 January 1978, until 5 November 1982.


Hans Jansen

Johannes Juliaan Gijsbert "Hans" Jansen (17 November 1942 - 5 May 2015) was a Dutch scholar of contemporary Islam and politician in the Netherlands. He was born in Amsterdam. Until his death he was a Member of the European Parliament for the political party Party for Freedom.

Jansen died of a stroke at the age of 72.


Carly Fiorina

Cara Carleton "Carly" Fiorina (née Sneed; born September 6, 1954) is an American businesswoman. Fiorina is known for being Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Hewlett-Packard (HP) and Chair of the philanthropic organization Good360. She ran for the Republican Party's nomination of President of the United States in 2016. In March 2016, Fiorina endorsed Ted Cruz for the nomination. On April 27, 2016, Cruz named Fiorina as his running mate. Cruz dropped out of the race on May 3. On December 19, 2016, after Trump's victory in the election, the Electoral College convened; Fiorina received one electoral vote for Vice President of the United States.

As Chief Executive Officer of HP from 1999 to 2005, Fiorina was the first woman to lead a Top-20 company as ranked by "Fortune" Magazine. In 2002, Fiorina oversaw what was then the largest technology sector merger in history, in which HP acquired rival personal computer manufacturer, Compaq. The transaction made HP the world's largest seller of personal computers. HP subsequently laid off 30,000 U.S. employees in order to save 80,000 jobs. The company then grew to 150,000. In February 2005, she had to resign as CEO and Chair, following a boardroom disagreement.

Fiorina was born in Austin, Texas. Her parents were Joseph Tyree Sneed, III and Madelon Montross. She studied at Stanford University, at the University of Maryland, and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Fiorina was raised Episcopalian.

In 2002, Fiorina undertook the biggest high-tech merger in history with rival computer company Compaq, which made HP the world's largest personal computer manufacturer.

Fiorina performed unpaid service on the Defense Business Board, which looked at staffing issues, among others, at The Pentagon.

Fiorina spent two years leading the Central Intelligence Agency's External Advisory Board, from 2007 to 2009. She became chair of that board, when the board was first created in 2007 by then-CIA director Michael Hayden.

After resigning as CEO of HP, Fiorina served on the boards of several organizations and as an advisor to Republican John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign. She won the Republican nomination for the United States Senate from California in 2010. However, she lost the general election to incumbent Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer.

On November 4, 2009, Fiorina said she wanted to run in the 2010 Senate election. She wanted to remove Democrat Barbara Boxer from her spot as a senator.

On June 8, 2010, Fiorina won the Republican primary election for the Senate with over 50 percent of the vote. She beat Tom Campbell and State Assemblyman Chuck DeVore.

On November 4, 2010, Boxer won the general election with 52.2% to Fiorina's 42.2%. This was a good margin because a lot of Democrats were showing up to vote, especially in Los Angeles.

In May 2015, Fiorina announced she was running for President. She withdrew on February 10, 2016.

Fiorina was married to Todd Bartlem from 1977 until they divorced in 1984. She then married Frank Fiorina in 1985. Fiorina has said that she wanted to have children with Frank but "that wasn't God's plan".

Fiorina was diagnosed with stage II breast cancer in February 2009. She underwent a double mastectomy in March. It was followed by chemotherapy, which got rid of her hair for a while. She also later had radiation therapy. She was said to have a good chance to recover.

Fiorina is a Christian who believes that everyone is "equal in the eyes of God."


Austin St. John

Austin St. John (born Jason Geiger; September 17, 1974) is an American EMT and former actor and martial artist. He is best known for his role as Jason Lee Scott, the original Red Ranger and first leader of the Power Rangers on the television series "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers".

St. John holds a second-degree black belt in taekwondo, a first-degree black belt in judo, and is also a practitioner of kenpo. St. John has also worked as an emergency medical technician and firefighter in Washington, D.C. and on the East Coast.

He graduated from Concordia University.



River Avon

River Avon may refer to:







Avon River (Gippsland, Victoria)

The Avon River is a perennial river in the West Gippsland area of Victoria, Australia. When rain falls on the south eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, the water flows down the river to form the Gippsland Lakes.

The Avon River begins on the south eastern slopes of Mount Wellington, part of the Great Dividing Range. The river to the south, then east, then south by southeast, before reaching its mouth to form Lake Wellington. The Avon has ten tributaries including the Turton River and the Perry River. The Latrobe River also flows into Lake Wellington. This lake empties into Bass Strait through the Mitchell River south of Lakes Entrance. The Avon River drops over its course.

The upper parts of the river are inside the rugged, forested and largely inaccessible Avon Wilderness Park. The river then passes through hills covered in forest, and then through cleared farm land. Around Stratford the river is up to across, flowing through sand and pebble banks. Along the edge of the river is the Macallister Irrigation District. The water from this irrigation area flows into the river along Nuntin Creek which joins downstream of Stratford. 

The Avon does not have any large dams, and its water is mostly unused. Nearby, the Latrobe and Thomson Rivers supply Melbourne's drinking water, Australia's largest pulp and paper mill, the power industry in the Latrobe Valley, and irrigation, 

The Avon River was important to the indigenous Gunai/Kurnai people. At Knob Reserve, south of Stratford, is the Gunai/Kurnai "Bataluk Cultural Trail". This trail follows the paths used by the indigenous people of East Gippsland for 30,000 years.
In the Australian Aboriginal Brataualung language the river has two names, the first, Dooyeedang, has no known meaning. The second name, Kutbuntaura-wurk, means "fire carriers" and "wurk", meaning "land" or "country".

The river was named the Avoca River by the explorer Thomas Mitchell. It was named the Avon by Angus McMillan in about 1840.


J. M. Coetzee

John Maxwell Coetzee (born 9 February 1940) is a South African-Australian novelist, essayist, linguist, literacy critic, activist and translator. He won the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature. He has won the Booker Prize twice for "The Life and Times of Michael K" (1983) and "Disgrace" (1999). He writes his works in English, Afrikaans and Dutch. He moved to Australia in 2002 and became a citizen in 2006.

Coetzee was born in Cape Town to Afrikaner parents. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin and the University of Cape Town. He lives in Adelaide, South Australia with his partner Dorothy Driver. He was married to Philippa Jubber from 1963 to 1980. They had two children, son Nicholas (died 1989) and daughter Gisela.


Québec En Alerte

Québec En Alerte (Alert Ready Quebec) is a public emergency communication system of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is also an additional system to those already used in the municipalities. This system will be used to distribute to the population of the province or a particular area the emergency notifications, or alerts, issued by the Ministry of Public Security and Environment Canada. The notifications are transmitted to the population via the television stations, the radio stations and the Internet.

At the moment, the system seems to be on trial.

On May 5, 2015 at 13:58 EDT, a test was done. However, it was not successful. An other simulation will be planned soon.

The messages are, at the moment, in French only.

A text in white on a red background interrupts the program. The message begins and ends with an audio signal, such as this one. In case of a test, there is a test message. In case of a real alert, there is a message including the information about the event and the instructions to the population.

The notification begins and ends with an audio signal. The message is read by a person or a special system.


Errol Brown

Lester Errol Brown MBE (12 November 1943 – 6 May 2015) was a British-Jamaican singer and songwriter. He was best known as the frontman of soul band Hot Chocolate. Hot Chocolate's hits included "You Sexy Thing", "Emma", "So You Win Again" and "Brother Louie". Brown was born in Kingston, Jamaica.

Brown died of liver cancer at his home in the Bahamas on 6 May 2015, aged 71.


William Broomfield

William S. "Bill" Broomfield, (April 28, 1922 – February 20, 2019) was an American politician. He represented the U.S. state of Michigan in the United States House of Representatives from 1957 through 1993.

Broomfield died on February 20, 2019 in Kensington, Maryland at the age of 96.


Arno Schmidt

Arno Schmidt (18 January 1914 – 3 June 1979) was a German author and translator. He was born in Hamburg, Germany. He is considered to be one of the most important postwar German authors. His writing "ranges from (seemingly) straightforward stories to writing that assails the reader with a literary and linguistic density of the highest degree."
To make his most famous work, "Zettels Traum" ["Bottom's Dream"], Schmidt wrote 130,000 note cards ("Zettel"). The novel is written in an unusual way. The text is written in three columns on each page. Each column has a different theme. In addition, Schmidt used physical constructs in the novel that had to be added by hand. 



Spelt

Spelt ("Triticum spelta"), sometimes called dinkel wheat or hulled wheat, is a type of wheat. It has been cultivated since 5000 BC. It is a hexaploid wheat, which means it has six sets of chromosomes.

Spelt was an important staple food in parts of Europe from the Bronze Age to medieval times. It is still grown in Central Europe and northern Spain. Spelt originated before common wheat ("Triticum aestivum"), and that bread wheat is derived from spelt. 

Spelt has become more popular as a type of bread in recent years. Spelt costs more than modern wheats. One reason is that it is a minority product. It also needs an extra stage to remove its husks before milling (grinding).

Spelt needs less pesticide than normal wheat. Nutritionally, wholemeal spelt is similar to normal wholemeal wheat, with higher protein content. 

People with celiac disease should avoid eating spelt.

Lyceum

The Lyceum was originally a public meeting place in classical Athens. It became the meeting place for the discussion group or "school" of Aristotle. He founded the Peripatetic school there in 334/335 BC. The school was called "peripatetic" because they used to walk around as they discussed things. It was more like a college for young adults than what we now call a school.

The word "Lyceum" now means a school in most parts of Europe. Usually, it covers the last two or three years and prepares the pupils for university.

The school started when Athens fell under Macedonian rule, and the 50-year old Aristotle returned from Asia. Aristotle had been the tutor of Alexander of Macedonia, Alexander the Great. 
In Athens, he began teaching regularly in the morning in the Lyceum. The group of scholars who took part came to be known as the Peripatetics.

Aristotle encouraged cooperative research. His students were given projects as part of their studies. The school was also student run. They elected a new student administrator every ten days, which allowed the students to become involved in turn. 

During his conquests of Asian regions, Alexander collected plant and animal specimens for Aristotle’s research. Aristotle developed the first zoo and botanical garden in existence. Alexander may also have given money to the Lyceum. In 322 BC, Aristotle was forced to flee Athens with his family when the political leaders reacted against the Macedonians. Aristotle's published works supporting Macedonian rule left him a target. He passed on his Lyceum to Theophrastus and died later that year near his hometown.

Smoking (cooking)

Smoking is a treatment for food, to make it last longer. It is mainly used for meat and fish. The food which is either cured or salted is exposed to the smoke of a fire. This will reduce the amount of water by between ten and forty percent. It also changes the texture and adds flavour. It is not one of the most effective ways of adding any preservation

Guy Carawan

Guy Carawan (July 27, 1927 – May 2, 2015) was an American folk musician and musicologist. He served as music director and song leader for the Highlander Research and Education Center in New Market, Tennessee. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Carawan died in New Market, Tennessee at the age of 87.


New Market, Tennessee

New Market is a town in Jefferson County, Tennessee. It is part of the Morristown, Tennessee Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,334 at the 2010 census and 1,349 at the 2020 census.

Salting (food)

Salting is a treatment for food to make it last longer. Salting means that the food is treated with table salt. 

Salting is similar to pickling. In pickling, food is treated with brine. The main types of food that are salted are fish and meat. Bacon is an example of salted meat. It was discovered in the 19th century that salt mixed with nitrites (saltpeter) would color meats red, rather than grey, and consumers at that time then strongly preferred the red-colored meat. The food hence preserved stays healthy and fresh for days avoiding bacterial decay.

Salting is one of the ancient ways to preserve food.

Jesús Hermida

Jesús Hermida Pineda (27 June 1947 – 4 May 2015) was a Spanish journalist. He worked as a U.S. correspondent for Televisión Española in New York City. Hermida was born in Ayamonte, Huelva.

Hermida died from a stroke in Madrid at the age of 77.

Port Gibson, Mississippi

Port Gibson is a city in Claiborne County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,269 at the 2020 census. Port Gibson is the county seat of Claiborne County.

Pickling

Pickling is a method of making food last longer. In pickling, the food is put either into vinegar, or in salt water (called brine). This food is often put in an airtight jar. Pickling also changes the flavour of the food. 

The key to pickling is that it produces low pH, 4.6 or lower. This kills most bacteria. Pickling can preserve perishable foods for months. Anti-microbial herbs and spices, such as mustard seed, garlic, cinnamon or cloves, are often added.

Common pickled foods include eggs, onions and other vegetables.

Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ottawa

The Archdiocese of Ottawa () is a Catholic archdiocese in Canada. It includes part of the province of Ontario. It is also in charge of three other smaller dioceses: Hearst, Pembroke, and Timmins. Its leader is Archbishop Terrence Prendergast. It became an archdiocese on June 8, 1886.

 As of 2004, there are 111 parishes, 177 active diocesan priests, 102 religious priests, and 400,000 Catholics in the Archdiocese of Ottawa.There are also 848 women religious, 147 religious brothers, and 60 permanent deacons.

Here is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Ottawa:



Curing (food preservation)

Curing refers to several processes of food preservation where salt, nitrates, nitrites or sugar is added to make the food last longer. Curing is usually applied to fish, meat and vegetables.

Take-out

Take-out or takeout (also called "carry-out", "take away" or "parcel") is food prepared in a restaurant that is eaten somewhere else. A concept found in many ancient cultures, take-out food is now common worldwide. There are any number of different cuisines and dishes to choose from.

The concept of prepared meals to be eaten elsewhere dates back to antiquity. Market and roadside stalls selling food were common in both Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. In Pompeii, archaeologists have found a number of "thermopolia". These were service counters opening onto the street, which provided food to be taken away and eaten elsewhere. There is a distinct lack of formal dining and kitchen area in Pompeian homes. This suggests that eating, or at least cooking, at home was unusual. Over 200 "thermopolia" have been found in the ruins of Pompeii.

<br>

Emil Jones

Emil Jones, Jr. (born October 18, 1935 in Chicago, Illinois) was the President of the Illinois Senate from 2003 to 2009. A Democrat, Jones served in the Illinois Senate from 1983 to 2009, where he served as President of the Illinois Senate from 2003 to the end of his term. He was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1973 until 1983.

Jones was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Loop Junior College (now Harold Washington College) and at Roosevelt University. He was married twice. His first wife, Patricia Jones died. He had four children with her. He is now married to Lorrie Jones.


John Cullerton

John J. Cullerton (born October 28, 1948) is an American politician. He is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate. He represents the 6th district since his appointment in 1991. He was elected President of the Illinois Senate in 2009.


Ruud Lubbers

Rudolphus Franciscus Marie "Ruud" Lubbers (; 7 May 1939 – 14 February 2018) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 4 November 1982 until 22 August 1994. He was the youngest and longest serving Prime Minister in Dutch history.

In January 2001, Lubbers became the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. He resigned in February 2005 after a worker accused Lubbers of sexual harassment.

Lubbers died on 14 February 2018 in Rotterdam, at the age of 78.


Dries van Agt

Andreas Antonius Maria "Dries" van Agt (; 2 February 1931 – 5 February 2024) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 19 December 1977, until 4 November 1982.


Ray Bourque

Raymond Jean Bourque (born December 28, 1960) is a former Canadian ice hockey player. He played for the Boston Bruins team. Bourque is also an Olympian. He played for 21 seasons for the Boston Bruins. He was their longest-serving captain. On March 6, 2000 the Bruins traded Bourque to Colorado with Dave Andreychuk for Brian Rolston, Martin Grenier, Samuel Pahlsson and New Jersey's 1st round choice (previously acquired by Colorado) in 2000 Entry Draft. Bourque finished his career with the Colorado Avalanche. There he won his only Stanley Cup in his final NHL game. He officially announced his retirement on June 26, 2001.

Bourque was awarded the Norris Trophy as the NHL's best defenseman five times (1987, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1994) . His jersey, #77 for both the Boston Bruins and the Colorado Avalanche, was retired by both teams in his honor. In his first year of eligibility, 2004, Bourque was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Complete List of Career Awards:

Thaliacea

Thaliacea are free-floating animals with a ton-like appearance. Thaliaceae are Tunicates. They are filter feeders and live from plankton. Their reproduction is special, there is alternation of generations: One of the generations reproduces sexually, the following does not. Some of them form colonies.

Zeki Alasya

Zeki Alasya (18 April 1943 – 8 May 2015) was a Turkish actor and director. He began his acting career in the 1970s on television and movies, and directed about 20 movies. He also worked with comedian Metin Akpınar.

Alasya was born Istanbul and was of Turkish Cypriot ancestry. He died from liver disease, aged 72.

Józef Pazdur

Józef Pazdur (22 November 1924 – 7 May 2015) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1951. He was later named auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wrocław in 1984, and retired in 2000.

Soma

Soma is a term with two different origins:


Islamic Republic of Afghanistan

The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, sometimes abbreviated as IRA, is the name for the government that ruled Afghanistan between 2004 and 2021. In August 2021 during the Fall of Kabul, most of the city fell to the Taliban, and president Ashraf Ghani escaped from Afghanistan. On August 31, the Taliban had also taken the airport in Kabul.

The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan was founded following the United States invasion of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan in the earlier phases of the War in Afghanistan. Following this invasion, the Taliban started the Taliban insurgency against the new Afghan government. In 2014, Ashraf Ghani was elected to be the President of Afghanistan. In 2021, the Taliban launched the 2021 Taliban offensive. On 15 August 2021, the city of Kabul fell to the Taliban.


Atanas Semerdzhiev

Atanas Georgiev Semerdzhiev (21 May 1924 – 8 May 2015) was a Bulgarian politician. He served as the Vice President of Bulgaria from 1 August 1990 to 22 January 1992, under Zhelyu Zhelev. He was Army Chief of Staff from 1962 until the fall of communism in 1989. He was a member of the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP).

Semerdzhiev was born near Velingrad. He was a soldier during World War II.

Semerdzhiev died on 8 May 2015, aged 90.

Menashe Kadishman

Menashe Kadishman (lrm;; 21 August 1932 – 8 May 2015) was an Israeli sculptor and painter. He presented his artworks in central locations in Israel, such as Habima Square. His paintings can be found in many different galleries in Israel. He is most famous for his metallic sculptors and colorful paintings of sheep. In 1995, he won the Israel Prize.

Kadishman was born in Tel Aviv. He was divorced and had two children.

Kadishman died on 8 May 2015 in Ramat Gan, aged 82.

Zhivko Gospodinov

Zhivko Gospodinov (; 6 September 1957 – 4 May 2015) was a Bulgarian footballer. He was an attacking midfielder and playmaker. He played for Spartak Varna, Vatev Beloslav, Spartak Pleven, AD Fafe, Cherno More Varna and Beroe Stara Zagora from 1974 to 1992.

Gospodinov was born in Vladimirovo. He died on 4 May 2015 in Varna, aged 57.

Kava

Kava is a plant of the pepper family. It comes from Polynesia and other lands in the Pacific Islands.

The roots of the plant are used to make a drink with sedative and anesthetic properties. Kava is used in many cultures in the Pacific Ocean, besides its native Polynesia. These include Hawaii, Vanuatu, Melanesia and some parts of Micronesia. 

Kava can relieve pain and make people calm. It is usually taken as a drug to relax without losing mental clarity in thinking and remembering. Evidence collected in studies show Kava is likely more effective than a placebo at helping calm some mild anxiety.

John Dixon (cartoonist)

John Dangar Dixon (20 February 1929 – 7 May 2015) was an Australian comic book artist and writer. He was best known for his comic strip creation, "Air Hawk and the Flying Doctors", which ran from 1959 until 1986.

Dixon was born in Newcastle, New South Wales. He moved to the United States in the 1980s. In 2012, he was diagnosed with Lewy body dementia (LBD), a type of dementia related to Parkinson's disease. He was married to Sue and had two children.

Dixon had a stroke on 18 April 2015 at his home in the U.S. state of California. He died on 7 May, aged 86.

Lo Wing-lok

Lo Wing-lok (; 13 September 1954 – 9 May 2015) was a Hong Kong doctor and politician. He was a member of the Legislative Council for Medical from 2000 to 2004.

Lo was born in British Hong Kong. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong. His wife, Anna Yung Hiu-yan, died in 2013. They had a son.

Lo died from lung cancer on 9 May 2015 in Hong Kong, aged 60.

Leif Holger Larsen

Leif Holger Larsen (27 January 1954 – 8 May 2015) was a Norwegian diplomat. From 2014 until his death in 2015, he served as Norway's ambassador to Pakistan.

Larsen was born in Stavanger. He was married and had a son. Larsen died on 8 May 2015 in a helicopter crash in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. He was 61.

Domingo Lucenario Jr.

Domingo D. Lucenario, Jr. (3 September 1960 – 8 May 2015) was a Filipino diplomat. From 2013 until his death, he was the Ambassador to Pakistan.

Lucenario was born in Manila. He was married and had three children.

Lucenario died on 8 May 2015 in a helicopter crash in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. He was 54.

2015 Pakistan Army Mil Mi-17 crash

The 2015 Pakistan Army Mil Mi-17 crash happened on 8 May 2015 when a Pakistan Army helicopter crashed in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. Of the 17 passengers and three crew, eight people died, including ambassadors Domingo Lucenario, Jr. from the Philippines, Leif Holger Larsen from Norway, and Burhan Muhammad from Indonesia.

Phil Skoglund

Philip Charles "Phil" Skoglund (20 June 1937 – 8 May 2015) was a New Zealand lawn bowls player. He competed in three Commonwealth Games (1974, 1978, 1990). He competed in five World Championships (1966, 1972, 1980, 1984, 1988), winning a gold medal (triples 1988).

Skoglund was born in Palmerston North. He was the son of politician and cabinet minister Philip Oscar Skoglund and nephew of champion lawn bowls player Pete Skoglund.

Skoglund died on 8 May 2015 in Palmerston North, aged 77.

Maurice Flanagan

Sir Maurice Flanagan (17 October 1928 – 7 May 2015) was a British businessman. He was the founding CEO of Emirates. He was also the Executive Vice-Chairman of The Emirates Group.

Flanagan was born in Leigh, Lancashire. He was married to Audrey Bolton from 1955 until his death. They had three children. He lived in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Flanagan died on 7 May 2015 in London, aged 86.

Michael MacKellar

Michael John Randal MacKellar (27 October 1938 – 9 May 2015) was an Australian politician and agricultural scientist. He was the Liberal Member for Warringah from 25 October 1969 until 18 February 1994.

MacKellar was born in Moree, New South Wales. He had a partner and had three children. He died at the age of 76.

.5: The Gray Chapter

.5: The Gray Chapter is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band, Slipknot. ".5: The Gray Chapter" was released on October 17, 2014 through Roadrunner Records. 

It is Slipknot's first album to not feature bassist Paul Gray who died on May 24, 2010. It also did not feature drummer Joey Jordison who was fired from the band in December 2013.

The album peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, #18 on the Top Hard Rock Albums, and at #2 on the Top Rock Albums. In 2014, the song "The Negative One" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance. 

My Immortal

"My Immortal" is the third single from American rock band Evanescence's first studio album "Fallen". The song was released on December 8, 2003. 

The song's lyrics were written by guitarist Ben Moody from fiction, and the music was written by pianist Amy Lee, who also added the bridge. It is a piano and power ballad. The lyrics are about a spirit that haunts the memory of a grieving loved one. 

On the "Billboard" charts, "My Immortal" was able to peak at #7 on Hot 100, #2 on the Mainstream Top 40, #1 on the Adult Top 40, and #19 on the Adult Contemporary charts. In 2005, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. 


Nagoya University

, also known as , is a university in Nagoya, Japan. Its first name was "Nagoya Imperial University".

Six alumni and faculties of Nagoya University have received the Nobel Prize.


Igor Gorynin

Igor Vasilievich Gorynin (; 10 March 1926 – 9 May 2015) was a Russian metallurgist and politician. He was the creator of many new titanium and aluminium alloys, and reactor steels. He was also the inventor of the radiation hardened steels. He was the director of the Central Research Institute of Structural Materials (CRISM).

Gorynin was born in Leningrad. He died after a long illness on 9 May 2015 in Saint Petersburg, aged 89.

Mind control wasp

Hymenoepimecis argyraphaga is a Costa Rican parasitoid wasp whose host is the spider "Plesiometa argyra". The wasp modifies the spider's web building behavior to make a web of very strong lines. This supports the wasp's cocoon without breaking in the rain.

The adult female wasp temporarily paralyzes the spider and lays an egg on its abdomen. The egg hatches into a larva. The larva sucks the spider's blood through small holes, while the spider goes on about its normal web building and insect catching behavior.

When the larva is ready to pupate, it injects a chemical into the spider. This causes the spider to build a web whose design is completely different from any it has ever made. Then the spider sits still in the middle of the web.

The wasp larva then moults, kills the spider with a poison and sucks its body dry before discarding it and building a cocoon that hangs from the middle of the web the spider has just built. The larva pupates inside the cocoon, then emerges to mate and begin the cycle over again.

Don Getty

Donald Ross "Don" Getty, (August 30, 1933 – February 26, 2016) was a Canadian politician and football quarterback. He served as the 11th Premier of Alberta between 1985 and 1992.

A member of the Progressive Conservatives, he served as Energy Minister and Federal and Intergovernmental Affairs Minister in the government of Peter Lougheed before leaving politics for the private sector in 1979.

Before entering politics, Getty had been a quarterback for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He passed for more than eight thousand yards over his ten-year career, and was put on the team's Wall of Fame in 1992.

Getty died of heart failure at a hospital in Edmonton, Alberta on February 26, 2016 at the age of 82.

Glyptapanteles

Glyptapanteles is a genus of endoparasitoid wasp found in Central and North America. The larvae of the members of "Glyptapanteles" manipulate their hosts into serving as bodyguards.

Female "Glyptapanteles" stick their ovipositor into caterpillar hosts. The eggs hatch inside the caterpillar. The caterpillar feeds and grows normally until the 4th or 5th instar. Then up to 80 fully grown larvae emerge from its body to pupate.

After the larvae of "Glyptapanteles" emerge, the caterpillar takes up position near the cocoons of the pupae, arches its back, and ceases to move or feed. It will occasionally spin silk over the pupae. However, when disturbed, it begins to thrash violently. This behavior is to strike at and repel possible predators of the pupae, so improving the survival odds of the wasp pupae. Only about one in twenty non-parasitized caterpillars responded in this fashion. In 60% of cases, the parasitized caterpillars successfully warded off these potential predators. No longer eating, the affected caterpillar eventually dies.

Mortality rates for pupae not guarded by parasitized caterpillars were significantly higher.

In the course of Grosman's research, it was discovered that not all larval "Glyptapanteles" emerge from their caterpillar host. One or two remain behind and active. Probably these larvae manipulate the host. It is a kind of altruism, since these larvae miss their own chance of pupating in order to protect the brood.

Jacques Parizeau

Jacques Parizeau, GOQ, (; August 9, 1930 – June 1, 2015) was a Canadian economist and noted Quebec sovereigntist. He was born in Montreal. He was the 26th Premier of the province of Quebec from September 26, 1994, to January 29, 1996. He became a central figure alongside Lucien Bouchard for the "Yes" side in the 1995 Quebec referendum for the secession of Quebec from Canada. The citizens once again voted to stay in Canada. Jacques Parizeau quit as Premier of Quebec and as leader of the Parti Québécois in 1996 after the referendum failed.


Polydnavirus

The polydnaviruses (PDV) are a family of insect viruses. There are two genera: ichnoviruses (IV) and bracoviruses (BV). The ichnoviruses occur in ichneumonid wasps and bracoviruses in braconid wasps. 

The genome of the virus is composed of multiple segments of double-stranded DNA packed in capsid proteins and a double or single layer envelope. The sequences are quite different between BV and IV, suggesting that the two types evolved independently.

These viruses are part of a unique biological system with three parts: a parasitoid wasp, an insect (usually lepidopteran) larva, and the virus. The full genome of the virus is integrated into the genome of the wasp and the virus only replicates in a particular part of the ovary of pupal and adult female wasps. 

The virus is injected with the wasp egg into the body cavity of a host caterpillar and infects cells of the caterpillar. The infection does not lead to replication of new viruses, rather it affects the caterpillar's immune system. Without the virus infection, phagocytic haemocytes (blood cells) will kill the wasp egg. The immune suppression caused by the virus allows the wasp egg to survive. It hatches and develops in the caterpillar. Also, genes from the polydnavirus in the host alter host development and metabolism to be good for the growth and survival of the parasitoid larva. Thus the virus and wasp have a symbiotic (mutualistic) relationship.

Bill Davis

William Grenville "Bill" Davis, (July 30, 1929 – August 8, 2021) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Toronto. He was the 18th Premier of Ontario, Canada, from 1971 to 1985. 

In a 2012 edition, the Institute for Research on Public Policy's magazine, "Policy Options", named Davis the second-best Canadian premier of the last forty years, beaten only by Peter Lougheed.

Davis died on August 8, 2021 in Brampton, Ontario at the age of 92.

Dave Barrett

David Barrett (October 2, 1930 – February 2, 2018), commonly known as Dave Barrett, was a Canadian retired politician and social worker in British Columbia, Canada. He was the 26th Premier of British Columbia for three years between 1972 and 1975. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

In 2014, it was announced that Barrett had Alzheimer's disease and was living in a care facility in Victoria, British Columbia. He died on February 2, 2018, aged 87.

Howard Pawley

Howard Russell Pawley (November 21, 1934 – December 30, 2015) was a Canadian politician and professor. He was born in Brampton, Ontario. He moved to Winnipeg at age 17. He was the 18th Premier of Manitoba from 1981 to 1988.

Pawley died in a hospital in Windsor, Ontario from a short-illness on December 30, 2015 at the age of 81.

Roger Stuart Bacon

Roger Stuart Bacon (June 29, 1926 – October 4, 2021) was a Nova Scotia politician. He was born in Upper Nappan, Nova Scotia. He was the 21st Premier of Nova Scotia from 1990 to 1991. He was also a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly between 1970 until 1993. Bacon was a member of the Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia.

Bacon died on October 4, 2021 in Amherst, Nova Scotia at the age of 95.

Gerald Regan

Gerald Augustine Paul Regan (February 13, 1928 – November 26, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He served as the 19th Premier of Nova Scotia from 1970 to 1978. 

On October 27, 1993, CBC News revealed that the RCMP were investigating Regan for sexual misconduct. In March 1995 and May 1995 he was charged with a total of nineteen counts of sexual offences. Regan faced trial on eight charges including rape and attempted rape, for crimes committed in 1956 and 1969 against victims aged 14 and 18 at the time. 

On December 18, 1998, he was acquitted on all eight charges by a jury.

Regan died on November 26, 2019 in Bedford, Nova Scotia at the age of 91.

Martin Nag

Martin Nag (30 July 1927 – 2 May 2015) was a Norwegian literary historian, literary critic, poet, essayist, translator and biographer. He was born in Stavanger. Nag was known for his books "Uro, Rød lørdag" (1976) and "Steingjerde" (1991).

Nag died of a severe stroke in Oslo at the age of 88.

Kinnie

Kinnie is a carbonated soft drink from Malta. It was first developed in 1952 by Simonds Farsons Cisk in Malta. Kinnie is amber in colour. It has a bittersweet flavour. Kinnie is drunk straight or mixed with alcohol to create a mixed drink. Unlike cola products Kennie actually quenches thirst. The taste takes some getting used to. But it is very popular with locals and visitors.

Kinnie was first produced in 1952. It was an alternative to the cola drinks that were popular in post-war Europe. Kinnie's recipe is kept secret. The official website has more information about its ingredients. Kinnie may owe its bittersweet taste to a blend of "Mediterranean chinotto bitter oranges". It may be combined with a dozen different aromatic herbs and spices. These include anise, ginseng, vanilla, rhubarb and liquorice. A sales slogan was: "The problem with drinking kinnie is that you just can not get enough".

A diet version for Kinnie appeared in 1984. In 2007, a new low calorie version of Kinnie called "Kinnie Zest" was made available. This has a slightly darker colour and a stronger orange flavour. It is advertised as only having one calorie per bottle. The latest Kinnie variant is "Kinnie Vita" which is naturally sweetened using a blend of sugar and stevia leaf extract.

Kinnie is exported to the UK, Italy, Germany, Poland and the Netherlands, It is also exported to Libya and Canada. In recent years, Simonds Farsons Cisk also started to franchise Kinnie production overseas. As a result, Kinnie is now produced under licence in Australia. In March 2009, it was announced that Farsons were going to start exporting Kinnie into Russia. In the summer of 2010, Farsons and Kinnie UK Limited soft-launched Kinnie and its two variants in London's West End. They reached almost 100 trial outlets by September 2010.


Russell Wilson

Russell Carrington Wilson (born November 29, 1988) in Cincinnati, Ohio is the starting quarterback for the Denver Broncos. He wears the number 3.

Wilson was selected by the Seahawks in the third round in the 2012 National Football League draft. He led the Seahawks to a Super Bowl win in 2014 against the Denver Broncos led by Peyton Manning.

South Park (season 1)

The first season of "South Park", an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, aired on Comedy Central in the United States between August 13, 1997, and February 25, 1998, consisting of 13 episodes.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


South Park (season 2)

The second season of "South Park", an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, aired from April 1, 1998 to January 20, 1999. 

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Nymphaea pubescens

The hairy water lily or pink water-lily ("Nymphaea pubescens") is a species of water lily. It is the Official National flower of Bangladesh respectively.

Nana Shineflug

Elizabeth "Nana" Shineflug (1935 - 15 January 2015) was an American dancer and choreographer. She started and led the Chicago Moving Company, a modern-dance troupe. Her style was not traditional: "Shineflug nurtured our God-given right to weirdness...," according to critic Laura Molzahn.

Shineflug's maiden name was Elizabeth Strohmeier. She grew up in Evanston, Illinois.

Shineflug graduated from Northwestern University with a degree in mathematics. Later, she was awarded an M.A. (1986) and Graduate Certificate in Laban Movement Analysis from Columbia College, Chicago.
In 1972, she started the Chicago Moving Company. She taught at Columbia College Chicago in the Interdisciplinary Arts Graduate Program and the Theater Department. Shineflug also taught modern dance, Qi Gong, and Psychocalesthenics through the Chicago Moving Company. She also performed and taught in other countries.

Nana Shineflug died of cancer in her Glenview, Illinois home on 15 January 2015. She was seventy-nine years old.


Ficus benghalensis

Ficus benghalensis, commonly known as the banyan, banyan fig and Indian banyan, is a tree that grows in India and Bangladesh. Some Indian banyan trees are among the largest trees in the world. It is recognized as the National trees of both the countries of the Indian subcontinent. It is the largest canopy-holder tree of the world. It can spread up to 2000 feet of land. It is said by its scientific name that, this mammoth tree is native and endemic to the Great Bengal Region (both Bangladesh and West Bengal of India). In Buddhism the banyan’s habit of supplanting its host tree is likened to the manner in which humans are overcome by sensual desire. Interestingly, the name ‘banyan’ came about when early Portuguese travellers to India noted that traders, or banias, set up shop in the shade of these enormous trees. Eventually the Gujarati word for ‘merchant’ became the name of the tree itself. When traveling in the fascinating country of Bangladesh, be sure to take note of the most unusual banyan tree.

Sounds of the Universe

Sounds of the Universe is the twelfth studio album by Depeche Mode. The album was released on 21 April 2009. It was first and only studio album with label Capitol Records. It was also the first album since 2005, when they released Playing the Angel.

Johnny Gimble

John Paul "Johnny" Gimble (May 30, 1926 – May 9, 2015) was an American country musician. He played the fiddle and worked in the Western swing genre. From the 1970s, he won five Best Instrumentalist awards from the Country Music Awards and eight Best Fiddle Player awards from the Academy of Country Music. 

He worked with musicians including Merle Haggard, Willie Nelson, Chet Atkins, Carrie Underwood and Ray Price. He appeared on "Austin City Limits" and Garrison Keillor's broadcasts. He was also a member of the Million Dollar Band and his last album was "Celebrating with Friends" (2010). Gimble was nominated for a Grammy Award.

Gimble was born in Tyler, Texas. He had many strokes in his later life and died on May 9, 2015 in Dripping Springs, Texas. He was 88.

Rutger Gunnarsson

Rutger Gunnarsson (12 February 1946 – 8 May 2015) was a Swedish musician, bass guitarist, arranger and record producer. He was best known as a bassist for ABBA on tours and their albums, serving as a Kapellmeister. He also worked with artists including Celine Dion, Westlife, Elton John, Adam Ant, Bobbysocks, Gwen Stefani, Elin Lanto, Joyride and Alla Pugacheva.

Gunnarsson was born in Linköping Municipality, Östergötland County. He died in Stockholm, aged 69.

Ontario Heritage Act

The Ontario Heritage Act is a law that was made on March 5, 1975. It lets the Province of Ontario and cities protect important buildings and other places. These places are called designated heritage properties.
If a place is listed as an important place under the "Act", the person who owns the place needs to ask the government of their city to let them change any of the important parts of the place. They also need to ask the government to let them destroy any buildings.

Before 2005, people could still destroy buildings that were listed as important, even if the government of the city did not want to let them. They did this by waiting for 180 days after asking to destroy the building. Once 180 days were over, if the people who owned the buildings did not agree with the government of the city, the people who owned the buildings could destroy the building.

In 2005, the provincial government changed the Act. People who own important buildings are not allowed to destroy the buildings any more if the government of the city does not let them. If the government of the city does not let them destroy the building, they are allowed to ask the Conservation Review Board to let them do it anyway. If the Conservation Review Board does not let them destroy the building, then the person who owns the building is not allowed to destroy the building.

The change also says that people who own important buildings must take care of them so that the buildings will not fall.
There are some problems with the Ontario Heritage Act. Sometimes the government of a city will say that a place is important because they do not want anyone to make changes to the place, even though the place is not important. For example, one city said that a golf course was important because someone wanted to build houses there instead.

Another problem is that there are a lot of old churches that are important, but the people who use the churches sometimes need to make changes to the buildings because of their religion. The government of the city needs to be careful to let the people practice their religion but also needs to take care of the building.

Another problem is that there are a lot of buildings in Ontario that belong to the Government of Canada. These buildings are not protected by the "Act". The Government of Canada has laws that protect some of these buildings, but not all of them.

Terrence Prendergast

Terrence Thomas Prendergast, SJ (born 19 February 1944) is the Archbishop of Ottawa, Canada. He was formerly the Archbishop of Halifax. Prior to that he was the titular (in title only) Bishop of Slebte and Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto. 

Prendergast was born in Montreal. He became a Jesuit priest in 1972. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Fordham University. He then studied at Regis College, Toronto School of Theology, which was a part of Saint Mary's University in Halifax. There he earned a Master of Divinity and a Doctor of Theology degree.

Prendergast taught Latin and Greek at Loyola High School in Montreal from 1967 to 1969. After he became a priest and earned his Doctor of Theology degree, he taught in Halifax at the Atlantic School of Theology from 1975 to 1981. He was the rector of Toronto's Regis College from 1981 to 1987, and its Dean of Theology from 1991 to 1994. From 1992 to 1994 he helped Bishop Frederick Henry visit English-language Canadian seminaries for the Vatican. When he was asked to be Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto in 1995, he was a Visiting Professor at the École Biblique in Jerusalem.

Prendergast was chosen to become titular Bishop of Slebte and Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto on February 22, 1995. Prendergast was consecrated in St. Michael's Cathedral, Toronto, on April 25, 1995.

He became Archbishop of Halifax on September 14, 1998. The Archbishop of Halifax is in charge of dioceses in the provinces of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. Prendergast also became the Chancellor of Saint Mary's University in Halifax. This is because the university always had the archbishop as its chancellor. In 2007 the archdiocese and the university decided that the Archbishop would not be the chancellor anymore. Instead, he would be called the "Visitor" to the university.

Prendergast became the ninth Archbishop of Ottawa on June 26, 2007. He is also the Chancellor of Saint Paul University as the university has always had the archbishop as its chancellor.

Archbishop Prendergast has a sister and three brothers. He is devoted to his many nieces and nephews, as well as to his Jesuit religious family. His hobbies include squash, cycling, skating, foreign films and Italian cooking.

Craig Gruber

Craig Gruber (June 22, 1951 – May 5, 2015) was an American rock bassist and musician. He was best known as the original bassist in the English band Rainbow. He also played in Elf with vocalist Ronnie James Dio, keyboardist Mickey Lee Soule, drummer Gary Driscoll and guitarist David Feinstein.

Gruber died from prostate cancer on May 5, 2015 in Florida, aged 63.

Young Europeans Literary Award

The Young Europeans Literary Award started in 2008. Its goal is to promote European culture. The European Union National Institutes for Culture organises it. Each year 26 books are short listed, one book from each member of the European Union.




Dufferin County

Dufferin County is a county and census division in Ontario, Canada. The county seat is Orangeville. The county covers 1,486.31 square kilometers (573.87 square miles) and its population in 2011 is 56,881.

Dufferin County was formed in 1881 from parts of Grey County, Simcoe County, and Wellington County, Ontario. It was named after Frederick Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood, 1st Marquess of Dufferin and Ava, who was the Governor General of Canada from 1872 to 1878.

The county has four towns:
It also has four townships:

Haliburton County

Haliburton County is a county in Ontario, Canada. The county seat is Minden Hills. It was named after Thomas Chandler Haliburton, who helped bring settlers into the area. The county covers an area of 4,071.86 square kilometers (1,572.15 square miles) and has a population of 17,026, according to the 2011 census.

There are two townships in Haliburton: Algonquin Highlands and Minden Hills. It also has two municipalities: Dysart et al and Highlands East.

The county is a popular place for toruism, because there are so many lakes and rivers in the county for activities such as fishing and camping. Some of the popular places for tourists to visit are Boshkung Lake, Haliburton Lake, and Kawagama Lake, which is the largest lake in the county.

Dysart et al, Ontario

Dysart et al, is the Corporation of the United Townships of Dysart, Dudley, Harcourt, Guilford, Harburn, Bruton, Havelock, Eyre and Clyde. Dysart et al is a municipality in Haliburton County in Central Ontario, Canada. With 68 letters, it is the longest name of any place in Canada. According to the Canada 2011 Census, it had a population of 5,966.


David Defiagbon

David Dejiro Defiagbon (12 June 1970 – 24 November 2018) was a Nigerian-Canadian boxer. He competed for Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Defiagbon competed at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland, New Zealand. He won gold after defeating Greg Johnson. He fought for Nigeria at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He was defeated in the first round of the light middleweight division by Raúl Márquez 7 to 8.

At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, Defiagbon competed for Canada and was able to win a silver medal after he defeated Nate Jones. He was defeated by Félix Savón.

Defiagbon died of a heart attack in Las Vegas, Nevada on 28 November 2018 at the age of 48.


Myxophaga

Myxophaga is a small suborder of beetles. There are about 65 species of tiny beetles in four families. 

They are aquatic or semi-aquatic, and feed on algae.

Archostemata

Archostemata is the smallest suborder of beetles. There are less than fifty known species.

Archostemata is an ancient lineage with a number of primitive characteristics. They are similar to the first beetles, which appear in the fossil record about 250 million years ago. The suborder contains the only paedogenic beetles, "Micromalthus debilis".

These beetles are rare. Fossil deposits from the Permian suggest that Archostemata were once much more common and were widespread over the globe. The species which remain are just scattered vestiges of their former population.

"Abundant cladistic and fossil evidence shows the Archostematans are the basal suborder of [true] beetles",



Protocoleoptera

The Protocoleoptera are the earliest beetles in the fossil record.

Interpreting the early fossil record of beetles has been difficult because their forewings are modified as elytra. So no wing veins are visible. Wing veins are the main way insect specialists classify insects.


Mark Leduc

Mark Leduc (May 4, 1962 – July 22, 2009) was a Canadian boxer. He competed for Canada at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Leduc began his training in the East End of Toronto. His parents divorced when he was 15 and he had to live on the streets. Leduc was arrested for robbing a jewellery store at gunpoint and he was sentenced to spend six years at the Collins Bay Penitentiary in Kingston, Ontario. He was released from prison after serving 3 years.

At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Leduc competed for Canada and was able to win a silver medal. He defeated Leonard Doroftei 13-6 and was defeated by Héctor Vinent 1-11. In 1992, he turned pro and he had limited success. He recorded a record of 4-1-0 after losing to Michel Galarneau and retired.

In 1993, Leduc spoke on CBC Radio's documentary "The Last Closet" about being a gay athlete. He was not ready to come out yet and he spoke anonymously and through a voice filter. He officially came out as gay on the TV documentary "For the Love of the Game" in 1994.

On July 22, 2009, Leduc collapsed in the sauna of a local hotel in Toronto and died. Doctors said that he may have died due to heat stroke.


Milton, Stirling

Milton is a hamlet in Stirling, Scotland near the bigger village Aberfoyle. It was named after a mill that is no longer used. The mill has a cast iron millwheel from 1667.


Everybody's Fool

"Everybody's Fool" is the fourth and last single from American rock band Evanescence's first studio album "Fallen". The song was released in April 19, 2004. Amy Lee wrote the song in 1999 about the promotion of unrealistic, sexualized images in the industry and the negative influence on the youth. She said it was not about a specific person, and the marketed imagery was deceptive and harmful as "nobody looks like that ... and it's really hurting a lot of girls' and women's self images."

"Everybody's Fool" peaked at #36 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.

The music video for "Everybody's Fool" was directed by Philipp Stölzl and filmed in Los Angeles, California in 5-7 April 2004. The video features Lee in different characters, including a wholesome teenager, a biker chick, a pop idol, and a glamorous spokesmodel. Talking about the filming, Lee said: "There's this one scene with everybody on motorbikes that every time I see it I just crack up. It's the slow-mo scene where I take off the helmet and swoosh my hair and look at the camera, and it kills me. It's so hilarious, it's ridiculous. [...] It's a really different thing for us to do because it's not performance at all. Everybody was laughing at me the whole time. I was just like, 'Please don't laugh at me. Just give me five minutes so I can do this.

Before the song begins, Lee appears in a TV commercial with blonde hair, a blue blouse, and a long white skirt, and comes out of the kitchen holding a frozen pizza straight from the oven. She introduces the pizza to her family, and as the camera zooms in to show the makeup artists fixing her makeup, the brand name on the pizza box is visible and is called Lies. "There's nothing better than a good lie," says Lee cheerfully with a smile. Scenes where Lee cries in a hotel room and demonstrates his unhappiness as he removes his makeup. These scenes are followed by a scene where Lee appears with "luxury wigs and dangling diamond earrings." He also appears on a motorcycle in an advertisement for the soda brand "Lies", which offers the consumer the opportunity to "be someone".

In a Japanese-style ad with both Japanese and English lyrics, she plays a doll with pink hair in another ad. Every scene ends with Lee crying. During the chorus, two girls in the elevator laugh at the model's appearance, claiming that she looks much older than they thought. In the next scene, she is shown in the bathtub singing a song to herself. Another segment shows him breaking a mirror with his hand due to the immense anguish that begins to bleed uncontrollably. In the final scene, he is standing on the building's balcony crying and screaming as he sees a huge billboard with one of his advertisements saying that "You're not real so you can't save me" and that the audience is unaware of how he really lives.The message of the video is in the name of the products her character advertises, "Lies". Lee conceptualized the video around the lyrics to the song. She said the video is "more along the lines of exposing the real behind-the-scenes [lives] of some of these people. It's basically showing the glamorous lifestyle and the depressed, selfish misery behind it." She added that the topic was "like beating a dead horse at this point, but at the time [of writing the song] Britney Spears was just coming out. But I still think it's relevant. Lee said a lot of scenes were cut from the video by music-video stations, including a pill-popping scene, and she was happy that at least "the blood stayed in".

Joe D'Angelo of MTV News wrote that the video "comments on the correlation between a phony facade and corroded self-esteem." The scenes end with Lee "contemplating her deeds on the verge of tears", and she "realizes that besides the products, her advertisements were also selling negative self-images". The Montreal Gazette's Jordan Zivitz said it is "both an effective statement on impossible ideals of beauty (scenes in which the haggard singer rages in a dingy apartment are contrasted with fake commercials in which she's made up to the nines), and a great satire on picture-perfect videos", while Lee's portrayal has "a ring of truth to it" as she "doesn't have much love for the widely embraced model of human perfection.


Lokiarchaeota

The Lokiarchaeota are a proposed phylum of the Archaea. It was proposed in 2015 after the composite genome of Lokiarchaeum was sequenced.

The "Lokiarchaeum" genome has 5,381 protein coding genes. Of these, about 32% do not correspond to any known protein. 26% closely resemble archeal proteins, and 29% correspond to bacterial proteins. This is consistent with previous research which suggests significant gene transfer between bacteria and Archaea. 

A small, but significant portion of the proteins (175, 3.3%) were most similar to eukaryotic proteins. Analysis suggested the genes in question had their origin at the base of the eukaryotic clades. In eukaryotes, the function of these proteins include cell membrane and cell shape formation, and a dynamic protein cytoskeleton. 

Another shared protein, actin, is used in phagocytosis by eukaryotes. Phagocytosis is the ability to engulf and consume another particle. This ability is required for the endosymbiotic origin of mitochondria. Cells with mitochondria is one of the key differences between prokaryotes and eukaryotes. In a widely accepted theory, mitochondria began as bacteria and were gradually incorporated into eukaryotic cells. Chloroplasts had a similar origin.

Brian Sedgemore

Brian Charles John Sedgemore (17 March 1937 – 5 May 2015) was a Labour Party politician. He was a Member of Parliament from 1974 until 1979, and from 1983 until 2005. He defected to the Liberal Democrats shortly before he stood down at the 2005 general election.

Sam Rayburn

Samuel Taliaferro "Sam" Rayburn (January 6, 1882 – November 16, 1961) was an American politician. He served as the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1940 through 1947, again from 1949 through 1953, and again from 1955 through 1961.

He died of cancer at the age of 79 and is buried at Willow Wild Cemetery.


Luiz Henrique da Silveira

Luiz Henrique da Silveira (February 25, 1940 – May 10, 2015) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He represented Santa Catarina in the Federal Senate since 2011. He was governor of Santa Catarina from 2003 to 2006 and 2007 to 2010. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement .

da Silveira died in Joinville, Santa Catarina from a heart attack, aged 75.

Ragne Tangen

Ragne Tangen (12 March 1927 – 9 May 2015) was a Norwegian children's television presenter. Her career began in 1958. She then made the first children's television program in Norway, "I kosekroken".

Tangen died on 9 May 2015 at the age of 88.

Nathalia Timberg

Nathalia Elisa Timberg (born August 5, 1929 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress. She is one of the most well known and longest active Brazilian actresses of cinema, theater and television. She is known for her roles in Brazilian telenovelas (soap operas) such as in "Celebridade", "Força de um Desejo", and in "Páginas da Vida".

Ninad Bedekar

Ninad Gangadhar Bedekar (17 August 1949 – 10 May 2015) was an Indian historian, writer and orator. He was from Pune, Maharashtra, India. He wrote many books and also wrote scripts from television shows such as Son et lumière show and for the television serial "Peshwai".

Markiplier

Mark Edward Fischbach (born June 28, 1989), known by his YouTube username Markiplier, is an American internet personality, video game commentator and charity fundraiser.

Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, Fischbach began his career in Cincinnati, Ohio. His father, Cliffton M. Fischbach, was of German descent, while his mother is Korean. He studied Civil Engineering at the University of Cincinnati, later changing his degree to Biomedical Engineering. He later left college and started his YouTube career.

Fischbach moved to Los Angeles, California in 2014, wanting to be closer to the YouTube scene.

, his channel has over 9 billion total video views and 22 million subscribers, and is currently the 36th most-subscribed channel on YouTube.

Fischbach plays in Let's Play videos, commonly of survival horror video games.

In 2017, Fischbach began his first improv tour, known as the "You're Welcome Tour", which spanned from North America to Europe and Australia.

Fischbach has done multiple charity streams and fundraisers with other YouTubers. "Forbes" reported in 2017 that Fischbach and his fans had helped raise roughly $3 million for charity in past fundraising streams. In April 2018, he raised $1,506,793.81 in charities.

On November 15, 2019, Fischbach created a new channel with YouTuber Ethan Nestor (known online as CrankGameplays) called Unus Annus, a channel which planned to upload a video every day for one year, after which the channel would be deleted along with its videos. The channel had 1 million subscribers in its first 5 days and 4.56 million in its last few minutes. The channel was deleted on November 14, 2020. The channel was meant to remind viewers about life and death and how quickly both can come and go.

Fischbach, along with Wade Barnes (LordMinion777) and Bob Muyskens (Muyskerm) has streamed a podcast on Twitch called "3 Peens in a Podcast" since 2018.

In 2019, Fischbach co-produced and starred in Edge of Sleep, an audio drama released on iTunes.

In May 2021, Fischbach announced that he, Barnes, and Muyskens would be starting a podcast called "Distractible".

Fischbach created an OnlyFans account where any money he would get from subscribers would be split evenly between the Cincinnati Children's Hospital and the World Food Programme. He promised to post "tasteful nudes" on his Only Fans account. He officially created the account on December 9, 2022, and the increase of people going to the website caused the site to crash on the same day.


National Airlines

National Airlines (1934–1980) was an airline of the United States. It began in 1934. The airline was known for its coast-to coast flights between Miami, Los Angeles and New York City. Pan American World Airways bought National in 1979.

The airline was founded in Jacksonville, Florida by George T. Baker. During its first few years, it mostly flew between Florida and the southern US. It began service to Havana, Cuba in 1946 and it stopped in 1961 because of the Cuban embargo. In the 1970s National started flying to cities in Europe like, Amsterdam and London. Pan American World Airways completed it's merger process with National in January 1980.

Royal Jordanian

Royal Jordanian Airlines, formerly known as Alia Royal Jordanian Airlines, is the main airline of Jordan with its head office in the capital, Amman. The airline operates scheduled international services over four continents from its main base at Queen Alia International Airport, with over 500 flights per week and at least 110 per day. It joined the Oneworld airline alliance in 2007.

The airline was established on 9 December 1963 and started operations on 15 December 1963 after a royal decree by the late King Hussein. It was named "Alia" (or "Aalya") after King Hussein's eldest child, Princess Alia bint Al Hussein of Jordan (born on 13 February 1956). It is a common misconception that the airline was named after the King's third wife, Queen Alia, whom King Hussein did not marry until 1972.

Alia (the Royal Jordanian Airline) started operations with two Handley Page Dart Heralds and a Douglas DC-7 aircraft, serving Kuwait City, Beirut and Cairo from Amman. In 1964, another DC-7 was added and service began to Jeddah. In 1965, Alia initiated service to Rome, its first destination in Europe. The progress made by the airline was threatened by an Israeli air raid during the 1967 Six-Day War when the DC-7 aircraft were destroyed. They were replaced by two Fokker F27 Friendship airliners.

In 1970, Alia got rid of the F27s and got Boeing 707 aircraft. Alia began flights to Frankfurt and Abu Dhabi. The 707s were delivered in 1971. In that year, flights began to Madrid, Copenhagen and Karachi. During the rest of the decade, Boeing 727s and Boeing 747s were added to the fleet. A catering department was established, and duty-free shops were opened at Amman airport. Services were added to destinations including Bahrain, Dubai, Muscat, Rabat, Geneva, Amsterdam, Baghdad, Bangkok, Vienna, Damascus, New York City, Houston, and Ras al-Khaimah.

In the 1980s, Tunis and Tripoli joined the route map, and Alia's IBM computer center was completed. Lockheed L-1011 Tristars, Airbus A310s and Airbus A320s joined the fleet. In 1986, Alia changed its name to Royal Jordanian. In November 1997, Royal Jordanian became a code-sharing partner with the US carrier Trans World Airlines and moved operations into the TWA Flight Center (Terminal 5) at the John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York. 

The first of Royal Jordanian's Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft (267-seat, two-class configuration) entered service in September 2014, initially linking Amman with Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The 787 Dreamliner is Royal Jordanian's first Boeing aircraft since the 707s and 747s, and replaced the Airbus A340-200s which had nearly reached the end of their lives. The Dreamliners have also replaced the Airbus A330-200s as leases on those aircraft had expired. The Dreamliners are generally used on Royal Jordanian's Far East destinations and to London and North America.

Royal Jordanian codeshares with the following airlines:


As of September 2020, the Royal Jordanian fleet consists of the following aircraft:

Royal Jordanian previously operated the following aircraft types:
From 1963 to 1986, the original livery of Royal Jordanian Airlines consisted of a white fuselage with both red and gold cheatlines.

In December 1986, the airline changed its name from Alia Royal Jordanian Airlines to simply Royal Jordanian Airlines, which coincided the arrival of Airbus A310 and Airbus A320 airliners. The new livery consisted of a charcoal grey fuselage with the same red and gold cheatlines, similar to the earlier version. The tail consists of a golden crown with a red tip on the charcoal grey coloured aircraft tail.

Until 2009, Royal Jordanian had never had an aircraft painted in a special colour scheme. It announced at the 10th birthday celebrations in February 2009 of the airline alliance Oneworld that it would paint its new A319 due for delivery in late March in a special scheme, which would be based around the Oneworld name and logo. The aircraft, registration JY-AYP, has its fuselage painted white, with the tailfin and engines in normal Royal Jordanian colors. "A member of Oneworld" in prominent lettering is located at the front of the aircraft, with the usual title "Royal Jordanian" further back.

In October 2021, Royal Jordanian unveiled "Discover Petra" special livery on one of its Boeing 787 Dreamliners, registered JY-BAH.

A month later, in November 2021, the airline revealed an Airbus A321, JY-AYV, in its retro "Alia" livery. The aircraft's first flight in the new paint scheme was to London Heathrow.

Don Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla International Airport

Don Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla International Airport or "Guadalajara International Airport", is an airport in Guadalajara, Mexico. It opened in 1966. 

These are the airlines that go to Guadalajara Airport:

Glenview, Illinois

Glenview is a village in northeastern Illinois, USA. It is about north of downtown Chicago in Cook County, Illinois. According to the 2020 United States Census, the village population was 48,705.

The village was named by a popular vote in 1895. It was incorporated as a village in 1899. There were 325 adults in Glenview that year.

For many years, it was home to the Naval Air Station Glenview, until the station was closed down and converted to a prairie park, a lake, and residential and commercial properties in the early 1990s. 

The median age in 2020 was 46.3. There were 25,578 (52.5%) women, and 23,127 (47.5%) men. There were 17,855 households.

Glenview has a continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa). The summers are generally wetter than the winters:

The highest recorded temperature was in June 1988; the lowest recorded temperature was in January 1982.

Job satisfaction

Job satisfaction or employee satisfaction has been defined in different ways. It may be as simple as the feeling of satisfaction with a job. If a person likes their job, they feel job satisfaction. When an employee performs their work well, they feel a sense of job satisfaction. If a worker has good relationships with their boss and their coworkers, they feel job satisfaction. Psychologists who study the behavior of industries and organizations also look at job satisfaction in different ways.

Assessments of job satisfaction became commonplace in the 1930s. In 1934, R.S. Uhrbrock was one of the first psychologists to use new techniques to assess factory worker attitudes. In 1935, R. Hoppock published a study of 500 teachers on how satisfied they were with their jobs. This study found that job satisfaction is affected by the work, the coworkers, and the managers. Before the 1930s, not many job satisfaction studies were published.

Many factors influence job satisfaction. Some factors are environmental. They are particular to a situation. They come from the work and the workplace. 

In 1976, Edwin A. Locke wrote about the factors that lead to satisfaction or dissatisfaction at work. Although this list was written in the 20th century, many factors are the same in the 21st century also. 

A person can feel satisfied with their job if they get a good evaluation of their work. Company policies, for example, about how employees are supervised, can influence job satisfaction. Pay is another factor in job satisfaction. Achievement or recognition can also make a person feel job satisfaction. Opportunities for promotions to jobs with higher rank can increase job satisfaction. 

One of the most important aspects of work in a modern organization is communication. A communication load is the amount and the speed and the complexity of communication that a person has to process. People can experience communication overload. This is when they get too much information in too short a period of time. Or, when they get information that is too complex to process in a short period of time. People can also experience communication underload. This is when they do not get enough information. Both communication overload and communication underload can affect the level of job satisfaction. If a person receives too much communication or not enough communication on the job, they are more likely to become dissatisfied and unhappy with their work. This can lead to a low level of job satisfaction. 

A 2013 study surveyed 2.5 million employees in the United States. According to the study, the most important factors for job satisfaction are:
If a job has all of these factors, people feel more satisfied and loyal to the company.

Some factors in job satisfaction are personal or individual. Each person is affected in their own unique way. 

Moods and emotions at work are related to job satisfaction. Positive and negative emotions are related to overall job satisfaction.

Genetics play a role in job satisfaction. One scientific experiment studied twins who were raised apart. Researchers measured the influence of genetics on the twins' job satisfaction. The study found that 70% of job satisfaction comes from the environment and 30% comes from genetic factors.

Some research shows a connection between personality and job satisfaction. Employees who do not feel alienated, or left out, have more job satisfaction. Employees who feel in control of their situation also have more job satisfaction. They show more involvement in their job and more commitment to the company.

Psychological well-being (PWB) is how well a person's mind functions overall. It involves every part of a person's life: work, family, community, etc. PWB in the workplace plays an important role in determining job satisfaction and has attracted much research attention in recent years. These studies focused on the effects of PWB on job satisfaction and job performance. Research published in 2000 showed a strong connection between PWB and job satisfaction. A second study by the same authors in 2007 had similar results. These studies showed that PWB predicts job performance better than job satisfaction does.

Researchers have various ways to measure job satisfaction. The Job Descriptive Index measures job satisfaction in 5 ways: pay, promotions, coworkers, bosses, and the work itself. The survey is simple. People answer yes, no, or ‘?’. There are other job satisfaction surveys, for example, the Job Satisfaction Survey and the Faces Scale. The Job Satisfaction Survey asks 36 questions about 9 factors in job satisfaction. The Faces Scale asks only one question. People answer by choosing a face.


Frank DiPascali

Frank DiPascali, Jr. (October 28, 1956 – May 7, 2015) was an American financer who was the finance chief for Bernard Madoff. On August 11, 2009, he pled guilty to ten counts related to the Madoff investment scandal, a Ponzi scheme.

DiPascali was born in Queens, New York. He was of Italian ancestry. He died from lung cancer, aged 58.

Wilberfoss

Wilberfoss is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is on the north side of the A1079 about east of York city centre. It is northwest of Market Weighton. According to the 2011 census, 1,866 people live in Wilberfoss parish. That is 11 more than were living there ten years earlier.

<br>

Kim Kyok-sik

Kim Kyok-sik (; 5 October 1938 – 10 May 2015) was a North Korean general and politician. From November 2012 until May 2013, he was the Defence Minister of North Korea. He was thought to have been behind two attacks on South Korea that killed 50 people in 2010.

Kim died from acute respiratory failure on 10 May 2015, aged 76.

The Pale Emperor

The Pale Emperor is the ninth studio album by American rock band, Marilyn Manson. "The Pale Emperor" was released on January 15, 2015 through Hell, etc.. Manson dedicated the album to his late mother, Barbara Warner, who died on May 13, 2014 after an eight-year battle with Alzheimer's disease and dementia.

The album peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" 200, #6 on the Top Album Sales, #3 on the Top Rock Albums, #3 on the Top Alternative Albums, and at #1 on the Top Hard Rock Albums.

Ceriantharia

The tube-dwelling anemones ("Ceriantharia") are a subclass of the Anthozoa. They resemble sea anemones. Sea anemones have a base plate, tube-dwelling anemones do not. 

Most tube-dwelling anemones reproduce sexually. About 100 species have been described; most live in a depth of less than . Unlike sea anemones, tube-dwelling anemones live in soft sediments. The name "tube-dwelling anemone" comes from the fact that these animals build a tube out of the sandy sediments. In the case of danger, they retract into the tube. 

Excise stamps of Russia

Excise stamps of Russia are a kind of Russian revenue stamps. They were issued according to the governmental order of the Russian Federation. On 14 April 1994 they adopted resolution number 319 "Introduction of excise stamps in the Russian Federation". Certain goods produced in Russia or imported to the territory of Russia are subject to excise tax including:

Selling of goods subject to this law without affixing excise stamps is prohibited in the territory of Russia since 1 January 1995.

The law was amended by later decrees of the Russian Government.

Excise stamps of Ukraine

Excise stamps of Ukraine are a kind of Ukrainian revenue stamps to collect excise tax. They are used in accordance with the Ukraine's presidential decree of 18 September 1995 "On approval of the excise duty on alcoholic beverages and tobacco products".

On 24 October 1996, there was another decree of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, "On approval of the production, storage and sale of excise stamps and marking of alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, and the sale or destruction of the confiscated alcoholic beverages and tobacco products". It introduced excise stamps into circulation in Ukraine.

The law was amended by later decrees of the Ukrainian Government.


University of the People

University of the People (UoPeople) is a non-profit, accredited online institution of higher education in Pasadena, California, United States. It currently offers academic degrees in business administration and computer science.

The mission of the school is to offer any qualified student affordable and quality educational programs. 

The school was founded by Shai Reshef in January 2009. It partners with institutions such as New York University and Yale University. It has received grants from Google, Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard.

Students pay a registration fee of $60. They do not pay annual tuition fees. Instead, they pay $100 each time they take an examination. One does not have to buy books. Open source online textbooks can be used.

To complete an associate degree (A.S.), a student must take 20 exams. 40 exams are needed for a bachelor's degree. This costs a total of $2,000 and $4,000 respectively. Students who cannot afford to pay can apply for scholarships.


Scleractinia

Scleractinia, also called stony corals or hard corals, an order in the Cnidaria. It contains the polyps which build most coral reefs. 

Most of these corals are colonial. They secrete calcium carbonate, the base of every reef. Very often, the corals form a symbiosis with unicellular dinoflagellates. These zooxanthellae are usually of the genus "Symbiodinium". 

The closest relatives to stony corals are the sea anemones. Stony corals are only distantly related to fire corals and soft corals. There are about 1500 species, in 35 families. 

Heydar Aliyev

Heydar Alirza oglu Aliyev or Heydar Aliyev (, ; 10 May 1923 – 12 December 2003), also spelled Heidar Aliev or Haidar Aliev was the third President of Azerbaijan for the New Azerbaijan Party from October 1993 to October 2003. His son Ilham Aliyev succeeded him.

From 1969 to 1982, Aliyev was also the leader of Soviet Azerbaijan, effectively dominating the political life of Azerbaijan for many years.


Ayaz Mutallibov

Ayaz Niyazi oglu Mutallibov (, ; 12 May 1938 – 27 March 2022) was an Azerbaijani politician. He was the last leader of Soviet Azerbaijan. Mutallibov was also the first President of independent Azerbaijan. He was president from October 1991 until May 1992.

Mutallibov died on 27 March 2022 in Baku, Azerbaijan at the age of 83.


Jef Geeraerts

Jef Geeraerts (Jozef Adriaan Anna Geeraerts, 23 February 1930 - 11 May 2015) was a Belgian writer. He was born in Antwerp. He decided to become a writer. He went to the University of Brussels to study Germanic languages. He was known for his books "Gangreen 1" ("Black Venus"), "Gangreen 2" ("De Goede Moordenaar"), "Gangreen 3" ("Het Teken van de Hond") and "Gangreen 4" ("Het Zevende Zegel").

Geeraerts died of a heart attack in Ghent at the age of 85.


Buck Henry

Henry Zuckerman (December 9, 1930 – January 8, 2020), credited as Buck Henry, was an American actor, screenwriter, and director. He was a cast member of "Saturday Night Live". He was nominated for an Academy Award twice, in 1968 for Best Adapted Screenplay for "The Graduate" and in 1979 for Best Director for "Heaven Can Wait".

On January 8, 2020, Henry died from a heart attack at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. He was 89.

Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)

"Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was written in honor of the September 11 attacks. It was introduced at the Country Music Association's annual awards show on November 7, 2001. 

It was released in November 2001 as the lead single from the album "Drive", and reached the top of the U.S. "Billboard" country charts.

Maltese (dog)

The Maltese is a small dog that originated in Malta and brought around the Mediterranean. Phoenician traders may have brought precursors of this dog to Ancient Egypt. The tomb of Ramesses II contains statues of dogs, which resemble the Maltese. The name of the dog came from the island Malta. Maltese dogs are small, up to about in length, and in weight.

Octocorallia

Octocorallia is a subclass of the Anthozoa in the phylum Cnidaria. There are over 3.000 different species.

These animals have an eight-fold symmetry. Most are colonial sessile polyps. Octocorallia look like the stony corals. Stony corals have a six-fold symmetry, and are classified in the group Hexacorallia. Unlike the stony corals, most Octocoralllia lack a lasting skeleton. For this reason, they do not build coral reefs. An older name for this group is Alcyonaria. 

Many species form symbioses with unicellular algae. Octocorallia have many enemies: For this reason, many are toxic, or they taste bad. Many species of the Octocorallia can reproduce both sexually and asexually: It is common to find a colony of Octocorallia, where most polyps have the same sex.

Zoantharia

Zoantharia is an order of Anthozoa. Unlike the stony corals, these species do not have a hard skeleton. Most are very small. Some species form colonies.

Zoanthids can be distinguished from other colonial anthozoans and soft corals. Most of them (but not the family Zoanthidae) include sand and other bits of material in their tissue to help build their structure. The main characteristic of the order is that their tentacles are organised in two distinct rows.

Persian couriers

Persian couriers were ancient mounted messengers (despatch riders) kept ready at regular stages throughout old Persia for carrying the royal despatches at the time of the Achaemenid Empire.

In Ancient Greek, Persian courier was called "ἄγγαρος" (ángaros, “Persian mounted courier”), whence Latin "angarius", which is probably from an East Asian language (e.g., Sanskrit "अजिरा" (ajirā, “agile, swift”)). The word "angel" ("ἄγγελος") is probably loaned from and related to Greek "ἄγγαρος".

In about 440 BC, Herodotus wrote in "The Histories" (book 8.98) about the Persian couriers:

Paraphrase of the Herodotus description was used by the United States Postal Service as a motto on the entrance to the Central Post Office building in New York City: ""Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.""


Bo Belinsky

Robert "Bo" Belinsky (December 7, 1936 – November 23, 2001) was an American left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. He became a California celebrity as a rookie with the original Los Angeles Angels. He is best known for pitching a no-hitter against his former Major League Baseball team, the Baltimore Orioles, in 1962. Belinsky is one of only two pitchers in the history of the Angels to start his career with a four-game winning streak or better. The other was Jered Weaver, in 2006.

Belinksy was born in New York City, to a Polish-American Catholic father and a Jewish mother. He grew up in Trenton, New Jersey. He became a "street rat" and one-time pool gambler. Belinsky was already getting in trouble while still in the minor leagues for partying at night. He pitched for several seasons in the Baltimore Orioles minor leagues. His career and life changed when the Angels picked him in a minor league draft for the 1962 season. 
Belinsky had a losing career record of wins and losses, but he threw the first no-hitter in the history of the Los Angeles Angels. It was also the first to be thrown at Dodger Stadium, beating the Baltimore Orioles 2–0 on May 5, 1962. His no-hitter was his fourth straight win at the start of his rookie season.

After throwing the no-hitter Belinsky said, "If music be the food of love, by all means let the band play on." The 1962 season was a crazy one for him. He became a gossip topic for Southern California sportswriters. They took pictures and reported in the news about his partying and dating many movie star women. He became known as a playboy. He was dating at one time or another, famous women like Ann-Margret, Connie Stevens, Tina Louise and Mamie Van Doren, the last his fiancee for a year. One of his teammates once said, "Bo had more fun off the field than he did on the field."

After a hotel room fight in 1964, he was let go by the Angels. They traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies. After spending a little over a season with the Phillies, he also pitched for the Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Pirates and Cincinnati Reds. His career ended in the Cincinnati minor league in 1970.

Belinsky married and divorced a "Playboy" Playmate of the Year, Jo Collins. He eventually overcame alcoholism. He then became a counselor for the alcohol abuse program he had entered in Hawaii. He later moved to Las Vegas to work in advertising. He was then off drugs and alcohol and was a born-again Christian. ("Can you imagine," he was quoted as saying, "finding Jesus Christ in Las Vegas?").

Belinsky had been sick with bladder cancer before his death in Las Vegas. He died of an apparent heart attack at age 64. He is buried at Davis Memorial Park in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Samuil Blekhman

Samuil Markovich Blekhman (; 15 May 191826 July 1982) was a known philatelist (stamp collector) of the Soviet Union. He wrote many notable philatelic books and articles about stamps and stamp collecting. Blekhman was born and lived much of his life in Moscow. He was trained and worked as an engineer. 

Blekhman's works were related to postal history and postage stamps of Tuva, Mongolia, Russia and Soviet Union. He also wrote works about airmail. Blekhman participated in prestigious national and international philatelic exhibitions. He won a number of top awards. One of his main philatelic writings was a detailed study of Tuva stamps and their cataloging. This work won a major award at the World Stamp Exhibition "PRAGA 1962". After Blekhman's death, it was translated and published in English.

In addition to many Russian articles, Samuil Blekhman published philatelic papers in English:


Andrew Young

Andrew Jackson Young (born March 12, 1932) is an American politician, diplomat, activist, and Congregationalist pastor from Georgia. 

He has served as a Congressman from Georgia's 5th congressional district, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, and Mayor of Atlanta. 

He served as President of the National Council of Churches USA, and was a member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) during the Civil Rights Movement. He was a supporter and friend of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.


Daniel Patrick Moynihan

Daniel Patrick Moynihan (March 16, 1927 – March 26, 2003) was an American politician and sociologist. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

He was first elected to the United States Senate for New York in 1976, and was re-elected three times (in 1982, 1988, and 1994). He declined to run for re-election in 2000. Moynihan was the United States' Ambassador to the United Nations and to India. He was a member of four successive presidential administrations, beginning with the administration of John F. Kennedy, and continuing through that of Gerald Ford.

Moyniham died of surgical complications at a Washington, D.C. hospital, aged 76.

Zalmay Khalilzad

Zalmay Mamozy Khalilzad (Pashto: زلمی خلیلزاد "Zalmay Khalīlzād"; born March 22, 1951) is a counselor at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and president of Khalilzad Associates. He was the United States Ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush from 2007 to 2009.

In October 2021, CNN reported that Zalmay Khalilzad, the United States' principal envoy for Afghanistan, will quit his post in Afghanistan, after the end of the withdrawal of American forces in Afghanistan.


Stan Cornyn

Stan Cornyn (July 8, 1933 – May 11, 2015) was an American record label executive. He was the author of "Exploding: The Highs, Hits, Hype, Heroes, and Hustlers of the Warner Music Group" (). He also wrote three privately published family genealogy books (all in the Library of Congress).
He was cousins with United States senator John Cornyn.

Cornyn died on May 11, 2015 at his home in Carpinteria, California at the age of 81.


Carpinteria, California

Carpinteria is a small oceanside city located in southeastern Santa Barbara County, California, east of Santa Barbara and northwest of Ventura. The population was 13,264 at the 2020 census.

Suchitra Bhattacharya

Suchitra Bhattacharya (10 January 1950 – 12 May 2015) was an Indian novelist. Over the past two decades, Suchitra had written about 24 novels and a large number of short stories in different leading Bengali literary magazines.

Bhattacharya died on 12 May 2015 from cardiac arrest at her home in Dhakuria, Kolkata, aged 65. 

William Zinsser

William Knowlton Zinsser (October 7, 1922 - May 12, 2015) was an American writer, editor, literary critic, and teacher. He began his career as a journalist for the "New York Herald Tribune", where he worked as a feature writer, drama editor, film critic, and editorial writer. He was known for writing the book "On Writing Well".

Zinsser was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Deerfield Academy. Zinsser died in New York City at the age of 92.

Ventura, California

Ventura (officially the City of San Buenaventura; commonly called San Buenaventura before 1891), or Shisholop in Chumash is the county seat of Ventura County, California, United States. It was incorporated in 1866. The population was 110,763 at the 2020 census.

Peter Gay

Peter Gay (born Peter Joachim Fröhlich; June 20, 1923 – May 12, 2015) was a German-American educator and psychohistorian. He was the Sterling Professor of History Emeritus at Yale University and former director of the New York Public Library's Center for Scholars and Writers (1997–2003). 

Gay received the American Historical Association's (AHA) Award for Scholarly Distinction in 2004. He was the author of more than twenty-five books, including "The Enlightenment: An Interpretation", a multi-volume award winner; "Weimar Culture: The Outsider as Insider" (1968), a bestseller; and the widely translated "" (1988).

Gay was born in Berlin, Germany in 1923. He immigrated to the United States in 1941. From 1948 to 1955 he was a political science professor at Columbia University, and then a history professor from 1955 to 1969. Gay died in New York City, aged 91.


Swiss International Air Lines

Swiss International Air Lines is the flag carrier of Switzerland. It began on March 31, 2002; the day after Swissair declared bankruptcy. The airline has nonstop flights throughout Switzerland, Europe, Africa, America and Asia. It's currently owned by Lufthansa.

Varig Brazilian Airlines

Varig Brazilian Airlines, also known as "VARIG", was once the largest airline of Brazil. The airline declared bankruptcy in 2006. The successor to Varig is Gol Transportes Aéreos, which is technically the "new Varig".

Varig began on May 7, 1927. It was founded by German emigrants in Brazil. Varig began non-stop flights between New York City and Rio de Janeiro in 1955. The airline took over many international destinations in the 1960s from bankrupt Panair do Brasil, such as Frankfurt, Lisbon and Paris. Varig eventually became the largest airline in all of South America, after it bought many other smaller Brazilian airlines. In 1997, Varig became the first airline to join Star Alliance. In 2001, TAM Airlines became the largest airline in Brazil. Then, Varig stopped flying, and it became known as another airline in 2007.

Ansett Australia

Ansett Australia was an airline from Australia. Ansett was based in Melbourne. The airline flew domestically within Australia and from the 1990s to destinations in Asia. It declared bankruptcy in 2001. In 2002, it stopped flying. Several of its Golden Wing airport lounges were purchased by Virgin Australia.

British post offices in Crete

British post offices in Crete provided the postal service in the territory of the island of Crete. They were established by the military administration in the area under the control of Great Britain. It functioned in the period from 25 November 1898 to the end of 1899.

In 1898 Crete obtained autonomy under Turkish suzerainty. But it was garrisoned by an international military force from Britain, France, Italy and Russia. Britain issued 5 postage stamps inscribed in Greek.


Hyon Yong-chol

Hyon Yong-chol (; January 1949 – 30 April 2015) was a North Korean general and politician. From June 2014 until his apparent death, he was the Defence Minister of North Korea.

On 13 May 2015, it was reported by South Korean media that he was executed on or around 30 April 2015. As of May 14, 2015, North Korea has not commented on the South's claim, making Hyon's current status uncertain. Later it was confirmed that he was executed.

Car platform

A car platform (automobile platform) is shared common design and production over different models and types of automobiles. They may be sold under different names or "marques". 

It is done by the automotive industry to save the costs of development by basing the products on a smaller number of platforms. This allows companies to create distinct models from similar underpinnings. It is also done with commercial vehicles like trucks and vans.

Out of Africa

Out of Africa is about the recent African origin of modern humans. Since the 1980s this has been supported by a study of present-day mitochondrial DNA, and other sequence analysis. There is also evidence based on the physical anthropology of archaic fossil remains. The idea is very well supported. There are differing theories on whether there was a single exodus or several. A growing number of researchers also suspect that "long-neglected North Africa" was the original home of the modern humans who first trekked out of the continent.

The first truly modern humans seem to have appeared between 200,000 and 130,000 years ago. These early humans later moved out from Africa. By about 90,000 years ago they had moved into Eurasia. This was the area where earlier species of humans, (such as Neanderthals, "Homo neanderthalensis") had been living for a long time (at least 500,000 years in western Europe).

By about 42 to 44,000 years ago "Homo sapiens" had reached western Europe, including Britain. In Europe and western Asia, "Homo sapiens" replaced the Neanderthals by about 35,000 years ago. The details of this event are not known. At roughly the same time "Homo sapiens" arrived in Australia. Their arrival in the Americas was much later, about 15,000 years ago. All these earlier groups of modern man were hunter-gatherers.

Genetic studies and fossil evidence show that archaic "Homo sapiens" evolved to anatomically modern humans solely in Africa between 200,000 and 60,000 years ago. Members of one branch of "Homo sapiens" left Africa at some point between 125,000 and 60,000 years ago, and that over time these humans replaced earlier populations of the genus "Homo" such as Neanderthals and "Homo erectus". 

The date of the earliest successful "out of Africa" migration (earliest migrants with living descendants) has generally been placed at 60,000 years ago based on genetics, but migration out of the continent may have taken place as early as 125,000 years ago according to Arabian archaeological finds of tools in the region.


Uber

Uber traded on the NYSE under the ticker (UBER) is an American-based ride-sharing company. It created the Uber mobile app and a ridesharing network. “Shared rides” are provided by Uber drivers to passengers. The passengers pay money for each ride they receive. The mobile app allows passengers to request trips and pay for the rides online.

Passengers who want Uber rides “sign-up” with the Uber passenger mobile app. They provide their name, smartphone number, and a credit card number to Uber. Then they can request shared-rides through the Uber app.

Uber drivers use the Uber driver mobile app to find rideshare passengers. They are first enrolled with Uber as drivers. Then they log-on to the Uber mobile app. This tells Uber they are in a certain area and can take rideshares as passengers. The Uber app looks for passengers who want a ride to a particular place. The Uber driver finds the passenger via the map. Then they pick up the passenger and drive to the destination. When they reach the destination, they drop-off the passenger. The Uber mobile app records the journey, bills the passenger, and pays the driver.

Uber uses third party Internet mapping services such as Google Maps to find the location of the passenger and to navigate the driver.

Uber was founded as "UberCab" in San Francisco by Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp in 2009. Three years later, Uber started to open international offices. In 2014, it experimented with carpooling features and made other updates.

In September 2018, Uber introduced a new logo.
https://youtube.com/watch?v=ISIjlRExdpE

Mail art

Mail art (also known as postal art and correspondence art) is a popular form of art. It involves sending small scale art works of art through the mail. Media commonly used in mail art includes postcards, paper, rubber stamps, and logos. It can also include anything that can be put in an envelope and sent via postal service.


Comminges

The Comminges is a natural region in southern France, near the Pyrenees. It contains the upper valley of the Garonne, one of France's four great rivers. It is one of the oldest inhabited places in France. Before the French Revolution it was a county of the historical region of Gascony. It was named for the ancient tribe the "Convenae". They were a Celtic tribe living in and around Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges by at least the 1st century BC.

William MacDonald (serial killer)

William MacDonald (born Allan Ginsberg; 17 June 1924 – 12 May 2015), also known as The Mutilator, was an Australian serial killer. He murdered five men, four in Sydney, New South Wales and one in Brisbane, Queensland, between 1961 and 1962. After his murders, he lived in New Zealand for a short time. After moving back to Australia, he ran off to Melbourne, Victoria where he was arrested.

MacDonald was born in Liverpool, England. In 1943, during World War II, he was in the army and apparently raped by one of his corporals. He moved from England to Canada in 1949 and then to Australia in 1955.

MacDonald died from natural causes on 12 May 2015 at a hospital in Randwick, New South Wales, aged 90.

The Game (mind game)

The Game is the name of a mind game. The goal is not to think about The Game itself. If someone thinks about The Game, they lose. If someone loses, they must tell someone or announce that they "lost The Game."

The first known reference of The Game appeared in 1990, though no one is sure how it started, and it will never end. It has lasted for about 30 years and accumulated millions of “players” around the world.

A similar game was played by Leo Tolstoy in 1840. The media has reported on The Game in many countries and has guessed the number of players to be in the millions.


Later on in years (2020s), it changed to one simply mentioning "The Game" and having another ask what it is to have them forever be apart of "The Game"


You can never truly win The Game. Anyone who overhears someone announce "I just lost The Game" or "You just lost The Game" also loses The Game. After losing you just start playing again. 


European Economic Community

The European Economic Community was the predecessor of the European Union. It existed from 1957 to 1992, when the Treaty of Maastricht led to more cooperation between the countries of the European Union. 

Scaptia beyonceae

Scaptia beyonceae is a species of horse fly found in north-east Queensland, Australia. It was first recorded in 1981 but not scientifically described until 2011. The fly is named after American recording artist and actress Beyoncé.

"Scaptia beyonceae" has a golden tip to its abdomen, formed by a dense patch of golden hairs. Hence its name.

2015 Philadelphia train derailment

The 2015 Philadelphia train derailment happened on May 12, 2015. An Amtrak "Northeast Regional" train derailed in the Port Richmond area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Amtrak "Northeast Regional" No. 188 was on its way from Washington, D.C. to New York City. It derailed at 9:23 pm. The train went off the track. Some cars fell onto their sides.

The accident killed eight people and injured more than 200 people.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) said that there were no signs which suggested that the derailment was related to terrorism. A team from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) also investigated.

The driver of the train, Amtrak engineer Brandon Bostian, suffered wounds to the legs and head, including a concussion, and was said to be unable to remember the incident.

Grigoriy Bronza

Grigoriy Zakharovich Bronza (30 April 192730 January 2010) was an artist of Transnistria (Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic). He was an art restorer and an honorary member of the Transnistria Union of Artists. Bronza was a designer of postage stamps of Transnistria and Moldova. He also helped create a number of museums in the former Soviet Union.

During World War II, Grigoriy Bronza served in the Red Army and was awarded the following Soviet military decorations:
Bronza is the author of the first stamps of Moldova issued in June 1991. He designed the first stamps of the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic issued in December 1993. Bronza designed the third definitive stamp issue of Transnistria (1997). He also created a series of stamps for the 5th anniversary of the events in Bender (1997), a series of stamps "Historical and modern coats of arms of cities of Transnistria" (1999), and the 200th anniversary of Alexander Pushkin issue (1999).


Columbia County, New York

Columbia County, New York is a mostly rural county along the eastern side of the Hudson River. In 2020, the population was 61,570. The county seat is Hudson.

Cluses

Cluses is a commune in the French Haute-Savoie department.

Cluses is a twin town with:

Gol Transportes Aéreos

Gol Transportes Aéreos, also known as "Gol Airlines", is a low-cost carrier of Brazil. It began in 2000. Its headquarters are in São Paulo.

Gol began flights on January 15, 2000. In 2004, it began to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In September 2011, Aerolíneas Argentinas began an agreement. After Varig Brazilian Airlines declared bankruptcy in 2006, Gol bought some of their possessions. Varig's airport lounge was also acquired by Gol in 2013. Gol currently owns the "Varig" name. It used to painted some airplanes with that name. In 2006, a Gol airplane hit a private jet. No one was hurt or killed on the private jet. But, all 154 people on the Gol airplane died. 

Garden fork

A garden fork, also called a spading fork or digging fork, is a tool for digging. It is used for loosening soil in gardening and farming. It is used similarly to a spade, but it can be pushed more easily into the ground. It does not cut through plant roots. Garden forks were made of wood, but now most are made of steel. 

Garden forks are slightly different from pitchforks. Their tines are usually shorter and thicker and closer together. 

Canadian Airlines

Canadian Airlines used to be the second largest airline of Canada. It flew to all five continents. Calgary, Alberta used to be their headquarters and hub. Canadian was also a founding member of Oneworld, but left the alliance in 2000. Air Canada bought the airline in 2000. 

Alexander Bulgakov

Alexander Yakovlevich Bulgakov (15 November 178117 April 1863) was a Russian diplomat, senator, and postal administrator.

Alexander Bulgakov was born in 1781 in Constantinople in the family of a Russian diplomat, Yakov Bulgakov (1743–1809). At the beginning of his career, Bulgakov worked in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He served as an official with special duties attached to the Governor General of Moscow in 1809–1832.

In 1832, Bulgakov stopped his diplomatic career and was appointed to Director of Posts in Moscow. He served in this position in 1832–1856. His younger brother Konstantin Bulgakov (1782–1835) was the Director of the Saint Petersburg Post Office at that time. Because both were the top officers of the Russian Postal Service, they could freely correspond with each other. Both brothers were much respected by their staff for their effort to improve working conditions for postal workers.


Rosa Julieta Montaño Salvatierra

Julieta Montaño (born 16 August 1946) is a Bolivian lawyer, a human rights defender, and a writer. In 2015 she won the US State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

Rosa Julieta Montaño Salvatierra was born 16 August 1946 in Quillacoll, Bolivia. She finished her Bachelor's degree in Humanities at the Universidad Mayor de San Simón in 1965. She finished her law degree at the same university in 1972. She finished Master's degrees in human rights and political science at the Universidad Mayor de San Simón and University of Huelva in Huelva, Spain. She finished her doctorate degree in human rights at the Universidad Pablo de Olavide in Seville, Spain. 

Montaño was the Vice President of the Human Rights Assembly of Bolivia and the Comptroller of Cochabamba, Bolivia. From 1997 to 2002 she was in the Chamber of Deputies representing the Cochabamba Department. In 1981, during the Bolivian Cocaine Coup, Montaño was the head of the "Union de Mujeres de Bolivia" (Union of Bolivian Women). She was arrested, and stayed in her house, under house arrest. Montaño returned to her work in 1981, after the end of the dictatorship.

On 11 April 1985 Montaño started the "Oficina Jurídica para la Mujer" (Legal Office for Women) to promote women’s rights and fight violence against women. The organization has helped more than 30,000 women. It has also worked with the Bolivian legislature to make laws to protect women.


Internet of things

Internet of things is an idea from computer science: connecting ordinary things like lights and doors to a computer network to make them "intelligent". An embedded system or a computer connects each thing together in a network and to the internet. Some technologies used for the internet of things are RFID and mesh nets. 
The connections allow each thing to collect and exchange data, and we can control them remotely or by setting rules or chains of actions. IoT improves the ease of life of humans and their daily activities. Experts estimate that the IoT will consist of almost 50 billion objects by 2020.
Examples where the internet of things has become reality:

M2M, or Machine to Machine communication, was the first iteration of the IoT back in the 1980s. Early traces of this technology are also found in SCADA, (also known as Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition). As technology has continued to develop and new devices emerged, the M2M and SCADA technology gave way to IoT and a new age of data collection and transmission.

These ideas have also been criticized. The main points of criticism are the following:


May Sabai Phyu

May Sabai Phyu (also May Sabe Phyu, born 5 August 1976) is an activist from Kachin state in Burma (Myanmar). She works for human rights, freedom of speech, peace, justice for Myanmar’s ethnic people. She works to stop violence against women. In 2015, she won the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

In 2008, May Sabai Phyu started the Women’s Protection Technical Working Group during Cyclone Nargis. After the storm, 14 out of every 100 families were headed by women, many of them widows. Because of this, more women were in the sex trade for money or food. The Working Group helped women to find housing, sex education, and jobs.

After the problems of the storm were ended, the Working Group became the Gender Equality Network. May Sabai Phyu was the Senior Coordinator. In 2012, this group helped the government write the National Strategic Plan for the Advancement of Women. The organization also works for gender equality and makes plans to stop violence against women and girls.

May Sabai Phyu is a leader of the Kachin Peace Network. She led a protest against the civil war between Myanmar Government troops and the Kachin Independence Army. She spoke at Human Rights Workshops in Myanmar for human rights and for the rights of people with disabilities.


Levelland, Texas

Levelland is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Hockley County. About 12,652 people lived there in 2020.

In November 1957, some drivers in Levelland saw an unidentified flying object that caused automobiles to stop until it lifted. Two of the drivers were Weir Clem, Levelland's sheriff, and Ray Jones, a firefighter.

Quitman, Texas

Quitman is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Wood County. About 1,942 people lived there in 2020. It was named for John A. Quitman, a governor of Mississippi. Sissy Spacek was born in Quitman.

Quitman

Quitman is the name of six cities and a county in the United States, named for John A. Quitman, Governor of Mississippi:

Hateg Island

Hațeg Island was a large offshore island in the Tethys Sea during the late Cretaceous. It was in an area now around modern-day Hațeg, Hunedoara County, Romania. Upper Cretaceous fossils of small-sized dinosaurs have been found in the former island's rocks.

The island was formed mainly by tectonic uplift during the early Alpine orogeny towards the end of the Cretaceous. There is no real present-day analog, but the island of Hainan (off the coast of China) is perhaps closest as regards climate, geology and topography, though still not a particularly good match. The vegetation, for example, was quite distinct from today, as was the fauna.

Hungarian paleontologist Franz Nopcsa (1877–1933) had the idea that "limited resources" found on the island often have an effect of "reducing the size of animals" over the generations, producing a localized form of dwarfism. Nopcsa's theory of island dwarfism – also known as the "island rule" – is today widely accepted.

Volvic

Volvic is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It is internationally known for its mineral water.

Island dwarfism

Island dwarfism, or insular dwarfism, is the reduction in size of large animals over a number of generations. 

The same process can happen in evolution on a mainland: an example is the evolution of the dwarfed marmosets and tamarins among New World monkeys. The smallest member is "Cebuella pygmaea". 

The main cause is their population's range being limited to a small environment, and this happens most often on islands. This process has occurred many times throughout evolutionary history. Examples include dinosaurs, like "Europasaurus", and modern animals such as elephants and their relatives. 

This process may occur not only on traditional islands, but also in other situations where an ecosystem is isolated from external resources and breeding. This may include caves, desert oases, isolated valleys and isolated mountains ("sky islands"). Insular dwarfism is one aspect of the more general "island rule": when mainland animals colonize islands, small species tend to evolve larger bodies, perhaps because the island may not have key predators. On the other hand large species may evolve smaller bodies because food supplies are limited.

There are several proposed explanations for the mechanism which produces such dwarfism.

One is based on the idea that a smaller territory means a smaller food supply. A process where only smaller animals trapped on the island survive, as food declines to a borderline level. Population declines and, as smaller animals need fewer resources and smaller territories, they will survive longer. Eventually food sources replenish, and the survivors flourish. Smaller size is also advantageous from a reproductive standpoint, as it leads to shorter gestation periods and generation times.

Among carnivores, the main factor is thought to be the size and availability of prey resources, and competition is believed to be less important. In tiger snakes, insular dwarfism occurs on islands where available prey is restricted to smaller sizes than are normally taken by mainland snakes. Since prey size preference in snakes is generally proportional to body size, small snakes may be better adapted to take small prey.

The occurrence of small species on islands is known as Foster's Rule, and was first used by van Valen in 1973. 

Konstantin Bulgakov

Konstantin Yakovlevich Bulgakov (31 December 178229 October 1835) was a Russian diplomat, privy councillor, and postal administrator.

Konstantin Bulgakov served as the Director of the Moscow Post Office. Since 1819 he was the Director of Saint Petersburg Post Office. Bulgakov later became the Director of the Postal Department of the Russian Empire. He and his brother Alexander Bulgakov, Director of the Moscow Post Office, could freely correspond with each other because both were the top officers of the Russian Postal Service.

Konstantin Bulgakov was the son of a diplomat, Yakov Bulgakov (1743–1809). He was born in Constantinople in 1782. Bulgakov began working in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1797. Thanks to his linguistic skills, he served in a diplomatic capacity during Russia's wars with Turkey and France. At the Congress of Vienna in 1815, Bulgakov assisted the Russian Tsar Alexander I and the Foreign Minister. The Tsar offered him an ambassador position in Copenhagen. However, Bulgakov asked the Tsar for his appointment as Director of Posts in Moscow in February 1816. He soon succeeded in this post and was transferred to Saint Petersburg on 23 December 1819. As Director of Saint Petersburg Posts, Bulgakov worked there with Prince Golitsyn, who was in charge of the Russian Postal Department.

In 1831, Bulgakov was promoted to the Director of the Postal Department and decorated. However, he suffered two strokes in 1835. That was a consequence
of overwork. Bulgakov died the same year.

Among Bulgakov's innovations was the establishment of passenger-carrying mail-coaches between the major towns of Russia and the Baltic provinces. These services started in 1821 and worked, until they were replaced with the railway in 1868.

In 1825, the first survey of post-roads in Russia was published. Begun in 1817, construction of paved roads continued and reached over 1,500 miles by the 1850s. This progress enabled Bulgakov to introduce a system of express posts ("extra" posts) between major cities.

Bulgakov also concluded a postal treaty with Prussia. In 1832, he set up a steamship service between Saint Petersburg and Lübeck.

All these improvements reduced the delivery times for mail. For example, mail from Berlin to Saint Petersburg came in five days instead of nine. The Dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna, the widow of Paul I and a former German princess, praised the better postal service.

Bulgakov paid much attention to improve working conditions for postal workers.


Évian-les-Bains

Évian-les-Bains is a commune in the French Haute-Savoie department. It is a famous spa town, widely known for its mineral water.

Thonon-les-Bains

Thonon-les-Bains is a commune in the French Haute-Savoie department. It is a famous spa town, also known for its mineral water.

Bill Guthridge

William Wallace "Bill" Guthridge (July 27, 1937 – May 12, 2015) was an American college basketball coach. Guthridge is known for serving for 30 years as Dean Smith's assistant at the University of North Carolina. Following Dean Smith's retirement in 1997, Guthridge served as head coach of the Tar Heels for three seasons.

Guthridge died at his home in Chapel Hill, North Carolina on May 12, 2015 after a long-illness, aged 77.


Derek Davis

Derek Davis (26 April 1948 – 13 May 2015) was an Irish broadcaster. He co-hosted "Live at 3". He also presented "Out of the Blue" and won "Celebrity Bainisteoir".

Davis died on 13 May 2015 after a short illness, aged 67.


Dieppe

Dieppe is a commune in Upper Normandy. Dieppe is in the Arrondissement of Dieppe in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France. The population stands at 34,000.

Dieppe is in front of The English Channel

Saumur

Saumur is a commune in Maine-et-Loire.

Juan-les-Pins

Juan-les-Pins is a town in the commune of Antibes in the department of Alpes-Maritimes.

Atari, Inc.

Atari, Inc. is an American video game and home computer company. It was founded in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney. Atari was the first company to make a video arcade game in a cabinet. The company made famous games, such as Pong. Atari helped define the gaming entertainment industry and home computers from the 1970s to the mid-1980s. They made home computers until 1993. 
Atari filed for bankruptcy in 2013


Chevrolet Trax

Chevrolet Trax is a subcompact CUV/mini SUV (Europe) sold by the Chevrolet division by General Motors. It was introduced in 2013. It replaced both the Chevrolet HHR station wagon and the Suzuki based Tracker subcompact SUV. It is a mere rebadged version of Opel Mokka, which is also offered in the U.S. as Buick Encore. It is built on GM's Gamma platform. The Gamma platform is also used to built the Sonic and the Spark. In 2014 it replaced the Chevrolet Captiva Sport as GM's fleet car. The car is sold under the name Tracker in Russia due to the word trax loosely. translating to a sexual connotation. GM has thought of selling a GMC version of this vehicle due to sales success in the U.S.

Chevrolet Tracker

The Chevrolet Tracker was a subcompact SUV made in Canada. It is sold by General Motors. It was introduced in 1989 as a Geo model. It derives from Suzuki's Escudo model. The Tracker was built at CAMI Automotive which was jointly owned by GM and Suzuki til 2010. 

In Canada, it was sold under various names such as GMC Tracker and Asüna/Pontiac Sunrunner. The Sunrunner was replaced in 2001 by the minivan-based Aztek CUV. In 1998 the Tracker became an official Chevrolet brand due to GM consolidating the Geo brand. The United States/Canadian version of the Tracker continued until 2004 where it was discontinued and replaced by the Chevrolet Equinox. The Tracker was still made in Mexico and Brazil until the late 2000s where it was replaced by the Chevrolet Captiva and the Chevrolet Captiva Sport. In 2015 Chevrolet introduced Trax model to the U.S. and it serves as a secondary replacement for the Tracker.

Gallows letter

In postal history, a gallows letter was a letter with a "gallows" mark meaning "very quickly".

Gallows letters were official letters or dispatches used by the Privy Council of Elizabeth I of England. To express an extreme degree of urgency of delivery, the letter had on the address panel a rough drawing of a gallows. Sometimes the picture included a hanging body. These drawings could also have repeated written directions as ""haste haste"", ""post haste"", ""haste for life"", ""for life haste"", etc.

There are also modern forgeries of such letters. This is when counterfeit gallows marks have been applied onto original letters.


Europasaurus

Europasaurus is a basal sauropod from the titanosaur clade, but very much smaller than usual.

This quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur lived during the Upper Jurassic (middle Kimmeridgian, about 154 million years ago). It was found in northern Germany. It is an example of insular dwarfism. This means it probably came from an isolated sauropod population on an island in the Lower Saxony basin.

Small sauroopods with an adult body mass less than five tonnes are rare, and small sauropod bones usually come from juveniles. This species was a small adult, based on its bone histology. It was a dwarf species. 

There are fossils from more than 11 individuals of 1.7 to 6.2 m in total body length. These size differences between the specimens are due to growth stages, from juveniles to fully grown individuals. The little dinosaurs must have lived on one of the large islands around the Lower Saxony basin. 

A similar discovery was made in Transylvania at the start of the 20th century. a local aristocrat, Franz Nopcsa, found the fossils on his estate. He realised they might have lived on an island, because he knew that dwarf elephants had lived on islands in the Ice Age. Nopsca's estate was ruined by World War I, but his find was recorded as "Magyarosaurus".

Jon Castañares

Jon Mirena Bitor Castañares Larreategui (1925 – 5 May 2015) was a Spanish politician and economist. He was born in Bilbao. He was known for being a strong supporter of Basque nationalism. He served as mayor of Bilbao from 1979 through 1983.

Castañares died in Bilbao at the age of 90.

Fleet Foxes

Fleet Foxes is an American indie folk band that started in Seattle, Washington. It is signed to the Sub Pop and Bella Union record labels. The band became well-known in 2008 for their second EP, "Sun Giant", and their first album "Fleet Foxes". Fleet Foxes' second studio album, "Helplessness Blues", was released on 3 May 2011.

Robin Pecknold and Skyler Skjelset both went to Lake Washington High School in Kirkland, Washington, and became friends. They listened to Bob Dylan and Neil Young and began making music together.

First they took the name "The Pineapples", but another band in the area had the same name. Pecknold then decided upon "Fleet Foxes". Pecknold became the principal songwriter, both singing and playing guitar, while Skjelset played lead guitar. The producer Phil Ek and he helped them record their first demo in 2006, the "Fleet Foxes" EP. By late 2006, Seattle journalists began to notice the band.

They became popular by doing local concerts. They started making their first album in early 2007. They recorded in the studio with producer Ek. They recorded most of their tracks at home because they did not have a lot of money.

Fleet Foxes became popular through word of mouth exposure. By late 2007, their songs had been played over 250,000 times on their Myspace site. They got a record deal with Sub Pop (a subsidiary record label of Warner Music) on 18 January 2008. Robin's sister, Aja Pecknold, became band manager. The band's frontman, Robin Pecknold, says that they got most of their success and popularity from people sharing their music illegally online.

The band recorded their second EP, "Sun Giant", at Bear Creek Studio and performed overdubs and mixed at Seattle's Avast! Recording Co. Fleet Foxes began a tour with the band Blitzen Trapper on 28 February 2008. The band's performances, first at the SXSW festival in March 2008, and then the Sasquatch! festival in May 2008, got them the most attention from the public.

"Sun Giant" was released internationally on 8 April 2008. It was well received by the press. After this, Christian Wargo joined the band on guitar and J. Tillman joined the band on drums. Their first full length album, "Fleet Foxes", was released on 3 June 2008. The album achieved similar critical success as the previous EP. On 24 June 2008, "Fleet Foxes" went to No. 1 on the College Music Journal Radio 200 Chart.

In Europe, "Fleet Foxes" sold over 200,000 copies in the five months following its release. The album received good reviews from critics. In Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, tickets for their concerts sold out. By the end of 2008, it had sold over 408,000 copies in North America and over 100,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

They went on a worldwide tour in 2008 and 2009.

The band started practicing their new songs in February 2009. Recording did not start until April 2010. Many of the vocal tracks were recorded in one take.

The album, "Helplessness Blues", was released on 3 May 2011. The cover was illustrated by the Seattle artist Toby Liebowitz and painted by Christopher Alderson. The album features new band member Morgan Henderson on upright bass and woodwind instruments.

On 18 January 2012, drummer J. Tillman announced that he had left the band.

Helplessness Blues was nominated for Best Folk Album at the 2012 Grammy Awards, on 12 February 2012.

The band went on hiatus from 2013 to 2016.

On May 18, 2016, Robin Pecknold said on his Instagram account that Fleet Foxes were working on new music.

Their third album, called "Crack-Up", was released on June 16, 2017. It was released on Nonesuch Records, a new label for the band.

They started playing concerts again on May 15, 2017.




Victor Fleming

Victor Lonzo Fleming (February 23, 1889 – January 6, 1949) was an American movie director, cinematographer, and producer. His most popular movie were "The Wizard of Oz" (1939), and "Gone with the Wind" (1939). He won an Academy Award for Best Directing in 1939.

Fleming died of a heart attack while on his way to the hospital in Cottonwood, Arizona, aged 59.


Kelly Olynyk

Kelly Tyler Olynyk (born April 19, 1991) is an Canadian professional basketball player. He is a power forward-center for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Toronto, Ontario and moved to Kamloops, British Columbia when he was in grade 7.

Olynyk played college basketball at Gonzaga University. During his freshman and sophomore years there, Olynyk averaged 12 to 13 minutes per game and was mainly a bench player. During his junior year, Olynyk and Gonzaga both agreed that he would redshirt. He played in the 2012–13 season and was selected for both the Consensus First-Team All-American and the 2012–13 Academic All-America first team.

Olynyk was selected 13th overall by the Dallas Mavericks in the 2013 NBA draft. The same day, the Mavericks traded Olynyk to the Boston Celtics in exchange for Lucas Nogueira and two future second round picks. During his first summer league game, he scored 25 points with 9-of-13 shooting. He signed his rookie scale contract with the Celtics on July 7, 2013.

On October 29, 2014, the Celtics extended Olynyk's rookie scale contract through the 2015–16 season after exercising their third-year team option. On December 15, 2014, Olynyk scored a career-high 30 points in a 105-87 win over the Philadelphia 76ers.

During the first quarter of Game 4 of the 2015 NBA Playoffs, Olynyk got tangled with Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love while battling for a loose ball and dislocated Love's left shoulder. Love called it a "bush-league play" and Olynyk said that he would "never intentionally hurt someone." The league suspended Olynyk for one game without pay and ruled that he had "yanked [Love's] arm down".

On September 26, 2022, Olynyk was traded to the Utah Jazz.

Olynyk plays for the Canada men's national basketball team. He was the captain of the Canadian team during the FIBA Basketball World Cup in 2023. During the tournament, he helped Canada defeat France, Germany, and World champions Spain to help Canada clinch a spot in the Olympics for the first time since 2000. Canada would defeat the United States to win the bronze medal. It was Canada's first international medal since 1936.

Millerites

Millerites was the name for the followers of the teachings of William Miller. In 1833, Miller said that he had done some calculations, and that the second coming of Christ would happen about the year 1844. This turned out to be false, and there was a great disappointment. Miller had documented how he did Bible interpretation, so anyone could do it. After the disappointment, some movements emerged that were generally called "Adventist".

War tax due stamp

War tax due stamp is a kind of war tax and postage due stamps that was used for mail when the war tax has not been paid by the sender. They were issued in Romania between 1915 and 1921.

During war the sender of a letter paid a war tax. Then they placed a war tax stamp on the letter showing the tax was paid. If the sender did not do that, a war tax due stamp was applied by the postal service. When the letter was delivered the person receiving the letter paid double the normal rate.


Emilie Béatrice Epaye

Emilie Béatrice Epaye is a politician and teacher from the Central African Republic. She was a minister in the government and she was in the National Assembly. Epaye works for better government, economic development, freedom, human rights, and peace. In 2015, she won the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award.

Emilie Béatrice Epaye was born about 1956. She studied to be a teacher. She worked in her family transportation business. 

In 2000, Epaye became the new director of the "La Fondation la Voix du Coeur" (The Voice of the Heart Foundation) organization. Lucienne Patassé, the wife of president Ange-Félix Patassé started the organization in 1994 to help street children. She started a home for the children in the city of Bangui, The children received food, education, medical care, and training, in a place that was safe and free from violence. 

In 2003, General François Bozizé led a coup and became the new leader of the Central African Republic. He formed a transition council to help with the change in government. The council wrote the 2004 constitution. Epaye was in the transition council. 

From 2003 to 2005, Epaye was president of the Foreign Affairs Commission of the National Assembly and was a member of the National Transitional Council. In 2005 she became the Minister of Commerce, Industry and Small and Medium Enterprises. She was in that position for five years. In 2008 she became the Minister of Trade and Industry. She was in that position through 2011.

In 2013 there was a new coup by a group called "Séléka". Michel Djotodia became president, but there was much violence. The United Nations, the African Union, and the French government sent soldiers to stop the fighting. New elections were scheduled for 2015, and Catherine Samba-Panza was elected leader of the country for the transition. Epaye was in the new council to help with the transition. 

From 2003-2005, Epaye was a member of the Inter-Parliamentary Commission of the Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa (CEMAC). Beginning in 2008, she was the leader of the African Intellectual Property Organization (OAPI. She also was on the Council of Ministers of the Economic Union of Central Africa (CAEU). 

In 2010, the Council of Ministers of the Economic Union of Central Africa (CAEU), gave Epaye the Medal of Grand Officer of the Order of Merit from the CEMAC Community. In 2015, the U.S. State Department gave her the International Women of Courage Award. 


Continental Europe

Continental Europe is the European mainland. It is distinct from the various offshore islands, including British Isles, Iceland, the Balearic Islands, Corsica, the Italian islands, and the Greek islands. People in the islands also use it to refer to ways in which the customs and speech of mainlanders differ from their own.

Marie Claire Tchecola

Marie Claire Tchecola is a nurse from Guinea. She got Ebola, but she lived. She is an activist who teaches about disease. In 2015, the U.S. State Department gave Tchecola the International Women of Courage Award.

Tchecola is from a small village in Guinea, near Senegal. She was the first woman in her family to get an education. She studied to be a nurse. She worked as a nurse at Donka Hospital in Conakry, Guinea. In July 2014, she worked with a very sick patient. She got Ebola from that patient. She went to a center for treatment. She got better. 

After Tchecola got well, she went back to her job as a nurse at Donka Hospital. She had more problems. She lost her housing, because her landlord did not understand Ebola.



Tainted Love

"Tainted Love" is a pop rock single. It was first sung by Gloria Jones. The lyrics are about leaving a relationship due to being abused.

The song was first released in May 1965. In 1981, Soft Cell covered the song. Their version hit #1 on some charts. In summer 1982, it reached #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

There are many versions of the song. It has been covered by many musicians.

Gloria Jones

Gloria Jones (born October 19, 1945) is an American singer and songwriter. She recorded the 1965 song "Tainted Love". She also had other songs.

On September 16, 1977, Jones was driving a car. Marc Bolan of the group T. Rex was a passenger. The car crashed and killed Bolan.

Jones was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She later moved to Los Angeles, California.

Gainan Saidkhuzhin

Gainan Rakhmatovich Saidkhuzhin (; 30 June 1937 – 13 May 2015) was a Soviet cyclist. He was a ten-time cycling champion of the Soviet Union. He competed in the road race at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and finished in 34th and 41st places, respectively. He was born in Novosibirsk to a Tatar family.

Saidkhuzhin died from a heart attack on 13 May 2015 in Miami, Florida, United States. He was 77.

Luxeuil-les-Bains

Luxeuil-les-Bains is a spa town located in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Haute-Saône department in eastern France. About people live there.

All-Russian Society of Philatelists

All-Russian Society of Philatelists was a national philatelic organisation in Soviet Russia established in 1923. Later on, it was subsequently renamed and reorganised into the All-Union Society of Philatelists and the All-Union Society of Collectors.
The idea of a new countrywide philatelic society was supported by the Russian Bureau of Philately at the RSFSR National Commissariat of Post and Telegraphs in 1922. On 15 March 1923, the charter of the All-Russian Society of Philatelists was approved. On 6 April 1923 its first meeting took place in Moscow. The society's branches worked in Yerevan, Tiflis, Tashkent, Ashgabat, Baku, and other cities. In 1924–1925, the First All-Union Philatelic Exhibition was held. The All-Russian Society of Philatelists published the "Soviet Philatelist" journal (1922–1932). It existed till the late 1930s.



Aix-les-Bains

Aix-les-Bains is a commune in the Savoie department. It is a well-known spa town.

First All-Union Philatelic Exhibition

The First All-Union Philatelic Exhibition was held in Moscow in 1924–1925. Its full name was the First All-Union Philatelic, Scripophilic and Numismatic Exhibition. This was because it combined the objects of philately, scripophily (collecting stock and bond certificates), and numismatics (of coins, money).

The exhibition was organised from 15 December 1924 to 15 February 1925. This was done by the Presidium of the All-Union Philatelic Association and Board of the All-Russian Society of Philatelists. The combined exhibition was meant to prepare formation of the "All-Union Society of Collectors". The society was to be under the direction of Feodor Chuchin, the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily.


WOW air

WOW air was a budget airline from Iceland.

WOW air began in November 2011. Its first flight was on 1 June 2012. The airline flew 11 airplanes from the Airbus A320 family to destinations in Europe, North America and the Middle East.

Wow air stopped operations on 28 March 2019. All flights were cancelled and thousands of stranded passengers were told to book with other airliners.

Dzhokhar Tsarnaev

Dzhokhar Anzorovich "Jahar" Tsarnaev (Cyrillic: Джоха́р Анзо́рович Царна́ев ; born July 22, 1993) and his brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev planted bombs at the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The bombings killed three people and reportedly injured as many 264 others. On May 15, 2015, a Boston U.S. federal court jury verdict resulted in a death-sentence verdict for Tsarnaev for his crimes.

He and his family immigrated to the United States as refugees in 2002. Tsarnaev was a student at University of Massachusetts Dartmouth. He had become a naturalized U.S. citizen on September 11, 2012.

During the bombings, on April 19, there was a shootout between police and the Tsarnaev brothers. MBTA police officer was critically injured in the course of Tsarnaev's escape in the SUV Tsarnaev was injured but escaped. On the evening of April 19, the heavily wounded Tsarnaev was found unarmed hiding in a boat on a trailer in Watertown just outside the police perimeter. He was arrested and taken to a hospital. It was later reported that he was persuaded to surrender when the FBI negotiators mentioned a public plea from his former wrestling coach.

Tsarnaev was charged on April 22 with using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death and with destruction of property resulting in death.

He was convicted on April 8, 2015, and was sentenced to death on May 15, 2015. Tsarnaev allegedly later said during questioning that they next intended to detonate explosives in Times Square in New York City. Tsarnaev reportedly also said to authorities that he and his brother were radicalized, at least in part, by watching Anwar al-Awlaki lectures.


Catholic Christian Outreach

Catholic Christian Outreach Canada (CCO) is a group of Catholics who do missionary work at universities in Canada. They try to teach students three things:

André and Angèle Regnier started CCO in 1988 at the University of Saskatchewan. The Regniers were part of an Evangelical Protestant group called Campus Crusade for Christ. They saw that other people in this group were excited about being Christians. They wanted Catholics to be excited about their religion too. They found a group of Catholics called the Catholic Charismatic Renewal who were already trying to do this. This group showed them how to get Catholics to be excited about their religion. The Regniers and their parish priest started CCO so that they could teach university students at the University of Saskatchewan about their religion and how to teach others about it too.

CCO began with only four missionaries at the University of Saskatchewan. As of August 2013, it had more than 70 missionaries at eleven universities. CCO plans to start doing missionary work on 20 new universities between 2008 and 2028.

CCO runs a conference called "Rise Up" every year. It is one of the largest conferences for young Catholics in Canada. The largest Rise Up was in Ottawa in 2013. There were 850 people there.

The conference happens every year from December 28 to January 1. At Rise Up, there are presentations, workshops, songs, prayers in front of the Eucharist, confession, and a big dinner and dance on New Year's Eve. 

CCO runs many missions. Some of them are in Canada and some of them are in other countries. CCO often sends students and missionaries to World Youth Day.

There is a mission that happens every year called IMPACT. Students from across Canada go to one city for a summer of missionary work. They live together and work in teams at various parishes, where they lead faith studies and run retreats and special events. IMPACT also has a weekly event called Cornerstone that involves skits, songs, testimonies, and Catholic teaching, a Courageous Catholic program that teaches people how to share their faith, and a monthly Summit event involving songs, prayers in front of the Eucharist, and confession.
Students involved with CCO lead and attend weekly faith studies at the university. These faith studies help students learn more about their religion and how they can live it out. The studies are based on the Bible, the Catechism of the Catholic Church, and other Christian writings. They also use many analogies, a way of explaining things simply. There are five studies called "Discovery", "Source", "Growth", "Obedience", and "Commission".

CCO wrote a small book "The Ultimate Relationship" to teach people the basic parts of the Christian religion.


Tamerlan Tsarnaev

Tamerlan Anzorovich Tsarnaev (Тамерла́н Анзо́рович Царна́ев ; October 21, 1986 – April 19, 2013) and his brother Dzhokhar Tsarnaev planted bombs at the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The bombings killed three people and reportedly injured as many as 264 others.

Shortly after the Federal Bureau of Investigation declared them suspects in the bombings and released images of them, the Tsarnaev brothers killed an MIT police officer, carjacked an SUV. They soon engaged in a shootout with the police in the Boston suburb of Watertown. 

According to the police, during the shootout Tamerlan was captured, but died partly as a result of his brother driving over him. He was 26 years old.


Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily

Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily was established in Moscow in 1922 by the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) for matters concerned with philately and bonds. An old Bolshevik Feodor Chuchin headed this organisation.

To help finance the Central Famine Relief Committee (POMGOL), VTsIK decided to sell abroad postage stamps of Imperial Russia and the newly formed governments of the Civil War period. The idea was to obtain hard currency for them. Feodor Chuchin was named in 1921 the POMGOL commissioner for matters pertaining to stamp donations.

In March 1922, the Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily was set up. Chuchin was appointed to supervise its activities in Soviet Russia and abroad. The sale of stamps and paper money was profitable:
The Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily existed till 1926 and was superseded by the Soviet Philatelic Association.


Spy (2015 movie)

Spy is a 2015 American action comedy spy movie directed by Paul Feig. This movie is about a CIA analyst, Susan Cooper. She goes undercover in the world of a deadly arms dealer to prevent a global disaster. Melissa McCarthy plays Susan Cooper. Allison Janney plays Elaine Crocker.

The movie was released on June 5, 2015 in the United States.

Michelle (song)

"Michelle" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was mainly written by Paul McCartney, with some parts written by John Lennon. It is a love ballad and some of the words are in French.

According to Walter Everett:



Pat Hitchcock

Patricia Hitchcock O'Connell (7 July 1928 – 9 August 2021) was an English actress and producer. She appeared in small roles in some of her fathers well known works most notable as Carolina in "Psycho" (1960). Her father was legendary director Alfred Hitchcock.

Hitchcock died on 9 August 2021 in Thousand Oaks, California at the age of 93.

Vera Miles

Vera Miles (born August 23, 1929) is an American actress. She worked closely with Alfred Hitchcock. She is known for her role as Lila Crane in the classic masterpiece "Psycho", and in the sequel "Psycho II". Her other popular movie include "The Wrong Man", "The Searchers", "Follow Me Boys!" and "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance".

Wood County

Wood County is the name of four counties in the United States:


Wood County, Texas

Wood County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. In 2020, 44,843 people lived there. The county seat is Quitman. The county was named for George T. Wood, governor of Texas from 1847 to 1849.

Veneridae

Veneridae is a family of clams, with over 500 described species, in twelve subfamilies. They are commonly called Venus clams. They are bivalve molluscs. Many are edible and used as seafood. Venus clams occur in all seas of the world. Most live near the shore, preferably in areas with sandy bottoms.

Hinge teeth

Hinge teeth are part of the inner surface of the shell of a bivalve mollusc. Bivalves by definition have two valves (parts of the shell). They are joined together by a strong and flexible ligament on the hinge line at the dorsal (top) edge of the shell.

In life, the shell needs to be able to open slightly to allow the foot and siphons to protrude, and then close again, "without the valves moving out of alignment with one another". To make this possible, the two valves usually have hinge teeth (the "dentition"). Like the ligament, the hinge teeth are along the hinge line of the shell.

In most families, the two valves of the shell are almost perfectly symmetrical with one another along the hinge line, though the placement and shape of the teeth may differ slightly in the left valve and right valve so the two valves fit together properly.

Each group of bivalves tends to have distinctive hinge teeth. Because of this, examining the arrangement of the hinge teeth in a bivalve shell is often essential for identification and classification.

The other great shelled phylum, the brachiopods, also has a group with hinge teeth. In the traditional classification, the Articulata have toothed hinges between the valves. In the Inarticulata the two parts of the shell are held together only by muscles.

Stotting

Stotting (or pronking) is a behaviour of some bovines, particularly gazelles. They spring into the air, and lift all four feet off the ground simultaneously. Usually, the legs are held in a relatively stiff position and the back may be arched with the head pointing downward. Many explanations of stotting have been proposed. At least in some cases it is an honest signal to predators that the stotting animal is not worth pursuing.

Stotting makes a prey animal more visible and uses up energy and time that could be spent escaping. Therefore, it is assumed that it must bring some benefit to the stotting animal. A number of possible explanations have been proposed. Stotting may be:


The English evolutionary biologist John Maynard Smith concludes that "the natural explanation is that stotting is an index of condition and of escape capability", used as a signal especially to coursing predators. He also observes that "it is hard to see how it could be a handicap", unless perhaps it is a signal to other gazelles of the same species.

Green economy

The green economy is defined as an economy that results in reducing environmental risks and ecological scarcities. It aims for sustainable development without degrading the environment. It is closely related with ecological economics, but has a more politically applied focus. The 2011 UNEP Green Economy Report argues "that to be green, an economy must not only be efficient, but also fair. Fairness implies recognising global and country level equity dimensions, particularly in assuring a just transition to an economy that is low-carbon, resource efficient, and socially inclusive."

Karl Burkart defines a green economy as based on six main sectors:

The International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) representing global business defines green economy as “an economy in which economic growth and environmental responsibility work together in a mutually reinforcing fashion while supporting progress on social development”.

In 2012, the ICC published the "Green Economy Roadmap". It states that a shift towards a green economy requires the following:

A number of organisations and individuals have criticised aspects of the 'Green Economy'. The research organisation ETC Group argues that the corporate emphasis on a biobased economy "will spur even greater convergence of corporate power and unleash the most massive resource grab in more than 500 years." Venezuelan professor Edgardo Lander says that the UNEP's report, "Towards a Green Economy", while well-intentioned "ignores the fact that the capacity of existing political systems to (regulate and restrict)... is seriously limited by the political and financial power of the corporations." Ulrich Hoffmann, in a paper for UNCTAD also says that the focus on Green Economy and "green growth" in particular, "based on an evolutionary (and often reductionist) approach will not be sufficient to cope with the complexities of climate change". He added it "may rather give much false hope and excuses to do nothing really fundamental that can
bring about a U-turn of global greenhouse gas emissions.


Chevrolet Spark

Chevrolet Spark is a city car sold by General Motors. It was first introduced in 1998 as Daewoo Matiz. In 2002 it was redesigned for a second generation. It began to be exported and sold under various names including Chevrolet Joy and Pontiac Matiz. In 2007 the third generation was introduced. It was only sold as Chevrolet and Daewoo. GM plans to stop making the Spark and replace it with a brand new vehicle called the Opel Karl. GM will still use the Spark name in U.S., Korean and Australian markets. Ever since its first generation the Spark is only offered as a 5-door hatchback.

Héricourt (Haute-Saône)

Héricourt is a commune located in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Haute-Saône department in eastern France. About people live there.

Gray (Haute-Saône)

Gray is a commune located in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Haute-Saône department in eastern France. About people live there.

It was, since the Middle Ages, an important river port, an important trading center in Franche-Comté.

Gray is believed to have got its name from an old landed estate in its area owned by a family with Gallo-Roman origins having the name "Gradus", cognate with the Celtic "Grady" meaning "illustrious" or "noble".

Gray is situated on the banks of the river Saône. It is the last major town in Haute-Saône before the Saône flows into Côte-d'Or.

Dodge Charger

The Dodge Charger is an American full-size car. They are marketed through the Dodge division of Chrysler. Several different vehicles built on at least three different chassis have had the Charger name.

Notable years in Charger history are:

The Dodge Charger first premiered with the 1966 models. Dodge added a fastback roof on their Coronet (B-body). Inside there were four bucket seats with a full length console. Engines included the 318 cid (cubic inch displacement), the 361 cid, 383 cid and a 426 Hemi. Transmissions included a three-speed manual, four-speed manual and Torqueflite automatic. In 1968 the Charger was restyled to improve sales. But as the muscle car era was nearly over, sales went down.

Dodge introduced the Charger SE in 1975. It was a clone of the Chrysler Cordoba. Like the Cordoba it was a luxury car. The base engine was the 360 cid. The 318 cid and the 400 cid engines were optional. A new new Charger Daytona model was available with larger tires. It had no resemblance to the NASCAR Daytona Charger. In 1975 Dodge chargers won 14 NASCAR Grand National races. But they did it in 1974 Chargers. The 1975 Chargers were just too heavy. In 1978 Chrysler was facing financial troubles. Lee Iacocca turned Chrysler around and by 1983 the company was making money again.

The Dodge Charger was re-introduced in 2006. The new Charger is a four-door sedan. It rides on the new rear-wheel drive LX platform sharing similarities with the Chrysler 300. In 2011 the next generation was launched. The styling of the 2011 was like the late 1960s muscle car Chargers. The Pentastar 3.6 liter V6 was the base engine. The 292 hp V6 engine got 21 mpg city and 31 mpg on the highway using an 8-speed automatic transmission. The combination could move the Charger from 0-60 mph in 6.6 seconds. It was available in rear-wheel drive or all-wheel drive. 

Sayaka Osakabe

Sayaka Osakabe (; born 1978) is a Japanese magazine editor and women's rights activist. She went to court because of Japan's Equal Opportunities law. The government decided that discrimination against women because of pregnancy is illegal. In 2015, the U.S State Department gave Osakabe the International Women of Courage Award. 

Sayaka Osakabe was born in Japan in 1978. She had a job as a magazine editor. She became pregnant, so she asked her boss for shorter work hours. Osakabe's boss wanted her to quit her job. Osakabe was pregnant twice and she lost the baby twice. Then Osakabe asked for a leave of absence so she could leave her job to become pregnant, then return to the job. Her boss refused. Osakabe quit her job, but she took her case to a labor tribunal. In June, 2014, Osakabe won her case. 

Osakabe started a support group called "Matahara Net". The word comes from the English words "maternity and harassment". The word "matahara" is now a legal term.


Arbana Xharra

Arbana Xharra is a journalist from Kosovo. In 2015 she won the International Women of Courage Award from the US State Department.

Arbana Xharra became a journalist in 2001. She worked for "Koha Ditore", Kosovo's first independent newspaper, in 2006 and 2007. She wrote for "Balkan Insight" and is now editor-in-chief of "Zëri".

Xharra writes about many public issues. In 2006 she investigated government expense reports and problems with financial management. In 2007, she wrote about inflation and food shortages. In 2010 she wrote a report about the finances of the state-run Telecom of Kosovo. 

In 2012, Xharra had legal problems. She wrote a report about government corruption and about politicians' connections with local business. The court decided that Xharra acted correctly. They said she followed the Code of Ethics for print media of Kosovo.

In 2012, Xharra investigated the increase of religious activity in the former Yugoslavia. She wrote about religious extremism and its effect on society. When she investigated Islamic extremists in Kosovo, she found connections with terrorist organizations. Xharra's report helped the government with the problem. After the report, she received death threats.

Xharra won the UNDP Prize three times--in 2006, 2007, and 2008--for her articles on corruption in Kosovo. In 2012 she won a Balkan Fellowship for Journalistic Excellence and studied the changing attitudes towards Islam in Kosovo. In 2013 she won the "Rexhai Surroi Award" from the KOHA Group for an article on extremism. She also won the "Stirring Up Debate Award" from INPO Ferizaj for starting public discussion on religious extremism. In 2015 she won the US Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award.


Life Ball

The Life Ball is a charity event, held each year in Vienna. It is an event to help raise funds to combat HIV. It is one of the biggest such events in the world. Gery Keszler and Torgom Petrosian started the foundation in 1993. Torgom Petrosian, a doctor who was affected, has since died of AIDS. 

Many people notable from public life take part in the opening ceremony. The event is known for its extravagant style. 

Garo Yepremian

Garabed Sarkis "Garo" Yepremian (June 2, 1944 – May 15, 2015) was an American football placekicker. He played in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions, Miami Dolphins, New Orleans Saints, and Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1966 to 1981.

Yepremian was born in Larnaca, southern Cyprus to Armenian parents. He died from brain cancer on May 15, 2015 in Media, Pennsylvania, aged 70.

Keflavík International Airport

Reykjavík-Keflavík Airport (also called Keflavik Airport) is the largest and busiest airport in Iceland. It is the country's main hub for international flights. The airport is west of the Icelandic capital, Reykjavík. The airport has three runways. Most international flights to or from Iceland pass through this airport.

The main airlines at Keflavík are Icelandair and WOW Air. Both make the airport their main hub. The airport handles almost all international flights. Most domestic flights are flown from Reykjavík Airport. It is only from Reykjavík. Keflavík Airport is operated by Isavia, a government enterprise. 

Until World War II Iceland had very little contact with the United States. Because of the strategic importance of Iceland to the war in Europe The US and Iceland signed a treaty in June 1941. The Americans built military bases on land provided by Iceland. Construction on the airport began on 2 July 1942. It was occupied by US troops on 24 March 1943 and named Meeks field. After the war the US wanted to keep their bases but the Icelandic government said no. Ownership of Keflavik airport was returned to Iceland while the American military turned over their facilities to an American company to run for them. When Iceland joined the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in 1949, they sided firmly with the Americans in the Cold War. In 1951 a new treaty was signed and the American military returned to Iceland. During the cold war the Icelandic bases were used for surveillance in the North Atlantic. In the 1990s, with the end of the Cold War, the US scaled back its operations in Iceland. In 2006 it closed down its base at Keflavik.

During the 1950s two airlines served Iceland. Loftleidir Icelandic flew between Luxembourg and New York stopping in Iceland. The other carrier was Flugfelag Islands. They flew to Europe from Reykjavik. Sometime after the start of the jet age both moved to Keflavik. The two companies later joined together as “Icelandair”. In April 1987, the airport got the "Leifur Eiriksson International Air Terminal". It was remodeled and extended in 2001. When the US military left in 2006, the government owned company ISAVIA took over control. The company operates all airports and navigational aids in Iceland. 

According to an article in USA Today, Leifur Eiriksson Air Terminal was ranked second best in the world. According to Frommers.com "Iceland's cozy, little international airport looks like it arrived in a flat pack from Ikea". The airport has beautiful views of the rugged Islandic landscape. The Leifur Eiríksson Terminal is well lit, clean and easy to navigate for travelers. It is open 24 hours a day. The tax-free and duty-free shops are available both for arriving and departing passengers.


Pontiac G6

Pontiac G6 was a mid-sized automobile sold by the Pontiac division of General Motors. It was available as a coupe, sedan or convertible. The G6 was introduced in 2005 to replace the Grand Am. The last model year for the G6 was 2010. It was unchanged from the 2009 model. General Motors declared bankruptcy in 2009 and Pontiac division was discontinued. The 2010 G6 was the very last U.S. built Pontiac.

Iceland Express

Iceland Express was a low-cost airline from Iceland. It began in 2002. Reykjavík-Keflavík Airport used to be their main hub. WOW Air bought the airline in 2012.

Braniff International Airways

Braniff International Airways was an American airline. The company started in 1928. The first flight was between Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma on 20 June 1928. Called the Paul R. Braniff Inc. Airline, it set up service between Oklahoma City and Tulsa three days a week. During World War II it lost half it's fleet to government service. After the war, Braniff began flying to South America. It served Brazil, Argentina, Columbia and Peru. Braniff became the first all-jet airline in 1960. After the airline deregulation of 1978, Braniff found the air fare competition cut into profits. The recession had caused fewer passengers. Braniff found itself with too many air routes. With rising interest rates and fuel prices, the company debt became a major problem. Braniff declared bankruptcy in 1982. Its last flight was on May 12, 1982. 

Early Dynastic Period (Egypt)

The Early Dynastic Period of Egypt began when Lower and Upper Egypt were joined together as one country in about 3100 BC. This was called the "Two Lands". The First and Second Dynasties ruled during this time. It ended in about 2686 BC, at the beginning of the Old Kingdom.

The capital city of the "Two Lands" was moved from Thinis to Memphis. The united Egypt was ruled by an Egyptian god-king. The main features of ancient Egyptian civilization, such as art, architecture and religion, took shape during this time.

Before the Early Dynastic Period, Egypt was settled with small, separate villages. The rulers were able to set up a government system across the whole country, run by local royal governors. Government buildings were usually open-air temples made of wood or sandstone. Writing, in hieroglyphs began to be used just before this period. Little is known about the spoken language.

By about 3600 BC, neolithic Egyptian societies on the River Nile were growing crops and farming with animals. Shortly after 3600 BC Egyptian society began to grow and advance rapidly. They made pottery in a new style and began using copper. The Egyptians began using sun-dried bricks for building. They also started using the arch, and recessed walls for decorative effect.

The societies and towns on the upper Nile River, or Upper Egypt began to join together. This was also happening in the Nile Delta, or Lower Egypt. There were often wars between Upper and Lower Egypt. During his rule in Upper Egypt, King Narmer defeated his enemies on the Delta. He joined the Kingdom of Upper and Lower Egypt together under his rule. Narmer is shown in pictures wearing the double crown, called the Pschent, with the lotus flower of Upper Egypt and the papyrus reed of Lower Egypt. These symbols of a united Egypt were used by all future rulers. In mythology, the falcon-god, Horus of Lower Egypt, won a battle over the god Seth, of Upper Egypt. This helped start the idea that Egyptian kings were gods and divine, which lasted for 3,000 years. It was the basis of Egypt's government. The unification of societies of the Nile has also been linked to the drying of the Sahara.

Rich people began to have more complex funeral practices. The Egyptians began building mastabas which became models for later buildings, such as the Old Kingdom's Step pyramid. The growing of cereal crops and the use of central control to organize farm workers helped the success of the state for the next 800 years.

It seems certain that Egypt was unified culturally and economically long before its first king ruled from the city of Memphis. Political unification was a slow process, taking place over a century or so. Local areas started trading networks and governments were able to organize farm workers on a large scale. Divine kingship gained importance as the cults of gods like Horus, Seth and Neith spread across the country.

The Egyptian writing system was further developed. At first Egyptian writing was a few symbols showing amounts of various items. By the end of the third dynasty it had been grown to more than 200 symbols, both phonograms and ideograms.

Manetho, an Egyptian historian, said almost three thousand years later that Menes was the first king of the "Two Lands". Menes is probably Narmer, the earliest recorded king of the First Dynasty Narmer's name is on the king lists of Den and Qa'a. The first dynasty kings saw Narmer as an important founding figure. Narmer is also the earliest king linked to the symbols of power over the two lands. The Narmer palette, a special cosmetic palette designed for ritual use, shows him wearing the Pschent, the double crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. Another theory is that Narmer was the last king of the Protodynastic Period and that Menes was Hor-Aha.



Archimedean solid

In geometry, an Archimedean solid is a convex shape which is composed of polygons. It is a polyhedron, with the following properties:
Depending on the way there are counted, there are thirteen or fifteen such shapes. Of two of these shapes, there are two versions, which cannot be made congruent using rotation. The Archimedean solids are named after the Ancient Greek mathematician Archimedes, who probably discovered them in the 3rd century BC. The writings of Archimedes have been lost, but Pappus of Alexandria summarized them in the 4th century. During the Renaissance, artists and mathematicians valued "pure forms" and rediscovered all of these forms. Johannes Kepler probably completed this search around 1620.

Constructing an Archimedean solid takes at least two different polygons.


Platonic solids can be turned into Archimedean solids by following a series of rules for their construction.

The following is a listing of all Archimedean solids

Gigablast

Gigablast is a small web search engine based in New Mexico. It was started by Matt Wells in 2000 and was part of Infoseek.

In July 2013, the website's source code was released under the Apache License.


Soviet Philatelic Association

Soviet Philatelic Association (SFA) was a business run by the Soviet Union authorities in the field of philately.
Two early philatelic public entities existed in the Soviet Union. These were All-Russian Society of Philatelists (created in 1922) and Philatelic International (or Filintern organised in 1924). In July 1924, an ""All-Union Philatelic Association of Socialist Soviet Republics"" was formed. It was called the "State Philatelic Organization". This association was entrusted to Feodor Chuchin. He also supervised another state body, Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily. The All-Union Philatelic Association ceased to exist soon after. It lacked a published decree of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) and RSFSR Sovnarkom.

On 25 October 1926, a new association was established in Moscow by VTsIK and Sovnarkom decree. It replaced the Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily. SFA sold Soviet stamps to foreign dealers, Soviet philatelists, and schoolboys. These latter glued their stamps into school notebooks because of a lack of stamp albums.

The SFA organ was the journal "Sovetskii Filatelist" ("Soviet Philatelist").

In 1938, the Soviet Philatelic Association was replaced with the Chief Philatelic Bureau.

Hexacorallia

Hexacorallia is a large subclass of Anthozoa in the aquatic phylum Cnidaria.

It has about 4,300 species, all polyps, generally with 6-fold symmetry. It includes all the stony corals, most of which are colonial and reef-forming. It also contains the sea anemones, tube anemones, and zoanthids, in six living orders. 

The Hexacorallia are distinguished from the other subclass of Anthozoa, the Octocorallia, because they have six or less axes of symmetry in their body structure and only single rows of tentacles. They are formed of individual soft polyps which in some species live in colonies and secrete a calcite skeleton. As with all Cnidarians, these organisms have a complex life cycle including a mobile planktonic phase and a later sessile phase. 

Hexacorallia also include the extinct orders of the rugose corals and tabulate corals. They built the coral reefs of the Palaeozoic era. In fact, there are a total of eight extinct orders of the Hexacorallia, which shows it has always been an important group of marine organisms.

Antiprism

In geometry, an antiprism is a polyhedron (a 3D shape). It is made of two copies of a regular polygon. These polygons are connected using an alternating band of triangles. To connect a pair of n-sided polygons, 2n triangles are needed. Antiprisms are like prisms, but prisms use parallelograms for the bands at the side.

A right antiprism uses a right angle to connect the base polygons to the band of triangles. A uniform antiprism uses equilateral triangles as base surfaces. 

The regular octahedron is a special kind of antiprism, since all of its faces are equilateral triangles. There are triangles on opposite sides of the octahedron. These triangles are connected by the rest of the triangles, which form an alternating band. 

Chinx

Lionel Pickens (December 4, 1983 – May 17, 2015), better known by his stage name Chinx (formerly Chinx Drugz), was an American rapper from Queens, New York. He was a member of French Montana's Coke Boys group and record label. Other members are Cheeze, Flip, and Lil Durk. He was best known for his raps on the "Coke Boys" mixtapes and the "Cocaine Riot" mixtape series. He died from a fatal gunshot wound after a drive-by shooting in Jamaica, Queens on May 17, 2015.

On how he got started rapping, Chinx said: "I started rapping at the table in junior high school for fun with the homies and then by 9th grade is when I started taking music seriously. At that point is when I started investing my street money into my studio time and trying to find my sound."

On May 17, 2015, New York police officers (NYPD) went, after a 911 call, to Briarwood, Queens at about 4:00 a.m. There, they found Chinx and another victim in a car at Queens Boulevard and 84th Drive. Chinx was rushed to Jamaica Medical Center in Jamaica, Queens with gunshot wounds. There he was pronounced dead, at age 31.



Philatelic International

Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector-workers in the 1920s to 1940s.

The creation of the Filintern was set up at a conference in Moscow in 22 to 30 June 1924. Its formation was greeted by all branches of the All-Russian Society of Philatelists and at the same time by the Soviet Esperantists. At the conference opening, Feodor Chuchin, Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily, declared:
A program for the Filintern's central organ was developed that included:

Filintern facilitates the goals of philatelists, scripophilists and Esperantists. Within Filintern, they could:

Using philately, scripophily and Esperanto, the Soviet authorities also hoped for promoting communist propaganda among the foreign proletariat.

The Philatelic International's organ was the journal . Its Editor was a prominent Russian philatelist L. K. Eichfuss. The first issue of the journal appeared in January 1925.


Chinchorro mummies

The Chinchorro mummies are mummified remains of people from the South American Chinchorro culture, found in what is now northern Chile and southern Peru. They are the oldest examples of artificially mummified human remains. The oldest are 7,000 years old. The mummies continued to be made until about 1800 B.C.

They were first studied by the Andean archaeologist Max Uhle in 1914. Today, over 280 mummies have been found. About 120 of them are kept at the University of Tarapaca museum. Recently, scientist saw that some of the mummies are melting. This is because the increased humidity due to climate change has let microbes attack the skin. 

Shell mounds and bone chemistry suggest that 90% of the diet of these people was seafood.

Uhle categorized the types of mummification he saw into three categories: simple treatment, complex treatment, and mud-coated mummies. Since then, other archaeologists refined his classification and now mostly use the following classification of Chinchorro mummification: natural, black, red, mud-coated and bandage mummies. The two most common techniques used in Chinchorro mummification were the black mummies and the red mummies.


Roger Mudd

Roger Harrison Mudd (February 9, 1928 – March 9, 2021) was an American broadcast journalist. He worked as the primary anchor for The History Channel. 

Mudd was the weekend and weekday substitute anchor for the "CBS Evening News", the co-anchor of the weekday "NBC Nightly News", and the host of the NBC-TV "Meet the Press," and "American Almanac" TV programs. 

Mudd was the winner of the Peabody Award, the Joan Shorenstein Award for Distinguished Washington Reporting, and five Emmy Awards.

Mudd died on March 9, 2021 in McLean, Virginia from problems caused by kidney failure, aged 93.


Harry Martin (judge)

Harry Corpening Martin (January 13, 1920 – May 3, 2015) was an American judge. He served as the Associate Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court, serving from 1982 to 1992. He was born in Lenoir, North Carolina.

Marin died on May 3, 2015 in Asheville, North Carolina, aged 95.

Moshe Levinger

Moshe Levinger () (born 1935 in Jerusalem - May 16, 2015 in Hebron) was an Israeli Religious Zionist and an Orthodox Rabbi. 

From 1967 to 2015, he was a leading figure in the movement to settle Jews in the territories occupied by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War. He was especially known for leading Jewish settlement in Hebron in 1968 and for being one of the principals of the now defunct settler movement Gush Emunim founded in 1974.

Yeung Kwong

Yeung Kwong, GBM (1926 – 16 May 2015) was a Hong Kong Communist trade unionist and activist. He was leader of the Hong Kong 1967 Leftist Riots against the British rule in Hong Kong.

Yeung died at a hospital in Yan Tin, Hong King from heart failure, aged 89.

Rosemarie DeWitt

Rosemarie DeWitt (born October 26, 1971) is an American actress. She played Emily Lehman in the Fox television series "Standoff". She played Amy Bowen in the 2015 remake movie "Poltergeist". 

She was born in Flushing, Queens, New York. DeWitt married Ron Livingston in 2009. They have two children.

Poltergeist (2015 movie)

Poltergeist is a 2015 American horror, fantasy and thriller movie. It is a remake of Steven Spielberg's 1982 movie with the same name. This new version is produced by Sam Raimi. It stars Sam Rockwell, Rosemarie DeWitt, Jared Harris, and Jane Adams.

The movie was released on May 22, 2015 in North America. It will be screened in 3D.

This movie is about a family whose suburban home has an invasion of angry spirits. These frightening ghosts attack the family who live in a quiet wealthy neighborhood. They kidnap the youngest daughter. The family has to make a plan to rescue her.

The first trailer for the new movie was released on February 5, 2015. A "Slate Magazine" writer said that the trailer made the movie look too much like the first one. James Hibberd of "Entertainment Weekly" said that the trailer "retains and amplifies several elements from the original". He also gave praise that "the modernizing doesn’t result in, say, the family’s daughter being kidnapped by ghosts in Snapchat". Brad Miska of Bloody Disgusting said that "while every fiber of my being wants to reject it, [the film] actually looks pretty insane", and praised the trailer's last scene. A "Polygon" writer said that the trailer looked similar to the first movie, but that it "looks great, as a horror movie".

"Poltergeist" has not received good reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the movie got only a 34%, with 77 reviews. The audience rating was 34% who say they liked it. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 47 out of 100, given by 25 critics. This means it has lower than average reviews. Roger Ebert said "Nothing about 'Poltergeist' feels fresh or new". He gave it one and a half stars. Ebert also said "See it in 2D if you choose to see it at all."

Get Hard

Get Hard is an American comedy movie. Alison Brie plays Alissa. Kevin Hart plays Darnell.


On December 7, 2012, it was announced that Warner Bros. was in talks to acquire the "Get Hard" comedy movie script. On September 17, 2013, Etan Cohen was set to direct. On February 24, 2014, Warner Bros. set the release date for 27 March 2015.

The movie was released on 27 March 2015 in the United States. 

It got negative reviews by movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie 29%. Metacritic rates the movie 34 out of 100, meaning "generally unfavorable reviews".

"Get Hard" made over $105 million overall.


Woman in Gold (movie)

Woman in Gold is a 2015 British drama movie. The movie is based on the true story of Maria Altmann, who lived in Los Angeles. 

Altmann fought the government of Austria for almost ten years to get back Gustav Klimt's iconic painting of her aunt, "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I". Altmann took her legal battle to the Supreme Court of the United States. It ruled in her favor in "Republic of Austria v. Altmann" (2004).

The movie was screened in the Berlinale Special Galas section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival.


On May 15, 2014, Tatiana Maslany was cast in a principal role as the younger version of Helen Mirren's character, appearing in the WWII flashbacks. On May 29, Katie Holmes also joined the cast. Elizabeth McGovern, Charles Dance and Max Irons also joined. On July 9, 2014, Frances Fisher joined to play the mother of Ryan Reynolds' character.

This movie was released in April 2015. It got mixed reviews. It grossed over $35 million in the box office. Rotten Tomatoes rates the movie 52%. Metacritic gives the movie a 51% rating That means "mixed or average" reviews. The Roger Ebert website, RogerEbert.com, gave the movie two and a half stars. Rex Reed of "New York Observer" called "Woman in Gold" "an extraordinary love story turned into an exemplary motion picture about one German Jew".


The Longest Ride

The Longest Ride is a 2015 romantic-drama movie. It is about Luke Collins, a bull rider who is seriously injured one night while riding. One year later, he meets Sophia. Lolita Davidovich plays Linda Collins. Gloria Reuben plays Adrienne.


In April 2014, Fox 2000 Pictures set a movie adaptation to be released on April 10, 2015.

Principal photography began on June 16, 2014 in Wilmington and Winston-Salem, North Carolina. On July 28, filming began in Jacksonville.

The movie was released on April 10, 2015.

Critics gave negative reviews to the movie. Rotten Tomatoes has given a rating of 29% to "The Longest Ride". RogerEbert.com gave the movie one and a half stars in its reviews. Variety magazine gave mixed reviews for this movie. Metacritic rates the movie 29%, meaning "generally unfavorable" reviews.

It took in more than $51 million. The movie is rated PG-13.


Châtellerault

Châtellerault is a "commune" in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. It is a subprefecture of the Vienne department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Châtellerault is in the centre of the Vienne department. The Vienne river flows through the city. Several tributaries of the Vienne river join the river in Châtellerault or near it: Clain, Ozon and Envigne.

Châtellerault is at about from Bordeaux, from Paris, from Marseille and from Toulouse.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Châtellerault is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Châtellerault, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Châtellerault are known, in French, as "Châtelleraudais" (women: "Châtelleraudaises").

With a population of 31,722, Châtellerault has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Châtellerault

Châtellerault forms, with three other "communes", the urban area of Châtellerault with a population of 40,124 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Châtellerault, formed by 32 "communes", with a population of 69,645 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Châtellerault is a subprefecture of the Vienne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Châtellerault and the administrative centre () of three cantons

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Pays Châtelleraudais" ().

Châtellerault is twinned with:

This is a list of people of interest who were born or resided in Châtellerault :



Uptown Funk!

"Uptown Funk!" is a song by British DJ/producer Mark Ronson, featuring American singer Bruno Mars. This song was heavily influenced by Minneapolis sound from the early 1980s. The song was released on November 10, 2014. It reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was Mars' sixth #1 song on that chart. The song also hit #1 on other charts.

The song samples "Bye Bye" by Chimbala featuring Liro Shaq and Mozart La Para and "I Don't Believe You Want to Get Up and Dance (Oops!)" by The Gap Band. It was written by Mars, Ronson, Jeff Bhasker, Philip Lawrence, Devon Gallaspy, Lonnie Simmons, Rudolph Taylor, and Robert, Ronnie, and Charlie Wilson. Mars, Ronson, and Bhasker produced the song.

The song finished as the #1 song of the 2010s decade on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Romorantin-Lanthenay

Romorantin-Lanthenay is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department. About 17,000 people live there. Every year during the last weekend in October, a cuisine festival is held; First held in 1978, "Les Journées Gastronomiques de Sologne" now attracts around 13,000 visitors.

Parthenay

Parthenay is a "commune", an ancient fortified town, in the Deux-Sèvres department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. It is a subprefecture of the Deux-Sèvres department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Parthenay.

Parthenay is considered the capital of the "Gâtine poitevine" (or "Gâtine de Parthenay"), a region with bocages that is found in the central third of the department of Deux-Sèvres. It is at to the southeast of Bressuire, the other subprefecture of the department.

The city is at about from Bordeaux, from Paris, from Marseille and from Toulouse.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Parthenay is surrounded by the "communes":

The Thouet river, a left tributary of the Loire river, flows through the city.

The climate of Parthenay, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Parthenay are known, in French, as " Parthenaisiens" (women: "Parthenaisiennes").

With a population of 10,367, Parthenay has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Parthenay

Parthenay is a subprefecture of the Deux-Sèvres department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Parthenay and the administrative centre () of the canton of Parthenay.

It is part of the intercommunality "Parthenay-Gâtine" ().

Parthenay is twinned with:



Narbonne

Narbonne () is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Aude department. It is in the Occitanie region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Narbonne.

It was a wealthy port and major city in Roman times but now is at about from the shores of the Mediterranean Sea.

The "commune" of Narbonne has an area of . The lowest point in the "commune" is 0 m along the Mediterranean coast and the highest point is ; its average altitude is and the city hall is an altitude of .

The "commune" of Narbonne is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Narbonne, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csa - Mediterranean climate with hot summers.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Narbonnais" (women: "Narbonnaises").

With a population of 52,855, Narbonne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Narbonne

Narbonne forms the urban area of Narbonne with a population of 52,855 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Narbonne, formed by 24 "communes" with a population of 91,825 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Narbonne is a subprefecture of the Aude department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Narbonne and the administrative centre () of three cantons

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Narbonne" ().

Narbonne is twinned with:



Fréjus

Fréjus is a commune located on the Mediterranean Sea in the Var department. About 53,000 people live there. It is a famous seaside resort.

Loop (graph theory)

In graph theory a loop is an edge that connects a vertex to itself.

Truncated icosahedron

A truncated icosahedron is an Archimedean solid. A regular icosahedron is made of 20 faces. When a regular icosahedron is truncated, this means that each "corner" (or vertex) is replaced by a pentagon, as there are five edges at each corner. 

A truncated icosahedron is made of 12 regular pentagons and 20 hexagons. It has 60 vertices, and 90 edges. 

The molecule Fullerene is made of 60 carbon atoms and looks like a truncated icosahedron. 

Most soccer balls are truncated icosahedra. 

Truncated octahedron

A truncated octahedron is an Archimedean solid. It has 14 faces: 8 are hexagons, 6 are squares. It is obtained by cutting the edges of an octahedron. Each corner of the octahedron has four connections. Cutting the corner will therefore replace it with a square.

Soviet Philatelist

Soviet Philatelist or Sovetskii Filatelist was a Soviet central philatelic magazine published in 1922–1932. In 1925 and in 1928–1932, its name was changed to Soviet Collector or Sovetskii Kollektsioner.
By 1922, shortly after the Civil War, a number of magazines and pamphlets for collectors appeared in Soviet Russia:

However, centralisation of collectors' organisations and periodicals was wanted:
By 1924, these local magazines eventually closed down. In September 1922, the new magazine, "Soviet Philatelist", first saw print in Moscow. Its founder and editor was F. G. Chuchin, Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily.

In 1925, the magazine name was changed to "Sovetskii Kollektsioner". The magazine was published biweekly. It was edited by V. A. Bessonov at that time.

In 1926 three magazines, "Sovetskii Filatelist", "Sovetskii Kollektsioner" and "Radio de Filintern", were combined. They began to be published under one cover. Their individual lineal numeration was preserved. The last combined issue came out in December 1927.

In the first half of 1928, the cover of the combined issues was only under one title, "Sovetskii Filatelist". In July 1928, the magazine was renamed to "Sovetskii Kollektsioner". It was published by the Soviet Philatelic Association and the All-Russian Society of Philatelists. The last issue appeared in December 1932.



Academic journal

An academic or scholarly journal contains articles written by experts in a particular subject. Academic journals are often forums for discussing new research, and the critique of existing research. They usually contain articles presenting original research, review articles, and book reviews. The purpose of an academic journal is to give researchers a place to exchange knowledge. Academic journals can be traced back to the 17th century.

The term "academic journal" applies to scholarly publications in all fields. Scientific journals and journals of the social sciences vary in form and function from journals of the humanities. A particular type of academic journal is the peer reviewed journal. Articles are sent out anonymously to other experts in the same field. In this way they won't know the author's name and can remain impartial. Experts review the article before it is published.


Paul Eisler

Paul Eisler (1907 – 26 October 1992) was an Austrian inventor. He invented the modern circuit board. He also invented fish fingers (also called "fish sticks").

Eisler was born in Vienna, Austria. He was a student at Vienna University of Technology. German nationalists would not let Eisler get a job in Vienna, because he was Jewish. He got a job with an English company (Gramaphone Company, EMI from March 1931). He removed interference from music broadcast on trains. He moved to England but was sent to an internment camp during WWII. Eventually, his circuit boards for the Americans helped defeat German V-1 flying bombs.

He invented the modern circuit board. He created a pizza warmer, and the rear window defroster. He also invented fish fingers.

Ziegfeld Follies

The Ziegfeld Follies were a series of elaborate theatrical productions on Broadway in New York City from 1907 through 1931, with renewals in 1934 and 1936. The Ziegfeld Follies were inspired by the Folies Bergère of Paris. They were conceived and mounted by Florenz Ziegfeld. The show producers were Klaw & Erlanger, the top turn-of-the-twentieth-century showmen.

The Follies were lavish variety shows, something like music hall or high class Vaudeville. Many of the top entertainers of the era appeared in the shows. The list includes W. C. Fields, Eddie Cantor, Josephine Baker, Fanny Brice, Ann Pennington, Bert Williams, Eva Tanguay, Bob Hope, Will Rogers, Ruth Etting, Ray Bolger, Helen Morgan, Louise Brooks, Marilyn Miller, Ed Wynn, Gilda Gray, Nora Bayes, Sophie Tucker. The Ziegfeld Follies also were famous for many, beautiful chorus girls commonly known as Ziegfeld girls, usually wearing elaborate costumes by designers such as Erté, Lady Duff Gordon or Ben Ali Haggin. The first "Follies" was produced in 1907 at the roof theatre "Jardin de Paris".

The Ziegfeld girls "paraded up and down flights of stairs as anything from birds to battleships." The "Tableau vivants" were designed by Ben Ali Haggin from 1917 to 1925. Joseph Urban was the scenic designer for the "Follies" shows starting in 1915.

After Ziegfeld's death, his widow Billie Burke, authorized use of his name for Ziegfeld Follies in 1934 and 1936 to Jake Shubert, who then produced the "Follies". When later it toured, the 1934 edition was recorded in its entirety, from the Overture to Play-out music. First issued as a series of 78 rpm discs, the recording was later released as a compact disc (1997).

They became a radio program in 1932 and 1936 as "The Ziegfeld Follies of the Air". The 1936 Academy Award Best Picture winner was M-G-M's "The Great Ziegfeld", starring William Powell as the master showman and co-starring Myrna Loy (as Ziegfeld's second wife Billie Burke),

Casualty

Casualty may refer to:

Mississippian culture

Mississippian culture is the culture of the Mississippian people. They were Native Americans who lived in the Mississippi River Valley. Around 900–1450 AD, the Mississippian culture developed and spread through the Eastern Woodlands. Mississippian people were most often farmers who settled into river valleys and grew the "three sisters" of corn, beans and squash.

The Mississippian peoples lived throughout the Southeast and Midwest, an area from the Florida panhandle westward into Oklahoma, northward to Minnesota and eastward to Ohio.

Pan-Arabism

Pan Arabism is a political movement and belief system that promotes the idea that all Arabs should unite to form one country or state. The idea of Pan Arabism was first created during the late 1800s and early 1900s. Pan Arabism’s popularity grew throughout the early 1900s, and in the 1950s Middle Eastern leaders, including Egypt’s President, Gamal Abdel Nasser, became major supporters of the Pan-Arab movement. Pan Arabists generally believe that all countries with Arab populations should come together or unify and that Western powers, like the United States or Great Britain, should not have any political power or influence in North Africa or the Arabian Peninsula.

During the late 1800s, the Ottoman Empire controlled most of the Middle East. The Middle East, at the time, was very diverse. Many different ethnic and cultural groups of people lived in the region. By 1900, the Ottoman Empire was in decline and many of the different groups of people living in the Empire wanted to form independent governments managed by people living within their own communities. 

One group that began to form their own ideas about a self-governed or self determined community were Arabs. Many educated Arab students and professors working at universities, like Al-Azhar University, began to publish magazines and form clubs promoting the idea of a unified Arab community or nation. These ideas became very popular across Arab regions of the former Ottoman Empire. By 1913, Arab organizations from all around the Middle East met to form the first Arab Congress in Paris, France. At the Congress, Arabs from around the Ottoman Empire discussed the possibility of freeing themselves from the Ottoman Empire and establishing Arab-governed countries. 

The Ottoman Empire responded to the Arab Congress by punishing Arab nationalists. In some territories of the Ottoman Empire, Arab nationalists were put in jail and even killed for their activities. 

During World War One, many Arab groups support the Allied powers’ military campaign against the Ottoman Empire. At the end of World War I, the Ottoman Empire collapsed, and the Allied Powers met together to decide what would happen to the territory formerly under Ottoman control. Despite supporting the Allies during the war, many Arab countries were not granted their freedom by the Allies. Still eager to gain Independence, Arabs living in occupied countries began to form ideas about what a free Arab state would look like. These ideas would eventually become the backbone of Pan Arabism. 

After World War One, many Arab-speaking scholars and students in the former Ottoman Empire began to write about the history of the Arab people. One of these writers, Darwish-Al Maqdidi, wrote a school textbook that outlined the beliefs of the early Pan-Arab movement. The textbook was used in many schools all across the Arab Middle East, and it suggested that the Arab homeland was not restricted to the Arabian peninsula, but extended to wherever Arabs lived. Moreover, Miqdadi, as well as other Arab scholars, believed that a free and unified Arab nation could only exist if western influence was removed from the Arab Middle East. Generally, the core of Miqdadi’s beliefs, and others like his, became the philosophy of Pan Arabism. 

Pan Arabism’s popularity began to grow after many Arab countries gained independence in the 1940s and 1950s. Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser (1956-1970) was a big supporter of Pan Arab nationalism. Nasser believed that the Arab world in both Northern Africa and the Arabian Peninsula should be unified, since many of these countries shared a common culture, religion, and language, During his presidency, Nasser helped establish the United Arab Republic with Syria. The republic lasted three years. Its collapse was largely due to Nasser’s efforts to rapidly change the Syrian and Egyptian economies; also, many Syrians disliked that Nasser wanted to centralize government power and operations in Egypt.

After the fall of the UAR, Nasser attempted to rally other Arab countries to the Pan-Arabist cause. During the Six Days War in 1967, Nasser led an Arab coalition (Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, and Iraq) to battle Israel. Israel won the war, and the Arab coalition and Nasser’s efforts to create a unified Arab Middle East suffered a major setback. 

After the Six Day's War, Egypt's role, as the leader of the Pan-Arab movement, was severely weakened. Other Arab nationalist organizations started to branch out on their own, independent of Egypt and other Arab countries. The Palestinians, in particular, began to form their own organization that was centered on Palestinian nationalism, and not a Pan-Arab one. Furthermore, Gamal Nasser's sudden death in 1970, left the Pan-Arab movement without a clear leader. 

Since the late 1970s, many professors and Middle East experts have claimed that Pan Arabism no longer exists Fouad Ajami suggests that Pan Arabism collapsed because Gamel Nasser, the clear leader of the movement, lost momentum after the Arab defeat in the Six Day War. Moreover, other Arab groups, most notably the Palestinians, lost faith in the Pan-Arab movement and tried to branch out on their own. More recently, though, after the events of the Arab Spring of 2011, many scholars and journalists argue that Pan Arabism is coming back in different ways. Susan De Muth suggests that the Pan Arabism of the Arab Spring is different than it was thirty years ago. She suggests that the Pan Arabism of Gamel Nasser’s era was tied to the idea of keeping the Arab World free of foreign and western influence, while today’s Pan Arabism is mostly led by young people who are dedicated to reforming or making governments in Arab countries less oppressive or controlling. This new form of Pan Arabism has been strengthened by technology, like social media. According to De Muth, protesters from different countries have been able to strengthen their cause and even coordinate protests with movements in other Arab countries using social media. Other scholars are not as optimistic as De Muth; Marc Lynch suggests that the protests of the Arab Spring were long overdue, and that the political movements in the Arab Middle East have been slowly building strength for the last thirty years.



National School Lunch Program

The National School Lunch Program (NSLP) is a government-funded program that helps provide free and reduced-price lunches to students in American schools.

The National School Lunch Program was created to fight hunger and bad nutrition that existed during World War I. One-third of the young men called to be soldiers in World War I were turned down from service. This was due to poor nutrition-related problems such as being underweight. After the war, teachers, parents, doctors, and scientists began to fight poor nutrition in children. ‘Hot Lunch Clubs’ opened up all over the country to give healthy meals to schoolchildren. This program started as a volunteer-run school lunch program in the 1920s. However, in the 1930s, this program received public support and some state funding. 

During the Great Depression, many farmers were paid record low prices for their food. This was because there was more farm-grown food than people needed. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) tried to solve the problem by giving the extra food to schools. The USDA was allowed to use government money to buy extra food and give it to the schools. In order to receive the food donations, school lunch programs had to run on a non-profit basis. This meant that the meals needed to be served to poor students at free or reduced rates. School cafeterias began to pop up around the country. Both the schools and the USDA began to depend on the relationship. 

As World War II began, the government wanted to focus on good health so that the soldiers would be ready for war. Government officials asked health professionals to create standards (rules) for the amount of vitamins, calories and other things needed to stay healthy. These became known as the Recommended Daily Allowances (RDAs). School lunch programs had to use the standards when planning their menus. In 1946, President Truman signed the law that would provide long-term funding to the National School Lunch Program. The USDA continued to manage the school lunch program.

Today the National School Lunch Program serves more than 31 billion meals a day. In 2012 this equaled more than $11 billion dollars spent on the program. Additionally, more than 100,000 schools participated in the program nationwide in 2012. Although the National School Lunch Program (NSLP) is federally funded, it is managed at the state level.  In order to receive money, schools in the program must serve meals that meet the federal nutrition standards. The amount of money the school gets depends on the number of meals served.  

Students can buy lunch at three cost levels—free, reduced-price, or paid lunch. The amount the student pays for lunch depends on the family income. The amount of money that the school receives depends on how closely they follow the federal nutrition standards.

Meal planning is done by each school district, which are also called “School Food Authorities” (SFAs). The SFAs decide what food to buy, and how to create a menu that meets the NSLP nutrition standards. 

In 2010 Congress passed the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, which was the first update to the nutrition standards in schools since 1995.  It helped create new nutritional rules for the National School Lunch Program. These changes were to start in schools beginning in the 2012-2013 school year. Meal planning is left up to each school—but in order to receive federal money participating schools must follow the nutritional standards.  The new standards in the HHFKA created the most strict standards for child nutrition programs in over 30 years.

First derivative test

In calculus, the first derivative test is used to find local maxima and minima of a function. The first derivative test can be used to determine intervals of increase and intervals of decrease.

Critical points are values in the domain of a function where its derivative is 0 or undefined (formula_1 or formula_2 does not exist).

To find the critical points of a function, the first derivative of the function is computed and set equal to zero. Next, the zeroes of this equation are solved for. If is is a rational function (formula_3, where formula_4) the values that will cause the denominator to be equal to 0 are found. This is done because this will make the function undefined. In this case, the equation is not differentiable at that point. These are all of the critical numbers.

These numbers into put into the original function to find the coordinate of these critical points.

If: formula_5

So, the two critical points are formula_12 and formula_13.

The intervals between points must be considered to know if the points are local maximas, minimas, or neither. To do this, a value from each interval is put into the first derivative of the function. If the value is positive, then it is an interval of increase. If the value is negative, then it is an interval of decrease. If two neighboring intervals change signs, that point is either a local maxima or minima. If the first interval is positive and the second interval negative, the critical point is a local maxima. If the first interval is negative and the second interval positive, the critical point is a local minima. If both intervals are positive or both intervals are negative, the critical point is not a local maxima or minima.

The first derivative test is used in calculus optimization problems.

Frankenstein's monster

Frankenstein’s monster is a fictional character from Mary Shelley’s 1818 novel "Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus". He is a humanoid flesh amalgamation who is created by another character in the novel called Victor Frankenstein. The creature has no name in popular culture but is sometimes called "creature", "monster", "fiend", "wretch", "vile insect", "demon", "being" or "it".

In the novel, Victor creates the human-like monster in the upstairs room of his apartment at the University of Ingolstadt. He creates it by putting together body parts from graveyards and butcher shops. He uses a method that is not clearly explained involving chemistry and galvanism to make the creature come alive. Victor leaves the creature in horror the minute it is awake. It leaves his apartment in the middle of the night.

In the novel, the monster looks as though:
He is 8.1 feet tall because Victor believed that it would be easier to make a human body if all the body parts were bigger. In popular media and culture, he is shown with green skin. In the novel, his skin is actually more of a yellow hue. The green portrayal of the creature with electricity bolts in his neck came from Boris Karloff’s movie portrayal of the monster.
In the beginning, Frankenstein’s monster is like a baby. He is unable to talk. He discovers the world through sensing and observing. The monster develops understanding of simple things such as temperatures of hot and cold, sounds of birds chirping, and the differences between the sun and the moon. He eats roots, nuts, and berries when he is hungry. He finds a coat and some books while out in the wilderness.

He is described as sensitive, emotional, intelligent, prone to anger and violence, and very good at speaking. He learns how to speak from a family that he observes. He teaches himself how to read the books that he found. He has a severe sense of rejection from Victor and from every human he encounters. He has bad experiences with people. That makes him feel as though he is hated and unwanted. He resents humans and even feels hateful towards them because of how he has been treated. As a response, he kills several people, including Victor's younger brother William, Victor's best friend Henry Clerval, and later Victor's wife Elizabeth Lavenza.

Many movie adaptations have him mute and like a child instead of being intelligent. 

The creature has a complex relationship with Victor. He was rejected by Victor in the beginning, but he still wants to have a father-like figure. Victor is the only real human connection that the monster has. He demands that Victor take responsibility for his happiness.

In the novel, the creature is referred to as Adam. This makes Victor a God-like figure. 

After the monster learns how to read and speak, he goes on a journey to find Victor. He meets him in the mountains and tells him his story. After telling Victor about his difficult journey, he asks Victor to make a female monster for him so that he does not have to be alone anymore.

Tabassum Adnan

Tabassum Adnan (Urdu: تبسم عدنان) (born 1977) is a women's rights activist from Pakistan. In 2015, she won the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award because of her work for justice for Pakistani women.

Tabassum Adnan was born in 1977. She grew up in the Swat Valley of Pakistan.

Tabassum was married when she was 13 years old. She had four children. She was a victim of domestic violence. After she was married for 20 years, she divorced her husband. 

Tabassum did not have a home or money, so she went to a local group for women. The group gave her the idea to work for more participation for women. First, she went to the Swat Qaumi Aman Jirga, a group with only men, but they refused her. A jirga is an informal court that enforces "qisas" (retribution laws). It is not a formal court, but many times the formal courts will listen to their decisions.

In May 2013, Adnan started her own jirga. It was the first women's jirga in Pakistan. 

In Pakistan, women are used as chattel, or property, to settle disagreements between men. They are traded in marriage to pay debts and claims of honor, and to pay for crimes. Because women have little power, Adnan knew that her group needed to get the police and the courts to act. Her jirga has 25 women. It works to pressure the police and the traditional court system, and it gives legal help to the victims. The "Khwendo Jirga", or Sister’s Council also works for free education for girls, good health for women and girls, training in both home skills and work skills, loans for small business, and voting. The jirga also works for laws to stop violence against women, especially honor killings, dowry harassments, acid attacks, and torture.

At first, the men's jirgas did not like the "Khwendo Jirga". Women's rights activists did not like it either. Then, in 2014, that changed. A child was raped, and the authorities did nothing. "Khwendo Jirga" had a protest walk, to attract the attention of the public. The police made arrests. Then, for the first time in Pashtun history, a woman, Adnan, was asked to sit on the men's jirga and help decide the case. After the first protest, the women had more success. In July, 2014, Adnan and Khwendo Jirga worked to pass a law against child marriage. Although some religious groups were not happy, the Sindh Assembly passed a law against marriages for anyone under the age of eighteen. In December, 2014 the Punjab Assembly voted to change the present law.


Margaret Dunning

Margaret Isabel Dunning (June 26, 1910 – May 17, 2015) was an American philanthropist. She was the benefactor of the Plymouth (Michigan) Historical Museum. She was born in Redford, Michigan.

Dunning died at the age of 104 from complications from a fall while on a trip in Santa Barbara, California.

Jerome Cooper

Jerome Cooper (December 14, 1946 – May 6, 2015) was an American free jazz musician. He was known as a multi-dimensional drummer. Cooper played balafon, chirimia and electronic tonal activator in addition to trap drums. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Cooper died in Brooklyn, New York City from multiple myeloma, aged 68.

Dean Potter

Dean S. Potter (April 14, 1972 – May 16, 2015) was an American free climber, alpinist, BASE jumper, BASEliner, and highliner. He was known for hard first ascents, free solo ascents, speed ascents, and enchainments in Yosemite National Park and Patagonia.

On May 16, 2015, Potter and Graham Hunt were killed while attempting a wingsuit flight from Taft Point above Yosemite Valley. While attempting to maneuver through the cliffs, each in turn collided with the rocks. Their bodies were discovered by a helicopter searching for the two men. Neither had deployed their parachute.


Flora MacNeil

Flora MacNeil, MBE (1928 – 16 May 2015) was a Scottish Gaelic singer. MacNeil was born in 1928 on the island of Barra. She was known for signing "Mo Run Geal Og" (“My Fair Young Love”), one of the greatest of the "Orain Mor", or “Big Songs”. She was known as the "Queen of Gaelic singers".

MacNeil died after a short-illness, aged 86.

The Thrill Is Gone

"The Thrill Is Gone" is a 1969 slow minor-key blues song written by West coast blues musician Roy Hawkins and Rick Darnell in 1951. Hawkins' recording of the song reached number six in the "Billboard" R&B chart in 1951. In 1970, "The Thrill Is Gone" became a major hit for B.B. King. Afterwards, many blues and other artists have recorded their versions of the song.

Wind of Change (Scorpions song)

"Wind of Change" is a 1990 hard rock pop ballad song by the Scorpions. The song is about the ending of the Cold War and hope when tense conditions came up. 

The song was released in January 1991. It became a worldwide hit single during 1991. The song has sold millions of copies worldwide since then. It hit #4 on the American "Billboard" Hot 100. notable soundtrack includes is featured in the films or television "The Powerpuff Girls Movie" unused trailer, "Godzilla vs. Kong" fan-fiction dub version, "Nutri Ventures" as a international dub parody version. 

There is also a Russian language version of the song.

Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology

The Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology in London is part of University College London Museums & Collections. With over 80,000 objects, it is one of the world's best collections of objects from Egypt and the Sudan.

The museum started in 1892 to help with the teaching of Egyptian Archaeology and Philology. The collection began with objects given to the museum by the writer Amelia Edwards. William Flinders Petrie led many important archaeological digs. In 1913 he sold his collection to University College. He had found objects at major sites, such as the Roman Period cemeteries at Hawara. These were famous for the beautiful mummy portraits in classical Roman style. He found objects at Amarna, the city of king Akhenaten, the first king to believe in one God. At Meydum, the site of the first true pyramid Petrie found some of the earliest examples of mummification.

The collection and library were in rooms at the university. A book about the collection was printed in 1915. At first the museum was only for people studying and not open to the public. After Petrie retired in 1933, other archaeologists added objects to the collection. These had been found in other parts of Egypt and the Sudan. During the Second World War (1939–1945) the collection was packed up and moved out of London for to keep it safe. In the early 1950s it was moved into an old stable, beside the science library.

The museum has one of the oldest pieces of linen from Egypt, made about 5000 BC. There are two lions from the temple of Min at Koptos. These were part of the first group of monumental sculpture from about 3000 BC. There is a small piece from the first king list or calendar written about 2900 BC. The museum has some iron beads, the earliest example of metal from Egypt. There is the earliest example of glazing. The collection includes the earliest 'cylinder seal' in Egypt made about 3500 BC. It also has a collection of writings on papyrus, which are the oldest wills, the oldest medical writing, the only veterinary writing from ancient Egypt; and the largest architectural drawing, showing a shrine (about 1300 BC).

The collection also includes a number of costumes. It has the 'oldest dress', there is a beadnet dress of a dancer from the Pyramid Age (about 2400 BC) and two long sleeved robes of the same date. There is a suit of armour from the palace of Memphis, as well as socks and sandals from the Roman period. The collection contains works of art from Akhenaten’s city at Amarna. There are: colourful tiles, carvings and frescoes, from Egyptian and Nubian settlements and burial sites. The museum has the world’s largest collection of Roman period mummy portraits. These were made in the first to second centuries AD. The collection also includes objects from the Coptic and Islamic periods.

The museum has three rooms. The main room has many of the museum's small objects, as well as tablets of writing, mummy portraits and cases. The first room has mainly pottery. Some parts of the collection are not lit to protect the objects from light and visitors use torches to see inside the cases.

The collection has been digitised and the catalogue can be viewed online.


Automeris io

Automeris io is the North American Io moth. It has anti-predator defences common in the Lepidoptera. The adults have a two-stage defence system: first they are cryptic with their wings closed. If predators get too near, they flash their vivid eye markings. This startles the predator, and the moth has time to fly off and hide. The adults are nocturnal, they only fly at night, and during the day they sit on tree trunks or branches.

Very widespread, the moth ranges from southern Canada to Mexico and Costa Rica. In between, it is found widely in the USA.

They do not eat, and live only about a week: all they do is reproduce. This is typical of Saturniid moths. They have sexual dimorphism as can be seen from the illustrations, and fly at night. The females come out of the cocoon with ready-made eggs, and the males pick up the female pheromones with their extra-big antennae.

The caterpillars live together (are gregarious), and travel in single file all over the food plant. They start off orange in colour, and eventually turn bright green. As they grow in size they become covered with stinging spines. The spines deliver a very painful venom which is released at the slightest touch.


Charlotte Motor Speedway

Charlotte Motor Speedway is a motorsports complex in Concord, North Carolina, United States. It is from Charlotte, North Carolina. The complex features a quad oval track that hosts NASCAR racing. It is best known for the Coca-Cola 600 on Memorial Day weekend. The All-Star Race, as well as the Bank of America Roval 400 also run here. The speedway was built in 1959 by Bruton Smith. It is considered the home track for NASCAR with many race teams located in the Charlotte area. The track is owned and operated by Speedway Motorsports Inc. (SMI) with Marcus G. Smith (son of Bruton Smith) as track president.

The complex also features a state-of-the-art quarter mile (0.40 km) drag racing strip, ZMAX Dragway. It is the only all-concrete, four-lane drag strip in the United States. It hosts NHRA events. Alongside the drag strip is a modern clay oval that hosts dirt racing including the World of Outlaws finals.

Socks (cat)

Socks Clinton (1989 – February 20, 2009) was the pet cat of U.S. President Bill Clinton and his family while he was in the White House.

Socks was an adopted stray cat and the only pet of the Clintons during the first years of Clinton's presidency. A picture of Socks was always on the children's White House website. After Clinton left office, Socks went to live with Clinton's secretary, Betty Currie and her husband. This was because Socks fought a lot with the Clinton family dog Buddy. Socks never got along with the dog.
Socks became the pet cat of the Clintons in 1991 after he jumped into Chelsea Clinton's arms at her piano teacher's home in Little Rock, Arkansas. Socks was playing with his sibling, Midnight, who was later adopted by another family.

When Bill Clinton became President, Socks moved with the family from the governor's mansion in Arkansas to the White House. Even though he was the official 'first pet', he shared his food and water with a stray tabby cat, named Slippers. Socks was often taken to schools and hospitals to visit. Children visiting the White House website would be shown around by a cartoon version of Socks.

In December 2002, Socks was part of the Little Rock, Arkansas Christmas parade.

Things changed for the worse for Socks in 1997. The Clintons got a pet dog named Buddy, a Labrador Retriever. Socks hated this dog. Hillary Clinton said Socks "despised Buddy from first sight, instantly and forever." Bill Clinton said, "I did better with ... the Palestinians and the Israelis than I've done with Socks and Buddy." When the Clintons left the White House in 2001, they took Buddy to their new home, but left Socks with Betty Currie. Buddy died within a year, being hit by a car in 2002.

In June 2008, Socks was still living with Currie and her husband in Hollywood, Maryland, about 60 miles from Washington. But Socks was losing weight and losing his fur. In December 2008, Socks was again reported to be in failing health from cancer. Socks was euthanized on February 20, 2009, in Hollywood, Maryland. He had cancer in his jaw.
First Lady Hillary Clinton wrote a children's book called "Dear Socks, Dear Buddy: Kids' Letters to the First Pets" in 1998. It included more than 50 letters written to the First Pets by children. It had more than 80 photos of Socks and Buddy.

A Republican Representative in the United States Congress, Dan Burton once argued against the use of White House employees, postage, and stationery being used to answer mail that was written to the cat.


Robin

Robin may mean


Egyptian chronology

Egyptian chronology is the study of events in Ancient Egypt and trying to date when they took place. There is a general agreement about the correct chronology among Egyptologists. The Old Kingdom began in the 27th century BC, the Middle Kingdom in the 21st century BC, and the New Kingdom in the mid-16th century BC.

However, some details are still disputed. The dates for the Early Dynastic Period can vary by up to 300 years, those of the New Kingdom by up to 30 years, and those if the the Late Period by up to a few years.

Some individual Egyptologists have come up with alternative chronologies. For example, the "New Chronology," which was proposed in the 1990s, changes the New Kingdom dates by 350 years, and the "Glasgow Chronology," which was proposed from 1978 to 1982, changes the New Kingdom dates by 500 years.

Agreement on the general chronology used in Egyptology has not changed much over the last 100 years. For the Old Kingdom, there have been changes by as much as a few centuries. The Middle and the New Kingdoms dates have changed by only a few decades. The changes can be seen by comparing the chronology of two Egyptologists, the first from 1906 and the second in 2000 (all dates in the table are BC).

There are differences between the two sets of dates because of new discoveries and a better understanding of what is already known. For example, in Breasted's 1906 list, he added a ruler in the Twentieth dynasty that further research would show did not exist. Using Manetho writings, Breasted also believed that each new dynasty followed the old one in a sequence. It is now known that several dynasties existed at the same time. Those changes changed the chronology by 400 years at the beginning of Dynasty I.

The main way to work out the chronology is to use the ancient Egyptian lists of kings. The number of years that each king ruled, the regnal years, can be added up. However there are problems with the lists. Some, such as the "Turin King List", are quite detailed but are incomplete. The whole of "Abydos King List" has survived, but it is a complete list of rulers. Sometimes, various versions of the same text are different. For example, Manetho's history of Egypt has not survived. Later writers such as Eusebius and Sextus Julius Africanus used Manetho's work for their histories, but their dates for the same ruler are often very different.

The dates for king's rule can be pieced together from inscriptions. They often give a date in the form of the regnal year of the ruling pharaoh. They may or may not include any coregencies with a predecessor or successor. Some Egyptian dynasties may have overlapped, with different pharaohs ruling in different regions at the same time. That may lead to widely-different chronologies.

Egyptologists have two other ways to find the total number of years. For the Old Kingdom, they can use the number of cattle censuses. For later periods, they can use the celebration of a sed festival. In the Old Kingdom, there was a regular census at which the number of cattle was counted. At first, it was believed to have taken place every two years. There were 24 cattle censuses during the rule of Sneferu, who therefore ruled for 48 years. However, new research has shown the census was sometimes held every year or after gaps of more than two years. The sed festival was held on the 30th anniversary of the Pharaoh's rule. A ruler with one sed festival recorded would have ruled at least 30 years. However, that may not have been the practice in all cases.

A useful way to work around those gaps in knowledge is to find links to other known events, which can lead to a precise date. A number of them have been found, but they are of varying degrees of usefulness and reliability.

This is using archeaology to put events in order, or a sequence. It does not fix a person or event to a exact year. A series of events can provide evidence to provide or support a precise date. For example, a number of stone vessels of the rulers of the first two dynasties were placed in rooms under the Step Pyramid of Djoser. They were sealed off by during the building of the pyramid during the Third Dynasty. Another example is stone blocks from the Old Kingdom with the names of several kings. Thee stones were later used to build the Middle Kingdom pyramid-temples at Lisht. The third pylon at Karnak, built by Amenhotep III had "fill" material from the kiosk of Sesostris I, as well as stelae of the Second Intermediate Period and the Eighteenth Dynasty of the New Kingdom.

The chronologies of other cultures can be used to find links to Egypt. The most important are the Assyrian and Babylonian chronologies. Allô, chronologies of the Hittites, ancient Palestine, and ancient Greece are also used. For example, in the 18th century BC, a stela of the governor of Byblos Yantinu stated that Pharaoh Neferhotep I ruled at the same time as Kings Zimri-Lim of Mari and Hammurabi of Babylon. In the 15th century BC, during the Amarna Period, there are letters between Egyptian Kings Amenhotep III and Akhenaten and various Near Eastern monarchs.

Inscriptions on objects often provides clues. The burial of Apis bulls began in the reign of Amenhotep III. They were killed in a sacrifice and placed in tombs. Details of each bull were included, as well as details of the rulers. It is possible to estimate dates of regnal years using that information. The bulls were still being buried in Ptolemaic times. There is a significant gap in the record between Ramesses XI and the 23rd year of Osorkon II. Poor documentation of the finds in the Serapeum also makes it difficult to use these records.

Astronomy can also provide clues for dates. The best known of them is the Sothic cycle. A study of that led Richard A. Parker to argue that the dates of the Twelfth dynasty could be fixed exactly. New research does not always agree with the information that is used in to work out dates that way. For example, Donald B. Redford, in attempting to fix the date of the end of the Eighteenth dynasty, did not use the Sothic evidence. Instead he used links between Egypt and Assyria by way of the Hittites and help from astronomical observations.

Radiocarbon dating is another way to work out dates. It is useful for the Early Dynastic period for which other methods have dates as different as 400 years. A 2013 study put the start of the First dynasty in the 32nd or 31st century. That matches other information, which places it in between the 34th and 30th centuries.

The Minoan eruption is a problem for both Egyptian and Aegean (Minoan) chronology. The radiocarbon date for the eruption is between 1627 and 1600 BC. The date used in archaeology is c. 1500 BC. That date is important in the study of the civilisations in the Eastern Mediterranean. Since 2012, there have been suggestions that the answer would be to change both dates towards a "compromise" date in the mid-16th century BC. As of 2014, the problem has not been satisfactorily resolved.

Dendrochronology uses patterns found in tree growth rings to work out a date. That is possible for Egyptian chronology. An example is the Uluburun shipwreck, which is from the New Kingdom. By using both dendrochronology and radiocarbon dating, tree rings can be dated as far back as the Middle Kingdom. That was used for the coffin of Ipi-ha-ishutef (dated 2073±9 BC) and the funerary boat of Senusret III (dated 1887±11 BC; the conventional reign date is 1878 BC–1839 BC).

A number different chronologies were presented during the 20th century:





Earthrise

"Earthrise" is a photo of the Earth from the Moon taken on the Apollo 8 mission. It was taken by astronaut William Anders on December 24, 1968. It was a very important picture, because it helped people realize how fragile the Earth looks. It started making a large amount of people want to pass laws and create government programs that help the environment. It also became the symbol for Earth Day because of how powerful it was, and it started the environmental movement of the 1970's. Earthrise's most notable use is as the symbol of Earth Day.



Daewoo Motors

Daewoo Motor was a South Korean automotive company owned by General Motors. The company started in 1937 as National motors in Bupyeong-gu, Incheon, South Korea. In 1965 it became Shinjin Motor after becoming affiliated with Toyota. In 1972 Toyota withdrew. The same year Shinjin became General Motors Korea, a joint venture with General Motors. The company was renamed Saehan Motors in 1976. In 1982 the company was bought by the Daewoo group. Daewoo was known for its affordable cars many of which were made in partnership with GM until the mid '90s. The Daewoo Group ran into financial trouble in the late 1990s. It was then put up for sale and acquired by General Motors in 2001. It was renamed GM Daewoo, and began to produce GM vehicles again. This included the Chevrolet Aveo which is based on Daewoo's Kalos model. In 2011 GM Daewoo was renamed GM Korea. 1967-2016

<br>

Robert S. Wistrich

Robert Solomon Wistrich (April 7, 1945 – May 19, 2015) was a British-Israeli academic and author. He was a leading scholar of antisemitism in Europe. He was also the Neuburger Professor of European and Jewish history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He wrote and edited at least 30 books.

Wistrich was born in Lenger, Kazakh SSR (now Kazakhstan). His parents were leftist Polish Jews who moved to escape antisemitism. He later moved to France with his family, and grew up in England.

Wistrich died from a heart attack on May 19, 2015 in Rome, Italy. He was 70.

John Templeton Jr.

John Marks "Jack" Templeton Jr. (February 19, 1940 – May 16, 2015) was an American medical doctor. He served as the Chairman and President of the John Templeton Foundation until his death, and also worked as a pediatric surgeon. He was a Republican.

Templeton was born in New York City. He was the elder son of Judith (Folk) and the American-born British stock investor, businessman and philanthropist John Templeton. He studied at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut and at Harvard Medical School. He was married to Josephine and had three daughters.

Templeton was an Evangelical. He gave large sums of money to conservative organizations, like those opposing same-sex marriage.

Templeton died from brain cancer on May 16, 2015 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. He was 75.

John Mahaffy

John Mahaffy (July 18, 1918 – May 2, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played 37 games in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers and Montreal Canadiens.

Mahaffy was born in Montreal, Quebec. He was married to Angie Péloquin. He died on May 2, 2015, aged 96.

Ahmad Alasgarov

Ahmad Latifovich Alasgarov (, ; born 5 October 1935 – 19 May 2015) was an Azerbaijani footballer and manager. He played as a defender from 1955 until 1965. He managed nine teams between 1966 and 2006, including the Azerbaijan national football team. He was born in Baku.

Alasgarov died after a long illness on 19 May 2015 in Odessa, Ukraine, aged 79.

Trajan's Column

Trajan's Column is a Roman triumphal column in Rome, Italy. It was built to remember Roman emperor Trajan's victory in the Dacian Wars. It was probably built by the architect Apollodorus of Damascus at the order of the Roman Senate. It is in Trajan's Forum, near the Quirinal Hill, north of the Roman Forum. It was completed in AD 113. It has a spiral bas relief, which shows the wars between the Romans and Dacians (101–102 and 105–106). Its design has inspired numerous victory columns, both ancient and modern.

The column is about 30 metres (98 ft) in height, 35 metres (125 ft) including its large pedestal. It is made from a series of 20 hollow Carrara marble pieces. Each one weighs about 32 tons, with a diameter of 3.7 metres (11 ft). The 190-metre (625 ft) frieze winds around the column 23 times. Inside the column, a spiral staircase of 185 steps gives access to a viewing platform at the top. The capital block of Trajan's Column weighs 53.3 tons, which had to be lifted to a height of c. 34 m.

Ancient coins show plans to put a statue of an eagle on top of the column. However it was built with a statue of Trajan. This statue disappeared in the Middle Ages. On December 4, 1587, the top was crowned by Pope Sixtus V with a bronze figure of St. Peter. When it was built the column was next to two libraries, which perhaps held the soldier-emperor's account of the Roman-Dacian Wars.

Jean Baptiste Charbonneau

Jean Baptiste Charbonneau (11 February 1805 – 16 May 1866) was the son of Toussaint Charbonneau and Sacagawea. He was a fur trapper and guide. He was an important figure in the Mexican-American War. Charbonneau and his mother are pictured on a one-dollar coin.

A. J. Allmendinger

Anthony James "A. J." Allmendinger (born December 16, 1981) is an American open-wheel and stock car racing driver. He currently competes full-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series driving the No. 16 car for Kaulig Racing.

Allmendinger earned five wins and a third championship place in the 2006 Champ Car season. Afterwards, he began competing in NASCAR. He has competed in the 24 Hours of Daytona, finishing first in 2012, second in 2006 and third in 2013.

Regan Smith

Regan Smith (born September 23, 1983) is an American stock car racing driver. 

He currently competes full-time in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. He drives the No. 7 Chevrolet SS for Tommy Baldwin Racing. He also races part-time in the Xfinity Series. There he drives the No. 88 Chevrolet Camaro for JR Motorsports, and the No. 2 Chevrolet Camaro for Richard Childress Racing.


Insurance Institute for Highway Safety

Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) is a non-profit organization funded by at least 75 insurance companies. IIHS was started in 1959 with their headquarters in Arlington, Virginia. Their goal is to reduce deaths, injuries and property loss from automobile es on US highways. It researches and rates popular passenger vehicles. IIHS also rates consumer products such as child safety seat. They also research road design and traffic regulations. 

It carries out research and produces ratings for popular passenger vehicles as well as for certain consumer products such as child safety seats. It also conducts research on road design and traffic regulations, and has been involved in promoting policy decisions. According to their own bylaws IIHS does not lobby the United States Congress and other lawmaking bodies to change laws. They educate lawmakers and by invitation.

The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety was established by insurance companies in 1959 to advise other organizations about highway safety. In 1966 the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act was enacted by Congress. It set up what is now called the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. In 1968 when Richard Nixon became president, William Haddon, Jr., was replaced as head of the agency. He was hired by the IIHS to reorganize and set up a crash testing program. In the 1970s the IIHS was involved in the then controversial airbag standard. 

Two organizations in the US perform destructive testing to establish crash test ratings. The other is the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), a government agency. Both test new cars and issue ratings, but the tests are different. They also use different rating systems. 

The NHTSA uses three tests. The first is a 35 mph frontal crash test. It determines what injuries a driver or passenger might experience in that type of accident. The second is a side-impact test (made up of two tests using different weights). The third test is not an actual test. It is a rating based on a mathematical formula based on the car's width and center of gravity. NHTSA uses a five star rating system. A single star is poor while five stars is the best rating. 

The IIHS uses five tests. They do two frontal tests. A small-overlap is set up with 25% of the front of the car hitting a barrier at 40 mph. A moderate overlap test allows more of the front of the car to hit the barrier. In a side-impact test a movable barrier hits the car side at 31 mph. A roof test involves a flat piece of metal pushed down against the roof to see at what point it collapsed. It is not an actual roll-over test. The last test is on the seats and head restraints. The IIHS classifies its rankings as Poor, Marginal, Acceptable or Good. 

IIHS also gives out two awards each year. They are "Top Safety Pick" and "Top Safety Pick+". Vehicles that have good results all five tests and have Collision avoidance systems win the top award. The Top Safety Pick award goes to vehicles that pass the five tests alone.

Not every model of car is tested. Both agencies test the most widely sold vehicles. Convertibles and other limited production cars are often not tested. In 2007 the IIHS did test 10 models. Test results often appear months after a car goes on sale. Both agencies buy their vehicles from car dealerships. The IIHS has only begun to mention upcoming (to be tested) models while the NHTSA has noted this for some time.


Sudha Shivpuri

Sudha Shivpuri (14 July 1937 – 20 May 2015) was an Indian stage, movie and television actress. She was known for her role as "Baa" in the Hindi TV serial "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi" (2000–2008).

Shivpuri died from multiple organ failure on 20 May 2015 in Mumbai, India, aged 78.

