Chemical nomenclature

A chemical nomenclature is a set of rules for creating a system of names ("nomenclature") for chemicals. This is done so that everyone uses the same name for a chemical. The system used most often around the world today is the one created and developed by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC).

The IUPAC's rules for naming chemical compounds are written in a series of books. The system for naming organic compounds is written in the "Blue Book". The system for naming inorganic compounds is written in the "Red Book". A third book, called the "Green Book", gives recommendations about the use of symbols for physical quantities. A fourth book, the "Gold Book", contains the definitions of many of the technical terms used in chemistry. Similar books exist for biochemistry, analytical chemistry, macromolecular chemistry, and clinical chemistry. The books do not cover everything, however. Shorter recommendations for specific circumstances are published sometimes in the journal "Pure and Applied Chemistry".


The Monkey's Uncle

The Monkey's Uncle is a 1965 Walt Disney movie. It is a family-oriented comedy. It was directed by Robert Stevenson. The movie is about a college kid, his chimpanzee, and a "flying machine".

It stars Tommy Kirk, Leon Ames, and Annette Funicello. It was the last Disney movie for Kirk and Funicello. Both would sign with American International Pictures for their teen "beach party" movies.

The Misadventures of Merlin Jones

The Misadventures of Merlin Jones is a 1964 Disney movie starring Tommy Kirk, Leon Ames, and Annette Funicello. It is a family-oriented comedy about a high school boy who experiments with hypnosis and creates a mind-reading machine. It was directed by Robert Stevenson.

This movie was the next to last Disney movie for both Kirk and Funicello. They would make "The Monkey's Uncle" for Disney in 1965 then sign with American International Pictures for their teen "beach party" movies.

The Absent-Minded Professor

The Absent-Minded Professor is a 1961 Disney movie directed by Robert Stevenson. It stars Fred MacMurray, Leon Ames, Nancy Olsen, Keenan Wynn, and Tommy Kirk. It is a family-oriented comedy about a professor who invents "flubber", an anti-gravity substance.

Vera Farmiga

Vera Ann Farmiga (born August 6, 1973 in Passaic County, New Jersey) is an American actress and director. She is known for her role as Lorraine Warren in "The Conjuring" (2013) and "The Conjuring 2" (2016).

Farmiga comes from an immigrant family from Ukraine. She grew up with her six brothers and sisters in a Ukrainian community and learned with six years old the English language. In her youth she was in a Ukrainian folk group. In the beginning she went to a Ukrainian Catholic school and then, she studied at the "School of Visual and Performing Arts" of the Syracuse University.

In 1996 she debuted in the Broadway theater play, "Return to Paradise" with Vince Vaughn, Anne Heche and Joaquin Phoenix in 1998. 2000 she played in the film drama "Autumn in New York" as "Lisa Tyler". She played in the action film called "15 Minutes".

In 2004 she got an extra price of the Sundance Film Festival. 2005 the "Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards" and the "Independent Spirit Award" for her performance in the film "Down to the Bone".

She became famous thanks to the film 2006: "The Departed". The film won four Academy Awards. In "Up in the Air" from the year 2009, she got an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. 

She had her directing debut with the film "Higher Ground" (2011). Since 2013 she plays the main role as "Norma Louise Bates" on the series "Bates Motel".

From 1997-2005 she was married with the actor Sebastian Roche. In 2008 she married Renn Hawkey. They have a son Fynn (*2009) and a daughter Gytta (*2010).

She has also a sister called Taissa Farmiga.

Son of Flubber

Son of Flubber is a 1963 Disney movie directed by Robert Stevenson. It stars Fred MacMurray, Nancy Olsen, Keenan Wynn, and Tommy Kirk. It is a science fiction, family-oriented comedy, and a sequel to Disney's 1961 comedy, "The Absent-Minded Professor". "Flubber" tells of the Professor's further experiments with his anti-gravity substance called "Flubber".

Savage Sam

Savage Sam is a 1963 Walt Disney movie directed by Norman Tokar. It is based on a book of the same name by Fred Gipson. The movie is a sequel to Disney's "Old Yeller". "Sam" stars Kevin Corcoran, Tommy Kirk, and Brian Keith. The movie follows the adventures of Old Yeller's son, Sam, when the boys are captured by Apaches.

A Dog of Flanders (1999 movie)

A Dog of Flanders is a 1999 movie directed by Kevin Brodie. It is based on a book by Ouida. The movie stars Jack Warden, Jeremy James Kissner, Jesse James, Jon Voight, and Cheryl Ladd. The movie is about a grandfather and his grandson who adopted an abused dog. The grandson wants to become a great painter.

Audrey

Audrey is a feminine given name of Old English origin. There are many versions of "Audrey", including Audie, Audra and Audrea. In the 17th century, the word "tawdry", meaning "cheap and pretentious", came from the name "Saint Audrey". That made use of "Audrey" decline. However, in the 19th century, it was revived. It peaked during the interbellum period in the United States. It reached rank #41 for 2012.

Famous people named "Audrey" include Audrey Hepburn, Audrey Meadows and Audrey Tautou. A hurricane with this name struck the southern United States in June 1957.



Anita

The name Anita is a very common female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ "uh"-nee-t"uh" ]. In Spanish, the name is a version of Ana, the Spanish version of Anne. In Sanskrit, "Anita" means "full of grace". This is not a common name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). In 1977, a Hurricane Anita hit northeastern Mexico.




Hannah (given name)

The name Hannah [ han-"uh" ] (or Hanna) is a feminine given name. In Hebrew, it means "gracious". As "Hannah", this name was used by the Puritans in the 16th and 17th centuries. There are many celebrities who have the name. One fictional character with the name is Hannah Montana. "Hannah" is very popular for girls. As "Hanna", the name is now being used on tropical storms or hurricanes over the Atlantic Basin. This name was ranked #44 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021.


Irene

Irene is a given name for women. The pronunciation of the name is [ ahy-ree-nee "for 1"; ahy-reen "or, especially British", ahy-ree-nee "for 2" ]. It is Greek for "peace." Several saints are named Irene. In 2005, in the United States, the name ranked at 590th most popular name for baby girls and fell to 632 the following year. Several Atlantic tropical storms or hurricanes were named Irene. Hurricane Irene in 2011 was very destructive to the East Coast of the United States, so "Irene" was retired in spring of 2012.


Ellen

Ellen is a female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ el-"uh"n ].It can also be used for a middle name. In Greece, during ancient times, the name meant "sun-ray, lightness". During the mid 2000s, "Ellen" ranked at 555 for the most popular female names in the United States. There are many celebrities by the name, including Ellen Barkin, Ellen DeGeneres and Ellen Pompeo. This name was used for an Atlantic hurricane in the 1970s.


Arlington Memorial Amphitheater

Arlington Memorial Amphitheater is an amphitheater in Arlington National Cemetery. It was built in 1921 to replace an old amphitheater. The amphitheater is next to the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 


Fishplate

In rail terminology, a fishplate, splice bar or joint bar is a metal bar that is bolted to the ends of two rails to join them together in a track. The name is derived from "fish", a wooden bar with a curved profile used to strengthen a ship's mast. The top and bottom edges are tapered inwards so the device wedges itself between the top and bottom of the rail when it is bolted into place. In rail transport modelling, a fishplate is often a small copper or nickel silver plate that slips onto both rails to provide the functions of maintaining alignment and electrical continuity.

The Three Lives of Thomasina

The Three Lives of Thomasina is a 1964 Disney movie directed by Don Chaffey. It stars Patrick McGoohan, Susan Hampshire, and Karen Dotrice. It is based on a book by Paul Gallico. The movie is about an insensitive Scottish veterinarian and his daughter whose beloved cat is restored to life with the help of a beautiful "witch" living in the forest.

A Dog of Flanders (1959 movie)

A Dog of Flanders is a 1959 movie directed by James B. Clark. It stars David Ladd, Donald Crisp, and Theodore Bikel. It is based on a book by Ouida. It is about a grandfather and his grandson who rescue a dog from abuse. The grandson wants to become a painter.

Teresa Perales

Teresa Perales Fernández (born on 29 December 1975) is an S5, SB4, SM5 type Spanish swimmer, political person and professional speaker who finished in the top three 22 times in the Paralympic Games, with six of her top three finishes happening at the 2012 London Games. She has the most top three finishes at the Paralympics out of any person from Spain.

In 1995, at the age of nineteen, Perales was diagnosed with neuropathy and lost the use of her legs in three months. After the 2000 Paralympics Games, she earned a Diploma in Physiotherapy and married Mariano Menor. She had a baby (named Mariano Menor Jr) with him after the 2008 Games. In addition to swimming, Perales has been a politician, teacher, business person and professional talker. As an Aragonese Party (PAR) political person, she was in office from 2003 to 2007. After she stopped being a political person, she co-wrote an autobiography with her husband. She has no plans to return to office but was on the 2011 ballot for PAR as a member of the Congreso de los Diputados in a symbolic gesture. Perales supports organizations like Doctors Without Borders, Fundación Carlos Sanz and Fundación Vicente Ferrer.

Starting swimming at the age of 19, she joined the Aragon-based disability sport club CAI CDM when she was 20 years old. When she was 21 years old, in 1997, she competed in her first Spanish championships, and she finished in the top three several times. In 1998, she first competed for Spain at the IPC (International Paralympic Committee) Swimming World Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand and finished number three in one race. She competed in the 1999 European Championship, 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2001 European Championships, 2002 IPC World Championship, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2006 IPC World Swimming Championship, and 2008 Summer Paralympics. She stopped swimming after the 2008 Games and gave birth to her son. She started swimming again in 2011 for the European Championship and then competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She finished in the top three in every Paralympics, European Championship, and World Championship in which she raced.

Because of her top three finishes in so many races, Perales was awarded the and the Medalla de Oro de la Real Orden del Mérito Deportivo. She has earned several other awards including the Woman of the Year by the Spanish women's magazine "Mujer hoy".

Perales was born in Zaragoza on 29 December 1975.

Perales is a S5, SB4, SM5 type swimmer and is a member of CD Asser: Spain swimming club. She is the has the most first three finishes of any Paralympic sportperson from Spain.

Perales first competed for Spain not in Spain at the IPC World Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand in 1998. She finished number three in the 50 m freestyle event. She finished in fourth-place in the 4 x 50 m freestyle 20 points relay, 4 x 50 m medley 20 points relay and the 400 m freestyle. She finished in seventh-place in the 100 m libre event and finished eighth in the 50 m butterfly.

Perales competed at four Paralympic Games: the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. She had her first top three finish at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.

At the 2004 Athens Games, when she was 27 years old, Perales twice finished first. Her two first place finishes were the first time she ever had first place finishes at the Paralympic Games.

Perales was given the .


Norman

Norman is a male given name. It might also mean:



Chechen Wikipedia

The Chechen Wikipedia — () is the Chechen language edition of Wikipedia.

The Chechen Wikipedia was created on 28 February 2005. Activity was very low, changes mainly were made by bots. There was discontent with the situation. But after discussion in December 2006, a decision was made to keep the Chechen Wikipedia.

On 16 February 2013, there were 1604 articles. After changing administrators team work activated. On 6 June 2013, there were 2200 articles.



Kristen

Kristen (also Kristin) [ kris-t"uh"n ] is a female given name, though some males are given the name. "Kristen" is the Scandinavian form of the name Christine. This name is the feminine version for Christian. The name Kristen has a long history and carries significant meaning. It has been in use for centuries and is derived from the Greek name Christianos, which translates to "follower of Christ." Kristen is a name that has gained popularity in various cultures and is used for both male and female individuals. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Eva (name)

Eva [ ee-v"uh" ] is a female given name. It is the Latin form of the English name Eve. The name "Eve" comes from a Hebrew name, meaning "life" or "the living one". In the 1990 United States Census, the name "Eva" was very popular. Its popularity peaked one year earlier at #31. In 2006, the name ranked at #124. "Eva" is more common across England and Wales.


Jeanne

The name Jeanne [ jee-nee ] is a female given name which is from French. The name is the equivalent for Joan and Jane. There are many celebrities with the name, including Jeanne Cooper, Jeanne Moreau and Jeanne Calment. Jeanne is an exquisite and ageless appellation that has maintained its popularity for centuries. Originating from France, it is a variant of the name Jane, which carries the meaning of "God is gracious" or "gift from God." The name Jeanne holds a significant legacy and has been adopted by numerous distinguished individuals over the course of history. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

"Jeanne" was used for three hurricanes in the Atlantic. Hurricane Jeanne in September 2004 killed over three thousand people in the Caribbean Islands and caused heavy damage in eastern Florida. The name "Jeanne" was then retired and replaced with "Julia".


Anglo-Norman

The Anglo-Normans were mainly the sons, grandsons, etc. of the Normans living in England. Most of the Normans came to England at the time of the Norman conquest in 1066. A few Normans had settled in England prior to the conquest. After the conquest the Normans, although few in number, controlled most of England. They often married English wives and their children became Anglo-Norman as a result of being of two cultures. 

It was during the reign of Henry I of England the term Anglo-Norman was first used in the Hyde Chronicle. The term Anglo-Norman kingdom is first applied to the reign of William the Conqueror. He was the first to bring both England and Normandy under one ruler.

Chechen language

The Chechen language is a North Caucasian language which is spoken by more than 1.3 million people. It is spoken mostly in Chechnya and by Chechen people in other places. It is one of the Northeast Caucasian languages.


House of Normandy

The House of Normandy is the usual name for the family that were the Dukes of Normandy and Kings of England. they were in power from shortly after the Norman conquest of England and lasted until the House of Plantagenet came to power in 1154. It began with Rollo and his descendants, and from William the Conqueror and his heirs down through 1135. Two of William's grandchildren, Matilda and Stephen of the House of Blois argued over the throne ending the dynasty.

The Norman dukes were:
The Norman monarchs of England and Normandy were:

Bonaventure

Saint Bonaventure (1221–1274) was a scholastic theologian and a cardinal. He is one of the Doctors of the Church, and is remembered by Catholics on 15 July.

Saint Bonaventure comes from Bagnoregio. He is the patron of children.


GameRevolution

GameRevolution (formerly Game-Revolution) or GR is a gaming website. It was created in 1996. The website was founded in Berkeley, California. The website includes reviews, previews, a gaming download area, cheats, a merchandise store, webcomics, screenshots, and videos. As of 2013, it is one of the oldest video game review and news site on the Internet.


GameRankings

GameRankings was a gaming review website. The website received reviews from other publications and gave an average rating. It had over 315,000 articles relating to more than 14,500 video games.

GameRankings was owned by CBS Interactive. Similar websites include GameStats, Metacritic, MobyGames, and TopTenReviews.

In late 2019, GameRankings was shutting down, with every link being moved to Metacritic.


Sandra

The name Sandra [ san-dr"uh", sahn- ] is a female given name, which is often used for short form of Alexandra or Cassandra. This name is a form of the masculine name Alexander, which from Greek means "protector of man". Many celebrities are named "Sandra", including Sandra Dee, Sandra Bernhard and Sandra Bullock. This name was also used for tropical cyclones in the Eastern Pacific region. This name was ranked #998 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Sandy

The name Sandy [ san-dee ] is a given name. It can be used for both men and women. It is a short form of the names Alexander, Cassandra or Sandra. The name Sandy is commonly understood to mean "defender of mankind," which originates from the Greek name Alexander that means "defender of the people." Sandy is often used as a nickname for Alexander, but it has also become a popular name on its own. Those with the name Sandy are typically perceived as strong and protective, with a natural inclination to assist others. Another meaning of the name Sandy is "from the sandy shore," which comes from the Old English word "sandig" meaning "sandy." Individuals with this name are frequently associated with the beach and the ocean and may enjoy outdoor activities and water sports. They are often seen as adventurous and free-spirited, with a love of exploration and travel. In some cultures, the name Sandy is linked with the color yellow. This is due to the fact that the term "sandy" can also mean "yellowish-brown" in certain contexts. Those with this name may be regarded as optimistic and cheerful, with a sunny disposition and a positive outlook on life. Furthermore, the name Sandy is associated with the element of fire because the word "sandy" can also mean "fiery" or "passionate" in certain contexts. People with this name may be perceived as intense and passionate, with a strong desire to succeed and a fierce determination to achieve their goals.This name is used more for females than for males. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). Notable people by the name include baseball player Sandy Koufax, professional golfer Sandy Lyle, and actresses Sandy Duncan and Sandy Dennis. This name was also used for the fictional dog belonging to Annie in "Little Orphan Annie". 

In October 2012, Hurricane Sandy struck the Northeastern United States. The name "Sandy" was later retired and replaced by "Sara".


Elena

The name Elena is a female given name. It is pronounced [ el-"uh"-n"uh", "uh"-ley-n"uh"; "Italian" e-le-nah ].

It is a pan-European variation of Helen, which dates to the 12th century. Elena is a Greek moniker that signifies "radiant, gleaming light." This is a lovely name that is frequently connected with brilliance, loveliness, and elegance. "Elena" was among the most popular female names given to girls in Russia in 2004, and third most popular in North Macedonia in 2006. This name was ranked #53 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Hurricane Elena went across the Gulf Coast of the United States in late August/early September 1985. The name "Elena" was then retired and replaced by "Erika".


Dick Figures

Dick Figures is an American adult comedy series created and written by Ed Skudder and Zack Keller. Episodes are shown on YouTube. The series is about two best friends named Red and Blue. They are stick figures. The series is rated MA. The first episode, "A Bee or Something", was shown on November 18, 2010. Episodes were uploaded every second week with ten episodes per season. There is currently, however, a big delay with season five as it is planned to be shown after the movie is released sometime in 2013.


Christina

Christina (or Cristina) is a female given name. It is pronounced [kri-stee-nuh].

Christina is a name with Greek roots that translates to "Christ's follower". It's a feminine version of the name Christian, which has its origins in the Latin word Christus, meaning "anointed one". The name has been used for many saints. Celebrities with the name include Christina Aguilera, Christina Hendricks, Christina Ricci, Christina Applegate and Christina Milian.This name was ranked #629 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

As "Cristina", the name has been used for tropical cyclones in the Eastern Pacific Region.


Light-second

A light-second is a unit of length equal to the distance light in empty space travels in one second, and is exactly 299,792,458 meters.

The light-second is used in telecommunications, astronomy, and physics. In telecommunications, it measures how much time it must take to send a signal a certain distance.

Mélanie Laurent

Mélanie Laurent (born 21 February 1983), is a French actress, Director and singer.

She was born in Paris, Île-de-France, France. Her father a voiceover actor, and her mother a ballerina. She grew up in the 9th arrondissement of Paris.

She made her acting debut at the age 16. In 2006, she has starred in French drama film "I'm Fine, Don't Worry" ("Je vais bien, ne t'en fais pas"), for which she won a César Award for Most Promising Actress. In 2009, she was cast for her role as Shosanna Dreyfus in the Quentin Tarantino film Inglourious Basterds. Laurent singing career began in 2011 and she released her debut studio album, titled "En t'attendant".



Daniel Adair

Daniel Patrick Adair (born February 19, 1975) is a Canadian musician and producer. He is the current drummer of the Canadian rock band Nickelback. He also played for the American rock band 3 Doors Down.

Adair originally auditioned for David Martone, a guitarist that wanted to start a instrumental fusion band. They shortened the name of the band to "Martone" and they recorded their first album in 1999.

In the summer of 2002, he auditioned for the band 3 Doors Down and played as their touring and studio drummer. He recorded their third studio album "Seventeen Days" and live album "Another 700 Miles".

He left the band in January 2005 and joined Nickelback. He recorded their fifth studio album, "All the Right Reasons", their sixth studio album, "Dark Horse" and their seventh studio album, "Here and Now".

He also recorded drum tracks for James Hart's band Burn Halo.


George Brettingham Sowerby I

George Brettingham Sowerby I (12 August 1788 – 26 July 1854) was a British naturalist, illustrator, and conchologist (expert on shells).

He was the second son of James Sowerby. With his brother James De Carle Sowerby he continued his father's work on fossil shells. They published the last parts of the "Mineral Conchology of Great Britain".

Sowerby published about 50 papers on molluscs and started several comprehensive, illustrated books on the subject, the most important the "Thesaurus Conchyliorum", a work that was continued by his son, George Brettingham Sowerby II and his grandson George Brettingham Sowerby III.

Partial list


Slaviša Stojanovič

Slaviša Stojanović (born 6 December 1969) is a former Slovenian footballer and manager. He is currently managing Red Star Belgrade in the Serbian SuperLiga. Stojanović has won the Slovenian PrvaLiga twice with Domžale.

Nodiko Tatishvili

Nodiko "Nodar" Tatishvili (; born 5 November 1986) is a Georgian singer. He performed with Sopho Gelovani for Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmo, Sweden. 

Translocation

Translocation may mean:

Coral snake

The coral snakes are a large group of elapid snakes. There are two main groups of coral snakes. These groups are Old World coral snakes and New World coral snakes. 


Coral snakes have notable red, yellow/white, and black colored banding. Most species of coral snake are small. North American species average around in length, but specimens of up to or slightly larger have been reported. Coral snakes that live in water have flat tails. These tails act like a fin to help the snake swim.

Like all elapid snakes, coral snakes have a pair of small fangs to deliver their venom (some coral snakes are rear fanged). These fangs, which are enlarged and hollow, deliver their venom to their prey species. Coral snakes mostly eat smaller snakes, lizards, frogs, and nestling birds and rodents, etc. The venom takes time to take full effect.

Coral snakes often hold on to a victim when biting, unlike vipers. Vipers have retractable fangs and tend to prefer to strike and let go immediately. Coral snakes are not aggressive or prone to biting. They account for less than one percent of the number of snake bites each year in the United States.

New World coral snakes live in the southern range of many temperate U.S. states. They are found in the southern coastal plain from North Carolina to Louisiana, including all of Florida. 

There is debate about whether the Texas coral snake is a separate species. Its habitat, in Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas, is separated from the eastern habitat by the Mississippi River. The coral snake population is most dense in the southeast United States, but coral snakes have been spotted as far north as Kentucky.

The Arizona coral snake, which is a separate genus, is found in central and southern Arizona, extreme southwestern New Mexico and southward to Sinaloa in western Mexico. It lives in dry regions in thornscrub, desert-scrub, woodland, grassland and farmland. It is found in the plains and lower mountain slopes from sea level to 5800 feet (1768 m); often in rocky areas.

Charlotte

Charlotte [shahr-l"uh"t] is a female given name of French origin. It is a female version of Charles. The moniker Charlotte has French roots and signifies "free man" or "petite." Its etymology can be traced back to the Old German name Karl, which connotes "man" or "husband." This name was ranked #3 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021. There are many famous people having the name, including Charlotte Church, Charlotte Gainsbourg and Charlotte Arnold. The most famous fictional character with the name is the spider in "Charlotte's Web".






Patricia

Patricia [ p"uh"-trish-"uh", -tree-sh"uh" ] is a female given name of Latin origin. It comes from the Latin word "patrician", meaning noble. The male version of this name is Patrick. The name "Patricia" can be shortened to "Patty", "Patsy" or "Trisha". "Patricia" was the second most popular female name in the United States, according to 1990 Census. There are many celebrities with the name, including Patricia Arquette, Patricia Clarkson and Patricia Heaton. As "Patty", the name is being used on Atlantic tropical cyclones. In the Pacific, a hurricane with the name became the most intense on record in the Western Hemisphere. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


First Battle of Bull Run

The First Battle of Bull Run was the first large battle of the American Civil War. It was fought on July 21, 1861. The battle took place near a stream called Bull Run. The battle actually has two names: the First Battle of Bull Run and First Battle of Manassas.

Union general Irvin McDowell was put in command of the Union army in northeastern Virginia. Many people in the North wanted him to attack to Confederate capital city of Richmond, Virginia. McDowell didn't think his soldiers were ready to fight but Union president Abraham Lincoln wanted him to march south into Virginia anyway.

The Confederates had an army nearby, which was commanded by P.G.T. Beauregard. After McDowell's army started marching towards Beauregard's army, Joseph E. Johnston came to Manassas Junction with his army from the Shenandoah Valley. Johnston was in command of the entire Confederate army and Beauregard was his second-in-command.

The battle started early in the morning on July 21st. McDowell started marching part of his army around the left end of the Confederate army. The two armies started shooting at each other about 6 a.m. near Matthews Hill. The Confederates did not expect the Union army to attack but they moved brigades to their left flank.

McDowell made the Confederates leave Matthews Hill about 11 a.m. The Confederates retreated back to another hill called Henry House Hill. On the hill was Thomas J. Jackson's brigade. Another Confederate general was trying to regroup his men. He said, "There stands Jackson standing like a stonewall". After the battle Jackson would be called "Stonewall".

The Union army made many attacks on the Confederate line on Henry House Hill. All of the attacks failed. In the afternoon the Confederates made an attack of their own. This drove the Union army back towards Washington, D.C. The Confederates were too tired to march after the Union army.

The Union army had 2,896 casualties. McDowell was blamed for the Union defeat. He was replaced by George B. McClellan. The Confederates had 1,982 casualties. Even though Johnston was in charge of the Confederate army, Beauregard became famous after the battle.



Memory leak

When a program gets executed, it uses memory. In some cases, a poorly-written program may incorrectly manage the memory that has been given to it. As a consequence, the memory that was actually supposed to be reused after the program has finished its job cannot be accessed again. This is known as a memory leak.

One of the most common reasons for memory leaks is the program not giving its memory back after it has finished execution. 

Memory leaks may result in several issues such as degradation of performance and systems being unresponsive.

Stevens–Johnson syndrome

Stevens–Johnson syndrome is a disease of the skin. In most cases, it is caused by an allergic reaction to drugs. This accounts for about half the cases. Lymphoma, and other infections are responsible for most other cases. The disease is characterized by cell death that causes the epidermis to separate from the dermis. Since this is similar to what happens in burn, some of the same methods are used to treat patients.

Minions (movie)

Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy movie and a spin-off/prequel to the 2010 animated movie "Despicable Me" and the 2013 animated movie - and sequel to Despicable Me - "Despicable Me 2". It was released on June 11, 2015.

The movie stars Sandra Bullock and Jon Hamm and is narrated by Geoffrey Rush. A sequel "", was released in 2022.



Pierre Coffin

Pierre-Louis Padang Coffin (born November 1, 1967) is a French animator and director. He is best known for directing "Despicable Me" (2010) and "Despicable Me 2" (2013) as well as the spin-off called "Minions" released in December 2014.


Benjamin Bratt

Benjamin Bratt (born December 16, 1963 in San Francisco, California) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Rey Curtis on the TV series "Law & Order" and as Ernesto de la Cruz in the 2017 Oscar-winning Disney-Pixar animated movie "Coco". He also appeared in many movies such as "The River Wild", "Miss Congeniality", "Demolition Man", "Catwoman", "Blood in Blood Out", "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", "Traffic", "La Mission", "Despicable Me 2", and "Piñero". Bratt voiced Benjamin from the TV show "Benjamin Berkins".


Chris Renaud

Chris Renaud (born 1966 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American Academy Award-nominated illustrator and filmmaker. He is known for his works in the "Ice Age" franchise. Recently he is known for his works in "Despicable Me" and "Despicable Me 2". Renaud is in the works for a "Despicable Me" spin-off called "Minions".


Matt Batts

Matthew Daniel "Matt" Batts (October 16, 1921 – July 14, 2013) was a Major League Baseball catcher. He played from 1947 through 1956 for the Boston Red Sox (1947–1951), St. Louis Browns (1951), Detroit Tigers (1952–1954), Chicago White Sox (1954) and Cincinnati Reds (1955–1956).

Batts was born on October 16, 1921 in San Antonio, Texas. He died on July 14, 2013 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana from natural causes, aged 91.


 

A Modest Proposal

A Modest Proposal is a famous work of satire by Irish writer Jonathan Swift. It was written in 1729.


Amar Bose

Amar Gopal Bose (November 2, 1929 July 12, 2013) was an American academic and entrepreneur. An electrical engineer and sound engineer, he was a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) for over 45 years.

In 2007 he was listed in Forbes 400 as the 271st richest man in the world, with a net worth of $1.8 billion. In 2009, he was no longer on the billionaire list, and returned to the list in 2011, with a net worth of $1.0 billion.

Bose was born on November 2, 1929 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Bose died on July 12, 2013 in Wayland, Massachusetts, aged 83.


Paul Jenkins (actor)

Paul Jenkins (August 2, 1938 – July 1, 2013) was an American actor. He appeared on many television programs such as "M*A*S*H", "Columbo", "Lou Grant", "Kojak", "The Partridge Family", and in "Starsky and Hutch". He is mostly known for his roles as Professor Parks in "The Waltons" and as Eddie in "Dynasty."

Jenkins was born on August 2, 1938 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He retired in 2005. Jenkins died on July 1, 2013, following a brief illness in Los Angeles, California, aged 74.

Joe Conley

Joseph H. Conley, Jr. (March 3, 1928 – July 7, 2013) was an American actor and writer. He played many small roles on television and is most remembered for his role as the storekeeper Ike Godsey on "The Waltons".

Conley was born on March 3, 1928 in Buffalo, New York. He was married to Louise Ann Teechen from 1969 until his death in 2013. They had four children. Conley died from complications of dementia in Newburry Park, California, aged 85. 

Gwen

The name Gwen [ gwen ] is a female given name of Welsh origin. It means "white, holy". The name is often a shortened form of Gwendolyn. Famous people with the name include the singer Gwen Stefani. Fictional people with the name include Gwen Hotchkiss from the soap opera "Passions". This name was ranked #855 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Clarissa

Clarissa is a female given name. It is pronounced [ kl"uh"-ris-"uh" ]. It comes from the German name Clarice. "Clarice", in turn, comes from the Latin word "Clarus", which means "bright, clear or famous". "Clarissa" also has a Greek origin, meaning "brilliant".This name was ranked #946 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

People with the name include Clara Barton, who was born Clarissa Harlowe Barton. A fictional teenage character named Clarissa was played by Melissa Joan Hart in "Clarissa Explains It All" during the early to mid 1990s.





Charles Martinet

Charles Andre Martinet (born September 17, 1955) is an American actor and voice artist. He is best known as being the voice of Mario in the "Mario" series of video games since 1995. He also voices Luigi, Wario, Waluigi, Toadsworth, Baby Mario, Baby Luigi, and others.

Working for Nintendo since 1994, Martinet started voicing Mario at video game trade shows in which attendees would walk up to a television screen displaying a 3-D Mario head that moved around the screen and talked. This system was called "Mario in Real-Time" or "MIRT". Martinet could see the attendees by means of a hidden camera setup, and a facial motion capture rig recorded his mouth movements in order to synchronize Martinet's mouth movement with the on-screen Mario mouth movement. This digital puppetry, with Martinet's comic performance, was a novelty at the time.

Martinet was told by his friend that there was going to be an audition at a trade show in which you "talk to people as a plumber". He went to the audition at the last minute as the casting directors were already putting away their equipment. Charles Martinet walked in and asked, "Can I please read for this?". The directors let him audition and told him, "You're an Italian plumber from Brooklyn". At first Martinet planned to talk like a stereotypical Italian American with a deep, raspy voice (which is how Mario sounded in the Super "Mario Bros. Super Show", "Super Mario Bros. 3" and "Super Mario World" cartoons). He then thought to himself that it would be too harsh for children to hear, so he made it more soft-hearted and friendly, resulting in what Mario's voice is today. Martinet has also stated that he kept on talking with his Mario voice until the audition tape ran out.

Martinet's video game voice over debut was as Mario in the 1995 Windows release of Interplay's game "Mario's FUNdamentals". However, most were first exposed to Mario's voice in the landmark 1996 game "Super Mario 64". He has voiced Mario, Luigi, Wario, Waluigi, Toadsworth, Metal Mario, Shadow Mario, Donkey Kong, MC Ballyhoo, Mini-Mario Toy, Baby Mario, Baby Luigi and Baby Wario in most games wherein these characters speak. He also voiced the enemiesWart, Mouser, Tryclyde, and Clawgrip in "Super Mario Advance". His voice work appears in the English and Japanese-language versions of the games, although his work is always in English (regardless of the Italian references whenever he voices Mario and related characters).

Martinet provided voiceover acting for the boxers and the announcer in the Super NES title "Super Punch-Out!!". He voiced the character Vigoro in Sega's Dreamcastand Nintendo GameCube role-playing video game, "Skies of Arcadia". He did the voice of Homunculus in the Konami PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows game "Shadow of Destiny", and provided voices for "Reader Rabbit" and "The ClueFinders" games.

In addition to videogame voice overs, Martinet has worked as a voice actor in commercials, cartoons, and promotions. At the E3 trade show in 2005, Charles (as an"Animal Crossing" character) could be found roaming the virtual village featured in the playable demo of "Animal Crossing: Wild World". Martinet did Mario's voice as the voice announcer for "Pac-Man Vs." on the Nintendo GameCube.

Other than the Mario series, Charles has also done work for the video game "Cel Damage" as the voice of Fowl Mouth, as well as the primary voice work in several educational game series such as LeapFrog. He also voiced the dragon Paarthurnax in the 2011 video game "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim", and narrated the cutscenes and menus for the 2013 video game "Bit.Trip Presents Runner2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien".





Marcia

The name Marcia [ mahr-sh"uh" ] is a female given name which comes from Latin. It means "dedicated to Mars". "Marcia" also means "proud, warlike, martial". It is a feminine form of Marcus. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

People who have the name include entertainers Marcia Cross and Marcia Wallace. Fictional people include Marcia Brady from "The Brady Bunch".


Joanna

Joanna [ joh-an ] is a female given name. Forms in the English language include Joan, Joanne and Jeanne. The earliest recording for the name "Joanna" is from Gospel of Luke. Joanna is a name that has been in style for many years. It's a girl's name with a fascinating background and significant significance. The name Joanna originates from the Hebrew name Yohanan, which translates to "God is gracious." There are many famous people and celebrities named "Joanna", including Joanna Kerns, Joanna Cassidy and Joanna García. There was also a hit song named "Joanna" that was performed by Kool & the Gang in the 1980s.


Government of Japan

The Government of Japan is a constitutional monarchy, like the United Kingdom. The head of state is the Emperor of Japan, Emperor Naruhito, while most executive power rests with the Prime Minister of Japan, currently (2022) Fumio Kishida, and his Cabinet. The Diet of Japan is the legislative branch or Parliament, made up of two houses. The upper house, the House of Councillors, is the subject of a national election every three years; the last election was in July 2022, when half of the seats for six year terms were voted on.


Physical geography

Physical geography is one of the two major subfields of geography. Physical geography is related to geology, because it is about the processes and patterns in the natural environment. Some of the things this includes are the atmosphere, hydrosphere, biosphere, landforms and terrain. Physical geography influences what people do. For example, few live in deserts, and many live in cities near a big river.

Chuck Comeau

Charles-André "Chuck" Comeau (born September 17, 1979) is a Canadian musician. He is the current drummer of the Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan.

Comeau originally started his musical career with the band Reset which he formed in 1993 with bandmate Pierre Bouvier. He left Reset in 1998 to pursue a degree in law at McGill University.

He reunited with Bouvier at a Sugar Ray concert and after he left school, he formed Simple Plan with Bouvier. Aside from drumming, Comeau writes lyrics for the band. In 2008, he was a judge for the 7th annual Independent Music Awards.

Multitasking (iOS)

Multitasking is a feature available on iOS that allows multiple applications to run and perform tasks at the same time. It is available in iOS 4 or later. Multitasking features for iPad were added, including Spilt View and Picture in Picture, since iOS 9.

Multitasking was first released in June 2010 with the release of iOS 4.0. Only iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS, and iPod Touch 3rd generation were able to use multitasking. The iPad did not get multitasking until iOS 4.2 was released in November 2010. Multitasking is currently supported on iPhone 3GS or newer, iPod Touch 3rd generation or newer, and all iPad models.

Fast app switching lets apps to pause and resume themselves quickly and easily change to other apps.An app that is on the screen is "running". An app that is not on screen but is still in memory is "suspended". All apps that are built with iOS 4 SDK support fast app switching if running on iOS 4 and a compatible device. Users can use fast app switching by opening the multitasking bar. The multitasking bar can be displayed by double-tapping the home button.

Task completion lets apps continue a certain task after the app has been suspended. Apps can ask for up to ten minutes to complete a task in the background in iOS 4.0 or later.

Apps can run in the background by using background APIs. The following are available in iOS 4.0 or later:
The following two APIs were added in iOS 5.0:


Gordon

The name Gordon [ gawr-dn ] is a masculine given name in the English language. Gordon is a timeless name with a fascinating background. It originates from Scotland and is rooted in the Gaelic language, where "gor" translates to "spacious" or "large," and "dun" means "fortress" or "castle." As a result, the name Gordon signifies a "large fort" or a "spacious castle." People who have the name "Gordon" include race-car driver Jeff Gordon, and English actress Lucy Gordon. The name has been used on several hurricanes over the Atlantic Basin. In November 1994, Hurricane Gordon moved through Jamaica, Cuba, Hispaniola and the southeastern United States. This name was ranked #925 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Barnum Museum

The Barnum Museum is a museum in Bridgeport, Connecticut. It collects memorabilia pertaining to 19th century circus showman, P. T. Barnum.

Denise

Denise is a female given name. It is pronounced [ d"uh"-nees, -neez ].It is a feminine form of the masculine name Dennis. The name "Denise" means "to be devoted to Bacchus". This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).、


Anglo-Dutch Wars

The Anglo-Dutch Wars ( or ) were a series of wars fought between the Dutch Republic and the Kingdom of England and later the United Kingdom of Great Britain during the 17th and 18th centuries. They fought for control over trade routes on the seas. All of the wars were mostly fought by naval warfare.

The First War (1652–1654) took place during the Interregnum in England, the period after the English Civil War when England did not have a king or a queen. The war was fought between the navies of England and the Dutch Republic (also known as the United Provinces). It mainly took place in the English Channel and the North Sea. It ended with the Royal Navy of England gaining control of those seas and a monopoly over trade with the English colonies.

The Second (1665–1667) and the Third (1672–1674) Wars happened after the English Restoration of the monarchy. England tried to end the Dutch monopoly over world trade. Most of the fighting in both wars was done in the North Sea. In the Third War, England fought alongside France. Both wars ended in strong victories for the Dutch and confirmed their position as the leading maritime power of the 17th century. The English took New Netherland, and the Dutch let them keep it in return for Suriname.

The Fourth War (1780–1784) took place after the Acts of Union 1707 in Great Britain and involved the Dutch Republic and Great Britain. The main cause was that Britain disagreed with the Dutch trading with the United States during the American Revolutionary War. The war ended with the Treaty of Paris (1784) and ended with a very big defeat for the Dutch, who lost parts of the Dutch Empire.




Abigail

Abigail is a feminine given name. The name is from the Hebrew name "Avigail", which indicates "father rejoice". This a popular name, especially in 2005.The pronunciation of this name is [ ab-i-geyl ].The name can be shortened to Abbie or Abby.

The shorthand "Abby" was used for several Atlantic hurricanes in the 1960s.

This name was ranked #17 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

People with the name include Abigail Breslin, Abigail Adams and Abbie Cornish. 


Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten

Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten (English: "Good Times, Bad Times") was a German soap opera. the first episode was made on May 11, 1992. 

"Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten" started on the 11th of May, 1992. It was broadcasted from Monday to Friday on the German TV channel RTL. The episodes were repeated the next day at 8:30 a.m.

The first episode was broadcasted on VOX on October 1995. After the 2500th episode in February 2005, it was removed from VOX.

Many main roles of the series went to several cafés and restaurants at the beginning of the series, those are the pubs like "Allistairs", "Siggis Bar," "Daniels Bar", the bar "Bluebird", the restaurant "Fasan," and the café "Mocca" for example. There was a lot of business going on in the media industry, for example, the advertising agency "Löpelmann", "Sisters," and the newspaper editorial offices of the local newspaper "City-Lights" and "Morgenecho". In the "Viktoria-Luise-Gymnasium" Elisabeth Meinhart and Clemens Richter are teaching the students. They played many young main roles. Furthermore, there were many shops: "Holms Tante, Emma Laden", "Charlies Laden", "Kais Corner," and several boutiques. Other important localities were a motorcycle workshop, which was led by Peter Becker and Heiko Richter. The GP surgeries were from Dr. Ulrich and then Dr. Gundlach. Now, Jo Gerner leads a law firm. The hostel "Traumfabrik" was destroyed in 2010. Afterward, you can see the lifestyle magazine "Metropolitan Trends" of Katrin Flemming, the club "Mauerwerk", the café "Vereinsheim", Tayfuns food shops "Spätkauf" and "Badak Bio", the cosmetics business of EmilyMany main roles of the series went to several cafés and restaurants at the beginning of the series, those are the pubs like "Allistairs", "Siggis Bar," "DanielsBar", the bar "Bluebird", the restaurant "Fasan" and the café "Mocca" for example. There was a lot of business going on in the area of the media industry, for example, the advertising agency "Löpelmann", "Sisters," and the newspaper editorial offices of the local newspaper "City-Lights" and "Morgenecho". In the "Viktoria-Luise-Gymnasium," Elisabeth Meinhart and Clemens Richter taught the students. They played many young main roles. Furthermore, there were many shops: "Holms Tante, Emma Laden", "Charlies Laden", "Kais Corner," and several boutiques. Another important locality was a motorcycle workshop, which was led by Peter Becker and Heiko Richter. The GP surgeries were from Dr. Ulrich and then Dr. Gundlach. Now, Jo Gerner leads a law firm. The hostel "Traumfabrik" was destroyed in 2010. Afterward, you could see the lifestyle magazine "Metropolitan Trends" of Katrin Flemming, the club "Mauerwerk", the café "Vereinsheim", Tayfuns food shops "Spätkauf" and "Badak Bio", the cosmetics business of Emily Höfer, the Jeremiah hospital. Höfer, the Jeremiah hospital.

The North American country of Canada played a major role in GZSZ because many characters traveled to that country. Paula Rapf went to Canada and started working at a farm. Afterward, her best friend Tim Böcking and his son Felix came to this country. Afterward, Tim's girlfriend Caroline Neustädter, and her son Benjamin joined. In 2010, Tim's father Clemens Richter, and his wife Elisabeth Meinhart moved to Canada. John Bachmann visited the country regularly.


Tosa (dog)

The Tosa Inu () also called the Japanese Mastiff is a breed of dog of Japan. It was originally bred in Tosa (present day Kōchi) as a fighting dog and still today is a known fighting dog.

The Japanese breed generally weighs between 40 and 60 kg, while the non-Japanese breeders have focused on dogs that weigh from 55 to 95 kg and stand 24.5 to 31 inches (62 to 80 cm) at the withers.
The coat is characterized by its short and smooth appearance and is often red, brindle, or fawn. Occasionally it can be a dull black, but this is somewhat rare. Maintenance of the coat is usually minimal. Dogs should be very muscular and athletic. Tosa is a very resistant to pain and physical exhaustion.

This breed originated in the second half of the nineteenth century in Japan. The breed started from the native Shikoku-Inu, an indigenous dog weighing about 25 kilograms (45 pounds) and standing about 55 centimetres high, which closely resembles the European Spitz. These dogs were crossed with European dog breeds, such as the Old English Bulldog in 1872, Mastiff in 1874, St. Bernard, German Pointer in 1876, Great Dane in 1924, and the Bull Terrier. The aim was to breed a larger, more powerful and very fast agile fighting dog. Today it is still used in some countries as a fighting dog, but usually it is kept as a pet where it is ideal companion. In family environment Tosa is patient and very friendly in attitude.


Computer data storage

Computer data storage is the name for a number of components of a computer. The main purpose of these components is to store data. The central processing unit is then able to fetch and change the data. In most computers, there is a computer memory hierarchy: Memory that is "closer" to the CPU is usually faster to access, but it is also smaller; data that is stored in this kind of memory usually needs electrical power to keep the data.

Memory that is farther away is usually slower to access, but also bigger. Classical storage media of this kind of data include hard drives and USB flash drives. Some media offer even more capacity, but accessing them is very slow. Examples for such media are tape drives. Modern CPUs have registers that can store data, they also often have several levels of cache.

Finally, there is the main memory the CPU can access. These three are usually referred to as "Primary" data storage. Some computers also have a cache memory.

Secondary storage is usually not directly accessible by the CPU, and data needs to be transferred to primary storage to be available. Secondary storage includes hard drives and non-volatile random-access memory. Tertiary storage is used for archival and backup; very often it is copied to secondary storage before use. Software is sometimes distributed by tertiary media such as magnetic tape and CD-ROM.

Eugene Onegin

Eugene Onegin (, "Yevgeniy Onegin") is a novel in verse by Alexander Pushkin.

It is a classic of Russian literature. It was published in parts between 1825 and 1832. The first complete edition was published in 1833, and the currently accepted version is based on the 1837 publication.

Almost the entire work is made up of 389 stanzas of iambic tetrameter with the unusual rhyme scheme "AbAbCCddEffEgg". This form has come to be known as the "Onegin stanza" or the "Pushkin sonnet."

The story is told by a narrator (a lightly fictionalized version of Pushkin), whose tone is educated, worldly, and intimate. The narrator digresses at times, commenting on aspects of the social and intellectual world. This helps develop the characters and the drama of the plot.

An opera "Eugene Onegin" by Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky has been composed based upon the book.
Onegin, a nobleman who has just taken over his uncle's estate, is a fine young dandy, but bored and cynical. He does not value shy, bookish Tatyana Larina. Soon after their meeting she bares her soul to Onegin in a letter. She expresses her love for him.

Onegin does not write back. When they meet in person, he rejects her advances. This famous speech is often referred to as 'Onegin's Sermon' He admits that the letter was touching, but says that he would quickly grow bored with marriage and can only offer Tatyana friendship. He advises her to keep more emotional control in the future, lest another man take advantage of her innocence.

As their lives develop. His life falls apart after he kills his best friend in a duel. On the other hand, her life blossoms.

Years pass, and he attends a society ball in St. Petersburg. He sees a beautiful woman who captures the attention of everyone. He realizes her as Tatyana. Now she is married to an aged prince. He becomes obsessed with winning her affection, despite the fact that she is married. However, his attempts are rebuffed. He writes her several letters, but receives no reply.

Eventually Onegin manages to see Tatyana, and offers her the opportunity to renew their past love. She recalls the days when they might have been happy, but that time has passed. Onegin repeats his love for her. Faltering for a moment, she admits that she still loves him, but she will not allow him to ruin her. She declares her determination to remain faithful to her husband. She leaves him to his bitter regrets.

Flora (given name)

The name Flora [ flawr-"uh", flohr-"uh" ] is a female given name. The name originally referred to a plant. Flora is a gorgeous and ageless moniker that has been utilized for centuries. With Latin roots, the name Flora signifies "flower." It is closely linked with nature, loveliness, and femininity. Flora is a name that has been employed in a variety of cultures and boasts a wealth of history. This name was ranked #647 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

Hurricane Flora in 1963 struck many Caribbean Islands. The storm killed more than 7,000 people.


Gertrude

Gertrude [ gur-trood ] is a female given name. It comes from Germanic words that mean "spear" and "strength". The short forms of "Gertrude" are Gertie or Gert. The name Gertrude was used for an Atlantic storm in 1974. "Gert" has been used for Atlantic tropical storms every six years since 1981. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


T11 (classification)

T11 is a classification used in paralympics. It is used for blind athletes.

Monica

Monica [ mon-i-k"uh" ] is a female given name. The name Monica has a long and significant history. It has been in use for centuries and carries a deep meaning. The name Monica originates from the Latin term "monere," which translates to "to advise" or "to warn." Saint Monica, the mother of Saint Augustine, was a devout Christian and renowned for her wisdom and piety. She popularized the name Monica, making it a well-known and respected name. In the United States, the name was very popular in the late 1970s, when it peaked near #39. The popularity has been declining since then. In 2010 the name ranked #363. This name was ranked #693 on the US Popular Names in 2021. The 1858 novel "Doctor Thorne" had a character was named Monica Thorne. People with the name include Monica Lewinsky, Monica Seles and Monica Potter. Fictional people by the name include Monica Geller from the television sitcom "Friends".

Forms of the name include the French name Monique.


Agatha

Agatha is a female given name.The pronunciation of the name is[ag-uh-thuh]. It comes from the Ancient Greek word "agathos", meaning "good". The name last ranked in the Top 1000 girls names in the United States in the 1930s.But in the last few years it has fallen out of fashion.

Saint Agatha of Sicily was a 3rd-century saint. There was a famous crime writer named Agatha Christie. 

There have been several tropical cyclones in the Eastern Pacific Region named "Agatha". Tropical Storm Agatha in 2010 caused over $1 billion in damage and over three hundred deaths across Central America.

There are different versions of the name, for example Agata.


Lisa (given name)

The name Lisa [ lee-s"uh", -z"uh" ] is a female given name. It is a form of the name Elizabeth. Lisa is a popular name for girls that has been in use for centuries. It is a short and sweet name that is simple to pronounce and spell. The meaning of the name Lisa can vary depending on its origin. One of the most common meanings of the name Lisa is "God is my oath." This meaning comes from the Hebrew name Elisheba, which was the name of Aaron's wife in the Old Testament. Elisheba was later abbreviated to Elizabeth, and Lisa is a diminutive form of Elizabeth. Another meaning of the name Lisa is "consecrated to God." This meaning comes from the Latin name Lysa, which was a shortened version of Elizabeth. In ancient Rome, the name Lysa was given to girls who were devoted to the goddess Juno. In German, the name Lisa means "God's promise." This meaning comes from the German name Liese, which is a diminutive form of Elizabeth. In German culture, the name Liese was often bestowed upon girls who were born after a long period of waiting or difficulty. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Across the United Kingdom, "Lisa" was the fifth most popular female name. Around 1996, the name fell out of Top 100. In the United States, during the 1960s and 1970s, "Lisa" was among the most popular feminine names. However, by around the late 1970s, the name began to decline.


Lake Malawi

Lake Malawi (or Lake Nyasa, Lake Niassa) is a lake in Africa. It is the southernmost lake in the East African Rift system. It is shared between Malawi, Mozambique and Tanzania. Before Malawi became independent in 1964, the territory was called "Nyasaland". For this reason, Mozambique and Tanzania call the lake Lake Nyasa.

Lake Malawi is the third largest and second deepest lake in Africa. It is the ninth largest lake in the world. 

Krav Maga

Krav Maga (, "lit." "contact combat") is an Jewish–Israeli martial art. It was developed by Hungarian-Israeli martial artist Imi Lichtenfeld in Slovakia. Today it is used by the Israeli Defense Forces.


Safed

Safed (, "Tzfat"; , "Ṣafad") is a major city in northern Israel. It is in the Safed region of the Upper Galilee Mountains. Safed is an international center for Kabbalah study. It is one of Judaism's four holiest cities, along with Jerusalem, Hebron and Tiberias. 

Located at an elevation of 900 meters (2,953 feet), Safed is the highest city in the Galilee and in Israel. Due to its high elevation, Safed has warm summers and cold, often snowy, winters.

Due to its pleasant climate and scenic views surrounded by pine forests, Safed has become a popular holiday resort visited by Israeli and foreign tourists.



Habeas corpus

A writ of (; Latin: "may you have the body") protects people from being kept in jail or prison without a legal reason and without any end date. It is a writ (legal action) that says that if someone who was arrested or imprisoned wants to go to court to argue that they are being held illegally, the prison official must bring the individual to the court. Once the person is brought before the court, the judge will decide if the person is being held lawfully, or has the right to be released.


Tiberias

Tiberias (; , Tverya, Tiveria ; , "") is a city in northern Israel. It is located along the Sea of Galilee, in the Lower Galilee at the Jordan Valley. Tiberias has been considered one of Judaism's four holiest cities, along with Jerusalem, Hebron and Safed.


Bustan (garden)

A bustan (, ) is an agricultural garden, especially one next to a house.

Pistacia lentiscus

Pistacia lentiscus (also Mastic; "") is a shrub or small tree of the Pistacio genus. They grow in the Mediterranean Sea region, mainly on the Greek island of Chios in the Aegean Sea. The resin of the tree is called: "mastic". It was famous in the southern region of the island of Chios, called Mastichochoria. The tree is used for food, medicine and industrial purposes. 


Jean-Luc Godard

Jean-Luc Godard (3 December 1930 – 13 September 2022) was a French-Swiss movie director, producer, editor, cinematographer, writer and actor. He was born in Paris to a French mother and Swiss father. The English film magazine "Sight and Sound" called him one of the top three film directors of all time. "Breathless", based on a story by Francois Truffaut, is one of his most famous movies. 

He was married to Anna Karina from 1961 until they divorced in 1965.

Godard died by assisted suicide on 13 September 2022 in Rolle, Switzerland at the age of 91.

Jean-Luc Godard revolutionized cinema with jump cuts, intertextuality, political commentary, breaking the fourth wall, nonlinear narratives, and innovative aesthetics.


Branislav Ivanović

Branislav Ivanović (; born 22 February 1984) is a Serbian footballer. He is the captain of the Serbia national football team. He plays for Chelsea in the Premier League. He plays as a defender.

Amelia

Amelia [uh-mel-ee-uh] is a female given name. It is a form of Amalia, which comes from the Germanic word "amal", meaning "work". The name also means "industrious" and "fertile".For 2021, the number of births with name Amelia is 12952, which represents 0.728 percent of total female births in 2021. The form Amelie comes from the French equivalent "Amélie". Related names are Amy and Millie.

There are many princesses and celebrities named Amelia. One is Amelia Earhart. Another is Minnie Driver, who was born as Amelia Fiona J. Driver.

In 1978, Tropical Storm Amelia caused a flooding disaster across Texas and killed thirty-three people.





Dennis Burkley

Dennis Henry Burkley (September 10, 1945 – July 14, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his voice role as Carl Moss in the animated series "King of the Hill". 

Burkley was born on September 10, 1945 in Van Nuys, California. He grew up in Grand Prairie, Texas. Burkley died on July 14, 2013 in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 67.


Limnognathia

Limnognathia maerski is a microscopic animal. It is a newly discovered type, found in homothermic springs on Disko Island, Greenland in 1994. Its place in taxonomy is uncertain.

It is described as a class or subphylum in the phylum Gnathifera or as a phylum in a Gnathifera superphylum, called Micrognathozoa. It is related to the rotifers and gnathostomulida, grouped together as the Gnathifera. 

With an average length of one-tenth of a millimetre, it is one of the smallest animals known.

"L. maerski" has very complicated jaws, with fifteen separate parts. The parts of the jaw structure are connected by ligaments and muscles. The jaw parts are very small, ranging from 4 μm to 14 μm. The animal can extend part of its jaw structure outside of its mouth while eating. It also extends much of its jaw structure outside of its mouth when it is regurgitating (pushing out) items that are indigestible.

"L. maerski" has a large ganglion, or 'brain', in its head. Paired nerve cords go along the lower side of the body) to the tail. Stiff sensory bristles made up of one to three cilia are scattered about the body. These bristles are similar to those on gnathostomulids.

Flexible cilia are arranged in a horseshoe-shaped area on the forehead, and in spots on the sides of the head and in two rows on the underside of the body. The cilia on the forehead create a current that moves food particles towards the mouth. The other cilia move the animal.

All specimens of "L. maerski" that have been collected have had female organs. They lay two kinds of eggs: thin-walled eggs that hatch quickly, and thick-walled eggs that are believed to be resistant to freezing, and thus capable of over-wintering and hatching in the spring. The same pattern is known from rotifers, where thick-walled eggs only form after fertilization by males. The youngest "L. maerski" specimens collected may also have male organs: it is now thought that the animals hatch as males and then become females.

Cladogram (adapted from ) showing the relationships of "Limnognathia":


Brumby

A brumby is a feral horse in Australia. They are found in many areas around the country, but the best-known brumbies are found in the Australian Alps region in south-eastern Australia. Today, most of them are found in the Northern Territory and Queensland. A group of Brumbies is known as a "mob" or "band". 

Brumbies are the descendants of horses that escaped or were lost many years ago. In some cases, they descend from the horses that belonged to the early European settlers. They had brought horses from South Africa, Indonesia, Great Britain, as well as many thoroughbreds and Arabians.

Today brumbies live in many places, including some national parks. Sometimes they are captured and domesticated. Most are then used as working horses on farms or stations. Some may be used as riding horses or show horses.

Brumbies are regarded as pests by environmentalists and the government. They are considered a threat to native ecosystems. There are several programmes to eradicate (kill) all feral horses across Australia. However, there are also many people working to stop this, as brumbies are also valued by many as part of Australia's history. The Brumby also might get its name from James Brumby, a horse breeder.


Helicopter bucket

An helicopter bucket (or sometimes Bambi bucket) is a kind of big bag used for water bombing by helicopters. It is removable. It can generally be stored in specially designed boxes.

Google Maps (application)

Google Maps is a mobile application for mapping that was released by Google for Android in 2008. An iOS version was released on December 13, 2012. The iOS version was released as an alternative to Apple's built-in maps application, which was released with iOS 6.

Google Maps has many features, including turn-by-turn navigation, street view, and public transit information. The application's user interface was completely redesigned. The original version did not support the iPad, but Google added iPad support with version 2.0.

Google Maps is available as a mobile app for the Android and iOS mobile operating systems. The Android app was first released in September 2008, though the GPS-localization feature had been in testing on cellphones since 2007.

The built-in maps application on iOS used Google Maps until iOS 6. With the release of the first iOS 6 beta in June 2012, Apple announced that they had created their own map service. iOS 6 was released on September 19, 2012 with a new maps application that uses map data by Apple. Google decided to create its own maps application after Apple's built-in maps application was criticized a lot.

Google Maps was launched on the iOS App Store on December 13, 2012. After only two days, the application had been downloaded over 10 million times. It was initially reported shortly after the application was released that the number of iOS upgrades to iOS 6 increased by as much as 30%. Later reports suggested that the increase was actually because of the iPhone 5's release in China.

The application has had mostly favorable reviews from critics. USA Today said, "The reemergence in the middle of the night of a Google Maps app for the iPhone is like the return of an old friend. Only your friend, who’d gone missing for three months, comes back looking better than ever." CNET, called it "the king of maps" and said, "With its iOS Maps app, Google sets the standard for what mobile navigation should be and more." Bree Fowler of the Associated Press compared Google's and Apple's map applications. He said, "The one clear advantage that Apple has is style. Like Apple devices, the maps are clean and clear and have a fun, pretty element to them, especially in 3-D. But when it comes down to depth and information, Google still reigns superior and will no doubt be welcomed back by its fans." Gizmodo gave it a "gizrank" of 4.5 stars. in 2013 Google even admitted that the iPhone and iPod touch version of its mapping software was more advanced than the version on its own Android mobile phone and tablet operating system.



Eurocopter AS-532 Cougar

The Eurocopter AS-532 Cougar is the military variant of the AS-332 Super Puma helicopter. It is built by Eurocopter. It is used by countries such as Albania, Brazil, Bulgaria, Chile, France, Germany, Malawi, Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Slovenia, Spain, Turkey, Venezuela, and Zimbabwe.
A modernized variant, dedicated to special forces, is the Eurocopter EC725 Caracal.


Eurocopter AS-350 Ecureuil

The Eurocopter AS-350 Ecureuil is a light helicopter designed and built in France by Aérospatiale, and later produced by Eurocopter. It is one of the most important civilian helicopters in the world, like the United States' Bell 206. Many are used by militaries.

It is a single-turboshaft helicopter built entirely of metal. It can carry a pilot and at least five passengers. Some are used for aerial work. "AS-350B3" is a variant for flying at high altitudes.



Fuselage

The fuselage (from the French "fuselé", meaning "spindle-shaped") is the main body section of an aircraft. It holds the crew and passengers or cargo, as well as an engine in many cases. It is often made out of a metal, such as aluminium.


Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium

The Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium (, ', also known as "Gymnasia Herzliya"), originally known as (lit. Hebrew High School) is the first Hebrew high school in the world. It opened in 1905 in Jaffa. It moved between several buildings in Jaffa until 1909, when it moved to Tel Aviv. In 1955, the building was demolished and moved to a new site to build the Shalom Meir Tower.


Tel Aviv Stock Exchange

The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE; ) is the central stock exchange of Israel. It is in Tel Aviv. In 2014 the Stock Exchange will move to a new building next to the Shalom Meir Tower.


Israel Diamond Exchange

Israel Diamond Exchange Ltd. is the world's largest diamond exchange. It opened in 1937 in Tel Aviv. In 1968, it moved to Ramat Gan.


Jerusalem Central Bus Station

The Jerusalem central bus station is the main bus station of Jerusalem. It is in the western entrance of the city in Jaffa Street, near the Jerusalem Binyanei HaUma Railway Station and the Jerusalem Chords Bridge. 

Tomb of Benei Hezir

The Tomb of Benei Hezir () is ancient cave tomb in eastern Jerusalem. It is from the Second Temple period. It is located in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery in the Kidron Valley. 

Grand Festivities Square

Grand Festivities Square is a festival and parade ground in Zawraa Park, Baghdad, Iraq. It was built in 1986 by order of president Saddam Hussein to celebrate the victory of Iraq in the Iran-Iraq War. There is a large reviewing stand and pavilion in the square. The pavilion also contains a cinema and theatre. The square was used for executions and military parades. The Victory Arch was built over the two entrances to the square. Grand Festivities Square is next to The Monument to the Unknown Soldier.


National Museum of Iraq

The Iraq Museum, lately known as the National Museum of Iraq (), is a history museum in Baghdad, Iraq. It shows the history of the civilizations of Mesopotamia, Assyria and Babylon. The museum was started in 1926 by the British mandate in the Middle East.


Marianne

Marianne [ mair-ee-an, mar- ] is a female given name. Marianne is a name that has been popular for many centuries and it combines two names, Mary and Anne. Mary is a Hebrew name that can mean "bitter" or "beloved," while Anne is a Hebrew name that can mean "grace" or "favor." When these two names are put together, Marianne means "bitter grace" or "beloved grace." It is the French form of Mariamne, which in turn is a version of Mary. In the late Greek, Marianna was used. In 18th century France, "Marianne" became a popular version of the name Marian. People named "Mariannne" include singer Marianne Faithfull. Fictional characters with the name include Marianne Dashwood in the book "Sense and Sensibility". This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Albert Gelis Juanola

Albert Gelis Juanola (born October 26, 1981 in Sant Joan Les Fonts, Girona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is an B2/S12 type swimmer. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished second at the 2004 Games in the 4 x 100 meter 49 Points Medley Relay. 

Vicente Gil Ros

Vicente Gil Ros (born January 5, 1976 in Carpesa, Valencia) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is an S5 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished second at the 2004 and 2008 Games in the SB3 50 meter breaststroke. He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter 20 Points medley race at the 2008 Games.

In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open. He raced at the 2011 IPC European Swimming Championships in Berlin, Germany.

Nadia

Nadia is a female given name, mostly in the Russian and Ukrainian languages. The name means "hope". The name is very popular in Italy, Spain, France and Russia. One person named Nadia is Nadia Comăneci. Several fictional characters are named "Nadia". This name was ranked #460 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Camille

The name Camille [ k"uh"-mil-"uh" ] is a usually feminine given name, though there are some males by the name. The name is a French form of the name Camilla. People named "Camille" include Camille Claudel, a painter. Camille is a name that exudes beauty and elegance and has been favored for centuries. It is a name with a rich history, having been used in various cultures with different interpretations. The name Camille originated from the French language and is derived from the Latin word "camillus," which refers to a young ceremonial attendant. Since the 17th century, it has been a popular name in France and has also gained popularity in other countries worldwide. One of the most well-known individuals named Camille is the French artist Camille Pissarro, who was a prominent figure in the Impressionist movement. He is renowned for his stunning depictions of landscapes and cityscapes. Another famous individual with the name Camille is the French composer Camille Saint-Saëns, who was a prolific composer and is most recognized for his opera, Samson and Delilah. 

In mid August 1969, Hurricane Camille hit the Gulf Coast States of Mississippi and Alabama, causing heavy damage and killing over two hundred people.


Weizmann Institute of Science

The Weizmann Institute of Science ( "") is a public university for scientific research. It is in Rehovot, Israel.


Economy of Azerbaijan

The Economy of Azerbaijan is based on industry, agriculture, and on services including tourism. The energy sector based on the large reserves of crude oil and natural gas, is the main source of economic growth in Azerbaijan today, though half of the Azerbaijani people earn their income directly or indirectly through services and a third earn their income through agriculture. The energy boom has led to massive foreign direct investment and the growth rate of the Azerbaijani economy is one of the world's highest.

After gaining independence in 1991 with the end of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan made the long and difficult change from a command economy to a market economy. The government has largely completed privatization of agricultural lands and small, medium and large stateowned companies. Azerbaijan is still making economic reforms. With independence, Azerbaijan became a member of the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Islamic Development Bank and the Asian Development Bank. Azerbaijan's currency is the Azerbaijani manat which is divided into 100 qəpik. It became the national currency in 1992 and replaced the old Soviet ruble. The Central Bank of Azerbaijan was created in 1992 as Azerbaijan's central bank. It is responsible for printing and distributing the national currency, the Azerbaijani manat, and controlling all commercial banks.
Azerbaijan is rich in natural resources which provide energy, especially in crude oil and natural gas, and hydroelectricity and wind power. Other natural resources include minerals such as gold, silver, iron, copper, titanium, chromium, manganese, cobalt, molybdenum, complex ore and antimony which are mined. Crude oil and natural gas, are the most important products of Azerbaijan's economy and the main sources of export contributing to its economic growth. They are also the basis for an widespread system of refineries, which produce gasoline, herbicides, fertilizers, kerosene, synthetic rubber, and plastics. The oil and natural gas are carried through pipelines from the Caspian Sea to the Black Sea ports of Novorossiysk in Russia and Suspa in Georgia and to the Mediterranean Sea port Ceyhan in Turkey. Hydroelectric power plants supply 20% of the country's electric capacity and wind power production is slowly increasing. Other major industries include cement, fertiliser, steel, chemicals, automobiles, and machinery.

Agriculture is a part of the economy which contributes only 6% of the GDP of Azerbaijan but employs 38.3% of the workforce. 21.78% of the total land area is arable land where crops can be cultivated. 2.1% is used for crops which last for many seasons, rather than being replanted after each harvest. 16.45% of the total land area, the majority of Azerbaijan's cultivated lands, is irrigated. The major crops are agricultural cash crops, grapes,cotton, tobacco, citrus fruits, rice, tea and vegetables. Livestock, dairy products, and wine and spirits are also important farm products. Farms in Azerbaijan are organized as state and cooperative farms which employ many farmers, and small private farms which are owned and run by farmers and their families. A leading caviar producer and exporter in the past, Azerbaijan's fishing industry today is concentrated on the shrinking supply of sturgeon and beluga in the Caspian Sea.

Tourism is an important part of the economy of Azerbaijan. The country was a well-known tourist spot in the 1980s. The fall of the Soviet Union and the Nagorno-Karabakh War during the 1990s, damaged the tourist industry and the image of Azerbaijan as a tourist destination. It was not until the 2000s that the tourism industry began to recover, and the country has since experienced a high rate of growth in the number of tourist visits and overnight stays. In the recent years, Azerbaijan has also becoming a popular destination for religious, spa, and health care tourism. During winter, the ski resorts such as Shahdag Winter Complex are popular with foreign visitors.



Technion – Israel Institute of Technology

The Technion – Israel Institute of Technology () is a public university for engineering studies. It is located in Haifa, Israel. The Technion was established in 1912. The original building is now the Israel National Museum of Science, Technology, and Space.


Glossary of dance figures

Dance figures are groups of steps which have a name, and are described in technical dance manuals. Dance steps are the individual movements in a dance. A step is usually a change of weight from one leg to the other. Dance patterns and dance movements are informal terms.

The basic movement (also called the basic figure or the basic step) is the most basic movement of a dance. The music and the basic figures form the character of a dance. It is enough to do the basic steps in time with the music to dance socially. 

However, most social dancers can do a few more figures: one does need to turn corners. So, for example, in the waltz a social dancer would need as a minimum: Closed change figures going forward and backward; natural turn to the right; reverse turn to the left. Next would come the whisk and chassé (see below).

The box step is a dance figure named so because the steps are made in the four corners of a square. It is used in some American-style ballroom dances (Rumba, Waltz).

Chassé (or chasse: the last 'e' is pronounced) is a dance figure with three steps. It is a smooth, flowing figure, with the feet moving sideways to the body in a step-together-step pattern. Originally used in the quickstep and the English Waltz (International waltz).

Closed change is a basic figure in the Waltz. The man steps forward on either foot whilst the lady steps backward on the opposing foot. They will then step to the side on the other foot, and finish the figure by closing the first foot beside the second. Each step takes up a full beat of the music.

Contra body movement position or CBMP is when the body is held at a different angle to the feet. It applies to almost every step taken outside partner, so it occurs often in tango and in "all" promenade figures.

Dosado is a circular movement where two people, who are initially facing each other, walk around each other without or almost without turning. They face in the same direction all the time they are moving. They do not turn to face each other.

The feather step is a basic figure in the Foxtrot. The man makes three steps forward, with the third one (right foot) done outside the lady. Second and third steps taken with left shoulder leading.

"A completed set of steps" More explicitly: a small sequence of steps comprising a meaningful gestalt, and given a name, for example 'whisk' or 'spin turn'.

The frame is a fundamental concept in ballroom dancing. The standard hold for partners differs according to the type of dance. In ballroom it is of critical importance, since it affects the ability of the two people to move as one. 

In a close hold in ballroom the partners are slightly offset, with the lady (or 'follower') slightly to the right side of the man. Therefore their feet are not exactly opposite each other. The lady's shape in advanced dancers is as follows. With her hips firmly against the man, the top half of her body is slightly back and to the left. 

In the tango the lady is further to the right of the man, to half the width of the body. The dance is done with a right side lead by the man, and with no rise of the feet. Placing of the feet is delayed to the last possible moment, creating a movement in character with the music.

The other aspect of the frame is the arms. The position of the man's arms should not vary in the course of a dance in ballroom (in relation to his shoulders). Advanced dancers hold the frame wider and higher than social dancers.

In latin dances the partners are said to be in closed hold if they have their hands on each other, if not they are in semi-open or open positions. Most social latin dance is done in closed hold; most competition dancing is done in open position.

The heel turn is a ballroom dance move. The heel of the support foot is turned while the other foot is held close and parallel to the support one. At the end of the turn the weight is transferred from one foot to another. A different version of this is the heel pull, in which the feet are kept apart.

A hockey stick is a figure in the Latin ballroom dances Rumba and Cha-cha-cha. This move gets its name because the lady moves in a pattern that is similar to a hockey stick.

A kick is a movement of the foot and the lower part of the leg. It may vary from a light flick to a full kick of the knee.

A lock step is an action where the moving foot swings behind the standing foot rather than closing next to it. It is an elementary figure in the quickstep, and is now danced in all the ballroom dances. 

Going forward, the right foot ends up to the left of the left foot and somewhat behind it. Going backwards, the left foot ends up to the right of the right foot and slightly in front of it.
Dancing this figure, the body is held diagonally to the direction of movement. This is an outside partner figure taken in contra-body movement position (CBMP).

In latin dances other versions of the lock step are done.

The moonwalk is a dance technique that presents the illusion of the dancer being pulled backwards while trying to walk forward.

A natural turn is a turn in which the dance couple rotates to the right (clockwise). A reverse turn is when the couple rotates to the left (anti-clockwise).

A ballroom dance figure in which the moving foot passes the supporting foot, rather than closes to it.

An outside partner step is a step taken with the partner beside the moving foot. During this step the feet tracks of both partners do not overlap.

Promenade position (PP) is when the couple is positioned for their inside feet (man's left foot, lady's right foot) to move across to the man's left. It occurs in the elementary waltz figure of whisk and chassé. In dancing this figure correctly, the bodies form a thin v-shape. As they move into the chassé, their feet will point more towards the direction of movement. This effect, rarely achieved by elementary dancers, is caused by the contra body movement position (CBMP). 

About half the tango figures are danced in PP.

The walk is probably the most basic dance step. It is used in almost every dance. Walks roughly correspond to normal walking steps, but are a bit different depending on the basic technique of the dance. For example, with walks in Latin dance, the ball of the foot touches the floor first, rather than the heel. In basic latin dances, the ball of the feet should never leave the floor. With few exceptions, heel leads are not used.

Bibliotheca Alexandrina

The Bibliotheca Alexandrina ( "") is a large library in Alexandria, Egypt. The library was opened in 1995.

It is a major library and cultural center on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea in the Egyptian city of Alexandria. It is a commemoration of the ancient Library of Alexandria. 


Retro

Retro is a term used to describe fashions, trends and other cultural items that were popular or relevant many years ago. Generally, something that is retro is at least of fifteen or twenty years of age. For example, a video game from 1997 could be considered as something retro. The term is especially used for things of the mid twentieth century (1950s, 1960s, 1970s and 1980s).


Ron Arad (industrial designer)

Ron Arad (; born 24 April 1951 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli industrial designer, artist, and architect. Arad became famous for his design of the Design Museum Holon that opened in 2010. He also designed the Tel Aviv Bauhaus Museum in 2008.


Jack Kevorkian

Jacob "Jack" Kevorkian (May 26, 1928 – June 3, 2011), mostly known as "Dr. Death", was an American pathologist, euthanasia activist, painter, author, composer and instrumentalist. He is best known for publicly championing a terminal patient's right to die via physician-assisted suicide; he claimed to have helped at least 130 patients to that end. He famously said, "dying is not a crime". He was convicted of murder in 1999 and sent to prison. Concomitantly in 1999 the Geneva-based self-determination society Exit International commissioned conductor David Woodard to orchestrate wind settings of Kevorkian's organ works. Kevorkian was released in 2007.

Kevorkian was born on May 26, 1928 in Pontiac, Michigan. He was of Armenian descent. Kevorkian studied at University of Michigan Medical School. He never married and had no children. Kevorkian died on June 3, 2011 in Royal Oak, Michigan from thrombosis, aged 83. He was buried in White Chapel Memorial Park Cemetery in Troy, Michigan.


Michael Medwin

Michael Hugh Medwin OBE (18 July 1923 – 26 February 2020) was an English actor and movie producer. His best known roles were in "Shoestring", "Scrooge" and in "The Army Game".

Medwin was born on 18 July 1923 in London, England. He studied at Canford School and at the Institute Fischer. Medwin retired in 2008. He died on 26 February 2020, aged 96.

Sandra Gomez Perez

Sandra Gomez Perez (born May 22, 1986 in Pamplona, Navarra) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability: she is blind and is an B2/S12 type swimmer. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and 2008 Summer Paralympics. She finished first at the 2004 Games in the Women's SB12 100 meter breaststroke race. She finished second in the Women's SB12 100 meter breaststroke at the 2008 Games. 

Agriculture in Azerbaijan

Agriculture is an important part of the economy of Azerbaijan. It contributes only 6% of the GDP of the country, but employs 38.3% of the workforce. 21.78% of the total land area is arable land (land where crops can be cultivated (grown)) and 2.1% are used for permanent crops (crops which last for many seasons, rather than being replanted after each harvest). 16.45% of the total land area, which makes up the majority of Azerbaijan's cultivated lands, is irrigated. The major crops for are agricultural cash crops, grapes,cotton, tobacco, citrus fruits, rice, tea and vegetables. Livestock, dairy products, and wine and spirits are also important farm products. Farms in Azerbaijan are organized as state and cooperative farms which employ many farmers, and small private farms which are owned and run by one farmer and his/her family. A leading caviar producer and exporter in the past, Azerbaijan's fishing industry today is concentrated on the dwindling supply of sturgeon and beluga in the Caspian Sea.

Under the Soviet Union, agriculture in Azerbaijan was collectivized in large state farms. Collectivization meant taking the land from owners of all farms and joining it into large farms run by the government. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, economic reforms took place, which led to the rapid changes in the agricultural sector as well, including privatization. After the "Law on Land Reforms" was passed in 1996, land has been given to individuals who are now allowed to own small private farms and sell their farm products. Nevertheless, Azerbaijan's agricultural sector still needs a lot of modernization, if it is to realize its vast potential. Prices for agricultural products are below the cost of labor, because the Soviet-era communist collective farm system discouraged private initiative; equipment in general and the irrigation system in particular are old, and modern technology is still not widespread, especially in small private farms.



Jaffa Gate

Jaffa Gate (, "Sha'ar Yafo"; , Bab el-Khalil, "Gate of the Friend"; also Bab Mihrab Daud, "Gate of the Prayer Niche of David"; also called David's Gate) is a stone archway in the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. It is along one of the main roads that connects the western part of the city to the Western Wall and the Temple Mount above him.

The plaza of the Jaffa Gate replaced a tall Roman pillar inside the Damascus Gate, which was used as the starting point for measurements to other cities in Palestine. It later became the starting point used to measure the distances to other countries. The Tower of David is a structure of the citadel, and is used today as the History of Jerusalem Museum.

The road fro Jaffa Gate to the Western Wall called once the Capital street.


Tower of David

The Tower of David (, "Migdal David", , "Burj Daud") is an ancient citadel located in Jaffa Gate of the Old City of Jerusalem. It was originally expanded during the 2nd century BC. It was destroyed and then rebuilt several times, in the Christian, Muslim, Mamluk and Ottoman periods in Jerusalem. Today the citadel is used for the History of Jerusalem Museum. 


Kilometer zero

Kilometre zero (also written "km 0", also mile zero, control stations or control points) is a point from which distances are traditionally measured to other cities and countries (often in capital cities). 

Jeanette

Jeanette (also Jeannette) [ j"uh"-net; "for 2 also" "French" zhah-net ] is a female given name. It comes from the name Jeanne. Other variations are Jennette, Janette and Janet. Jeanette is a lovely moniker that has been in use for centuries. It is a feminine name that originates from both French and English cultures. The name Jeanette is derived from the name Jean, which connotes "God is gracious." Jeanette is formed by blending the names Jean and Ette, which implies "little one." This name carries a significant history and has been linked to several notable figures. People named Jeannette include Jennette McCurdy. Fictional characters include Jeanette Miller of the Chippettes. People named "Janet" include Janet Jackson, Janet Leigh and Janet Reno.

The related name "Janet" was used for a hurricane, which in 1955, caused major devastation in eastern Mexico.


Historical novel

According to Encyclopædia Britannica, a historical novel is 

Many regard Sir Walter Scott as the first to write historical novels. György Lukács, in his "The Historical Novel", argues that Scott is the first fiction writer who saw history not just as a convenient frame in which to stage a contemporary narrative, but rather as a distinct social and cultural setting. His novels of Scottish history such as "Waverley" (1814) and "Rob Roy" (1817) focus upon a middling character who sits at the intersection of various social groups in order to explore the development of society through conflict. His "Ivanhoe" (1820) gains credit for renewing interest in the Middle Ages. 

Victor Hugo's "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1831) furnishes another 19th-century example of the romantic-historical novel as does Leonie Greg Tolstoy's "War and Peace". In the United States, James Fenimore Cooper was a prominent author of historical novels. In French literature, the most prominent inheritor of Scott's style of the historical novel was Balzac.

Despina Vandi

Despina Vandi (, ), born Despina Malea ( 22 July 1969), is a Greek singer and actress. Vandi has sold one million records in Greece.

Vandi was born in Tübingen, West Germany. Her family returned to Kavala, Greece when she was six years old. She enrolled at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, but eventually dropped out to start her music career. Vandi moved to Athens in the early 1990s.

In 2003, she released the single "Gia" ("hello" or "goodbye") internationally. It became a big hit. In 2004, she did a cover of the Notis Sfakianakis song "Opa Opa". It was recorded in English which became a big hit worldwide. Even Antique has made a cover of this song.

Vandi is married to Demis Nikolaidis, ex-international soccer player and former president of AEK soccer club. She has two children, Melina (born in February 10, 2004) and Giorgos (born August 20, 2007).



Morelos, Chihuahua

Morelos is a town and headquarters of the municipality of Morelos, in Chihuahua, Mexico. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 735. 

Morelos Municipality

Morelos Municipality may refer to:



Morelos (disambiguation)

Morelos is one of the 31 states of Mexico, named for Independence War hero José María Morelos 

Morelos may also refer to:


Tropical Storm Bret (1993)

Tropical Storm Bret was a deadly storm that crossed Venezuela, Colombia and eastern Nicaragua. Winds of this storm peaked at 60 miles an hour. Bret caused serious damage and the deaths of almost 200 people along its path. The storm happened in early August 1993. It was the deadliest Atlantic cyclone of the 1993 Atlantic storm season.

Sam Hui

Samuel Hui Koon-kit (born 6 September 1948), usually known as Sam Hui, is a Hong Kong Cantopop musician, singer, songwriter, and actor. He is credited with popularizing Cantopop. His music includes Western-style music and popular, street Cantonese jargon in his lyrics writing. 





Redwood City, California

Redwood City is a community on the San Francisco Peninsula in California, United States. It is located south of San Francisco, and about north of San Jose, California. Redwood City was originally known as Mezesville.

Hurricane Alma (1966)

Hurricane Alma was an unusual June hurricane in 1966. The storm struck western Cuba and the Southeastern United States. It was responsible for almost 100 deaths and $210 million in damage. Its peak winds hit 125 mph. Despite the severe damage and death tolls, "Alma" was not retired.

Robert II, Archbishop of Rouen

Robert II Archbishop of Rouen (989–1037) and Count of Évreux. He was an important and influential member of the clergy of Normandy. Robert was an advisor to five dukes of Normandy. 
Robert was the son of Richard I the Fearless by his wife Gunnora. He was a younger brother of duke Richard II and the uncle of duke Robert I. He was appointed the Archbishop of Rouen by his father . He was also given the of Évreux at the same time. Robert had always been involved in Norman politics and was a strong supporter of the Norman dukes. His nephew Richard III had a troubled and short reign of just over a year. When he was succeeded by his brother Robert I, as Duke of Normandy, Archbishop Robert had a great deal of trouble helping the new duke. In 1028 the duke attacked him and then made him leave Normandy. Duke Robert I then laid siege to Hugh d'Ivry, Bishop of Bayeux who also questioned his authority as duke. From exile in France, Archbishop Robert excommunicated his nephew Duke Robert and placed Normandy under an . 

The Archbishop and Duke finally came to an agreement. Archbishop Robert lifted the interdict and excommunication; Duke Robert restored the Archbishop to his see. He also gave back his countship of Evereux, and returned all his properties. Duke Robert also returned all the property that he or his vassals had taken from the church. By 1033 Duke Robert was starting a major campaign against his cousin Alan III, Duke of Brittany. He and Alan had been raiding back and forth but finally a peace was negotiated between them by Archbishop Robert, their mutual uncle. In 1035 Duke Robert had decided on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem. After making his illegitimate son William (William the Conqueror) his heir he asked the archbishop to watch over and protect his young son. Duke Robert then set out on his pilgrimage to Jerusalem never to return to Normandy. He died on his return journey.

Archbishop Robert kept his promise and ruled Normandy as regent for William until his death in 1037. When Robert died it caused an increase in in Normandy. Robert was a witness to at least fifteen during his career. He influenced Norman politics for nearly fifty years.

Robert married Herlevea and they had the following children:


married secondly Hugh de Gournay.

Federal Institute of Bahia

Federal Institute of Bahia ("Instituto Federal da Bahia", short IFBA) is a public university of the Brazilian state of Bahia. It was established in 1910. It is one of the largest universities in Bahia as well as one the country's most successful universities.

Hippocamp (moon)

S/2004 N 1 "(Hippocamp)" is a small moon of Neptune. It was discovered in 2013. It was the 14th moon of Neptune to be discovered. It will likely receive a name relating to the mythological Neptune sometime soon.

Coca-Cola Cherry

Coca-Cola Cherry, originally known as Cherry Coke, is a cherry-flavored type of Coca-Cola. It was introduced in 1985. It is a product of The Coca-Cola Company.

In Ireland, it is no longer available since August 2015, which the redesign of the logo commenced there.

Aegaeon (moon)

Aegaeon is a small moon of Saturn, only half a kilometer in diameter. It was discovered in 2009 from images dating from 2008.

Uncobasidium

Uncobasidium is a genus of fungi in the family Meruliaceae.


Jorge Cardona

Jorge Cardona Marquez (born November 2, 1987 in Zaragoza) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 10 player. He played table tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2008, he finished second in team table tennis. In 2012, he finished third in team Class 9-10.

Susana Echeverria Martínez

Susana Echeverria Martínez (born August 24, 1976 in Pamplona, Navarra) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has an intellectual disability: She is a T20/F20 type athlete. She competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She was the third best thrower in the F20 javelin.

Bloodletting

Bloodletting is the practice of withdrawing blood from a patient to cure a disease. The practice was widely used in Antiquity and the Middle Ages. People stopped using it in the 19th century. The idea of bloodletting comes from an ancient system of medicine called Humorism: This system states, that there are different "humors" in the body. To remain healthy, a patient had to keep these humours in balance. Bloodletting was the most common medical practice performed by physicians from antiquity until the late 19th century, a span of almost 2,000 years.

It was found that only in very few cases, this treatment helps cure a disease. The practice has now been abandoned for all except a few very specific conditions. There was no other treatment for hypertension. Bloodletting could sometimes have had a beneficial effect in temporarily reducing blood pressure by reducing blood volume. The problem with hypertension is that it is difficult to diagonse from its symptoms. Modern methods directly measure blood pressure. In Antiquity, this effect was therefore unintentional. In most cases, the historical use of bloodletting was harmful to patients.

The diseases where bloodletting actually helps include Polycythemia vera. In this disease, the number of red blood cells is increased, which changes the viscosity of the blood. Another disease is Polycythemia, which also leads to an increased number of red blood cells.

Paloma

Paloma [ p"uh"-loh-m"uh" ] is a female given name. It comes from the Latin word "palumba", which means "dove". This name is often understood to mean a Christian type of symbol of The Holy Spirit in this bird. The name is common in Italy, Spain and Hungary. 

In November 2008, Hurricane Paloma caused heavy destruction over the Cayman Islands and Cuba. The name "Paloma" was then retired and replaced with "Paulette" for 2014. This name was ranked #886 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


B2 (classification)

B2 is a group to allow athletes with different vision to compete against each other in sports.

B2 is a group to allow athletes with different vision to compete against each other in sports. The International Blind Sports Association (IBSA) says B2 athletes are: "From ability to recognise the shape of a hand to a visual acuity of 2/60 and/or visual field of less than 5 degrees." The Canadian Paralympic Committee says B2 athletes havve "Up to approximately 3-5% functional vision." B2 is used in other sports than sports run by the IBSA. Other sports using B2 are blind golf. Blind golf rules say B2 golfers include "From ability to recognise the shape of a hand up to visual acuity of 2/60 or visual field of less than 5 degrees".

B2 is equal to other disability classifications for other sports. In adaptive rowing, the similar B2 class is LTA-B2. In horse riding, Grade 4 is the similar group to B2. For swimming, the similar disability group for B2 is S12.

B2 has its history in the early history of blind sports. When blind people first started competing, people believed people who had better vision could unfairly compete against people with worse vision. Different groups around vision problem were developed by the IBSA to make playing sport more fair for people with different levels of blindness.

The IBSA B2 is mostly the same since it was created, even as the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) changed methods to allow people to fairly compete against each other based on functional ability.

Equipment used by B2 sportspeople may include sighted guides, guide rails, beeping balls and clap sticks. The use of a sighted guide by B2 athletes depends on the sport. For blind archery, B2 sportspeople use a sighting device based on the sense of touch and must not be able to see well enough to use a bowsight.

Penelope (given name)

Penelope [ p"uh"-nel-"uh"-pee ] is a female given name. Penelope is a name that has been in vogue for many centuries, and it carries a rich legacy and significance. It has a Greek origin and translates to "weaver" or "loom worker". According to Greek mythology, Penelope was the wife of Odysseus and was admired for her loyalty, intelligence, and attractiveness. This name was ranked # on the US Popular Names in 2021. People named Penelope include Penélope Cruz and Penelope Ann Miller. Fictional Penelopes include Penelope Pussycat from Warner Bros' "Looney Tunes" and Penelope Clearwater in the "Harry Potter" novels.


José Antonio Expósito

José Antonio Expósito Pineiro (born in Águilas on May 2, 1978) is a Paralympic athlete from Spain.

He was born on May 2, 1978 in Águilas, Murcia. He has an intellectual disability,

Antonio competes in T20 (track) and F20 (field) events. He has held the F20 Long Jump world record since 2005. He competed at the 2008 INAS World Indoor Athletics Championships held in Tallinn, Estonia, and finished first in the 60 meters and long jump, and third in the 4x400 meter event. He finished first in the 2010 European championships in the 100 meters and long jump events.

Expósito competed in 2010 INAS European Athletics Championship and finished first in the long jump and 100 meter events. He competed in the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships where he was one of thirty-two athletes from Spain. He competed in the 2011 INAS World Games, and finished second in the 4x100 meter relay with teammates Francisco Santiago, Alberto Palomo and Dionibel Rodríguez Rodríguez.

Expósito has finished first at the Spanish national championships. He competed in the 2012 Spanish national championships held in San Javier. In 2012, he had a €23,000 athlete scholarship with a €3,000 reserve and a €2,500 coaching scholarship. He competed in the 2013 World Athletics Championships for people with intellectual disabilities hosted by the Czech Republic. He finished first in the long jump. He injured himself after his final jump.

Expósito competed at 2000 Summer Paralympics for Spain in the javelin and shot put. He did not finish in the top three in those events. He finished first in the 100 meters and the long jump. He could not compete in the 2004 Summer Paralympics and 2008 Summer Paralympics because cheating at the 2000 Games which included people with intellectual disabilities resulted in people with intellectual disabilities not being allowed to compete in those years. People with intellectual disabilities were allow to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Expósito finished first in the F20 Long Jump event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

Vicente Galiana Sánchez

Vicente Galiana Sánchez (born August 3, 1977 in Alicante) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He became blind when he was three years old. His job is working as a coupon seller. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team was six. He played goalball at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. His team was 12.

Raul García Gutierrez

Raul García Gutierrez (born December 3, 1971 in Garrovillas, Cáceres) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B2 type athlete. His job is working as a coupon seller. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. His team was 12.

Aranzazu González Muñoz

Aranzazu Gonzalez Muñoz (born June 5, 1975 in San Sebastian, Guipúzcoa) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability and is an S4 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, Georgia. She finished first in the 50 meter breaststroke, 50 meter freestyle and 100 meter freestyle races.

Antonia

The name Antonia [an-toh-nee-uh, -tohn-yuh]is a female given name. This name is from Roman origin. It is a feminine form of the name Antonio. The meanings of the name are "priceless", "beautiful" and "praiseworthy". 

There are several princesses and famous people named "Antonia". A French form of the name is Antoinette.This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).




Javier Goñi Lopéz

Javier Goñi Lopéz (born 12 April 1986 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: He cannot see everything and is an S11/B1 type swimmer. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. He finished second in the 100 meter backstroke race.

Jordi Gordillo Brunet

Jordi Gordillo Brunet (born August 16, 1983 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and is an S5 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter 20 point medley relay. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. He finished second in the 4 x 50 meter 20 point medley relay. 

Iván Hompanera Alvarez

Ivan Hompanera Alvarez (born January 26, 1969 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and a T38 type athlete. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished first in the 5,000 meter race and the 800 meter race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. 

Jesus Iglesias Cortes

Jesus Iglesias Cortes (born December 25, 1968 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He had a disability: he is an S7 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 100 meter breaststroke. He finished second in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points freestyle relay race. He finished third in the 50 meter S7 freestyle race and the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay race.

Juan Francisco Jimenez Romano

Juan Francisco Jimenez Romano (born March 16, 1981 in Castello De La Plana, Castellón) is a swimmer from Spain. He had a disability: he is an S8 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 x 100 meter 34 Points freestyle men's race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 400 meter Freestyle race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 100 meter Freestyle race. 

Helsingin Sanomat

Helsingin Sanomat, nickname "Hesari", is a newspaper published in Helsinki, Finland. It is the largest subscription newspaper in Finland and the Nordic countries. It is owned by Sanoma. Except after certain holidays, it is published daily.

Letter box

A letter box (or mail box) is a box or hole for receiving mail at a house or office. For collecting mail that is being sent, a post box is generally used instead.

Bridget

Bridget [brij-it]is a female given name. It comes from the Irish word "brígh", which means "power, vigor, strength, virtue". Another meaning for this name is "exalted one".

The name is very popular in Ireland as a result of the popularity of Saint Brigid of Kildare. In the United States, "Bridget" was most often used in the 1970s, when it ranked near 153. The name has since dropped in its being popular in the United States. This name was ranked #722 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

People named "Bridget" include Bridget Fonda.



Memorial Stadium (Bristol)

The Memorial Stadium is a sports ground in Bristol, England. It is the home stadium of Bristol Rovers F.C.. It is dedicated to the memory of the rugby union players of the city killed during World War I.

The stadium opened in 1921.

Horfield

Horfield is a suburb of the city of Bristol, in southwest England.

Horfield is home to the Memorial Stadium, a sports stadium built for the Bristol Rugby Club. In 1996, the stadium also became home to Bristol Rovers Football Club.

Nick Higgs

Nicholas Higgs is a former businessman and previous chairman of Bristol Rovers Football Club. He became chairman of the football club in August 2008, when he replaced Ron Craig, and stepped down in 2016.

Meredith

Meredith is a mostly female given name, though a few males have the name. Meredith is a Welsh name. People named "Meredith" include Meredith Baxter and Meredith Vieira. Fictional Merediths include Meredith Gordon in the TV series "Heroes".The name Meredith has been used in literature, music, and film. In literature, the name has been used in works such as "The Merry Wives of Windsor" by William Shakespeare and "The Eustace Diamonds" by Anthony Trollope. In music, the name has been used in songs such as "Meredith" by The Goo Goo Dolls and "Meredith" by The Sisters of Mercy. In film, the name has been used in movies such as "The Parent Trap" and "The Stepford Wives." The pronunciation of the name is [ mer-i-dith ]. This name was ranked #570 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


John Ward

John Ward (born 7 April 1951) is an English football manager and retired player.

Bristol City

Cheltenham Town

Individual

Storm of Love

Sturm der Liebe (English: "Storm of Love") is a German television soap opera. It is set in a hotel in Bavaria. It started on 2005 in Das Erste.

Bristol Rugby

Bristol Rugby are a rugby club based in Bristol, England who play in the RFU Championship. Their greatest success was winning the John Player Cup in 1983, which was at the time the sole national competition in English rugby.

English Premiership (rugby union)

The English Premiership is a professional league competition for rugby union clubs in the top division of the English rugby union system. It is currently known as the Gallagher Premiership because of the league's sponsorship by Authur J. Gallagher & Co.

Courage League
Allied Dunbar Premiership
Zurich Premiership
Guinness Premiership
Aviva Premiership

David Julián Levecq Vives

David Julián Levecq Vives (born March 16, 1981 in Béziers, France) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is an S10 type swimmer. In 2012, he lived in San Cugat del Vallés, Barcelona. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle and the 100 meter freestyle. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 100 meter butterfly. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

Gabriele Ferzetti

Gabriele Ferzetti (born Pasquale Ferzetti; 17 March 1925 – 2 December 2015) was an Italian actor. He has appeared in over 160 movies and television programs. His career was at its peak in the 1950s and 1960s. He was known for his roles in "Lo Zappatore", "Puccini", "Casa Ricordi", "", "On Her Majesty's Secret Service", and in "Once Upon a Time in the West". 

Ferzetti was born on 17 March 1925 in Rome, Italy. He died in Rome on 2 December 2015 at the age of 90.

Bath Rugby

Bath Rugby are a rugby club based in Bath, England who play in the Aviva Premiership. The club were a major force in English rugby during the '80s and '90s where they regularly won both league and cup competitions. Their greatest achievement however came when they won the Heineken Cup in 1998.

Bath are also one of only four teams (along with Gloucester, Leicester and Wasps) never to have been relegated from the top flight.

Exeter Chiefs

Exeter Chiefs are a rugby club based in Exeter, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

Gloucester Rugby

Gloucester Rugby are a rugby union club based in Gloucester, England who play in the Aviva Premiership. They are known as the 'Cherry and Whites' in reference to their traditional red and white hooped shirts.

Gloucester's fiercest rivals are Bath, Bristol and Worcester with matches between the three being referred to as west country derbies.

Centralism

Centralism is an idea on how to organize a state or government. The idea is to focus this organization under a single government instead of using many local government bodies. In many cases, this makes communication easier. An organization that is an example for centralism is the Roman Catholic Church.


Wasps RFC

Wasps are an English rugby club historically based in London, but playing home games in Coventry, who play in the Aviva Premiership.

Formed in 1867 at the now defunct Eton and Middlesex Tavern, Wasps had been, before their December 2014 move to Coventry, London's most successful club with six championships and two Heineken Cups.

The club have not played their home games in London proper since 2002. They first moved to Adams Park in High Wycombe, but were unable to expand the stadium to meet their needs. In late 2014, they bought Ricoh Arena in Coventry, and moved their home matches there in December 2014. 

Sale Sharks

Sale Sharks are a rugby club based in Manchester, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

The club, originally based at Heywood Road in Sale, share the Salford City Stadium with the Salford City Reds.

The Sharks won the Aviva Premiership in 2006.

Leicester Tigers

Leicester Tigers are a rugby union club based in Leicester, England who play in the Aviva Premiership. They are the most successful English club with a record 10 championships and are the current champions.

The 'Tigers' are one of only four teams (along with Gloucester, Bath and Wasps) never to have been relegated from the top flight and are also the most successful English side in Europe having made five Heineken Cup finals, winning back to back titles in 2001 and 2002.

London Irish

London Irish are a rugby club based in Sunbury, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

Saracens F.C.

Saracens are a rugby club based in London, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

Newcastle Falcons

Newcastle Falcons (formerly Gosforth/Newcastle Gosforth) are a rugby club based in Newcastle, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

The club was formed in 1877 as Gosforth Football Club and were well known for their successes in cup competition. The advent of League rugby saw their first name change to Newcastle Gosforth as well as a move to the Kingston Park stadium. At the start of the professional era the club adopted its current name of Newcastle Falcons and in 1998 they won the Premiership within a year of winning promotion from the second tier, a feat that has yet to be repeated.

Harlequin F.C.

Harlequins are a rugby club based in London, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

They are perhaps most well known for their distinctive multi-coloured shirts. The official colours are listed as: light blue, magenta, chocolate, French grey, light green and black.

Their ground is not far from Twickenham Stadium (The home of the RFU) which was also the venue where they became Aviva Premiership champions in 2012.

Northampton Saints

Northampton Saints are a rugby club based in Northampton, England who play in the Aviva Premiership. They play at Franklin Gardens.


Worcester Warriors

Worcester Warriors are a rugby club based in Worcester, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

Welford Road Stadium

Welford Road is a rugby union stadium in Leicester, England and is the home ground for Leicester Tigers.

Recreation Ground (Bath)

The Recreation Ground (commonly "the Rec") is a large open space in the centre of Bath, England used for recreational purposes by Bath residents and the public generally.


Adams Park

Adams Park is a football stadium in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. 


Kingston Park (stadium)

Kingston Park is a multi-purpose stadium in Kingston Park, Newcastle upon Tyne, England. It is used mostly for rugby union and rugby league matches. It is the home stadium of Premiership Rugby side Newcastle Falcons and Betfred Championship Rugby League side Newcastle Thunder.


Piano sonata

A piano sonata is a sonata written for a solo piano. Piano sonatas are usually written in three or four movements, with the first usually in sonata form.

Giulietta Guicciardi

Julie ("Giulietta") Guicciardi (23 November 1782 – 22 March 1856) was an Austrian countess. For a short time, she was a piano student of Ludwig van Beethoven. He dedicated his Piano Sonata No. 14 to her, which is now commonly known as the "Moonlight Sonata".

Julie Guicciardi, as she was called by her family, was born in Przemyśl, Galicia in 1782.

Musical composition

Musical composition can mean an original piece of music, the structure of a musical piece, or the process of making a new piece of music. A composition is a piece of music (the word "composition" means "putting together", so a composition is something where music notes have been put together). When a composer writes a piece of music he or she is making a musical composition.

The word "composition" can also mean learning the skill of how to compose. Music students may go to music college to study composition. They will do this by looking at famous pieces of music to see how the composers of the past wrote music. They will study musical form, harmony, orchestration, counterpoint and learn about all the instruments and how to write well for them so that it sounds nice.


H. Price McGrath

H. Price McGrath (1813-July 1881) was a "sporting-man" who opened the first gambling house in the American South, and bred the race horse, Aristides, the winner of the first Kentucky Derby in 1875.

McGrath was born in Versailles, Woodford County, Kentucky. His father was a tailor and taught his son the trade, but McGrath sought something more to his taste and became a card sharp.

He travelled about the American South and West. In 1852, he opened the first gambling house in the South, at New Orleans, Louisiana. He and his partners conducted pools, finally having to charge $10 a head to enter the house. With the wealth he accumulated, McGrath bought 500 acres near Lexington, Kentucky.

This land became one of the great stock farms in the United States and was called "McGrathiana". McGrath bred the race horse, Aristides, the winner of the first Kentucky Derby in 1875. McGrath lived like a lord, conducted his business honestly and openly, always backed his own horses, and died with an estate worth $200,000.


Piano Sonata No. 13 (Beethoven)

Piano Sonata No. 13 in E-flat major """", Op. 27, No. 1, is a sonata which was composed by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1800–1801.



Beethoven House

The Beethoven House (German: Beethoven-Haus) in Bonn, Germany, is a memorial site, museum and cultural institution serving various purposes. Founded in 1889 by the Beethoven-Haus association, it studies the life and work of composer Ludwig van Beethoven.


Francis Xavier

Saint Francis Xavier, S.J. (born Francisco de Jasso y Azpilicueta, 7 April 15063 December 1552) was a Spanish Jesuit. He was made a saint by the Catholic church. He is known for his travels to Asia, including Goa and Japan.


Mutopia Project

The Mutopia Project is a volunteer-run effort to create a library of free content sheet music, in a way similar to Project Gutenberg's library of public-domain books.



Muirfield

Muirfield is a golf course in East Lothian, Scotland, near Edinburgh. It is often used for The Open Championship.


Northern Catalonia

Northern Catalonia (, ) is a name that sometimes is used, mainly in Catalan writings, to refer to the territory given to France by Spain in 1659. The area corresponds approximately to the modern French "département" of the Pyrénées-Orientales.

The French name, "Catalogne Nord", is used nowadays, although less often than the more politically neutral Roussillon (in reference to the pre-Revolutionary province). Sometimes French Catalonia is also used.

Northern Catalonia forms a triangle between the Pyrenees to the south, the Corbières to the north-west and the Mediterranean Sea to the east. The Plain of Roussillon in the east, by far the area where more people live, is formed by the floodplains of the Tech, Têt and Agly rivers (). The districts of Vallespir and Conflent cover the upper valleys of the Tech and the Têt respectively. The mountain Le Canigou (), , dominates much of the territory.

The climate is of the Mediterranean type, with hot, dry summers and winters which are relatively mild, at least on the Roussillon plain where snow is rare.

More of a quarter of the population of Northern Catalonia is in the city of Perpignan (). Perpignan is the only important administrative and service centre. Roads and trains run north–south through Northern Catalonia between France and Spain.

French is the only official language in France as whole and in these municipalities. Catalan, in its Northern Catalan variety, is recognized as a regional language only by the region of Languedoc-Roussilon. It is estimated to be spoken by a quarter of the population, but understood by a higher percentage.

In 1700, the government of Louis XIV prohibited the use of the Catalan language in official documents.

In the 1950s, after centuries of being forbidden in education, the Catalan language was permitted to be studied for one hour per week in secondary school. In the 1970s, the Arrels Association and Bressola network of private schools started to offer complete bilingual French/Catalan classes from nursery up to secondary education.

On December 10, 2007, the General Council of the Pyrénées-Orientales recognized Catalan as one of the languages of the department, alongside French and Occitan (in Fenouillèdes), with the goal to further promote it in public life and education.


Coach (carriage)

A coach is a carriage pulled by two or more horses as a "team". It is driven by a coachman and/or one or more postilions. The carriage is usually closed (with a roof) and has four wheels.

 

WarioWare, Inc.: Mega Microgames!

WarioWare, Inc.: Mega Microgame$!, released in Japan as Made in Wario and in European regions as WarioWare, Inc.: Minigame Mania, is an action video game for the Game Boy Advance. It was developed and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on March 21, 2003, in Europe on May 23, 2003, in North America on May 26, 2003, and in Australia on June 6, 2003. It is the first game in the "WarioWare" series.

In this game, players play "microgames", small minigames that last for only a few seconds. In these games, the player has to figure out what to do to complete them. They are helped by a word or phrase that appears at the beginning of the game. Games can be things such as shooting targets, selecting a multiple choice answer, or surviving until the end. Players are given four lives. If the player runs out of lives, the game ends.

A remake, "WarioWare, Inc.: Mega Party Game$!", was released for the Nintendo GameCube in 2003.


The Flaming Lips

The Flaming Lips are an American rock band formed in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in 1983.




Daniel Llambrich Gabriel

Daniel Llambrich Gabriel (born March 14, 1975 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he has vision problems and is an S12/B2 type swimmer. His job in 2008 was working as a coupon seller. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 x 100 meter 49 points medley relay. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. 

Hector Lopéz Alonso

Hector Lopéz Alonso (born August 19, 1979 in Reinosa, Cantabria) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is an S2 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 50 meter backstroke race. 

Miguel Luque Avila

Miguel Luque Avila (born September 21, 1976 in Granollers, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is an S5 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the SB3 50 meter breaststroke. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the SB3 50 meter breaststroke. He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter men's 20 point medley relay. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the SB3 50 meter breaststroke. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the SB3 50 meter breaststroke. 

Stacy

Stacy (also Stacey) [ stey-see ] is a mostly female given name, but is used sometimes on males. Several celebrities use this name. They include Stacy Ferguson, Stacey Dash and Stacy London. Fictional people include Stacey Colbert, a character in the television show "Ned & Stacey". The meanings of this name are disputed. For girls, "Stacy" means "princess" in Greek. Stacy is a moniker with an extensive lineage, boasting a deep-rooted history and significance. The appellation Stacy is derived from the Greek name Eustace, signifying "fruitful" or "productive." During the medieval era, it was a prevalent name and bestowed upon boys as a symbol of their valor and fortitude. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Wilhelm Kempff

Wilhelm Walter Friedrich Kempff (25 November 1895 – 23 May 1991) was a German pianist and composer. Although his repertory included Bach, Liszt, Chopin, Schumann, and Brahms, Kempff was often well known for his interpretations of the music of Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Schubert, both of whose complete sonatas he also recorded.




José Antonio Mari Alcaraz

José Antonio Mari Alcaraz (born October 23, 1988 in Valencia) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is an S10 type swimmer. In 2012, he lived in San Cugat del Vallés, Barcelona. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 50 meter S10 freestyle race.

András Schiff

András Schiff (born 21 December 1953) is a Hungarian-born British classical pianist and conductor who has won a number of major awards. Since 2011, he has publically stated criticism of Hungarian government policies.


Courtney

Courtney is a given name. It is mostly used for females, but is sometimes used for males. The name is of Norman and Old French origin. It came to England in the late 1060s. The name became a given name during the 17th century.The name Courtney signifies “short nose”. While it can be used for either gender, it is more frequently utilized for girls. The name Courtney is associated with the French courtier, or court attendant, and has been in use since the 1960s. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

It was at first for males. Females did not start getting the name "Courtney" until after the 1956 publication of "Chocolates for Breakfast". That book is about a woman named Courtney who wishes she had been born male. Courtney is a somewhat common name. People named "Courtney" include Courteney Cox, Courtney Love and Courtney Thorne-Smith. Fictional characters with the name include Courtney Matthews in the ABC soap opera series "General Hospital".





The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians is an encyclopedic dictionary of music and musicians.



Fantasia (music)

The fantasia (from ; also , , ) is a musical composition with its style in the art of improvisation. Because of this, it rarely follows any rules of strict musical form (as with the impromptu).




Ludwig Rellstab

Heinrich Friedrich Ludwig Rellstab (13 April 1799 – 27 November 1860) was a German poet and music critic. He was born and died in Berlin. 

The first seven songs of Franz Schubert's "Schwanengesang" have words by Rellstab, who had left them in 1825 with Beethoven, whose assistant Anton Schindler passed them on to Schubert. His work was also set to music by Franz Liszt. 

He is also known to have given Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-sharp minor, Op. 27/2 its famous nickname "Moonlight Sonata".

Rjukan

Rjukan is a city in Norway. It is in the county of Telemark. The town had 3,386 people living there in January 2007. 

Between September and March, Rjukan is in the shadow of the mountains and does not get sunlight. 

The city lies in a narrow valley.

Rjukan became a city in 1996.

In 2013, large mirrors were placed on the mountainside to reflect the sun into the town square.


AgustaWestland

AgustaWestland is a British and Italian company. It designs and produces civilian and military helicopters. Factories are in Italy and the United Kingdom. The company's headquarters is in Samarate, in Lombardy, Italy.

AgustaWestland AW159 Wildcat

The AgustaWestland AW159 Wildcat is a modernized variant of the British helicopter Westland Lynx. Its first flight was in November 2009. It is built by AgustaWestland in Yeovil, Somerset. South Korea will in 2016 be the first foreign country to use the helicopter. In the UK it will be used by British Army and Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm.

Fleet Air Arm

Fleet Air Arm is the generic name of the British naval aviation, part of the Royal Navy. It has both airplanes and helicopters.


Axis of Advance

Axis of Advance was a Canadian black and death metal band from Edmonton, Alberta. 

The band was formed in 1998 and was formerly known as Sacramentary Abolishment. The band changed their name to Axis of Advance after drummer Paulus Kressman left the band. Axis of Advance was originally suppose to be the title of Sacramentary Abolishment's third album. The band considered J. Read to be a session member because they could not imagine anyone else drumming for them even though his drumming position was apparently permanent.

The band released their first EP, "Landline" in April 1999.

The band split up in 2008. Vermin joined J. Read's band Revenge to play session guitars afterwards and also played for Weapon for a little while.




Yakovlev Yak-42

Yakovlev Yak-42 (Russian: Яковлев Як-42; NATO reporting name: Clobber) is civilian aircraft designed and built in the USSR by Yakovlev. It was built between 1980 and 2003. It looks like the Boeing 727. It is a triple-turbojet airliner that can carry at least up to 120 passengers. 

It was mainly used by the Soviets and civilian companies in countries of the Warsaw Pact. Some Yak-42 were used in Africa and Asia. Russia and Ukraine had got some military aircrafts of this model.

W.I.T.C.H.

W.I.T.C.H. is a French-American-Australian animated television series. It is based on the Italian comic book series of the same name, which was created by Gary Tomlin and Elisabetta Gnone. It is a fantasy anime series about a girl that can use magic.

Juan Martínez Martin

Juan Martínez Martin (born November 25, 1980 in Granada) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability and is T46 type athlete. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished second in the 4 X 400 meter T42-T46 relay.

Shakespeare authorship question

Some people say that some of the works attributed to William Shakespeare of Stratford-upon-Avon were not actually written by him. The scientific argument behind this claim is known as the Shakespeare authorship question. "Anti-Stratfordians" say Shakespeare of Stratford was a fake name to hide the identity of the real author or authors. These authors did not want their real names to become public, for various resons. Although the idea has attracted much public interest, all but a few Shakespeare scholars and literary historians consider it a conspiracy theory and for the most part acknowledge it only to rebut or disparage the claims, for example James Shapiro wrote a book arguing that Shakespeare was the person who wrote Shakespeare’s plays.

Shakespeare's authorship was first questioned in the middle of the 19th century. At that time the idea that Shakespeare was the greatest writer of all time had become widespread. Shakespeare had a simple background, and many details of his life are unknown. Those that are known do not necessarily support his authorship. These facts seemed to be incompatible with his poetic eminence and his reputation for genius. Some people suspected that Shakespeare might not have written the works attributed to him. The controversy has since spawned a vast body of literature, and 80 authorship candidates have been proposed, including those most studied, Francis Bacon, the 6th Earl of Derby, Christopher Marlowe, and the 17th Earl of Oxford.

Some Anti-Stratfordians say William Shakespeare lacked the education, aristocratic sensibility, or familiarity with the royal court. They also say that these characteristics can be found in his works. Those Shakespeare scholars who have responded to such claims hold that biographical interpretations of literature are unreliable in attributing authorship, and that the convergence of documentary evidence used to support Shakespeare's authorship—title pages, testimony by other contemporary poets and historians, and official records—is the same used for all other authorial attributions of his era. No such direct evidence exists for any other candidate, and Shakespeare's authorship was not questioned during his lifetime or for centuries after his death.

Despite the scholarly consensus, a relatively small but highly visible and diverse assortment of supporters, including prominent public figures, have questioned the conventional attribution. They work for acknowledgment of the authorship question as a legitimate field of scholarly inquiry and for acceptance of one or another of the various authorship candidates.

Antonio Martorell Sastre

Daniel Llambrich Gabriel (born December 8, 1978 in Inca, Balearic Islands) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he is an S9 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 x 100 freestyle 34 points relay. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. 

Västra Götaland County

Västra Götaland County () is a county in southern Sweden, with the seat in Gothenburg. It was established on 1 January 1998, as a merger out of former Gothenburg and Bohus County, Skaraborg County and Älvsborg County. 

Counties of Sweden

The Counties of Sweden () are regional administrative level in Sweden. There are 21 counties in Sweden. The concept was created in 1634 on the initiative of Count Axel Oxenstierna. Each county has an own governor. Some people want to see the counties being replaced with regions.

With county codes, official until 1974.

Municipalities of Sweden

The municipalities of Sweden () are the local government units of Sweden. There are 290 municipalities in Sweden. The municipalities are responsible for many social issues, like schools, kindergartens and the care for older and disabled people.

Since 1971, all of Sweden is divided into the same kind of local government units, municipalities. The old town concept was abolished, even if the word town is still in use in everyday language.

Esther Morales Fernández

Esther Morales Fernández (born August 9, 1985 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a physical disability: she is an S10 type swimmer. In 2012, she lived in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 50 meter freestyle and the 100 meter backstroke. She raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 100 meter backstroke. She raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She, Sarai Gascón Moreno, Teresa Perales and Isabel Yingüa Hernández finished fourth in the 4x100 meter freestyle relay event.

At the 2009 IPC European Swimming Championship in Reykjavik, Iceland, Sarai Gascón Moreno, Ana Rubio, Esther Morales and Julia Castelló won a bronze medal in the 4x100 meter medley relay. In 2010, she competed at the Tenerife International Open. Before the 2010 Adapted Swimming World Championship in the Netherlands, she went to a swimming camp with the national team that was part of the Paralympic High Performance Program (HARP Program).

Nitrogen narcosis

Nitrogen narcosis is a problem for underwater divers. It affects the brain and nervous system a lot like alcohol, but goes away when the diver rises to a shallower depth. It does not have lasting effects after the depth is reduced.

Any underwater diver who goes deeper than 30 m (100 ft)while breathing air, or any time when the pressure of nitrogen in the breathing gas is more than about 3,2 bar.

It only happens when the pressure of nitrogen is high. If the pressure is kept low by staying at a shallower depth it will not happen. If the breathing gas has less nitrogen it will only start at a deeper depth. Helium gas can be used in place of nitrogen in breathing gas for divers to make it less likely to have nitrogen narcosis.

The nitrogen gas dissolved in the diver affects the working of nerve cells. At higher pressures more nitrogen can be dissolved.

It starts off as a mild effect like being slightly drunk, but as the pressure increases it gets more serious, like getting more drunk. Eventually the diver may lose consciousness.

A diver who has nitrogen narcosis will have slower reactions and may not think clearly. If something goes wrong the diver may not be able to cope with the problem. This can be dangerous.

The diver can move to a shallower depth or change to a different breathing gas with less nitrogen. This will usually be a mixture containing helium.

Jordi Morales García

Jordi Morales García (born November 17, 1985 in Esparreguera, Barcelona) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 7 player. He played table tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2004, he finished third in the Class 7 singles table tennis game. In 2012, he finished second in the Team Class 6-8 game.

Israel Oliver Peña

Israel Oliver Peña (born December 16, 1987 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he has vision problems and is an S12/B2 type swimmer. In 2012, he lived in Carrizal de Wit, Las Palmas, Canary Islands. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 x 100 meters 49 points medley relay. He finished third in the 100 meter Butterfly race. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

Richard Oribe Lumbreras

Richard Oribe Lumbreras (born February 22, 1974 in San Sebastian, Guipúzcoa) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is an S4 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 50 meter freestyle race, the 100 meter freestyle race and in the 200 meter freestyle race. He finished second in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points freestyle relay. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 50 meter freestyle race, the 200 meter freestyle race and the 4 x 50 meter 20 points freestyle relay. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 200 meter freestyle race. He finished third in the 100 meter freestyle race. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 200 meter freestyle race. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle race, the 100 meter freestyle race and the 4 x 50 meter 20 points freestyle relay. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 100 meter freestyle race. He finished third in the 200 meter freestyle race.

Before the 2010 Adapted Swimming World Championship in the Netherlands, he went to a swimming camp with the national team that was part of the Paralympic High Performance Program (HARP Program).


Manuel Jesus Panadero Falcon

Manuel Jesus Panadero Falcon (born January 28, 1973 in Valencia) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type player. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. 

Tomas Piñas Bermudez

Tomas Piñas Bermudez (born July 8, 1982 in Granada) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 3 player and competes while using a wheelchair. In 2012, he lived in Ogijares, Granada. He played table tennis at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2008, he finished third in the Class 3 singles table tennis game..

José Ramos Castillo

José Ramos Castillo (born December 24, 1974 in Castellon De La Plana, Castellón) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is an S7 type swimmer. In 2004, he lived in Artesa-onda, Castellón. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay. 

Begoña Reina López

Begoña Reina López (born March 14, 1975 in Zaragoza) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a physical disability and is an S9 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 100 meter breaststroke and the 4 x 100 meter 34 points medley relay.

European Rugby Champions Cup

The European Rugby Champions Cup is a major European rugby competition involving the leading clubs from England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, France and Italy. It began in the 1995–96 season as the Heineken Cup, with sponsorship from major brewery Heineken, and kept that name through the 2013–14 season. Disagreements between the leagues that sent teams to the competition led to the end of the Heineken Cup, with the Champions Cup taking its place starting in 2014–15.

Toulouse have won the competition a record four times, Leinster and Toulon three times, while Munster, Leicester Tigers and Wasps have won it twice each. Toulon are the only team to have won three times in a row, winning the last two Heineken Cups in 2013 and 2014 and the first Champions Cup in 2015. The current champions are Saracens.

Mireia Riera Casanovas

Mireia Riera Casanovas (born March 14, 1975 in Lloret de Mar, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a physical disability: she has cerebral palsy and is an S7 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the 100 meter freestyle race. She finished third in the 400 meter freestyle race. 

Funeral march

A funeral march ("Marche funèbre", "Trauermarsch") is a march, usually in a minor key, in a slow "simple duple" metre, creating the solemn pace of a funeral procession. Some such marches are often considered appropriate for use during funerals and other occasions, the most well-known being the third movement of Piano Sonata No. 2 by Frédéric Chopin. Handel uses the name dead march, also used for marches played by a military band at military funerals and executions.


Piano Sonata No. 2 (Chopin)

Frédéric Chopin's Piano Sonata No. 2 in B-flat minor, Op. 35, popularly known as The Funeral March, was completed in 1839 at Nohant, near Châteauroux in France. However, the third movement, whence comes the sonata's common nickname, had been composed as early as 1837.

The sonata comprises four movements:


Västernorrland County

Västernorrland County () is a county in northern Sweden, with the seat located in Härnösand. It was established in 1634. 


Västerbotten County

Västerbotten County () is a county in northern Sweden, with the seat located in Umeå. It was established in 1638. 


Norrbotten County

Norrbotten County () is a county in northern Sweden, with the seat located in Luleå. It was established in 1810. 

"Norrbotten:"

"Swedish Lapland:"

Jämtland County

Jämtland County () is a county in northern Sweden, with the seat located in Östersund. It was established in 1810. 


Gävleborg County

Gävleborg County () is a county in northern Sweden, with the seat located in Gävle. It was established in 1762. 


Gotland County

Gotland County () is a county in Sweden, on the Swedish Baltic Sea island of Gotland. The county seat is in Visby.


Gotland Municipality

Gotland Municipality () is a municipality in Sweden. It is on the island of Gotland. The seat is in Visby. Since 1971, the municipality covers all of Gotland County.


Jönköping Municipality

Jönköping Municipality () is a municipality in southern Sweden, in Jönköping County. The seat is in Jönköping. It was established in 1971.

The municipality includes the former administrative towns of Jönköping, Huskvarna, Gränna, and the former market town of Norrahammar.


Jönköping County

Jönköping County () is a county in southern Sweden, with the seat located in Jönköping. It was established in 1687. When Skaraborg County was disestablished in 1998, the municipalities of Habo and Mullsjö were merged into Jönköping County, following local 1997 referendums.

Härjedalen Municipality

Härjedalen Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Sveg. The municipality was established in 1974.


Sveg

Sveg is a town in the county of Jämtland in Sweden. It is the seat of Härjedalen Municipality.


Örebro County

Örebro County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat located in Örebro. It was established in 1779.


Värmland County

Värmland County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat in Karlstad. It was established in 1779.


Dalarna County

Dalarna County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat located in Falun. It was established in 1647 as Kopparberg County (), before changing the name in 1997.


Östergötland County

Östergötland County () is a county in southern Sweden, with the seat located in Linköping.


Kronoberg County

Kronoberg County () is a county in southern Sweden, with the seat located in Växjö. It was established in 1687.


Kalmar County

Kalmar County () is a county in southern Sweden, with the seat located in Kalmar.

Mainland Sweden:

Öland:

Västmanland County

Västmanland County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat located in Västerås. It was established in 1634.

Uppsala County

Uppsala County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat located in Uppsala. It was established in 1634.


Södermanland County

Södermanland County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat located in Nyköping. It was established in 1634.


Stockholm County

Stockholm County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat in Stockholm. It was established in 1714.

Blekinge County

Blekinge County () is a county in southern Sweden, with the seat located in Karlskrona. It was established in 1683.


Halland County

Halland County () is a county in southern Sweden, with the seat located in Halmstad. It was established in 1719.


Skåne County

Skåne County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat located in Malmö. It was established in 1997, as a merger out of former counties Kristianstad and Malmöhus.

Rollo

Rollo (–), also called Rolf (Hrolf) was a Viking leader. In 911 he was given lands around Rouen by the Frankish king Charles the Simple. He passed on his ever growing fief to his descendants, known as the counts and later dukes of Normandy. He was the first of the dynasty known as the House of Normandy.

Rollo might have been a son of Rognvald, earl of More (in present day Norway) and was a Viking raider in France. He probably also raided Scotland and Ireland. Rollo played a part in the Siege of Paris (885–86) and then captured Bayeux according to Dudo of Saint-Quentin. While Rollo was given lands around Rouen in 911 by the French king, Flodoard of Reims says that there were many bands of Northmen raiding in western France at the time. In his writing he paid more attention to another group of Vikings under a Ragenold. Flodoard had no way of knowing then that of all the Viking bands those under Rollo would grow to become the great duchy of Normandy.

In 918 King Charles and Rollo met on the border of the Vexin and Roumois. The Roumois was the name then for the province of which Rouen was the capital. In a charter the king confirmed to Rollo the city of Rouen. He also gave him all the territory west to the border of Brittany. By 924 Normandy was growing into a principality. It was at this time he acquired Bayeux and also Maine. Rollo appears in annals only here and there. He was fighting over the castle of Eu against King Raoul. He also came to the aid of King Charles the Simple against Herbert II of Vermandois. Rollo died about 928. He was succeeded by his son William Longsword.

Rollo's first wife was Poppa. Together they had:


Rollo's second wife was Gisela, daughter of Charles III the Simple, King of France. They had no children.

Meryem Sevin

Meryem Sevin (20 February 1960 – 28 October 2007) was a Turkish poet and lyricist.

Meryem Sevin was born in Eskişehir. Her poems were composed in Turkish art music tradition by many composers. She was awarded prizes by TRT and Milliyet in 1990 with her lyrics "Düşünürken Seni Yüzüm Gülüyor (Sarsam Diyorum)". She was a member of the Eskişehir Poetry Association.

She died on 28 October 2007 in Eskişehir after suffering for 1 year from illness. Her funeral was held at Ramazanoğlu Mosque and buried in Alpu, Eskişehir on 29 October 2007.

She was married with conductor and singer Ata Sevin and had a child.

Felicia

Felicia is a female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [fuh-lish-uh, -lish-ee-uh, -lee-shuh, -lis-ee-uh]. It is taken from the masculine name Felix. It means "happy" or "happy times". The use of "Felicia" as a female given name began in post-Classical times and has uncertain origins. The name is associated with animals, saints, poets and fictional characters.This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

The name has been used for several Pacific tropical cyclones.


Mitochondrion (band)

Mitochondrion is a Canadian death and black metal band from Victoria, British Columbia. 

The band was formed in 2003 and released a self-titled demo in 2005 and released a second demo titled "Through Cosmic Gaze" in 2006.

The band released their first full-length album titled "Archaeaeon" in 2008 and their second full-length album titled "Parasignosis" in 2011. Both of their full-length album were released through Profound Lore Records.





Gramophone (magazine)

Gramophone is a magazine published monthly in London by Haymarket for classical music, particularly recordings. It was started in 1923 by the Scottish author Compton Mackenzie. The magazine presents the Gramophone Awards each year to the classical recordings which it considers the best in a variety of categories. 

In the title bar of its website, "Gramophone" says they are "The world's authority on classical music since 1923." This used to appear on the front cover of every issue, although recent editions have changed the wording to "The world's best classical music reviews." 


Compton Mackenzie

Sir Compton Mackenzie, OBE (; 17 January 1883 – 30 November 1972) was a prolific writer of fiction, biography, histories, and memoir, as well as a cultural commentator, raconteur, and lifelong Scottish nationalist. He was one of the co-founders in 1928 of the Scottish National Party along with Hugh MacDiarmid, RB Cunninghame Graham and John MacCormick.


Paul Bekker

Paul Bekker (September 11, 1882, Berlin – March 7, 1937, New York) was one of the most influential German music critics of the 20th century.

The music library of Yale University houses the "Paul Bekker Collection", which has many letters, documents, receipts, photographs, printed scores and other forms of miscellany, some of which have great historical and musicological value.


Musopen

Musopen is an online library of public domain music recordings and sheet music, launched by Aaron Dunn in 2005. It aims to "set music free" through providing music to the public free of charge, without copyright restrictions.

In 2008, Musopen released newly-commissioned recordings of the 32 Beethoven piano sonatas into the public domain.


Maynard Solomon

Maynard Elliott Solomon (January 5, 1930 – September 28, 2020) was an American writer and a music producer. He was a co-founder of Vanguard Records, and later became a writer on music.

Maynard Solomon started Vanguard Records with his brother Seymour Solomon, in 1950. The label was popular for folk music and blues for the next fifteen years. As well as producing many albums, he wrote many liner notes.

Solomon won the rights to record and release music from the Newport Folk Festival. This meant he could release recordings by artists who had not actually signed with Vanguard. At this time, Elektra was the main label for folk artists. Their singers, Phil Ochs and Judy Collins, were recorded at Newport, as was a Columbia artist, Bob Dylan.

In 1960, he signed Joan Baez. In the late 60's Vanguard had some success with rock artists, One of these was Country Joe and the Fish (today usually called Country Joe McDonald).

Solomon died on September 28, 2020 at his home in Manhattan from dementia with Lewy bodies, aged 90.




International Music Score Library Project

The International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP), also known as the Petrucci Music Library after publisher Ottaviano Petrucci, is a project for the creation of a virtual library of public domain music scores, based on wikis.

IMSLP states on its site
that it is owned by Project Petrucci LLC. Physical contact information is provided, listing only an address in the United States.



Jacobs School of Music

The Jacobs School of Music of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana, is a music conservatory started in 1921. Until 2005, it was known as the Indiana University School of Music. It has more than 1,600 students, approximately half of whom are undergraduates, with the second largest enrollment of all music schools as said by the National Association of Schools of Music.


Catch (baseball)

In baseball, a catch occurs when a fielder gains possession of a batted ball in flight, and keeps possession until he purposefully or accidentally releases the ball.

Nefastus Dies

Nefastus Dies is a Canadian black and death metal band from Montreal, Quebec. 

The band was formed in 2005 and released a demo in 2005 titled "Prelude". The band went on a promotional tour across Ontario & Quebec from January 11 to 19, 2006. They recorded their first full-length album titled "Urban Cancer" in 2006. They released the album on June 10, 2008 through Candlelight USA. The band then released their second demo titled "Interlude" in 2009 which was an independent internet only release.

The Metal Observer rated "Prelude" a 9.5 out of 10.





Manuel Robles (table tennis)

Manuel Robles Aguila (born March 6, 1959 in Monachil, Granada) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 5 player. He played table tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, 2000 Summer Paralympics and 2004 Summer Paralympics. In 2000, he finished third in the Open 1-5 Singles table tennis game.

Sebastián Rodríguez Veloso

Sebastian Rodríguez Veloso (born February 27, 1957 in Cadiz) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a physical disability and is an S5 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 50 meter freestyle race, the 4 x 50 meter 20 points freestyle relay, the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay and the 100 meter freestyle race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 50 meter freestyle race and the 100 meter freestyle race. He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points freestyle relay. He finished third in the 50 meter freestyle race and the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle race. He finished third in the 100 meter freestyle race. 

José Manuel Ruiz Reyes

José Manuel Ruiz Reyes (born July 16, 1978 in Granada) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 10 player. He played table tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2000, he finished second in the men's class 6-10 singles open and third in the Class 10 team. In 2008, he finished second in the Team Class 9-10 game. In 2012, he finished third in the Team Class 9-10 game.

Habo

Habo is a locality, and the seat of Habo Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden.

Mullsjö

Mullsjö is a locality, and the seat of Mullsjö Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden.

Habo Municipality

Habo Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Habo. When Skaraborg County was disestablished in 1998, the municipalities of Habo and Mullsjö were merged into Jönköping County, following local 1997 referendums.


Mullsjö Municipality

Mullsjö Municipality (, "Mullsjö kommun") is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Mullsjö. When Skaraborg County was disestablished in 1998, the municipalities of Habo and Mullsjö were merged into Jönköping County, following local 1997 referendums.


Bankeryd

Bankeryd is a locality in Jönköping Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden.

Hjo Municipality

Hjo Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Hjo.


Ovanåker

Ovanåker is a locality in Ovanåker Municipality in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden.

Ovanåker Municipality

Ovanåker Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Edsbyn.


Pablo Saavedra Reinado

Pablo Saavedra Reinado (born January 29, 1975 in Pontevedra) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S9 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in 4 x 100 meter 34 point freestyle relay race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. 

Juan Antonio Saavedra Reinaldo

Juan Antonio Saavedra Reinaldo (born November 21, 1973 in Pontevedra) is a shooter from Spain. He has a disability and is an SH1-SH2 type shooter. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2012, he finished second in the Free rifle lying R6, Mixed gender SH1 event. 

Tidaholm Municipality

Tidaholm Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tidaholm.


Falköping Municipality

Falköping Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Falköping.


Ulricehamn Municipality

Ulricehamn Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Ulricehamn.


Raquel Saavedra Salvador

Raquel Saavedra Salvador (born May 11, 1981 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a vision impairment and is an S11/B1 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 100 meter backstroke. She finished third in the 4 x 100 meter 49 points medley relay race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 100 meter backstroke. 

Stepper motor

A stepper motor is an electric motor that is able to create sharp movements. It is used, for example, in printers. They are also commonly found in robots, automotive devices, and computer hard drives. Like other electric motors, they need an electrical circuit to work. Typically they have more than two wires to control them. There are several versions of stepper motors and several ways to drive them.

DC motors can be considered using two general categories, stepper motors and servo motors.
Servo motors needs a continuous feedback of position to control the state of the motor in order to give the motor specific or desired speed or position. These types of stepper motor are usually more expensive because they required additional circuitry to acquire this constant positional feedback.
The other type of generalized motor is called a stepper motor. This stepper motor is commonly used for simple experiments because it is inexpensive. It doesn't require the position of the motor to be known, hence it won't require additional circuitry. A stepper motor turns to a specific positions in using a constant sequence. This sequence can be achieved in multiple ways.
Full stepping, half stepping, and micro stepping are ways to achieve a sequence of steps from the motor. 
Full stepping with a two phase motor calls for two coils to be alternated simultaneously. This form of stepping will allow the motor to spin, but the angle of that spin will be based upon the step angle. The step angle is equal to the 360 degrees divided by the steps per revolutions. The steps per revolutions are found by the number phases on the stator times the number of permanent magnets available to the motor. 


Askersund Municipality

Askersund Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Askersund.


Alejandro Sanchez Palomero

Alejandro Sanchez Palomero (born November 6, 1986) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S8 type swimmer. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 100 meter S8 breaststroke. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

Vänersborg Municipality

Vänersborg Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Vänersborg.


José Fernando Sardina Santiago

José Fernando Sardina Santiago (born September 16, 1970 in Brañosera, Palencia) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B2 type player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. 

Francisco Segarra Simon

Francisco Segarra Simon (born February 27, 1976 in Granollers, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a vision problem and is an S12 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 400 meter freestyle race and the 100 meter backstroke race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 x 100 meter relay medley 49 points race and the 100 meter backstroke race. 

Santiago Jose Sanz Quinto

Santiago Jose Sanz Quinto (born October 22, 1969 in Albatera, Alicante) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: He is a T52 type athlete. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics and the 2008 Summer Paralympics. In 2000, he finished second in the 5,000 meter race and third in the 800 meter race. In 2004, he finished second in the 1,500 meter race and third in the 5,000 meter race. 

Älvkarleby Municipality

Älvkarleby Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Skutskär.


Trollhättan Municipality

Trollhättan Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Trollhättan.


Mariestad Municipality

Mariestad Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Mariestad.


Skövde Municipality

Skövde Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Skövde.


Skara Municipality

Skara Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Skara.


Jaime Serrano Alonso

Jaime Serrano Alonso (born April 30, 1979 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S9 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 400 meter freestyle race. He finished second in the 200 meter individual medley race.

Óscar Serrano González

Óscar Serrano González (born October 12, 1973 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a vision problem, and he is a T12/B2 type athlete. He competed the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the T12 1,500 meter race.

Francisco Ángel Soriano San Martin

Francisco Ángel Soriano San Martin (born March 28, 1949 in Las Tejeras-Langreo, Asturias) is a shooter from Spain. He has a disability and is an SH1 type shooter. He was injured in an accident at work. Because of the accident, he uses a wheelchair. In 2012, he was retired and a pensioner. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 1996, he finished first in the Free Pistol .50 P4, Mixed SH1 competition. In 2000, he finished third in the Free Pistol .50 P4, Mixed SH1 competition.

Samuel Soler Martin

Samuel Soler Martin (born May 18, 1979 in Plasencia, Cáceres) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is an S3 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 200 meter freestyle race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. 

Last Vegas

Last Vegas is a 2013 American comedy movie. It was released in autumn 2013 in the United States. The movie is about four old friends in their sixties who throw a bachelor party for the last one of them being married. Michael Douglas stars as Billy, Robert De Niro is Paddy and Mary Steenburgen is Diana. 50 Cent, Morgan Freeman, and Kevin Kline also appear in this movie.

Blood donation

Blood donation is when a person voluntarily gives blood, which can be used for blood transfusions or to make certain drugs. Blood banks store this blood. The blood can be used to help the victims of accidents, for example. Usually, the blood donor and the donated blood are tested for diseases which spread through the blood. These include various forms of Hepatitis, HIV, Haemophilia and Syphilis. Usually, a series of questions also need to be answered to make sure that there is no risk to the person donating. 

A special case occurs before some medical operations. People donate their own blood, which can be used if they lose a lot of blood during surgery.

There are certain conditions on the people who can donate blood. Some of them vary by country, others are the same in most countries



In general, those donating blood need to be healthy. 


Laura Tramuns Tripiana

Laura Tramuns Tripiana (born February 19, 1970 in Badalona, Barcelona) is a swimmer and track and field athlete from Spain. She has a physical disability and is a S8/T46 type athlete. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and 2000 Summer Paralympics in swimming. In 1996, she finished second in the 100 meter breaststroke race.

Daniel Vidal Fuster

Daniel Vidal Fuster (born December 30, 1975 in Burriana, Castellón) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S6 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 50 meter butterfly race, the 4 x 50 meter medley relay and the 4 x 50 meter freestyle relay race. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 50 meter freestyle race. He finished third in the 50 meter butterfly race and the 4 x 50 meter medley relay. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 x 50 meter freestyle relay race. He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter medley relay. He finished fourth in the 50 meter freestyle race. He finished fifth in the 50 meter butterfly race.

At the 2009 IPC European Swimming Championship in Reykjavik, Iceland, he finished in the top three in at least one of his races. In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open.

Silvia Vives Montlleó

Silvia Vives Montlleó (born August 17, 1974 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability and is an S8 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the 100 meter butterfly race and the 100 meter backstroke race. She finished third in the 4 x 100 meter 34 points medley relay and the 200 meter individual medley. 

Ricardo Ten Argiles

Ricardo Ten Argiles (born August 11, 1975 in Valencia) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S5 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 1996, he finished second in the 100 meter breaststroke and third in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay race. In 2000, he finished first in the 100 meter breaststroke and first in the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay race. In 2008, he finished first in the 100 meter breaststroke. In 2012, he finished third in the 100 meter breaststroke. 

Enrique Tornero Hernandez

Enrique Tornero Hernandez (born May 30, 1980 in Plasencia, Cáceres) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S9 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 400 meter freestyle race. He finished third in the 4 x 100 meter 34 points freestyle relay. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 400 meter freestyle race. 

Vicente Javier Torres Ramis

Vicente Javier Torres Ramis (born June 14, 1974 in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S5 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 1996, he finished first in the 150 meter individual medley, second in the 4 x 50 meters 20 point freestyle relay and third in the 4 x 50 meters 20 point medley relay. In 2000, he finished first in the 150 meter individual medley, in the 4 x 50 meters 20 point freestyle relay and in the 4 x 50 meters 20 point medley relay. In 2000, he finished third in the 50 meter breaststroke. In 2004, he finished second in the 150 meter individual medley and third in the 4 x 50 meters 20 point medley relay. In 2008, he finished second in the 150 meter individual medley. 

In 2010, he raced at the Tenerife International Open. Before the 2010 Adapted Swimming World Championship in the Netherlands, he went to a swimming camp with the national team that was part of the Paralympic High Performance Program (HARP Program).


Álvaro Valera Muñoz-Vargas

Alvaro Valera Muñoz-Vargas (born October 16, 1982 in Seville) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 3 player and competes while using a wheelchair. In 2012, he lived in Madrid. He played table tennis at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics, 2012 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2008, he finished third in the Class 3 singles table tennis game. In 2008, he finished third in the Class 7 men's singles. In 2012, he finished second in the Class 6 men's singles and in the Team Class 6-8 game.

Afrikan tähti

Afrikan tähti is a popular Finnish board game. It was designed by Kari Mannerla. It has been produced since 1951.
Afrikan tähti has remained one of the most sold board games in Finland for 65 years. During this time it has been translated to over 16 languages. It is most popular in the Nordic countries, where it became widely marketed in Sweden, Norway and Denmark in 1960. In Sweden the game is called Den Försvunna Diamanten, in Norway Den Forsvunne Diamanten (both meaning "The Lost [or, Vanished] Diamond") and in Denmark Afrikas Stjerne (Star of Africa). In Finland over two million games have been sold, in Sweden and Norway almost one million and in Denmark half a million. There are over 4.5 million sold games internationally. During his retirement years Kari Mannerla revived one of his old creations Inkan Aarre in a completely modified version. Inkan Aarre has sold over 100,000 in Finland.

Face detection

Face detection is a computer technology that identifies a person by the features on their face.

Leylâ Erbil

Leyla Erbil () (12 January 1931, Istanbul – 19 July 2013, Istanbul) was a Turkish novelist and story-writer.

Leylâ Erbil was born in Istanbul. She completed her high school education in Istanbul and he was admitted to Istanbul University Department of English Language and Literature. She was married at her last year in school and didn't graduated from university. She lived in Ankara and Izmir, and returned Istanbul in 1961.

She started her writing career as a story-writer. After 1971, she also wrote novels.

Leylâ Erbil was a co-founder of the Union of Artists of Turkey and the Writers Syndicate of Turkey. She was a member of the PEN International and the Workers' Party of Turkey.

She died in Or-Ahayim Balat Hospital, Fatih, Istanbul on 19 July 2013.

Enrique Agudo Camacho

Enrique Agudo Camacho (born January 1, 1967 in Tarragona) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 10 player. He played table tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, 2000 Summer Paralympics and 2004 Summer Paralympics. In 1996, he finished third in the men's Class 10 singles event. In 2000, he finished third in the Class 10 doubles event.

Eurocopter EC130

The Eurocopter EC130 is a civilian helicopter designed and built in France. It is the latest model in the Ecureuil series. It was designed at the beginning like "AS-350B4", but was later named EC130B4. It is a single-turboshaft helicopter built entirely of metal. Some are used by U.S. police services. 

Damascus Gate

The Damascus Gate (, "Sha'ar Sh'khem" means Nablus Gate; and , "Bab al-Amud", means the Gate of the Column) is the oldest gate of the of the Old City of Jerusalem. It was built in 1538 on a Roman gate that built before it. Inside the Old City, there was a round square before the gate with the Roman pillar that was the Kilometer Zero mark for measurements from Jerusalem to other cities. The pillar was destroyed and never found. But the Roman square with the gate was founded under the Damascus Gate. After the British Mandate of Palestine, the new Kilometer Zero was moved to the nearby Jaffa Gate. An ancient cave called Zedekiah's Cave is near the entrance to the gate. In the 2000s, a new amphitheater was built outside the entrance to the gate with 500 seats facing towards the front of the gate.


Mel Smith

Melvin Kenneth "Mel" Smith (3 December 1952 – 19 July 2013) was an English comedian, writer, movie director, producer and actor. He was best known for his work on the sketch comedy shows "Not the Nine O'Clock News" and "Alas Smith and Jones" along with his comedy partner Griff Rhys Jones.

Smith was born on 3 December 1952 in Chiswick, Middlesex, England. He studied at Hogarth Primary School, Chiswick and at Latymer Upper School. He went on to study experimental psychology at New College, Oxford. Smith died on 19 July 2013 from a heart attack in London, England, aged 60.




Agly

The Agly River (, ) is a river in southern France. It flows mostly to the southeast through the Plain of Roussillon, in the region of Occitanie. It ends in the Mediterranean Sea.

On its way to the Mediterranean Sea, it flows through the departments of Aude and Pyrénées-Orientales.

The Agly river is long. Its source is on the Pass of Linas, to the northeast of the Pech de Bugarach, the highest of the Corbières mountains, departments of Aude, at an elevation of .

It then goes into the Pyrénées-Orientales by the gorges of Galamus and flows into the Mediterranean Sea south of Barcarès.

There is a dam on the Agly river, on Caramany, Pyrénées-Orientales; it was built to prevent floods and to store water.

The Agly is a very irregular small river. Its flow was observed over a period of 42 years (1967-2008) in Estagel about twenty kilometers from its mouth and after receiving the waters of its tributary Verdouble.

The discharge of the river at this location is per second.

The Agly shows typical seasonal fluctuations like other small rivers in southern France. The highest levels of the river are in winter and spring, from December to May inclusive, with the highest level in February. They are followed by a rapid fall in the flow during the low water period that goes from late June to early October.

The Angly has 19 tributaries; the main ones are:




Mary of Bethany

Mary of Bethany is a person described in the Bible. She is the sister of Martha and Lazarus in the Gospels of the New Testament. She lived in the village of Bethany.


Russian State Library

The Russian State Library is the national library of Russia in Moscow. There is another library in Saint Petersburg named the National Library of Russia.


Helen Thomas

Helen Amelia Thomas (August 4, 1920 – July 20, 2013) was an American author and news service reporter. She was a member of the White House press corps and opinion columnist. Thomas was the first female White House press correspondent. 

Thomas was the only female print journalist to travel to China with President Richard Nixon during his historic trip in 1972. She traveled around the world several times with all U.S. Presidents since Richard Nixon. She covered every Economic Summit since 1975. 

Thomas worked up to the position of UPI's White House Bureau Chief, a post she would hold for over 25 years. While serving as White House Bureau Chief, she authored a regular column for UPI, "Backstairs at the White House." The column provided an insider's view of various presidential administrations.

Thomas was the only member of the White House Press Corps to have her own seat in the White House Briefing Room. All other seats are assigned to media outlets.

Thomas received numerous awards and more than 30 honorary degrees. In 1976, Thomas was named one of the "World Almanac's 25 Most Influential Women in America. 

In 1993, Thomas won the Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in Journalism.
In 1995 she received the Courage in Journalism Award.

In April 2012, Thomas received an award from the Palestine Liberation Organization. The award was presented by Hanan Ashrawi to "recognize Thomas' long career in the field of journalism, during which she defended the Palestinian position every step of the way."

Thomas was born on August 4, 1920 in Winchester, Kentucky. She is of Lebanese descent. Thomas was raised in Detroit, Michigan. She studied at Wayne University. Thomas was married to Douglas B. Cornell from 1971 until they divorced 1982. They had no children. Thomas died on July 20, 2013 in Washington, D.C. from natural causes, aged 92.


Eurocopter EC725 Caracal

The Eurocopter EC725 Caracal is a French and German military helicopter. It is built by Eurocopter. It is the last model of the Super Pumas series. This helicopter shares part of its avionics with EC225 Super Puma Mk-2.

All Eurocopter EC725 Caracal had got a Forward Looking Infra-Red (or FLIR) at the forward fuselage. It is like a ball. Some helicopters, like French ones, can be refueled in flight. Most have a gundoor, generally one or two 7.62mm– or 12.7mm–calibre machine gun.

In 2013, the countries that use this helicopter are Brazil, France, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Mexico, and Thailand.

In France Eurocopter EC725 Caracal is mainly used to transport special forces, like in Brazil. It was used in the Afghanistan War and in Mali by the French. Some of their helicopters were used in January 2013 for an operation of the French special forces and DGSE's agents in Somalia.


Bethany

Bethany is a place mentioned in the New Testament of the Bible. It was a village near Jerusalem. It is now in the West Bank, and is often thought to be the modern-day town of al-Eizariya. It is also a girl's name meaning 'house of figs'.


National library

A national library is a library that is established to serve a country or a nation. Sometimes national libraries are dedicated to one subject and sometimes they are divided into several buildings.

Listed according to the alphabetical order of the countries, the national libraries are located in:


Directorate-General for External Security

The Direction générale de la Sécurité extérieure or DGSE is the French intelligence agency. It is a military organisation. Its headquarters is in Paris, on the Boulevard Mortier.

Templer architecture

Templer architecture was a style of architecture that was designed by the German Templers. The Templers were a group of religious believers that was a sect of the German Protestant church. They built communities in Palestine in the 19th and 20th centuries.


Header file

In computer programming, a header file can be thought of as a dictionary a compiler uses if it comes across a word it does not understand. Mainly programming languages like C and C++ use this.

As you may know, a computer is really powerful. But it lacks the power to think and learn. As a result, a computer has to be fed each and every instruction for a task you may want done. But it is not practical to type in each and every instruction again and again for a task, especially if you tend to use it a lot. As a solution to this, header files are used. For example, consider the word "cout" which is used by C++ to display outputs on the screen. The computer, however, does not know what "cout" is. So, it checks if "cout" exists in a dictionary file (i.e. the header file) that has been mentioned by the programmer. If it finds what to do when someone says "cout", the program will be compiled properly. Otherwise, it will simply result in an error that so-and-so word has not been understood by the compiler.
A HEADER FILE IN C++ CONTAINS:

Embraer Emb-314 Super Tucano

The Embraer Emb-314 Super Tucano is a modernized variant of the Emb-312 Tucano. It's used by US Air Force as Embraer A-29 as a light attack aircraft.

Embraer Emb-312 Tucano

The Embraer Emb-312 Tucano is a Brazilian single-turboprop military aircraft. Its cockpit has two seats. The Royal Air Force use Tucano built under licence by Shorts. More than 600 examples were built. Its main competitor is the Swiss Pilatus PC-9. 

Neiva T-25 Universal

The Neiva T-25 Universal is a Brazilian training military aircraft. It is a single-engine, twin-seat aircraft. Its first flight was in 1966, and 189 examples were built. It was flown in Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, and Paraguay.

Vaginal bleeding

Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the human vagina. That includes bleeding from either the vaginal wall itself or, more commonly, other areas of the female reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may happen at any age, although it always needs investigation if encountered in girls or women after menopause. If the condition happens in pregnancy, that could indicate a medical need which should be addressed.

Blue is the Warmest Colour

Blue is the Warmest Colour is a French drama movie about lesbianism. It was based on the 2010 French graphic novel "Blue Angel".

The protagonist is a fifteen-year-old girl. She wants to become a teacher. Her life gets turned upside down when she meets with a blue-haired art student attending a nearby college with whom she has a lesbian romance.

The movie was first shown at the Cannes Film Festival on May 23, 2013. It was released in other places later that year. The movie was rated NC-17 in the United States (no children 17 and under admitted) because of its sexual content, particularly on their showing of lesbian relationships which were controversial at the time.

Modularity theorem

In mathematics, the modularity theorem (which used to be called the Taniyama–Shimura–Weil conjecture and several related names) says that elliptic curves over the field of rational numbers are similar to modular forms.


Chloe

The name Chloe [ kloh-ee ] is a female given name. It is especially popular in United Kingdom. The name comes from the Greek word "khloē", one of many names of the Greek goddess Demeter. Chloe is a name that has been popular for baby girls for centuries and is renowned for its beauty. The name's Greek roots translate to "blooming" or "young green shoot," evoking imagery of growth and vitality. It is widely associated with elegance, charm, and feminine qualities. The name refers to young, green foliage. The name appears in New Testament. In Northern Ireland, "Chloe" was among the most popular names for babies between 1997 and 2002. 

People named "Chloe" include Chloë Moretz, Chloë Sevigny and Khloé Kardashian. Fictional Chloes include Chloe Sweeney, played by Amanda Seyfried in the 2009 movie "Chloe" , Chloe Pain and Chloe Ive.


Lillian

The name Lillian [ lil-ee-"uh"n ] is a female given name. It comes from the Latin word for "lily". Lillian is a name that has been well-liked for many years, and it has a neutral meaning that can be found in various cultures. The term Lillian comes from the Latin word "lilium," which refers to the flower lily. The lily is a stunning flower that is often linked with beauty, innocence, and purity. For parents seeking a traditional and sophisticated name for their child, Lillian is a frequently chosen option. Some people named "Lillian" are Princess Lilian of Belgium and Lillian Disney, a widow of Walt Disney. Fictional characters include Queen Lilian in the Shrek movies. This name was ranked #51 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Uğur Yücel

Uğur Yücel (born 26 May 1957) is a Turkish actor, director, producer and screenwriter.

Uğur Yücel was born in Istanbul. He graduated from Istanbul Municipality Conservatory Department of Theatre. He worked in private theatres between 1975 and 1984. His first movie role is in "Aşık Oldum" (1985).

He is married with actress Derya Alabora and has a son.


Osman Cavcı

Osman Cavcı (born December 27, 1962) is a Turkish actor, director and screenwriter, who is known for his leading role in cult film "Zampara Seyfettin" (1995).

Osman Cavcı was born in Istanbul. His father is theater actor İsmail Cavcı. In 1972, Osman Cavcı started his acting career as a child actor at a theatre group in Izmir. After that he met with movie director Ertem Eğilmez and player his first movie role in "Hababam Sınıfı Güle Güle" (1981).


Kartal Tibet

Kartal Tibet (27 March 1938 – 1 July 2021) was a Turkish actor, director and screenwriter.

He played leading roles in movies as handsome young man. He is also known for his action movies, like "Karaoğlan" and "Tarkan" movie series. After his retirement from acting, he became a film director and screenwriter.

Tibet died on 1 July 2021 in Istanbul from kidney failure caused by COPD at the age of 83.


Soy milk maker

A soy milk maker is a home appliance which cooks soy milk, a type of drink made from soy beans. It works like a combination of a blender and a coffee maker. It can also be used to make almond milk, rice milk, and other vegetable-based drinks.

Eggo

Eggo is a brand of frozen waffles sold in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. It is owned by the Kellogg Company. There are several kinds of Eggo, including Homestyle, blueberry, strawberry, apple cinnamon, and chocolate chip. It was introduced in 1953. It is one of the largest frozen waffle companies in the United States.


Professional wrestling holds

In professional wrestling, a hold is any kind of move used by a performer to stop their opponent from being able to moving. The hold may lead to a submission from the opponent. Some examples of holds are the cloverleaf (a kind of leglock), the keylock (a kind of armlock), and the guillotine choke (a kind of necklock or choke).


Teredo tunneling

In computer networking, Teredo is a tunneling protocol used to give IPv6 connectivity to a computer with only an IPv4 connection. The IPv6 address block 2001:0::/32 is used with Teredo. Unlike similar protocols such as Protocol 41, Teredo works correctly if the IPv4 network has a network address translator (NAT). Teredo is available on Windows XP and later, and is enabled by default on Windows Vista to Windows 10 version 1709. It is also available on Linux and Unix, with a program called Miredo. Teredo was named after "Teredo navalis", commonly called a shipworm, which creates holes or tunnels in wooden ships.

A Teredo address might look like: 2001:0:4136:e378:8000:63bf:3fff:fdd2. This address has the Teredo server 65.54.227.120, the client IPv4 address 192.0.2.45, and the UDP port number 40000.

Stockholm Municipality

Stockholm Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Stockholm.


Karlstad Municipality

Karlstad Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Karlstad.


Halmstad Municipality

Halmstad Municipality () is a municipality in Halland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Halmstad.


Eskilstuna Municipality

Eskilstuna Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Eskilstuna.


Östersund Municipality

Östersund Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Östersund.


Umeå Municipality

Umeå Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Umeå.


Sundsvall Municipality

Sundsvall Municipality () is a municipality in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Sundsvall.


Örnsköldsvik Municipality

Örnsköldsvik Municipality () is a municipality in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Örnsköldsvik.


Oceanic whitetip shark

The oceanic whitetip shark ("Carcharhinus longimanus"), is a large species of requiem shark, in the genus "Carcharhinus". The oceanic whitetip shark reaches a maximum length of four metres, and can weigh as much as 170 kg (370 pounds). This species of shark can be distinguished by its large, rounded first dorsal fin, and its long, wide, paddle-like pectoral fins.

The oceanic whitetip shark should not be confused with the whitetip reef shark.

The oceanic whitetip shark is easy to distinguish. It has a large, rounded first dorsal fin, and very long, wide, paddle-like pectoral fins. The first dorsal fin is very large with a rounded tip, and is just in front of the pectoral fins. The second dorsal fin is located over, or slightly in front of, the anal fin. This species has a whitish-tipped first dorsal, pectoral fins, pelvic fins, and caudal fin. The underside of the body is white, with a yellow tinge on some individuals.

Oceanic whitetip sharks can grow to large sizes, with the largest individuals reaching 3.5–4 metres (12–13 feet) in length. However, most specimens are less than 3 metres (10 feet) in length. The maximum recorded weight for this species is 170 kg (370 pounds). Males mature at 1.7-1.9 metres (5.6-6.2 feet) in length, while females reach maturity at slightly longer sizes of 1.8–2 metres (5.9-6.6 feet).

In the western Atlantic, the oceanic whitetip shark is found from Maine, U.S.A to Argentina, including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean. In the eastern Atlantic it is found from Portugal to the Gulf of Guinea, possibly occurring in the Mediterranean. In the Indo-Pacific, it is found from the Red Sea and East Africa to the Hawaiian, Samoan, Tahiti and Tuamoto islands. In the eastern Pacific it ranges from southern California to Peru, including the Galapagos Islands.

This shark is usually seen well offshore in deep water areas up to the depth of 152 metres (500 feet). On occasion it has been seen in shallower waters near land, usually near oceanic islands. Captured data in the Pacific Ocean shows that the abundance of this shark increases along with the distance from land. It is one of the top three most abundant oceanic sharks, with the blue shark and the silky shark.

Although this shark is mainly solitary, the oceanic whitetip shark gathers in groups when food is present. It is a slow swimmer, with equal amount of activity during the day and night. Reports show that the oceanic whitetip shark is usually found near the surface, swimming slowly with its pectoral fins spread widely. Oceanic whitetip sharks are often accompanied by remoras, dolphinfish, and pilot fish. An unusual behaviour was once observed in Hawaiian waters. The oceanic whitetip sharks were shown swimming along with pods of shortfin pilot whales. This behaviour was not fully understood, but was thought to be food-related. The oceanic whitetip sharks were thought to have been swimming with the pilot whales because the pilot whales were better at finding squid which the sharks also eat.

The oceanic whitetip shark is mainly solitary and swims slowly, and is usually seen cruising near the top of the water column, covering large amounts of empty water, searching for prey or any food source. Until the 16th century, sharks were known to mariners as "sea dogs". The oceanic whitetip shark, the most common ship-following shark, shows dog-like behaviour when it is attracted by something which appears to be food. It starts swimming greedily towards the food source, approaches cautiously but stubbornly. It keeps a safe distance if driven off, but is ready to rush in if the opportunity presents itself. Oceanic whitetip sharks are not fast swimmers, but they are capable of surprising bursts of speed. They commonly compete for food with silky sharks, often presenting aggressive displays. There does not seem to be segregation by gender and size. Oceanic whitetip sharks usually follow schools of tuna or squid, and trail groups of dolphins and pilot whales, scavenging their prey.

The oceanic whitetip shark feeds mainly on bony fish, including lancetfish, oarfish, barracuda, jacks, dolphinfish, marlin, tuna, mackerels, and threadfins. Other prey consists of stingrays, sea turtles, sea birds, gastropods, squid, crustaceans, and mammalian carrion (dead whales and dolphins). Feeding behaviour has been reported for this shark and includes biting into schools of bony fish. It also swims through schools of feeding tuna with wide-open jaws, into which the tuna unknowingly swim. The oceanic whitetip shark has also been observed eating garbage that is disposed of at sea. If other species of sharks are encountered by the oceanic whitetip shark during feeding activities, the whitetip becomes aggressive and dominates over them.

In the north-western Atlantic and the south-western Indian Ocean, the oceanic whitetip shark has been known to mate during the early summer. After a gestation period lasting around 1 year, the females give birth to around 1-15 pups. The oceanic whitetip shark is viviparous, and both genders reach maturity around the ages of 6–7 years, with the females being at a length of 1.8–2 metres (5.9-6.6 feet), and the males being at a length of 1.7-1.9 metres (5.6-6.2 feet). The young are around 60–65 cm long at birth.

Oceanic whitetip sharks are usually caught by shark fisheries. The meat is marketed fresh, frozen, smoked, and dried-salted for human consumption, the skin is used for leather, the fins used in shark-fin soup, and the liver oil is used for vitamins. It is also processed into fishmeals. Tuna fishermen dislike the oceanic whitetip shark as it has been known to follow tuna boats and damage or consume catches. Although this species is usually seen offshore, it is considered to be dangerous. It is usually the first species to be seen in waters surrounding mid-ocean disasters. During World War II, the "Nova Scotia", a steamship, was sunk by torpedoes from a German submarine off the coast of South Africa. Close to 1,000 men were on board, however only 192 survived. It was believed that many of the fatalities were victims of the oceanic whitetip shark in what eyewitness accounts described as a feeding frenzy.

In encounters with divers, ocean whitetip sharks have shown little fear, and usually investigate and circle around the ongoing activities. Due to this shark's opportunistic feeding habits and strong jaws, as well as its boldness and unpredictability around divers, this shark should be treated with extreme caution. Many attacks are caused when divers accidentally bump into the shark.

Although this species is listed as 'vulnerable' overall, it has been listed as 'critically endangered' by the IUCN in the north-western and western-central Atlantic. This is due to the massive decline in reported catches indicating that the population has decreased.

Uppsala Municipality

Uppsala Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Uppsala.


Karlskoga Municipality

Karlskoga Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Karlskoga.


Västerås Municipality

Västerås Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Västerås.


Örebro Municipality

Örebro Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Örebro.


Malmö Municipality

Malmö Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Malmö.


Kiruna Municipality

Kiruna Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Kiruna.


Timrå Municipality

Timrå Municipality () is a municipality in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Timrå.


Skellefteå Municipality

Skellefteå Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in central Sweden. The seat is in Skellefteå.


Söderhamn Municipality

Söderhamn Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Söderhamn.



Härnösand Municipality

Härnösand Municipality () is a municipality in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Härnösand.


Luleå Municipality

Luleå Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Luleå.


Gävle Municipality

Gävle Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Gävle.


Mora Municipality

Mora Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Mora.


Falun Municipality

Falun Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Falun.


Nyköping Municipality

Nyköping Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Nyköping.


Södertälje Municipality

Södertälje Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Södertälje.


Kristianstad Municipality

Kristianstad Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kristianstad.


Kalmar Municipality

Kalmar Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kalmar.


Växjö Municipality

Växjö Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Växjö.


Nässjö Municipality

Nässjö Municipality (, Nässjö kommun) is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Nässjö.


Borgholm Municipality

Borgholm Municipality () is a municipality. It is on the northern part of the island of Öland. The seat is in Borgholm. The municipality is a part of Kalmar County.


Mörbylånga Municipality

Mörbylånga Municipality () is a municipality on the Swedish island of Öland. It consists of the southern part of the island. The seat is in Mörbylånga. The municipality is a part of Kalmar County.


Motala Municipality

Motala Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Motala.


Norrköping Municipality

Norrköping Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Norrköping.


Linköping Municipality

Linköping Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Linköping.


Lidköping Municipality

Lidköping Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Lidköping.


Karlskrona Municipality

Karlskrona Municipality () is a municipality in Blekinge County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Karlskrona.


Gothenburg Municipality

Gothenburg Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Gothenburg.


Fingerboard

The fingerboard is a part of most stringed instruments, such the guitar and the violin. It is a long strip of material, usually wood, that protrudes from the body of the instrument. Strings are stretched across the length of the fingerboard, raised slightly by the bridge. The player pushes the strings against the fingerboard to create different notes. On some fingerboards, there are ridges called frets. This kind of fingerboard is called a fretboard.

Stickers can be placed on the fingerboard to show the chords for each string. Fret stickers were introduced as a way to help beginners learn to play guitar. They have become helpful for music teachers and professionals in their teachings. Stickers are labeled A-G and can be placed to show notes, chords or scales effectively and efficiently.

Boden Municipality

Boden Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Boden.


Haparanda Municipality

Haparanda Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Haparanda.

Piteå Municipality

Piteå Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Piteå.


Öland County

Öland County () was a county on the Swedish Baltic Sea island of Öland, with the seat in Borgholm. It was established in 1819, and disestablished in 1826, when it was reunited with Kalmar County.


Skaraborg County

Skaraborg County () was a county in southern Sweden. The seat was first in Skara, then in Mariestad from 1660. It was established in 1634, and disestablished on 31 December 1997, following the establishment of Västra Götaland County.


Gothenburg and Bohus County

Gothenburg and Bohus County () was a county in southern Sweden, with the seat in Gothenburg. It was established in 1680, and disestablished on 31 December 1997, following the establishment of Västra Götaland County.


Älvsborg County

Älvsborg County () was a county in southern Sweden, with the seat in Vänersborg. It was established in 1634, and disestablished on 31 December 1997, following the establishment of Västra Götaland County.


Malmöhus County

Malmöhus County () was a county in southern Sweden, with the seat in Malmö. It was established in 1719, and disestablished on 31 December 1996, following the establishment of Skåne County.


Kristianstad County

Kristianstad County () was a county in southern Sweden, with the seat in Kristianstad. It was established in 1719, and disestablished on 31 December 1996, following the establishment of Skåne County.


Borgholm

Borgholm is a town on the Swedish Baltic Sea island of Öland, in the county of Kalmar. It is the seat of Borgholm Municipality.

Becoming a town in 1816, Borgholm was the seat of Öland County between the years of 1819 and 1826.

Grand Theft Auto V

Grand Theft Auto V is a 2013 action-adventure game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It is the seventh main entry in the "Grand Theft Auto" series, following 2008's "Grand Theft Auto IV", and the fifteenth instalment overall. Set within the fictional state of San Andreas, based on Southern California, the single-player story follows three protagonists—retired bank robber Michael De Santa, street gangster Franklin Clinton, and drug dealer and gunrunner Trevor Philips—and their attempts to commit heists while under pressure from a corrupt government agency and powerful criminals. The open world design lets players freely roam San Andreas's open countryside and the fictional city of Los Santos, based on Los Angeles.

The game plays in the fictional city of Los Santos (based on Los Angeles) in the fictional state of San Andreas (based on Southern California). Players can freely explore the open world.

The story is about three protagonists: retired bank robber Michael De Santa, street gangster Franklin Clinton, and drug dealer and gunrunner Trevor Philips. They attempts to commit robberies while under pressure from a corrupt government agency and powerful criminals.
"Grand Theft Auto V" has the same basic gameplay from the earlier games in the series. The player can walk, run, swim, climb, jump and use weapons and basic hand-to-hand combat. Players can steal and drive many types of cars, boats, helicopters and motorcycles. Players can explore and choose how they want to play the game. Players can complete missions, but these are not needed to get farther into the game to open content. When the player does a crime and the police see it, they will start to follow the player and try to catch him.

"Grand Theft Auto V" has many characters in game. Rockstar Games was able to give their characters the right feelings and effects, especially the bad guys, who have just the right personalities to make the player feel for or against them.




"Grand Theft Auto V" got very positive reviews. IGN wrote that it is one of the best games ever made.

Timrå

Timrå is a locality, and the seat of Timrå Municipality, in the county of Västernorrland in northern Sweden.

It is the home of ice hockey club Timrå IK.

Timrå IK

Timrå IK is an ice hockey club in Timrå in Sweden. The club ended up on the second place in the Swedish national championship in 1974.


Mörbylånga

Mörbylånga is a locality, and the seat of Mörbylånga Municipality on Swedish Baltic Sea island of Öland, which is a part of the county of Kalmar.

Färjestaden

Färjestaden is a locality in Mörbylånga Municipality on Swedish Baltic Sea island of Öland, which is a part of the county of Kalmar.

Earlier, it was the seaport for the ferryboats travelling to Öland from mainland Sweden. Since 1972, it instead houses the Öland Bridge.

Lidingö Municipality

Lidingö Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Lidingö.


Female Trouble

Female Trouble is an American LGBT comedy movie. It is about 1960s Baltimore mixed with sexual adventures and criminal activity. This movie was released on October 4, 1974 in the United States by New Line Cinema. The rating is NC-17. This movie got very positive reviews. John Waters directed this movie.

Lidingö

Lidingö is a town in the county of Stockholm in Sweden. It is on the island with the same name. It is the seat of Lidingö Municipality.

Brandstorp

Brandstorp is a settlement in Habo Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. In 2010, 116 people lived there.

Sandhem

Sandhem is a locality in Mullsjö Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden.

Mission Covenant Church of Sweden

The Mission Covenant Church of Sweden () was a Swedish Protestant Christian denomination. Established in 1878, it was called "Svenska Missionsförbundet" until 2003. In 2012, it became a part of the Uniting Church in Sweden.

In 2009, there were 61 000 members in 700 congregations.

Habo Church

Habo Church () is a wooden church building in Habo in Sweden. It was built in 1680, and received its present appearance in 1723. Belonging to Habo Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was depicted at the 2002 Swedish Christmas stamp series "Romantiska kyrkor i juletid" ("Romantic Churches at Christmastime").

Brandstorp Church

Brandstorp Church () is a wooden church in Brandstorp in Sweden. Belonging to Brandstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was opened in 1698, it was built between 1694 and 1698. 

Egyptian National Library and Archives

The Egyptian National Library and Archives is the national library of Egypt. It is also a national archive. It is located in Cairo.


Sandhem Church

Sandhem Church () is a church in Sandhem in Sweden. Belonging to Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was inaugurated in 1841. 

Iraq National Library and Archive

The Iraq National Library and Archive is the national library of Iraq and a national archive. It is in Baghdad. After the Iraq war in 2003 and the collapse of the Saddam Hussein regime, the library was burned. In 2007, it was opened again after restoration.


Bankeryd Church

Bankeryd Church () is a church in Bankeryd in Sweden. It belongs to Bankeryd Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church was inaugurated on 30 August 1868.

National Library of India

The National Library of India is the national library of India. It is in Kolkata.


Hjo Church

Hjo Church () is a church in Hjo in Sweden. A 1794 fire destroyed the old church. Belonging to Hjo Parish of the Church of Sweden, construction of the current church begun in 1796 and was completed in 1799. 

Huskvarna Church

Huskvarna Church () is a wooden church in Huskvarna in Sweden. Belonging to Huskvarna Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was inaugurated in June 1910. 

Borgholm Church

Borgholm Church () is a church in Borgholm on Swedish Baltic Sea island of Öland. Belonging to Borgholm Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was opened on Pentecost Sunday in 1879.

Visby Cathedral

Visby Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Visby on Swedish Baltic Sea island of Gotland. Belonging to Visby Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Visby, and was opened on 27 July in 1225.

Luleå Cathedral

Luleå Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Luleå in Sweden. It belongs to Luleå Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden. It serves the Diocese of Luleå. It was opened in on 3 December 1893. That day was First Advent Sunday the same year.

It became a cathedral when the Diocese of Luleå was established in 1904.

Härnösand Cathedral

Härnösand Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Härnösand in Sweden. It belongs to Härnösand Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden and serves the Diocese of Härnösand. The church was inaugurated on 28 June 1846. It was built according to plans by Johan Adolf Hawerman.

The entire town of Härnösand can be viewed from atop the 46 metres tall tower

Växjö Cathedral

Växjö Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Växjö in Sweden. It belongs to the Växjö Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church building serves the Diocese of Växjö. It was opened in the Middle Ages.

Linköping Cathedral

Linköping Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Linköping in Sweden. It belongs to the Linköping Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church building serves the Diocese of Linköping. it was opened in the 12th century.

Strängnäs Cathedral

Strängnäs Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Strängnäs in Sweden. Belonging to Strängnäs Cathedral Parish with Aspö of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Strängnäs, and has been supposed to been opened in on 29 June 1291.

Gothenburg Cathedral

Gothenburg Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. Belonging to Gothenburg Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Gothenburg, and was opened on Trinity Sunday, 21 May 1815.

National Archives of Australia

The National Archives of Australia is an agency established by the Government of Australia. It is an archive, which collects and preserves government records. The national office is in Canberra. It has smaller offices in each state capital and Darwin.

The National Archives were established in 1961. Before this, the Federal Parliamentary Library (now the National Library of Australia) had been responsible for collecting government records since World War I. The "Archives Act 1983" was a law passed to protect Commonwealth archives. Under this law, the National Archives are responsible for preserving government records.

The National Archives' collection is made up of records written about Federation, Governors-General, Prime Ministers, Cabinet and Ministries and most of the activities with which the government has been involved. The collection is not open to the public for browsing. Items can be requested for viewing in the reading rooms, and copies of records can be made. Most records over 30 years old are available to the public. Some are released with certain pieces of information deleted. This kind of information includes documents relating to defence and security, private information, and raw census data. Access to information that is culturally sensitivite to indigenous Australians may also be restricted.

Several collections have been made available online. These include all Australian military service records (records of those who served in the military) from the Second Boer War to the Vietnam War. Immigration and naturalisation documents more than 30 years old were made available in 2005.


Västerås Cathedral

Västerås Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Västerås in Sweden. Belonging to Västerås Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Västerås, and was opened in the 13th century.

Maine (province)

Maine is one of the traditional provinces of France. It's capital was the city of Le Mans. The area is now divided into the departments of Sarthe and Mayenne.

The Carolingians called Maine "pagis cenomannicus" after the Cenomani tribe that Julius Caesar had defeated. Pepin the Short gave the duchy of Maine to his half-brother Grifo.
In the last half of the 9th century, Maine took on greater importance because of invasions from Normandy and Brittany. In 924 King Rudolph of France gave Maine to Rollo of Normandy. Because it was next to Anjou on the south and Normandy on the north, these two duchies often fought over Maine.

William, Duke of Normandy invaded Maine in 1063 and he controlled the county by the beginning of 1064. Norman control of Maine helped make the southern border of Normandy safe against Anjou. This was a factor which allowed Duke William to launch his successful invasion of England in 1066.

In 1069 the citizens of Le Mans revolted against the Normans. Soon some of the Manceaux barons joined the revolt. The Normans were expelled in 1070, and young Hugh V was made the Count of Maine. After Norman attacks in 1073, 1088, 1098 and 1099, Elias I succeeded his cousin Hugh V, who sold Maine to him in 1092 for ten thousand shillings. His daughter married Fulk V, Count of Anjou, who took Maine over in 1110 after the death of Elias. Henri Beauclerc, agreed to recognize him as Count of Maine.

Fulk's son Geoffrey V, Count of Anjou inherited Maine. In 1051 it passed to Geoffrey's son Henry, Duke of Normandy (later King Henry I of England). Anjou, Maine and Normandy now had the same ruler for the first time. Henry later founded the Plantagenet dynasty in England.

The King of France, Philippe Auguste attacked the Plantagenet holdings called the Angevin Empire when it was held by John, King of England. In 1331 the Count of Maine became a peer of the realm.

After the battle of Verneuil in 1424, the English occupied Maine. They held Le Mans until 1448 and Fresnay until 1449. In 1481, Charles V of Anjou left his lands to Louis IX of France. This act returned the county to the crown of France.

Karlstad Cathedral

Karlstad Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Karlstad in Sweden. Belonging to Karlstad Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Karlstad, and was opened on 2 July 1730 (2 July 1730 according to the Old Style).

Skara Cathedral

Skara Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Skara in Sweden. Belonging to Skara Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Skara, and has been around since the 11th century.

Stockholm Cathedral

The Stockholm Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Stockholm Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church building serves the Diocese of Stockholm. It has been around since the 12th century.

Diocese of Visby

The Diocese of Visby () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in 1572. Covering Swedish Baltic Sea island of Gotland, it uses the Visby Cathedral as its seat.

Since November 2002, the diocese is also responsible for the Church of Sweden Abroad.


Diocese of Luleå

The Diocese of Luleå () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in 1904, formerly being a part of the Diocese of Härnösand. Covering Norrbotten County and Västerbotten County, it uses the Luleå Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Härnösand

The Diocese of Härnösand () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in 1647, formerly being a part of the Diocese of Uppsala. Covering Jämtland County and Västernorrland County, it uses the Härnösand Cathedral as its seat.

In 1904, the northernmost parts were broken out, establishing the Diocese of Luleå.


Diocese of Skara

The Diocese of Skara () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in the 11th century. It uses the Skara Cathedral as its seat. In 2014, the diocese celebrated it's 1000th anniversary as a full diocese. 


Diocese of Växjö

The Diocese of Växjö () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in the 11th century. Spanning across Jönköping County, Kalmar County and Kronoberg County, it uses the Växjö Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Gothenburg

The Diocese of Gothenburg () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in 1665. Spanning across the Swedish historical provinces of Bohuslän, Halland and Västergötland, it uses the Gothenburg Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Karlstad

The Diocese of Karlstad () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in 1581. Spanning across the Swedish historical provinces of Dalsland, Närke and Värmland, it uses the Karlstad Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Västerås

The Diocese of Västerås () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in the 12th century. Spanning across the Swedish historical provinces of Dalarna and Västmanland, it uses the Västerås Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Uppsala

The Diocese of Uppsala () is the archdiocese of the Church of Sweden, established in the 11th century. Spanning across Gävleborg County, Stockholm County and Uppsala County, it uses the Uppsala Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Lund

The Diocese of Lund () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in the 11th century. Spanning across the Swedish historical provinces of Blekinge and Skåne, it uses the Lund Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Strängnäs

The Diocese of Strängnäs () is a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in the 12th century. Spanning across the Swedish historical provinces of Närke, Södermanland and Västmanland, it uses the Strängnäs Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Stockholm (Church of Sweden)

The Diocese of Stockholm () a diocese of the Church of Sweden. It was established on 1 July 1942. It spans across the Swedish historical provinces of Södermanland and Uppland. The diocese uses the Stockholm Cathedral as its seat.


Diocese of Linköping

The Diocese of Linköping () a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in the 12th century. Spanning across Jönköping County, Kalmar County and Östergötland County, it uses the Linköping Cathedral cathedral as its seat.


Guimbal Cabri G2

The Guimbal Cabri G2 is a light twin-seat civilian helicopter. It is built in France. It is used for training and transport. When used for transport, it can carry only one passenger.

Ransäter

Ransäter is a minor locality in Munkfors Municipality in central Sweden. It is the birthplace of Erik Gustaf Geijer and Tage Erlander. In 2010, 114 people lived there.

Ransäter Church

Ransäter Church () is a wooden church building in Ransäter in Sweden. It belongs to Forshaga-Munkfors Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was was inaugurated on Candlemas Day 1986.

On 6 December 1983 a fire had destroyed the old church.

Politician Tage Erlander and his wife Aina are buried on the cemetery near the church.

Gustav Adolf Church, Habo Municipality

Gustav Adolf Church () is a church in Habo Municipality in Sweden. Belonging to Gustav Adolf Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was moved from Fiskebäck in the year of 1780. The church was inaugurated at its new location on 19 November 1780.

Kalmar Cathedral

Kalmar Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Kalmar in Sweden. Belonging to Kalmar Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it served the old Diocese of Kalmar, and was opened in 1682.

Mariestad Cathedral

Mariestad Cathedral () is a cathedral in the town of Mariestad in Sweden. Belonging to Mariestad Parish of the Church of Sweden, it served the old Diocese of Mariestad, and was opened in 1625.

Diocese of Kalmar

The Diocese of Kalmar () was a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in 1603, and disestablished in 1915, becoming a part of the Diocese of Växjö. Covering circa half of Kalmar County, it used the Kalmar Cathedral as its seat.

Diocese of Mariestad

The Diocese of Mariestad () was a diocese of the Church of Sweden, established in 1580, and disestablished in 1646. It was disbanded following the establishment of the Diocese of Karlstad. Spanning across the Swedish historical provinces of Värmland and northern Västergötland, it used the Mariestad Cathedral as its seat.


Provinces of Sweden

The Provinces of Sweden () are the 25 histrocial regions of Sweden. Back in the Middle Ages, Swedish provinces would have their own laws, but in 1634, the counties of Sweden were established, and the historical provinces are no longer around when it comes to administration or politics. However, they still play an important part within culture and regional identity.

Yurt (newspaper)

Yurt (English: "The Homeland") is a Turkish nationwide daily newspaper based in Istanbul. It was founded on January 29, 2012 by Republican People's Party politician Durdu Özbolat. Editor of the "Yurt" is Merdan Yanardağ.

"Yurt" supports Kemalism and secularism, especially Republican People's Party politics.



Mike Mills

Michael Edward "Mike" Mills (born December 17, 1958) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. He is best known for being a member of the alternative rock band, R.E.M.. Although he usually plays bass guitar, the piano and sings, he also plays keyboards, accordion and percussion instruments. He helped write many of the band's songs.

Mills was born in Orange County, California. He grew up in Macon, Georgia. He went to college at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia. While living in Athens, he met the other musicians who later became R.E.M.

Mills is the main composer of many of R.E.M.'s songs, including "Nightswimming", "(Don't Go Back To) Rockville", and "What's the Frequency, Kenneth?".

He has also played on recordings by the Indigo Girls, Warren Zevon, the Smashing Pumpkins, Jason Ringenberg and The Troggs.

Mills is a member, along with songwriters Steve Wynn, Scott McCaughey, Peter Buck, and Linda Pitmon, of The Baseball Project.

In 2007, Mills was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, along with the other members of R.E.M.


That Evening Sun (movie)

That Evening Sun is a 2009 movie based on a 2002 short story "I Hate to See That Evening Sun Go Down" by William Gay. The movie is produced by Dogwood Entertainment. It stars Hal Holbrook as Abner Meecham and is directed by Scott Teems who also wrote the screenplay. Dixie Carter and Mia Wasikowska are also in the cast. The movie received positive reviews and many enjoyed Holbrook's performance.

Into the Wild (movie)

Into the Wild is a 2007 American biographical drama survival movie. It was written and directed by Sean Penn. It is an adaptation of the 1996 non-fiction book of the same name by Jon Krakauer.

It is about living without money. It is very sad at its end.

It stars Emile Hirsch as McCandless with Marcia Gay Harden and William Hurt as his parents and also features Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, and Hal Holbrook. The movie received many positive reviews. Holbrook was nominated for an Academy Award for his role.

Aérospatiale SA-360 Dauphin

The Aérospatiale SA-360 Dauphin is a French helicopter. It is a single-turboshaft aircraft. It can hold eight passengers. Some were used by militaries, but most of them are civilian. It is the basis of the famous Aérospatiale SA-365 Dauphin 2.

Ion Mincu University of Architecture and Urbanism

The Ion Mincu University of Architecture and Urbanism is the central university for architecture and urban planning of Romania. It is in Bucharest. It was started in 1952.


University of Bucharest

The University of Bucharest is the central university of Bucharest, the capital of Romania. It was founded on 4 July 1864.


Götaland

Götaland is the southernmost region of Sweden. It consists of the historical provinces of Blekinge, Bohuslän, Dalsland, Gotland, Halland, Skåne, Småland, Västergötland, Öland and Östergötland.

Östergötland

Östergötland is a historical province in southern Sweden. It is dominated by plainlands known as "Östgötaslätten" ("Östgöta Plains").

Västergötland

Västergötland is a historical province in southern Sweden. Several parts of Västergötland are dominated by plainlands known as "Västgötaslätten" ("Västgöta Plains").

Närke

Närke is a historical province in central Sweden. The older spellning, Nerike, is still around in the name of local newspaper Nerikes Allehanda.

Swedish Lapland

Swedish Lapland () is a historical province in northern Sweden. Once covering all of Lapland, the eastern half was lost in 1809, becoming Finnish Lapland.

Blekinge

Blekinge is a historical province in southern Sweden. It's famous for the Blekinge archipelago, and referred to as "Sveriges trädgård" (the "Garden of Sweden"). Once part of Denmark, it became a part of Sweden in the 17th century.

Halland

Halland is a historical province in southern Sweden. Once part of Denmark, it became a part of Sweden in the 17th century.

Bohuslän

Bohuslän is a historical province in southern Sweden. Once part of Norway, it became a part of Sweden in the 17th century.

Jämtland

Jämtland is a historical province in northern Sweden. Once part of Norway, after having been an own nation earlier in the Middle Ages, it became a part of Sweden in the 17th century.

Härjedalen

Härjedalen is a historical province in northern Sweden. Once part of Norway, it became a part of Sweden in the 17th century.

Skåne

Skåne (Scania) is a historical province in southern Sweden. Once part of Denmark, it became a part of Sweden in the 17th century.

Medelpad

Medelpad is a historical province in northern Sweden. Major rivers are Ljungan and Indalsälven.

Ångermanland

Ångermanland is a historical province in northern Sweden. A major river is the Ångerman River.

Norrbotten

Norrbotten is a historical province in northern Sweden. The history as its own province dates back until 1810, following the establishment of Norrbotten County, and the coat of arms were adopted in 1995.

Västerbotten

Västerbotten is a historical province in northern Sweden. Until the Finnish War of 1808-1809, it also consisted of parts of what later would become Finnish Lapland.

Dalsland

Dalsland is a historical province in southern Sweden. It's nature is dominated by several lakes.

Lapland (Finland)

Finnish Lapland is the northernmost region of Finland. Before, it was the eastern half of Swedish Lapland. The region to the south is Northern Ostrobothnia. The largest lake in the region is Inarijärvi. The highest place is Halti hill, in the Enontekiö municipality.



Finnish War

The Finnish War (, , ) was a war fought in 1808-1809 between Russia and Sweden. King Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden lost, and Sweden lost its Eastern third. The lost land became the autonomous Grand Duchy of Finland.

Vänern

Vänern is a lake in southern Sweden. It is the largest lake in Sweden.

Urban planning

Urban planning (urban, city, and town planning) is the design of cities and other urban areas. It focuses on the management and use of land, infrastructure, architecture and urbanisation.


Aérospatiale SA-365 Dauphin 2

The Aérospatiale SA-365 Dauphin 2 is a French helicopter. It is both a civilian and military helicopter. Mainly used for search and rescue, it is also used for transport and war against submarines. In this last kind it can carry one or two torpedoes. It is a modernized variant of Aérospatiale SA-360 Dauphin, with two turboshafts.


In 1992 after founding of Eurocopter all designations in "SA-" were changed to "AS-". So SA-365N became AS-365N.

Harbin Z-9 is a Chinese variant built under licence, and Eurocopter EC155 is the new one, built at the beginning as AS-365N4.

Militaries and governmental Aérospatiale SA-365N Dauphin 2 were acquired by : Australia, Argentina, Bangladesh, Chile, Dominican Republic, France, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Kuwait, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Switzerland, UK, USA, Uruguay and many others.


Creatures (artificial life series)

Creatures is a series of artificial life (alife) computer programs. It was created in the mid-1990s by English computer scientist Steve Grand. It was developed by Millennium Interactive. The game is about raising alien creatures known as Norns. This involves teaching them to , helping them explore their world, ing them against other animals, and breeding them. The player can also teach the creatures to speak a language, and can then tell their creature to do something by typing in instructions.

Between 1996 and 2001, six "Creatures" games were released. 

The program was notable for being one of the first commercial products to create artificial-life animals using genetics, biochemistry and neural network brains. This meant that the Norns and their DNA could "evolve" in many different ways. By breeding certain Norns with others, some traits could be passed on to younger generations. The genetics in "Creatures" are slightly different from human genetics; they are haploid.




Eurocopter HH-65 Dolphin

The Eurocopter HH-65 Dolphin is a French helicopter designed and built specially for the United States Coast Guard. It replaced the Sikorsky HH-52 Seaguard in the search and rescue mission. A total of 102 examples were built with American avionics. From 2001 some of there are known as MH-65.

Sikorsky HH-52 Seaguard

The Sikorsky HH-52 Seaguard is an American helicopter built by Sikorsky as S-62's model. It was used by the United States Coast Guard between 1961 and 1988 for transport and search and rescue duties. It was replaced by Aérospatiale HH-65 Dolphin. Some were used in Iceland, India, Japan, Philippines and Thailand. Philippines Air Force was the last operator, until 1993.

Division of Oxley (1901–1934)

The Division of Oxley was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Queensland. It covered the inner southern suburbs of Brisbane, including South Brisbane, Woolloongabba, Coorparoo, Bulimba and Maree.

Oxley was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first Federal election in 1901. It was named after explorer John Oxley. It was replaced by the Division of Griffith at the redistribution of 1 August 1934. In 1949, a new Division of Oxley was created in the south-western suburbs of Brisbane, mainly around Ipswich.

With Every Heartbeat

With Every Heartbeat (alternate title: Kiss Me) is an erotic Swedish romance movie. It is about an up-and-coming architect who wants to marry her business partner, but later discovers she is really a lesbian. The movie was released in July 2011.

Search and rescue

Search and rescue is when people look for a person who is lost or in danger. It is usually done by ships, helicopters, or land vehicles that are specially equipped. Most of these missions take place at sea or in the mountains. Search and rescue missions are performed by civilian and military rescuers, such as police or firefighters.

Combat search and rescue is a military variant performed by special forces like the United States Navy SEALs on the battlefield.

Division of Oxley

The Division of Oxley is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was created in 1949 and named after the Australian explorer, John Oxley. Oxley covers the south western suburbs of Brisbane, as well as part of the city of Ipswich. There was an earlier Division of Oxley from 1901–1934, which covered a different part of Brisbane.

Its best-known member was Bill Hayden, the Labor Opposition Leader between 1977 and 1983. Hayden became a minister in the Hawke Government and in 1988 was made Governor-General. 

In 1996, Pauline Hanson was selected by the Liberal Party to contest the seat. She lost Liberal support because of her views on migration and Aboriginal issues. The Liberal Party were not able to select another person in time, and Hanson was elected as Liberal, but sat in the House of Representatives as an independent. She formed the right wing One Nation party. After a redistribution in 1997, Hanson unsuccessfully contested the Division of Blair at the 1998 election.


Carolyn Keene

"Carolyn Keene" is a pseudonym for the authors of the "Dana Girls" and "Nancy Drew" books. The first Carolyne Keene was a journalist, Mildred A. Wirt Benson, who wrote many of the books starting in 1929. Later books were written by Harriet Stratemeyer Adams, the daughter of the books' publisher, Edward Stratemeyer. There have also been several other authors writing Nancy Drew books for Stratemeyer.

Robyn

Robin Miriam Carlsson (or Robyn; born June 12, 1979) is a Swedish recording artist and musician. She first became well-known worldwide during the late 1990s. She had a quite a few hit songs, including "Do You Know (What it Takes)" from her first record "Robyn is Here". Other singles include "Dancing on My Own", "Be Mine!" and "Crash and Burn Girl". Robyn was born in Stockholm, Sweden. She has been nominated for four Grammy Awards.

Robyn is engaged to Max Vitali.


This Film Is Not Yet Rated

This Film is Not Yet Rated is a documentary movie. It is about discrepancies in the MPAA rating systems. This movie was originally rated NC-17 (no children 17 and under admitted) because of "some graphic sexual content". However, it was released without a rating.

One discrepancy covered in this movie is between the way violence and sexual behaviors are treated. Another is between how homosexual and heterosexual materials are treated in independent movies vs. Hollywood movies. According to some interviewed in this movie, the MPAA often treats homosexual issues in movies much harder than heterosexual content.

Brüno

Brüno is a 2009 American mockumentary movie. It is about camp, gay Austrian fashion reporter Brueno. The movie was banned in some countries as a result of its content. The MPAA gave the movie an NC-17, but it was edited and re-rated R. The movie also received an R-rating from Australia at first. This movie got very positive reviews.

Urban design

Urban design is a subject of urban planning focusing on design of cities or other urban areas. Whereas architecture focuses on individual buildings, urban design is about the design of whole neighbourhoods and entire cities. It is about making them functional and attractive.
There are many problems that urban design tries to fix. One of them has to do with public health. One of the most talked about issues is about how easily people can walk to where they need to go. It became a bigger issue recently, not only because of the environment, but also because of people not being very healthy. Cities with a lot of gas cars hurt people. When people live around cars that blow smoke. people start to get really sick. People's hearts will beat in a weird way and it can lead to people dying. More people die from bad air each year than from getting hit by a car. That makes people want some changes. So they go out to say to people that the cities have to change. Instead of cars, they want cities to use trains for going really far, and they want cities to use bikes or buses to go not very far. Then they want people to be able to walk to any close by places. This would help public health double by getting rid of car smoke and getting people to walk more. This can help people's hearts beat normally and not let them die. It is also good exercise. There is evidence that cities can get people to walk more in them by having more open public spaces, stores within walking distance, grass, trees and other pleasing designs outside, and other things. It also helps with mental health, because people are more likely to talk to each other and that cuts down on loneliness. 

Other websites

Etelä-Suomen Sanomat

Etelä-Suomen Sanomat, nickname "Etlari", is a newspaper published in Finland. It is issued daily. It was first printed in 1914. 

Chief editors: 

Oskar Marjanen 1914

Kaarlo Kytömaa 1914–1915

Jaakko Tervo 1915–1920

Jalmari Niemi 1920–1927

William Ilmoni 1927–1932

Frans Keränen 1932–1962

Tauno Lahtinen 1962–1983

Olli Järvinen 1962–1973

Eeva Rissanen 1972–1986

Kauko Mäenpää 1984–1999

Pentti Vuorio 1986–1995

Heikki Hakala 1997-.


Solna Municipality

Solna Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Solna.


Hjälmaren

Hjälmaren is a lake in central Sweden. It is the fourth-largest lake in Sweden.

Storsjön

Storsjön is a lake in northern Sweden. It is the fifth-largest lake in Sweden. According to folklore, there is a monster living in the lake, "Storsjöodjuret" (the "Storsjö Monster").

Lycksele

Lycksele is a town in northern Sweden. It is the seat of Lycksele Municipality and is in Västerbotten County.

Lycksele Municipality

Lycksele Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Lycksele.


Sollefteå Municipality

Sollefteå Municipality () is a municipality in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Sollefteå.


Shenzhen &amp; Hong Kong Bi‐City Biennale of Urbanism &amp; Architecture

Shenzhen & Hong Kong Bi‐City Biennale of Urbanism & Architecture is an international event that takes place every 2 years in Hong Kong, China. A "biennale" is an event that happens every 2 years. In 2005, the Chinese government decided to dedicate the biennale to Chinese architecture and urban planning to promote city of Hong Kong and the area of Shenzhen.


Sollefteå

Sollefteå is a town in northern Sweden. It is the seat of Sollefteå Municipality and is in Västernorrland County.

The Ark

The Ark was a rock band from Rottne in Sweden, active between 1991 and 2011. Started up by vocalist and priest-son Ola Salo, the band participated at Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with the song "The Worrying Kind".


Kent (band)

Kent is a rock band from the town of Eskilstuna in Sweden, started up in 1990.


Bat-Yam International Biennale of Landscape Urbanism

The Bat-Yam International Biennale of Landscape Urbanism (also called Urban Action) is an international event held every two years in Bat-Yam, Israel. It is dedicated to urban design and landscape urbanism. The event was first held in 2008 as an initiative of the city hall of Bat-Yam.


Hep Stars

The Hep Stars was a pop group from Sweden, active from 1963 to 1969.


The Book of Tea

The book is written for a Western audience. It was originally written in English. Okakura had been taught at a young age to speak English and was good at communicating his thoughts to Westerners. In his book, he discusses Zen and Taoism, but also the secular (non-religious) aspects of tea and Japanese life. The book emphasizes how Teaism (the art of tea) taught the Japanese many things. Most importantly it taught them simplicity. Kakuzō says that this simplicity, inspired by tea, affected arts and architecture.

When tea is more than a drink and the tea ceremony is understood and practiced to foster harmony in humanity, promote harmony with nature, discipline the mind, quiet the heart, and attain the purity of enlightenment, the art of tea becomes teaism. And it can be used to describe tea ceremony as the interests in tea culture and studies and pursued over time with self-cultivation. Teaism is mostly a simplistic mode of aesthetics, but there are subtle insights into ethics, and even metaphysics. Teaism is related to teamind. A sense of focus and concentration while under the influence of great tasting tea. Teaist is a person who performs or enjoys the art of tea and teaism. In Chinese, Japanese, and Korean cultures, they all have well-developed teaism.

Teaism is a synthesis of Taoism, Zennism, and tea. It is likely that it alludes more to the Taoist influences on Zen, and subsequently the Chado, or the Japanese tea ceremony, as he makes the statement, 'A subtle philosophy lay behind it all. Teaism was Taoism in disguise.' Teaism is brought out for its Taoist origins; but in the second half, it is shown through its manifestations in the Chado and in Japanese culture in general.

In this sense tea is more than a drink and more than an art, it is integrated in the culture and the mind. The term Chinese:chadao or Japanese:chado in English is a difficult translation task. In most common use and easy to express translation is "tea ceremony". A direct translation is "the way of tea" or "the way of tea". The term "teaism" is by some only signifies this with Japanese tea ceremony. Similar terms are "tea arts" and "tea culture". While the word lore is usually not used in this context, another term used is tea lore.



Friends (band)

Friends was a dansband from Sweden, active between 1999 and 2002. The band participated at Eurovision Song Contest 2001 with the song "Lyssna till ditt hjärta".


Ebba Grön

Ebba Grön was a punk rock band from Rågsved in Sweden. It was active between 1977 and 1983. Vocalist and songwriter was Joakim Thåström".


Herreys

Herreys was a pop/schlager trio from Sweden, active in the 1980s. The trio performed the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 winning song, "Diggiloo, diggiley".


Urban Land Institute

The Urban Land Institute (also called ULI) is a non-profit research organization dedicated to urban planning and urban development. The institute is located in Washington D.C., United States, with branches in London and Hong Kong.


Voltage regulator

Voltage regulator is an elecrical component that maintains a constant voltage level. It stabilizes the voltage. For example, when a voltage regulator is fed a voltage that varies betveen 7.5 - 9.0 Volts, the regulator's output stays at exactly 5 Volts. Another way to stabilize voltage is by using a zener diode.

Zener diode

Zener diode is like a normal diode, but instead of being destroyed by a big reverse voltage, it lets electricity through. The voltage needed for this is called the breakdown voltage or Zener voltage. Because it can be built with a known breakdown voltage, it can be used to accurately measure voltage.

Boxing Helena

Boxing Helena is a 1993 American romantic drama movie. It is about a lonely surgeon from Atlanta who gets obsessed with an accident victim named Helena. Sherilyn Fenn plays Helena. This movie was originally marked NC-17 (no children 17 and under admitted). It was later re-rated R on appeal. The movie performed very badly at the box office. The reviews were very negative. This movie was released in September 1993.

There was controversy with the casting of this movie. Madonna and Kim Basinger were each cast as Helena, but backed out. Basinger was taken to court for leaving the role. She lost, and was ordered to pay 8.1 million dollars. The verdict was later set aside on appeal in 1994, but the actress later settled for $3.8 million.

Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love

Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love is a 1996 erotic romance movie. While this movie was being shot in India, the name of the movie was kept secret because the Indian government would not have allowed filming with the name "Kama Sutra". It was instead named "Maya & Tara". When the movie was finished, it was banned in India due to the erotic scenes, especially homosexual scenes.

In the United States, this movie was originally rated NC-17. It was later trimmed and re-rated R.

Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!

Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down! is a 1990 Spanish comedy crime drama movie. The story regards a psychiatric patient who, after being released from a mental ward, kidnaps a porn actress and tries to get her to marry him. Antonio Banderas plays Ricky, the psychiatric patient.

The movie was involved in a legal battle with the MPAA due to their decision to rate the movie X. The distributor, Miramax, filed a lawsuit against the MPAA. They did not win this case, so the movie was released unrated in United States theaters.

Breadboard

A breadboard is an electron tool which can be used to test electrical circuits. Instead of using soldering to connect wires and components together (like on a perfboard or printed circuit board), they can be stuck into the holes of the breadboard. It has metal strips inside that will connect them, and it lets them be removed easily or moved around when testing a circuit. 

The rows and columns of holes on a breadboard are usually labelled with numbers and letters. Everything in a row with the same number will be connected, except if the breadboard has a strip down the center. In that case, the metal is split and the row has two separate connections (one on each side). The center strip is also useful when connecting integrated circuits, because they can be pushed in over the top of it and have legs connecting to both sides without overlapping the connections.

22 or 24 gauge wire usually work best to plug into the holes in a breadboard. 

Visiting card

A visiting card is a small paper card with a person's name on it. They were used to let someone know that another person had come to their home for a visit. Some visiting cards had just a name on them. Some also had images.

Visiting cards are not used as much as they used to be. Business cards are now used the way visiting cards used to be used.

Before the industrialization visiting cards were hand made. Since the end of the 19th century production has become more and more automated.

Excision (movie)

Excision is a 2012 horror movie. The movie is about a high school student who wants a career in medicine. Marlee Matlin has the role of Amber. "Excision" is rated R in Australia and in the United States. It received very positive reviews from the critics.

AnnaLynne McCord

AnnaLynne McCord (born July 16, 1987) is an American actress. She plays the roles of vixens in movies. She starred as Suzie Woods in the 2008 supernatural thriller "The Haunting of Molly Hartley". She also starred as Naomi Clark in the show "90210". The actress was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Chained (2012 movie)

Chained is a 2012 Canadian psychological horror movie. It is about a cab-driving serial killer who stalks his victims on the streets. This movie was originally marked NC-17 (no children 17 and under admitted) by the MPAA. It was edited downwards to an R. It was released theatrically in some countries, direct-to-video in the United States.

The movie was first shown at Fantasia International Film Festival.


Additionally, Troy Skog and Shannon Jardine play Bob's parents and Alexander Doerksen plays Colin. Amy Matysio appears as Mary, one of Bob's victims. Director Jennifer Lynch has a cameo as a cooking show host on TV.

Peter Bradshaw from "The Guardian" and Tim Robey from "The Daily Telegraph" both rated the movie 1/5 stars. The earlier called it "a fantastically crass and fatuous-in other words, silly and pointless-serial killer movie." The latter thought that "Chained" was "a lurid disgrace."

On the opposite end, Lauren Taylor from "Bloody Disgusting" rated the movie 4/5 stars. Taylor wrote: ""Chained" takes a typical tale of an abused child and makes something that is Oscar worthy." Rotten Tomatoes has the movie rated near 72% approval.

Tech (river)

The Tech () is a river in southeastern France, close to the French-Spanish border. It runs through a valley in the department of the Pyrénées-Orientales, in the former Roussillon. Its drainage basin is the river basin of Metropolitan France.

The river gives its name to two "communes" in the department: Le Tech and Arles-sur-Tech.

The source of the Tech is on the eastern side of Roc Colom in the Pyrenees at an elevation of , in the "commune" of Prats-de-Mollo-la-Preste.

It flows generally from southwest to northeast, first through the valley of Vallespir just to Ceret, and then through the Plain of Rosillon.

The Tech flows into the Mediterranean Sea at the Natural Reserve of Mas Larrieu, also called "Mouth of the Tech", to the north of the town of Argelès-sur-Mer.

The Tech river is long and its drainage basin has an area of approximately . The basin is composed of two areas that are quite different:

The flow of the Tech river was observed over a period of 38 years (1979-2013) in Argelès-sur-Mer, touristic town near the mouth of the river.

The discharge of the river at this location is per second.

Both the valley of the Tech and its mouth are part of Natura 2000, an ecological network of protected areas in the European Union.
The Tech has 22 tributaries; the longest tributaries are:

The Tech is entirely in the department of Pyrénées-Orientales. It crosses two "arrondissements", six "cantons" and 25 "communes". The two "arrondissements" are Céret and Perpignan.

As for the "cantons", the Tech has its source in the "canton" of Prats-de-Mollo-la-Preste, and then flows through the "cantons" of Arles-sur-Tech, Canton Ceret, Thuir Canton, Canton Elne and finally Argelès-sur-Mer.

The Pont del Diable ("Devil's bridge") or Pont Vieux ("Old bridge") at Céret over the river Tech.

Effect pedal

An effect pedal is an electronic device that can change the sound of an instrument or the voice of a person. Typical effects include echo, chorus, distortion, tremolo, reverb and flanger. A potentiometer is one of the electronic parts that effect pedals use to change the sound.

Effect pedals are commonly connected to electric guitars and bass guitars and to amplifiers using a cable, such as a phone connector. The pedal is then put on the floor and controlled using the player's foot. Depending on how the effect works, there are different ways to use the pedal:

Many guitarists like to use different effect pedals with each other. They stick them to a flat surface to make a pedalboard that they can take with them.


Dennis Farina

Dennis Farina (February 29, 1944 – July 22, 2013) was an American actor and former Chicago police officer. He was known for his role as Detective Joe Fontana on "Law & Order". Farina was also in "Get Shorty", "Manhunter", "Eddie", and "Saving Private Ryan".

Farina was born on February 29, 1944 in Chicago, Illinois. He was of Sicilian descent. Farina was a police officer from 1967 through 1985.

Farina became an actor in 1981 as Carl in "Thief". He would later appear in Steven Spielberg's "Saving Private Ryan" (as Army Lieutenant Colonel Walter Anderson), "Striking Distance", "Another Stakeout", "Little Big League", "Snatch", "The Mod Squad", "Big Trouble" and "Out of Sight". He co-starred with Bette Midler in the romantic comedy "That Old Feeling".

The producers of the long-running television series "Law & Order" hired Farina as Det. Joe Fontana after the retirement of Jerry Orbach's character Lennie Briscoe. Farina stayed with the show for two years, but his character was not as popular with viewers as Orbach's Lennie Briscoe had been. As a result, in May 2006, it was announced that Farina was leaving "Law & Order" to work on other projects.

Farina was married to Patricia Farina from 1970 until they divorced in 1980. They had three children. Farina was arrested on May 11, 2008, for carrying a loaded .22 caliber pistol through Los Angeles International Airport security. On July 17, 2009, the judge in his case dismissed the charge and erased it from Farina's otherwise clean record.

Farina died on July 22, 2013 in a hospital in Scottsdale, Arizona, from a pulmonary embolism. He was 69 years old. Farina is buried at Mount Carmel Cemetery in Hillside, Illinois.


Philip Roth

Philip Milton Roth (March 19, 1933 – May 22, 2018) was an American novelist from Newark, New Jersey. His books include "Goodbye, Columbus" and "The Human Stain".

Roth has won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, the National Book Award, and several other awards. He studied at the University of Chicago.

Roth died at a Manhattan hospital of congestive heart failure on May 22, 2018 at the age of 85.

Soteira

Soteira (, male Soter, ) is an epithet that was added to the names of gods and goddesses in Greek mythology. It means "Saviour". It expresses the fact that the speaker expects the deity to save them and cleanse them of evil. It has been used with Artemis, Persephone, and Athena.

Thomas Middleton

Thomas Middleton (1580-1627) was a Jacobean dramatist. He is believed by some experts to have helped Shakespeare with plays such as Timon of Athens. His own plays include "The Revenger's Tragedy". He also worked with other writers of his day like John Webster.


John Webster

John Webster (1580-1634) was an English dramatist. He was perhaps best known for his plays "The Duchess of Malfi" and "The White Devils".


Division of Bonner

The Division of Bonner is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was created in 2004 and is named after Neville Bonner, the first Indigenous Australian elected to the Parliament of Australia. Bonner was a Queensland Liberal Senator. There are only three other divisions named for Aboriginal people, Bennelong in New South Wales, Blair in Queensland and Lingiari in the Northern Territory.

The Division of Bonner covers the eastern areas of Brisbane, including Chandler, Carindale, Manly, Mount Gravatt, Wishart and Wynnum.


Neville Bonner

Neville Thomas Bonner AO (28 March 19225 February 1999) was an Australian politician, and the first Indigenous Australian member of the Parliament of Australia. He was appointed by the Queensland Parliament to fill a vacancy in the Senate. He later became the first Indigenous Australian to be elected to the parliament. Bonner was an elder of the Jagera people.

Bonner was born on Ukerebagh Island, in the Tweed River in northern New South Wales. He never knew his father and had very little education. He worked on a farm, and in 1946 moved to Palm Island, near Townsville, Queensland. He became Assistant Settlement Overseer.

In 1960, he moved to Ipswich, and joined the board of directors of the One People of Australia League (OPAL). This was an indigenous rights organisation. He became its Queensland president in 1970. He joined the Liberal Party in 1967 and held local office in the party. Following the resignation of Liberal Senator Dame Annabelle Rankin in 1971, Bonner was chosen to replace her. He became the first indigenous Australian to sit in the Australian Parliament. He was elected in his own right in 1972, 1974, 1975 and 1980.

While in the Senate he served on a number of committees. He was never a serious candidate for promotion to the ministry. He rebelled against the Liberal Party policy on some issues. Partly as a result of this, and partly due to pressure from younger candidates, he was dropped from the Liberal Senate ticket at the 1983 election. He stood as an independent and was nearly successful. The Hawke government made him a director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.

Bonner was almost unique in being both an indigenous activist and a political conservative. He owed his political career to this combination. Other indigenous activists treated him badly, and they accused him of being a "token" in the Liberal Party.

In 1979, Bonner was jointly named Australian of the Year along with naturalist Harry Butler. In 1984, Bonner was made an Officer of the Order of Australia. From 1992 to 1996, he was member of the Griffith University Council. The university gave him an honorary doctorate in 1993. In 1998, he was elected to the Constitutional Convention as a candidate of Australians for a Constitutional Monarchy. 

He died in Ipswich in 1999, at the age 76.

The Neville Bonner Memorial Scholarship was set up by the Australian government in 2000. It gives money so that Indigenous Australians can study politics or related subjects at Australian universities.

The Queensland federal electorate of Bonner is named in his honour. A rugby league oval in Ipswich was named the Neville Bonner Sporting Complex in his honour. This oval was the home of an indigenous team, but is now the official home of the Queensland Cup team, the Ipswich Jets. The suburb of Bonner in Canberra, Australia's national capital, also bears his name. The head office of the Queensland Department of Communities, Child Safety and Disability Services is named the "Neville Bonner Building".

Bonner was an active boomerang thrower. One of his boomerangs can be seen at the Old Parliament House in Canberra.


The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love

The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love is a 1995 comedy movie with lesbian themes. It is about high school students who fall into love with one another.

This movie was released in the United States in mid-June 1995. It was released in the United Kingdom in September 1996. The movie got good reviews and publicity in the Sundance Film Festival.

Go Fish (movie)

Go Fish is a 1994 American romantic comedy movie. The movie is about young lesbians around Chicago. This movie was released in the United States in mid-June of 1994. The movie received several awards.

Turgay Yıldız

Turgay Yıldız (3 March 1965 - 22 July 2021) was a Turkish theatre actor, director, comedian, playwright and politician.

Yıldız was born in Ankara. He graduated from Ankara University Faculty of Language and History-Geography Department of Theatre in 1987. He worked as playwright, actor and director at theatres. He hosted television programs at TRT, Flash TV, Avrasya TV with his friend Bahadır Tokmak.

Yıldız was nominated by Democratic Left Party as candidate for Mayor of Çankaya, Ankara in 2009 local elections.

He was attending EC English language school in Los Angeles, pursuing his career as a scriptwriter for Turkish drama and political satire.

Girls' Generation-TTS

Girls' Generation-TTS (Hangul: 소녀시대-태티서, also known as TTS, TaeTiSeo, or Girls' Generation-TaeTiSeo), was the sub-unit of the girl group Girls' Generation, formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2012. It was composed of three Girls' Generation members: Taeyeon, Tiffany and Seohyun, who the last two left the agency and the group in 2017. The group released their first EP entitled "Twinkle", in 2012. The second EP, "Holler", was released in 2014. Then in December 2015, a third EP entitled "Dear Santa" was released as a Christmas special.

On April 19, 2012, S.M. Entertainment officially announced the formation of the sub-group, affirming in its official press release that the intention was "to gain the attention of fans with all aspects of music, performances and fashion styles." He also hinted at the possibility of other sub-groups. The name "TaeTiSeo" or "TTS" was created by the first syllables of Taeyeon, Tiffany and Seohyun.

Compared to the members of Girls' Generation the main focus of TTS is on the vocal ability of each member while the original group places more emphasis in general on songs and group performances. 

The single "Twinkle" was released on iTunes for everyone on April 29, 2012, along with a music video on April 30, achieving more than 10 million views on YouTube in just one week. In November 2017, the music video had 78 million views. The mini-album with the same name, "Twinkle", was released digitally on April 30th5 and physically on May 2nd. The next day TTS started their album promotions in various music programs.

They became the first sub-group to achieve a "triple crown" in music shows in South Korea, they reigned in place for three consecutive weeks at No. 1. At that time, "Twinkle" was the album with the highest charts by a Korean artist in iTunes United States and was in the 126th place of Billboard 200. The song received 2,520,485 digital downloads in South Korea in July 2014, and the album sold 144,000 copies in South Korea, and some 28,000 more copies abroad. During the same year, the group also participated in the SMTown Live World Tour III where they presented "Twinkle", as well as a special performance by Usher who sang the song "DJ Got Us Fallin 'In Love" with EXO.During the same year, the group also participated in the SMTown Live World Tour III where they presented "Twinkle", as well as a special performance by Usher who sang the song "DJ Got Us Fallin 'In Love" with EXO.

The group released their second mini-album, "Holler", in September 2014. The album debuted at number one on the South Korea's Gaon Album chart and also on "Billboard" World Albums. Reaching number one on the "Billboard" makes TTS the third Korean artist and the first female group to get more than number 1 on this chart. They previously reached number one, with their debut release, "Twinkle" in 2012. During an interview with Billboard, the three singers said: 

They also revealed that Seohyun wrote the lyrics of one of his songs, "Only U" while Tiffany was the visual director of "Holler" music video concept. During the promotions, the three singers performed on the reality show "The TaeTiSeo". The show had on the personal side of Taeyeon, Tiffany and Seohyun, revealing how they live their normal daily life and what they do in their spare time. Several images of the preparation of the album were also shown.

In December 2015, TTS released its third special Christmas EP, entitled "Dear Santa". The album debuted at number two on the weekly Gaon chart of South Korea and has sold at least 60,456 copies to date. Seohyun wrote the lyrics to the title track "Dear Santa". As an effort to support music education for children in Asia, TTS contributed a part of the album's sales profits to a charity called "SMile for U", a campaign held between SM Entertainment and UNICEF.


Changmin

Shim Changmin (born 18 February 1988) is a Korean singer, songwriter, model and actor. He was the youngest member of the boy band TVXQ. He started with TVXQ in 2003.

Shim was born and grew up in Seoul, South Korea.

Hetalia: Axis Powers

Hetalia: Axis Powers () is a Japanese webcomic by Hidekaz Himaruya. It has been made into a manga and anime series. The stories are based on political and historical events. The characters are personifications of countries and that play off both good and bad cultural stereotypes. The main characters include Italy, Germany, Japan, America, England/Britain, France, Russia, and China. The anime has a large fanbase throughout the internet and are known as "Hetalians". 

The main events happen in World War II, but many others happen during different time periods. The series uses satire and humour to show events. Interactions between the countries are shown as social and romantic, as well as misunderstandings. 

Italy Veneziano (イタリアヴェネツィアーノ Itaria Veneziāno), or Italy (イタリア Itaria) is the main character in Hetalia. He is shown to be bright, happy, and a bit of a quitter. He is the grandson of Ancient Rome, and the brother of Italy Romano. Veneziano represents the northern part of Italy, while Romano is the southern part. He is cowardly and flies the white flag a lot, which means he was surrendering. 

He is voiced by Daisuke Namikawa in Japanese, and Todd Haberkorn in English. In a portion of the show where he was shown as a child, he was voiced by Aki Kanada in Japanese, and Brina Palencia in English. In 2008, he got the name Feliciano Vargas. His brother got the name Lovino Vargas.

Germany (ドイツ, Doitsu) is a supporting character in Hetalia. He is serious and hard-working. He can get angry at times, but it is shown he is actually very sweet inside. He has an older brother, Prussia, who represents the former country Prussia and the eastern part of modern-day Germany. Germany represents the west part. 

He is voiced by Hiroki Yasumoto in Japanese, and Patrick Seitz in English. In 2008, he got the name Ludwig. He does not have a canon last name, but his brother does. Prussia received the name Gilbert Beilschmidt.

Japan (日本, Nihon) is a shy and reserved supporting character. He gets very uncomfortable when others get close to him. He is quiet and tends to stay out of conversations.

He is voiced by Hiroki Takahashi in Japanese, and Christopher Bevins in English. In 2008 he received the name Kiku Honda.

America (アメリカ Amerika) is energetic, ignorant, and loves food. He considers himself the "hero" and is quite obnoxious. He has a brother that represents Canada.

He is voiced by Katsuyuki Konishi in Japanese, and Eric Vale in English. As a child, he was voiced by Ai Iwamura in Japanese and Luci Christian in English. In 2008, he received the name Alfred F. Jones, and his brother received the name Matthew Williams.

United Kingdom/England (イギリス Igirisu) is irritable, cynical, and sharp-tongued. He possesses large, bushy eyebrows. He is known for being a terrible cook, and has the ability to see supernatural creatures and perform magic curses.

He is voiced by Noriaki Sugiyama in Japanese and is voiced by Steven Kelly. He was formerly voiced by Scott Freeman and Taliesin Jaffe. In 2008, he received the name Arthur Kirkland.

France (フランス Furansu) is carefree and overly-romantic. He often makes sexual passes at other characters. Despite a long history of military defeats, he believes he is gifted with "charms" and supreme cooking skills.

He is voiced by Masaya Onosaka in Japanese and J. Michael Tatum in English. In 2008, he received the name Francis Bonnefoy.

Russia (ロシア Roshia) is the tallest of the nations, and has a muscular build. Although he is seemingly kind, his brutal history has severely traumatized him and left him with child-like cruelty. Many of the other nations are terrified of him.

He is voiced by Yasuhiro Takato in Japanese and Jerry Jewell in English. In 2008, he received the name Ivan Braginsky.

MBLAQ

MBLAQ is a South Korean boy band. They have five members: Seungho, G.O., Joon, Thunder, and Mir. The letters MBLAQ is an initialism for Music Boys Live in Absolute Quality.









Itä-Häme (newspaper)

Itä-Häme is a newspaper published in Heinola and neighbouring towns in Itä-Häme, Finland. It was established in 1927 in Sysmä.


Lowitja O'Donoghue

Dr. Lowitja "Lois" O'Donoghue, (1 August 1932 – 4 February 2024) is an Aboriginal Australian woman who worked as an administrator of several Commonwealth organisations. She was the founding chairperson of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission (ATSIC). She was named Australian of the Year in 1984.

Lowitja O'Donoghue was born at Granite Downs, a cattle station located on the Stuart Highway in northwest South Australia. Her father, Tom O'Donoghue, was a stockman of Irish descent. Her mother, Lily, was one of the native Yankunytjatjara people. Tom and Lily met while Tom was working at Everard Park, another cattle station on the traditional country of the Yankunytjatjara. The couple moved to Granite Downs, known as Indulkana to the Yankunytjatjara, in 1925. Lowitja was born here around 1 August 1932. She was the fifth of six children.

In 1934, members of the United Aborigines' Mission visited the community at Indulkana. They persuaded Lowitja's mother that it would be best for her children to be brought up by the missionaries. There was no school in Granite Downs, and they were concerned about raising their children in such an isolated location. They moved with their children to Oodnadatta, and took them to the mission, which was run by the Baptist Church. Lowitja was baptised at the mission by a pastor. She was taken to be taught at Colebrook Children's Home, an Aboriginal school run by the mission in Quorn. She began learning there at the age of three.

Lowitja was two years old when she was removed from her mother. After she was removed, she did not see her mother again for 33 years. During that time, her mother did not know where her children had been taken. Despite this, Lowitja did not identify as a member of the Stolen Generations. She would later say that she preferred the word "removed" over "stolen" for her personal case. She has said she was happy living at Colebrooke and that she received a good education both there and at the Quorn Primary School. However, it is these sort of assimilation practises by the Churches that Lowitja and many others would eventually work to put an end to.

In 1944, Colebrook Home moved to Eden Hills in the south of Adelaide due to very bad water shortages. This allowed Lowitja to go to Unley High School, a local public school.

In 1979, Lowitja married Gordon Smart, a health care worker at the Repatriation Hospital. She had first met him in 1964. He died in 1991, and was buried at Quorn.

From 1950 to 1953, O'Donoghue worked as a nursing aide in Victor Harbor. The small local hospital did not run a training course. With the help of the matron, Lowitja applied to be a student nurse in Adelaide. The Royal Adelaide Hospital originally rejected her, but shortly afterwards she was offered a position as a student nurse in 1954. She qualified as a nurse and worked at the Royal Adelaide Hospital until 1961.

She spent time as a nurse with the Baptist Church working in Assam, in northern India. She replaced missionaries who were taking leave back in Australia. Due to the nearby Sino-Indian War, she was advised by the Australian government to evacuate to Calcutta from where she returned to Australia.

After returning in 1962, she worked as an Aboriginal Liaison Officer with the South Australian Department of Education. She later transferred to the state's Department of Aboriginal Affairs. She worked there as a Welfare Officer based mainly in the north of the state, including at Coober Pedy.

In 1967, Lowitja joined the newly formed Commonwealth Department of Aboriginal Affairs, which was in charge of Aboriginal welfare across Australia. She worked in the department's Adelaide office. After eight years, she became the Director of the department's office in South Australia. She was responsible for implementing the national Aboriginal welfare policy in South Australia. After a short while, she left the public service.

Lowitja was a chairperson of the National Aboriginal Congress for a short time in the early 1980s. She was later appointed chairperson of the Aboriginal Development Commission. In 1990, she was appointed chairperson of the newly created Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission (ATSIC). In 1991, she, along with Alf Bamblett and Steve Gordon, became the first Aboriginal people to attend a Cabinet meeting. In December 1992, she became the first Aboriginal Australian to address the United Nations General Assembly. She remained as chairperson of ATSIC until 1996. She was replaced by Gatjil Djerrkura, who was considered by the Howard Government to be more moderate.

In 1976, O'Donoghue was the first Aboriginal woman to be inducted into the new Order of Australia. The award was in recognition of her work in welfare. She was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1983. She was named Australian of the Year in 1984, for her work to improve the welfare of indigenous Australians. She was made a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) in 1999. O'Donoghue was inducted into the Olympic Order in 2000. She was made Dame of the Order of St Gregory the Great by Pope John Paul II in 2005.

O'Donoghue has received honorary doctorates from Murdoch University, the University of South Australia, the Australian National University, the Queensland University of Technology and Flinders University. She was made an honorary professorial fellow at Flinders University in 2000. 

In 1979 she married Gordon Smart, a medical orderly at the Repatriation Hospital, whom she had first met in 1964. He died in 1991 or 1992. He had six adult children from a previous marriage, but they had no children together.

On 4 February 2024 her family announced in a statement she had died in Adelaide, South Australia. O'Donoghue was 91.


Eurocopter AS-565 Panther

The Eurocopter AS-565 Panther is a military variant of the AS-365 Dauphin 2's helicopter. It is specially designed for naval missions. But some of them are used by army aviations, like in Brazil.

AS-565 Panther are used in Angola, Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Israel, Mexico, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, and UAE.


Harbin Z-9

The Harbin Z-9 is a Chinese military helicopter. It is a variant of the French Aérospatiale SA-365 Dauphin 2. Some of them were built for foreign countries.

Eurocopter EC155

The Eurocopter EC155 is the third generation of the Dauphin family of helicopters. Built by French and Germans, it is used both by civilian and military operators.

List of Atlantic hurricanes in the 17th century

While information for every storm that happened is not available, some parts of the coastline had enough people to give info of hurricane happenings. Each season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic basin. Most tropical cyclone formation occurs between June 1 and November 30.



Lesbianism in erotica

Lesbianism has been performed in visual arts since the times of ancient Rome. For much of history of cinema and television, lesbianism was regarded as taboo. But since the 1960s, it has increasingly become a theme within its own right. It was first used in softcore movies and erotic thrillers during the 1980s. Acts of lovemaking between women first happened during several movies in the late 1960s: "The Killing of Sister George", "Therese and Isabelle" and "The Fox". Lesbian scenes during movies are always subject to controversy. Many people say that the MPAA has been harsh on movies with homosexual themes. One notable example of this regards the movie "When Night Is Falling", which was given an NC-17. The movie, though, was released unrated.

The Killing of Sister George

The Killing of Sister George is a 1964 stage play and 1968 erotic drama movie. The story shows lesbian romances. Sister George is a character in the radio series "Applehurst". The movie of 1968 was rated X by the MPAA because of a graphic lesbian sex scene. It put a limit on movie screenings and its ability to advertise in mainstream newspapers. In the United Kingdom, there were censorship issues. The movie was only passed under an X-rating in the United Kingdom after a part about lesbian sex was removed.

Chris Froome

Christopher Froome (born 20 May 1985) is a British road racing cyclist. He was born in Nairobi, Kenya, into a British family. He moved to South Africa when he was 14. He lives in Monaco. He rides for Team Ineos. He won a bronze medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games in Algiers, competing for Kenya. He won a bronze medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, competing for Great Britain. He came second in both the 2011 Vuelta a España and the 2012 Tour de France. He won the Tour de France in 2013, 2015, 2016 and 2017. 

Australian of the Year

The Australian of the Year is an award presented on Australia Day (26 January) every year to an important Australian. The awards began in 1960 and are supported by the Australian government and several major companies. The awards are given by the National Australia Day Council. Over the years it has grown to include the Young Australian of the Year and the Senior Australian of the Year. An award to honor people at a local community level has also been developed as the Australian Local Hero. The first Australian of the Year was Nobel Prize winner, Sir Macfarlane Burnet.


Inflatable boat

An inflatable boat is a kind of boat which is made from rubber. It is filled with air. In some boats is possible to install outboard motor. Inflatable boats are usually made to fit into small places so they can be moved easily. Some inflatable boats are rigid. They have a hard floor, and the tubes of the walls are strong so they can be inflated to high pressure and become stiff. 

Vulcanization of rubber became commonplace in the 1840s and was used for inflatable objects including boats. British explorers in the Arctic used Peter Halkett's boats. Since then, they have been used for many purposes. 

Mytäjäinen

Mytäjäinen may mean


Mytäjäinen (pond)

Mytäjäinen is a small pond in Lahti, Finland. Its maximum depth is what is quite a lot because pond covers so small area. Some people swim there, including in winter time. The pond is near to "Radiomäki", Lahti city.

Joutjärvi

Joutjärvi is a lake in Lahti, Finland. Its maximum depth is .

Patricia Rozema

Patricia Rozema (born August 20, 1958) is a Canadian movie director. She is known for directing LGBT movies. She directed "I've Heard the Mermaids Singing" in 1987. She also directed "When Night is Falling", which was released in autumn 1995 in the United States.

Rozema was born in Kingston, Ontario.

Pikku-Vesijärvi

Pikku-Vesijärvi is a lake in Lahti, Finland. Its maximum depth is (1998).

Same-sex marriage in the United Kingdom

Same-sex marriage in the United Kingdom became legal on 29 March 2014 due to the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) act of 2013. This act allows same-sex couples to marry in England and Wales. Scotland introduced same-sex marriage on 16 December 2014 for partners converting civil partnerships into marriage, but for other couples same-sex wedding ceremonies began on 31 December 2014. Northern Ireland, however, is a recent addition to the Legislation to allow same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland was passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom in July 2019 and took effect on 13 January 2020. The first same-sex marriage ceremony took place on 11 February 2020. Proposals to change that have failed. Civil partnerships began in 2005 across the UK, permitting benefits similar to marriage for same-sex couples.

Rogliano

Rogliano is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.

Vesijärvi

Vesijärvi is a lake in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. It covers about . It is next to Lahti, Asikkala and Hollola.

The water in Vesijärvi is clear. It contains many kinds of water plants.

Vesijärvi flows to Päijänne.


Emile Griffith

Emile Alphonse Griffith (February 3, 1938 – July 23, 2013) was an American boxer. He was the first person from the U.S. Virgin Islands ever to become a world champion in boxing.

Griffith later won the world middleweight title and claimed an early version of the junior middleweight world championship, a claim that has not been universally recognized although some consider Griffith a three-division champion fighter.

Griffith was born on February 3, 1938 in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. He was raised in New York City.

In 1971, two months after they met, Griffith married Mercedes (Sadie) Donastrog, who was then a member of the dance troupe "Prince Rupert and the Slave Girls." Griffith adopted Donastorg's daughter. Griffith said he was attracted to men and women. 

In 1992, he was beaten and almost killed on a New York City street, after leaving a gay bar near the Port Authority Bus Terminal. He was in the hospital for four months after the assault. It was not clear if the violence was motivated by homophobia.

Griffith died on July 23, 2013 from complications of dementia in a hospital in Hempstead, New York, aged 75.


Jokichi Ikarashi

Jokichi Ikarashi (五十嵐 丈吉; "Ikarashi Jōkichi"; 26 January 1902 – 23 July 2013) was a Japanese farmer and supercentenarian, and the oldest man ever from Niigata Prefecture before 31 August 2018, when Chitetsu Watanabe surpassed his age and, at the time of his death, the oldest living Japanese man and the world's second-oldest living man.

Ikarashi was born on 26 January 1902 in Sanjo, Niigata, as the eldest of six children in a farmer family and worked as a rice farmer after graduating from elementary school to age 50–60, when he retired in order to take care of his wife, who was ill and died at age 68 in 1973, and their grandchildren, and later grew chrysanthemums until age 91 when he fall from a pine tree and broke his left foot, but did not otherwise suffer from any severe injury or illness, and did not either drink alcohol and smoke (and believed that as the secret to a long life). On his 110th birthday in late-January 2012, Ikarashi said jokingly that he "forgot to die" and wanted to live at least fifteen years longer. However, he was mostly bedridden and only able to eat liquid food during his time as a supercentenarian.

Ikarashi died of pneumonia at 11:06am on 23 July 2013 at age 111 years, 178 days, and was the oldest living Japanese man for almost six weeks after 116-year-old Jiroemon Kimura's death the night of 12 June, and was believed to be the world's oldest living man after the 135 days older Californian man James McCoubrey's death on 5 July. However, just two days after Ikarashi's death, the oldest living man was officially confirmed to be 112-year-old Spanish-born American Salustiano Sánchez, who died on 13 September the same year (coincidencially on the same day as McCoubrey would have turned 112). Ikarashi was succeeded as Japan's oldest living man by Sakari Momoi.

Arturo Licata

Arturo Licata (2 May 1902 – 24 April 2014) was an Italian supercentenarian, who at the age of 111, was Italy's oldest living man since the death of Giuseppe Mirabella on 30 March 2012 and Europe's oldest living man since the death of 111-year-old Spanish man Francisco Fernández Fernández on 7 September 2012. Licata was the world's oldest living man since the death of Salustiano Sanchez on 13 September 2013.

Licata was born on 2 May 1902 in Enna, Sicily, Italy. He was born into a family of four brothers and two sisters.

Licata lived in Enna, Sicily, Italy. Aside from poor hearing and eyesight, he remained in good health until May 2013 when his health began to rapidly decline. Since September 2013, he was bedridden.

Licata died at his home in Enna, Italy from natural causes on 8 days before his 112th birthday.

Casey Fossum

Casey Paul Fossum (born January 6, 1978) is an American former professional baseball player. He played for the Boston Red Sox (2001–2003), Arizona Diamondbacks (2004), Tampa Bay Devil Rays (2005–2007), Detroit Tigers (2008), and New York Mets (2009) of Major League Baseball. He batted and threw left-handed.

Ted Lange

Theodore William "Ted" Lange (born January 5, 1948) is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for his role as the bartender, Isaac Washington, in the 1970s TV series "The Love Boat". 

Lange was born on January 5, 1948 in Oakland, California. He studied at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Art. Lange has been married to Mary Ley since 2001.


Kazuchika Okada

Kazuchika Okada (born November 8, 1987) is a Japanese professional wrestler who is currently working for New Japan Pro Wrestling. He is a former five-time IWGP Heavyweight Champion.

He was trained by Último Dragón at Toryumon professional wrestling school and made his debut on August 29, 2004, against Negro Navarro. He competed in New Japan Pro Wrestling from August 26, 2007 to January 31, 2010. NJPW sent him to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling for a developmental tour in 2010.

He debuted for TNA on February 16, 2010 where he lost to Alex Shelley in a dark match. He competed for TNA from 2010 to 2011 and left to return to NJPW.

On February 12, 2012 at The New Beginning, he defeated Hiroshi Tanahashi to win the IWGP Heavyweight Championship for the first time in his career. He won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship a second time on April 7, 2013 at Invasion Attack defeating Tanahashi.



Livingston County, New York

Livingston County is in New York State. About 62,000 people live there, and it is part of the Rochester metropolitan area.


Marshall Field

Marshall Field (August 18, 1834 – January 16, 1906) was an American businessman. He was the founder of Marshall Field and Company, the Chicago-based department stores.

Field was born on August 18, 1834 in Conway, Franklin County, Massachusetts. He was married two times. Field had two children. He died on January 16, 1906 in New York City, New York from pneumonia, aged 71. He was buried in Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.


Canigou

The Canigou () or Pic du Canigou is the highest of the mountains in Eastern Pyrenees; it is on the Massif du Canigou, in the department of Pyrénées-Orientales, southern France.

Because it has sharp sides and is close to the Mediterranean Sea coast, until the 18th century the Canigou was believed to be the highest mountain in the Pyrenees. On 21 July 2019, Abdullahi Abbas was officially the first Nigerian who succeeded climbing to the top of the Canigou.Pablo Bucheli, together with his sherpa Abigail White, was the first Ecuadorian on the top of the mountain.

Canigou is in the Regional Natural Park of the Catalan Pyrenees (; , often shortened as "Parc del Pirineu Català"), close to the eastern border of the park.

The Canigou peak is high. It is on a short mountain range, the Massif du Canigou, which is the eastern end of the Pyrenees. The mountain is the 395th highest mountain in France.

The first writings where the mountain is mentioned date from 949 with "Montis Canigonis" and "Monte Canigone" in Latin. The first written name of the mountain in Catalan ("Canigó") dates back to 1300, and from this comes "Canigou" in French.

The first ascent to Canigou was in 1285 by Peter III of Aragon, King of Aragon. This fact is mentioned in a chronicle written by Fra Salimbene, an Italian monk. It seems that the king did not go to the top of the peak.

Although the dominant climate is largely Mediterranean at its base, the Canigou has several climate zones:

Although variable from one year to the next, snow is generally continuous over , from mid-November to late May. The mean temperature in July is and in January is .

This mountain is a symbol for Catalan people. On its top there is a cross that is often decorated with the Catalan flag.

Every year on 23 June, the night before St. John's day ("nit de Sant Joan"), there is a ceremony called "Flama del Canigó" (Canigou Flame), where a fire is lit at the mountaintop. People spend the night there and take torches lit on that fire in a spectacular torch relay to light bonfires somewhere else. Some estimates conclude that about 30,000 bonfires are lit in this way all over Catalonia on that night.

The "Massif du Canigou" is a mountain range in the Pyrenees in the French department of Pyrénées-Orientales. It is the part of the Pyrenees nearest to the Mediterranean Sea.

There are two old monasteries at the foot of the mountain, "Martin-du-Canigou" and "Saint-Michel-de-Cuxa".

On 16 July 2012, the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development and Energy of France named the "Massif du Canigou" as a Grand Site of France.

The main peaks of this mountain range are:


Foreign relations of Vanuatu

Vanuatu has diplomatic relations with more than 65 countries. It has a very small network of embassies. Only Australia, France, New Zealand, and the People's Republic of China have embassies, high commissions, or missions in Port Vila. The British High Commission closed in 2005, after having been there for almost 100 years.
The government's main concern has been to improve the economy. It has a strong need for foreign aid, so Vanuatu has joined the Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Since 1980, Australia, France, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand have provided most of Vanuatu's development aid.
Vanuatu's foreign policy is fairly neutral. It stayed neutral during the Cold War. They have been a member of the Non-Aligned Movement since 1983. However, it has always given strong support for self-determination and decolonisation, especially throughout Melanesia. Vanuatu became independent from France and the United Kingdom in 1980. The first government recognised the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic in November of the same year. It recognised the State of Palestine in August 1989. Later governments recognised Kosovo in 2010 and Abkhazia in 2011. Vanuatu has also supported the independence of New Caledonia and East Timor, and it strongly supports the Free Papua Movement in western New Guinea. Its relations with Indonesia have suffered because of this. Relations with Australia and New Zealand are a major focus of Vanuatu's foreign policy.
Vanuatu established diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1983, and Libya in 1986. It established diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union and the United States in June and September 1986, respectively. Relations with the United States were bad until the late 1980s. Relations with France remained bad throughout the 1980s. Vanuatu under Walter Lini also tried to create strong relations with Asia. By the end of the 1980s, the country had established diplomatic relations with the China, Japan, South Korea, North Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam and the Philippines.

Australia and Vanuatu have very strong ties. Australia has given most of the help to Vanuatu's military. It is also Vanuatu's largest source of foreign investment, tourists, and foreign aid. Vanuatu also has strong ties to other Pacific countries. 
It is a full member of the Pacific Islands Forum, and several other regional organisations. It has been a member of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie since 1979. It was admitted to the Commonwealth of Nations in 1980 and to the United Nations in 1981. Vanuatu is currently the only Pacific nation that belongs to the Non-Aligned Movement.

List of British High Commissioners in Port Vila:

New South Wales Legislative Assembly

The New South Wales Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the parliament of New South Wales in Australia. The upper house is the Legislative Council. Both sit at Parliament House in the state capital, Sydney. The Assembly has 93 members, each elected to a single-member constituency, known as seats. Voting is by the optional preferential system.
Members of the Legislative Assembly have the acronym MP after their names.
Until 1990, the acronym "MLA" ( Member of the Legislative Assembly ) was used.

CNBLUE

CNBLUE is a South Korean rock band formed in Seoul in 2009. There are four members: Jung Yong-hwa (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Lee Jong-hyun (lead guitar, vocals), Lee Jung Shin (bass guitar, vocals) and Kang Min-hyuk (drums, vocals).

They have toured in South Korea and Japan.


Hiroto Kōmoto

Hiroto Kōmoto (/, born 17 March 1963) is a Japanese rock singer. He was born in the city of Okayama in Okayama Prefecture. He dropped out of the department of economics in Housei University. He is an executive vice-president of a corporation (HAPPY SONG). He is married. He had sung in many famous rock bands. He sings in The Cro-Magnons these days.

Ryo Nishikido

Nishikido was born in Osaka on 3 November 1984. He started as an actor and a singer in 2004. In 2006, Nishikido held his first concert as a solo artist. He also acts in television dramas. His friends are Tomohisa Yamashita, Jin Akanishi and Yu Shirota. They are also actors.

Sport in the Czech Republic

Sport is an important part of Czech culture. It is a strong source of patriotism. The two most popular sports in the Czech Republic are football and ice hockey. They both get the most attention from both the media and the public. The many other sports with professional teams in the Czech Republic include basketball, volleyball, handball, athletics, floorball and others.

The sporting events considered the most important in the Czech Republic are the Ice Hockey World Championships, the Olympic ice hockey tournament, the European football championship, and the football World Cup. In general, any international match involving the Czech national ice hockey or football team draws attention, especially when played against a traditional rival: Germany and Slovakia in football; and Russia, Finland, Sweden, Canada and Slovakia in ice hockey.

The Czech national ice hockey team is one of the most successful teams in the world. It regularly competes in the World Championships, the Olympic Games and the Euro Hockey Tour. The national team won their first Olympic Gold medal at the 1998 Winter Games in Nagano. The Czech team won six World Championship medals between 1996 to 2011. The highest-ranking ice hockey competition in the Czech Republic is the Extraliga. Famous Czech players include Jaromír Jágr, Dominik Hašek, Patrik Eliáš, Aleš Hemský, Tomáš Kaberle, Milan Michálek and Robert Lang.

Football has been a popular sport among Czechs for many years. Previously the old Czechoslovakia team were a strong team internationally. In 2006, the Czech national team qualified for their first World Cup since the break-up of Czechoslovokia. More recently players such as Petr Čech, Tomáš Rosický and Pavel Nedvěd have achieved great success at top European clubs and have become national icons.

American football began to be played in the Czech Republic from the 1980s. The Czech Association of American football ("") was created in 1994. Since then it has developed a league system that is divided into two divisions: ČLAF A and ČLAF B. The most successful team is Prague Panthers, whom have won 12 titles.

The A7 series is an independent league. It was created for small and rookie teams. It is 7-on-7 football. The final match of the season is called Rice bowl. A7 series is less expensive than ČLAF so it can play teams from small towns which don't have sponsors.


Shooting is the third most popular sport in the Czech Republic. Winter sports are also very popular. The country has hosted world championship tournaments for Nordic skiing, ski jumping, and luge. Several Czech competitors have won medals in these kinds of sports internationally, including at the Winter Olympics.

The Czech Republic hosts several tennis events each year, including the UniCredit Czech Open in Prostějov and Prosperita Open in Ostrava, the Sparta Prague Open and Strabag Prague Open in Prague. The best Czech tennis players include Tomáš Berdych, Radek Štěpánek, Martina Navratilova and Petra Kvitová.


Flash animation

A Flash animation or Flash cartoon is an animated video that is created by Adobe Flash or a similar animation software. The video is usually distributed in the .swf file format. They are often distributed on the World Wide Web, in which case they are often referred to as Internet cartoons, online cartoons, or webtoons.


Sexy Zone

Sexy Zone is a Japanese boy band managed by Johnny & Associates. It started in 2011. The five members of the band are Nakajima Kento, Kikuchi Fuma, Sato Shori, Matsushima Sou, and Marius Yo. They were chosen because of their male sexiness.

Sexy Zone first performed at Johnnys Imperial Theatre Special with their first song "Sexy Zone". This was released on November 16, 2011, by Pony Canyon. This song is also the theme song of the 2011 FIVB Women's World Cup and the 2011 FIVB Men's World Cup. They are special supporters of 2011 FIVB World Cup.





Live performance

Live performance may refer to:


Philippe of Belgium

Philippe (, , ; born Castle of Laeken, Brussels, 15 April 1960) is the King of the Belgians and a constitutional monarch. He is the son of King Albert II and his wife Paola of Belgium. On 21 July 2013, King Philippe I was named king of the Belgians when Albert II abdicated.


Lianna

Lianna is a 1983 lesbian-themed drama movie. The title character is the wife of a college professor teaching at a University in New Jersey. This woman takes up child psychology with a friend named Sandy.

"Lianna" received several positive reviews from critics. The movie was released January 1983 in the United States.

DIP switch

A DIP switch (standing for dual in-line package switch) is a small electric switch, packaged in a dual in-line package as though it were an integrated circuit. It typically has several switches, with each one connection between two opposite pins on the package. One side of the switch is usually marked to be the "ON" side, so that it is clear which way the switches need to be moved to complete the circuit.

Time switch

A time switch is an electric switch that switches after the time period that the user has set. It can be mechanical or electrical.

List of television stations in the Philippines

This is a list of analog television stations in the Philippines. Currently, there are two major networks competing for bigger audience share; GMA Network Inc. and TV5 Network, Inc. (ABS-CBN is also one of the largest analog broadcasters until they lost their frequency because their legislative franchise has expired and the congress has also denied their application for franchise renewal.) Most free-to-air networks are popularly known by their flagship channels (e.g. IBC 13, RPN 9, TV5 and GMA 7 (Manila) instead of simply Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation, Radio Philippines Network/CNN Philipphines, TV5 Network and GMA Network respectively). Analog television in the Philippines began to shut down on February 28, 2017, and is scheduled to complete by 2023. Currently, all analog TV stations are still using the NTSC standard.

These frequencies are used in Philippine Analog Television broadcasting.

The following TV Station is inactive and this station is still off-the-air until now, as this station is using higher than the NTC's Philippine Television Frequency for UHF, which is between 471.25 MHz and 693.25 MHz (Video Carrier).

The frequencies above 700 MHz (Channels 52 to 69 are assigned from 699.25 MHz to 801.25 MHz Video Carrier) was used for Wireless Broadband Providers and Public Communications.

For more details, refer to Pan-American television frequencies.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Signals can be seen in some parts of Metro Manila

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Signals can be seen in some parts of Metro Manila

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Signals can be seen in some parts of Metro Manila


William Longsword

William I Longsword ( – 17 December 942) was the second "Duke of Normandy". William added to his father's territories. He also began to expand Norman influence in West Francia (France). 

William was born to the Viking Rollo and his Christian wife Poppa of Bayeux. He was born overseas probably in England.

William succeeded his father as leader in 927 Early in his reign he faced a rebellion from by other Normans who did not think he was fit to lead them. The leader of this rebellion was Riouf of Évreux. At this same time William sent his wife Sprota to Fécamp where their son Richard was born.

In 933, William I Longsword swore to Raoul as King of Western Francia. In turn Raoul gave him lordship over much of the lands of the Bretons including Avranches and the Cotentin. But the Bretons fought to keep these lands. They were led by Alan II, Duke of Brittany and Count Berenger of Rennes. It ended shortly with Alan fleeing to England and Beranger seeking to be on friendly terms with the Normans. In 935, William arranged a marriage between his sister Adela and William, count of Poitou with the approval of Hugh the Great. At the same time William married Luitgarde, daughter of count Herbert II of Vermandois. Her dowry gave William the lands of Longueville, Coudres and Illiers l'Eveque. 
William Longsword attacked Flanders in 939 and Arnulf I, Count of Flanders, and Louis IV, King of France, attacked Normandy because of this. Arnulf captured the castle of Montreuil-sur-Mer defeating Herluin, Count of Ponthieu. Herluin helped William Longsword to take back the castle. William was excommunicated for attacking and destroying lands belonging to Arnulf. William pledged his loyalty to King Louis IV when they met in 940. In return for this he was confirmed in lands that had been given to his father, Rollo. Almost three years later, on 17 December 942 at Picquigny on the Somme, William Longsword was attacked and killed by followers of Arnulf while at a peace conference to settle their differences.

William had one son with Sprota. 


William married secondly Luitgarde, daughter of Herbert II, Count of Vermandois. They had no children.

Wall plug

A wall plug (U.K. term), or screw anchor (U.S. term), is a tool for putting a screw into a wall.

Prince George of Wales

Prince George of Wales (or George Alexander Louis; born 22 July 2013) is the son of William, Prince of Wales and of Catherine, Princess of Wales. He is second in line to succeed his grandfather King Charles III to the Monarchy of the United Kingdom, as well as the other 15 Commonwealth realms, following his father.




Rapcore

Rapcore (also called Punk rap) is a sub-genre of rap rock that fuses hip hop with punk rock.

Fred Dretske

Frederick Irwin Dretske (December 9, 1932 in Waukegan, Illinois – July 24, 2013) was an American philosopher. He was known for his works to epistemology and the philosophy of mind.

Dretske was born on December 9, 1932 in Waukegan, Illinois. 

His later work centered on conscious experience and self-knowledge. Additionally, he was awarded the Jean Nicod Prize in 1994. Dretske received his Ph.D from The University of Minnesota and taught for a number of years at the University of Wisconsin–Madison before moving to Stanford University. 

After retiring from Stanford, he moved to Duke University where he was Senior Research Scholar in Philosophy until his death in 2013. Dretske died on July 24, 2013 from heart failure, aged 80.


Tom Corbett

Thomas W. "Tom" Corbett (born June 17, 1949) is an American politician. He was the 46th Governor of Pennsylvania from 2011 to 2015. He was Attorney General of Pennsylvania before that. His performance had mixed reviews. The popularity of him was very low in the polls. He lost his re-election campaign in 2014 to Tom Wolf.

Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma

Admiral of the Fleet Louis Francis Albert Victor Nicholas Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, (born "Prince Louis of Battenberg"; 25 June 1900 – 27 August 1979), known informally as Lord Mountbatten, was a British statesman and naval officer, an uncle of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and second cousin once removed to Elizabeth II. He was involved in World War 1 in the Navy from 1914-1918 fighting against the German Empire led by Kaiser Wilhelm II . He was also fighting against the Empire of Japan (Japanese Empire) led by Emperor Hirohito and Nazi Germany (Third Reich ) led by Adolf Hitler and the Italian Empire led by Mussolini during World War 2 from 1939-1945 in the Royal Navy .

He served in the Navy from 1913-1965 from the prelude of World War 1 in 1913 to the Post World War 2 Era during the Cold War in 1965 .


Richard Erdman

Richard "Dick" Erdman (June 1, 1925 – March 16, 2019) was an American actor, movie director and movie producer. He was known for his roles in "Stalag 17", "Cry Danger", "The Men", and in "Anything Goes". He appeared as Leonard Rodriguez in "Community".

Erdman was born on June 1, 1925 in Enid, Oklahoma. He was married to Leza Holland from 1948 until they divorced in 1950. He married Sharon Randall in 1953. They had one daughter, Erica who died in 2010. Erdman died on March 16, 2019 in Los Angeles from dementia-related complications at the age of 93.

Ayushita

Ayu Sita Widyastuti Nugraha (born June 9, 1989, Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian pop singer, hip hop dancer, actress, and host.






The Butler

Lee Daniels' The Butler is a 2013 American historical drama movie directed by Lee Daniels. It is based on Eugene Allen, who was a White House butler during eight American presidencies from 1952 to 1986. It was the last movie produced by Laura Ziskin.

The fictional Cecil Gaines is based on Eugene Allen who worked at the White House during eight presidential terms from 1952 to 1986. He started as a "pantry man," was promoted to butler, and then Maître d'hôtel.



Rosiers-d'Égletons

Rosiers-d'Égletons is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France. It is part of the canton of Égletons. The village is named after the Rosier family, which is the family that Popes Clement VI and Gregory XI belonged to. The coat of arms of the commune originally belonged to the Rosier family. People from Rosiers-d'Égletons are often called Rosiérois.

The Rosier (or Roger) family lived in Limousin in central France. Two members of this family became popes:

The exact location where Popes Clement VI and Gregory were born is not known with certainty. We know only that they were baptised in a Church of the Roses ().



42 (movie)

42 is a 2013 American biographical sports movie written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the life of baseball player Jackie Robinson, who wore jersey number 42. "42" was released in North America on April 12, 2013.



Silvio Fazio

Silvio Fazio (April 9, 1952-) is an Italian writer. He was born in Rome, Italy.

Fazio graduated from accounting at the Institute Sandro Botticelli in Rome. He left Italy in 1977 to live in Nice, France. Fazio was the union representative for Workers' Force Ouvrière, from 2002 to 2010. In 2002 he signed the agreement for a reduction in working hours for two hotels on the French Riviera.

In 2006, Silvio Fazio published his first science fiction novel: "Il Segreto della grande porta". In 2010 he wrote the biography of Richard Ramirez, the Night Stalker, "Il Profeta di Satana". In 2012, the author released "Où les Dieux vont mourir" (French), that challenges the official interpretation given by the FBI after the massacre at Columbine High School and in two documentary films, Bowling for Columbine (Michael Moore) and Elephant (Gus Van Sant). On April 6, 2009 the writer survives the terrible earthquake in Abruzzo (l’Aquila) and harshly criticized the Italian government for its deficiency of efficacy in the relief efforts for the victims.

The author doesn't like the society gossip column and he declines any International Book Fair that he considers not-literary conventions. Fazio wrote some shorts novels for anthologies for Perrone Publisher and, sometimes, he use pseudonyms. He wrote, also, articles for the Italian web log: Fronte della Comunicazione. 




Controlled-access highway

A controlled-access highway is a highway designed to allow traffic to safely travel at fast speeds. They are known by various terms around the world. The name motorway is used in the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand and some other Commonwealth nations. In North America and Australia, the name freeway is used. In Germany, they are called Autobahns.

These kinds of highways have four lanes or more. They carry many vehicles. They have no traffic-lights or ground level intersections. All roads crossing the highway go over a bridge or a tunnel. Ramps connect the highways to smaller roads and other highways. The place where highways meet these roads are called junctions or interchanges. Places where cars can leave or enter the motorway are called exits. Many freeways do not allow slower traffic, such as bicycles and pedestrians, to enter them.

Most controlled-access highways are divided with at least two lanes going each way, but they can be much wider in large cities.

North American Aviation T2J Buckeye

The North American Aviation T2J Buckeye is an American training jet aircraft. From 1959 to 1962 it was called T2J but since 1962 it is called T-2. It was one of the major training aircraft of the US Navy. Some were used in Vietnam War for observations flights. A lot of T2J were used in Greece and Venezuela.

Art Clokey

Arthur "Art" Clokey (October 12, 1921 – January 8, 2010) was an American animator. He was one of the first people to make stop motion clay animation popular. His work began in 1955 with a short movie called "Gumbasia". Clokey's work was influenced by his professor at the University of Southern California, Slavko Vorkapich. He and his wife Ruth later created the clay character Gumby. Gumby and his horse Pokey became popular characters on television. They first appeared in the "Howdy Doody Show", and later got their own series "The Adventures of Gumby".

Clokey was born Arthur Charles Farrington in Detroit, Michigan. When he was nine years old, his parents divorced. He stayed with his father, Charles Farrington. After his father died in a car accident, he went to live with his mother in California. However, his stepfather refused to raise another man's son, and so Arthur was sent to an orphanage. When he was 11 or 12, he was adopted by Joseph W. Clokey. Clokey was a classical music composer and organist who taught music in Claremont, California. He taught Arthur painting, drawing, and filmmaking.

The name of Gumby comes from Arthur's childhood, when he would play with a clay and mud mixture called "gumbo".

Before he made Gumby, Clokey did a few experiments with clay animation. Most of these were short movies for adults, including his first movie "Gumbasia". Clokey made this in 1953, and released it in 1955. It consisting of animated clay shapes dancing to jazz music. The title "Gumbasia" was named after Walt Disney's "Fantasia". In 1963, he made "The Clay Peacock". This was a reinvention of the animated NBC logo of the time. Clokey's third short movie was "Mandala" (6 minutes, 30 seconds). He made it from 1974-1977, and it was released on August 31, 1977. He described it as a metaphor for the evolving human consciousness. All three of these animations were later released to the public on several collections of "Gumby" television shorts.

"Gumbasia" caught the attention of Samuel G. Engel, president of the Motion Pictures Producers Association. He paid Clokey to make a short pilot for what became "The Gumby Show" (1957). In 1995, Clokey worked with Dallas McKennon to make "", a full-length movie. It was not very successful. In the mid-1990s, Nickelodeon signed a contract with Art Clokey to show every episode of "Gumby". It was on top of their ratings for over three years.

Clokey's second most-famous work was the "Davey and Goliath" cartoon.

Clokey died on January 8, 2010, at his home in Los Osos, California. He was 88 years old. He had been suffering from a infection of the bladder.


Bartlett's Familiar Quotations

Bartlett's Familiar Quotations (often called just Bartlett's) is an American reference book. It is a collection of quotations. The book was first printed in 1855. Its eighteenth edition was published in 2012.

The quotations are listed by the name of the writer. That is different from other books of quotations that list by subject. The writers are listed by date of birth, not alphabetically. Quotations are arranged in order by time within each writer's entry. The book has an index of the main words used in the quotations. It gives the source of each quotation.

John Bartlett ran the University Book Store in Cambridge, Massachusetts. People often asked him for information on quotations. He began a book of them for reference. In 1855, he privately printed his book as "A Collection of Familiar Quotations". This first edition had 258 pages of quotations by 169 authors. Many of the quotations were from the Bible, William Shakespeare, and the great English poets.

The book was a great success. Bartlett issued three more editions before joining the Boston publishing firm of Little, Brown, and Company. Bartlett supervised nine editions of the work before his death in 1905.

The tenth edition (1914) was edited by Nathan Haskell Dole. It began with quotations originally in English. Most of these quotes were from literary sources. After those, there was a section of quotations from politicians and scientists (such as "fifty-four forty or fight!"). After that, there was a section of translated quotations. Those were mostly from the ancient Greeks and Romans. The last section had quotations from the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Quotations were arranged in a single column.

The eleventh edition (1937) was edited by Christopher Morley (1890–1957) and Louella D. Everett. It had bigger pages and a two-column format. That is more like the format used today. A twelfth edition (1948) was also edited by Morley and Everett.

The thirteenth edition (1955) was called the "Centennial Edition." It was credited to the editors of Little, Brown, but the preface gives special thanks to Morley, Everett, and Emily Morison Beck (1915–2004). This edition included more recent quotations. The two youngest people quoted were cartoonist Bill Mauldin and Queen Elizabeth II. Beck also edited the fourteenth edition (1968) and the fifteenth (1980).

After Beck's retirement, Little, Brown made Justin Kaplan the editor for the sixteenth edition (1993). His book about Mark Twain, "Mr. Clemens and Mark Twain", had won the 1967 Pulitzer Prize. Kaplan was criticized for including only three minor Ronald Reagan quotations in this edition, and for saying publicly that he despised Reagan. (Franklin D. Roosevelt had 35 entries and John F. Kennedy had 28.) Kaplan was also criticized for including pop culture material.

The seventeenth edition (2003) had similar criticism. It included entries for the first time from J.K. Rowling, Jerry Seinfeld, and Larry David. Classic quotations were cut, including eleven quotations by Alexander Pope. Kaplan did include six Reagan quotations. He told "USA Today" "I admit I was carried away by prejudice. Mischievously I did him dirty."

The eighteenth edition (2012) was edited by poet, critic, and editor Geoffrey O'Brien. O'Brien is also the editor-in-chief of the Library of America.

"In addition to the prefaces of various editions of" Bartlett's, "the following sources were useful":


John Moore (broadcaster)

John Sanford Moore (born 5 June 1966) is a Canadian radio and television presenter. He is also a movie critic, actor, voice actor and comedian. He works on the radio station CFRB 1010 in Toronto. Moore has reported on entertainment on the channel's morning show since 1999. He does reviews of movies. He has also hosted several other shows on the radio, including "The John Moore Show" since 2003, and "Moore in the Morning" since 2009.

Moore was born in Montreal, Quebec. He grew up in a part of the city where the people mostly spoke English, instead of French. His first job in journalism was as a reporter at the radio station CHOM-FM in Montreal. He has also previously worked for Radio-Canada. He also hosted "Mystery Ink", a show about mystery fiction that aired often on the television channel Mystery TV. Moore starts the show by interviewing an author. Next, he may speak with detectives or look at classic movies. The final stage is a crime story or he may speak about untrue facts.

Moore has also been working as a voice actor. He has done voices for the cartoon television series "Ripley's Believe It or Not!", "The Little Lulu Show", "Arthur", "A Miss Mallard Mystery", "Caillou", "Flight Squad", "Jim Button", "Animal Crackers", "The Country Mouse and the City Mouse Adventures", "The Triplets", "Team S.O.S." and "Potatoes and Dragons".


Better Than Chocolate

Better than Chocolate is a romantic comedy movie from 1999. The subject in this movie is a woman named Maggie who has recently moved out on her own and started an erotic relationship with a woman named Kim. The couple try their best to keep their lesbian affairs secret.

This movie got several awards. It was among the highest-grossing movies in Canada. It was released in February 1999. A poster for this movie was censored by the Hong Kong Television and Entertainment Licensing Authority because of the content. An advertisement regarding the movie which was in the "San Diego Union-Tribute" was taken out because the word "lesbian" was shown on the movie poster.

Bell 205

The Bell 205 is a US helicopter. It is the civilian variant of the famous military UH-1D & UH-1H Iroquois. Some were built under licence in Germany, Italy, and Japan. In Italian it is called "Agusta-Bell AB-205".

Bell 204

The Bell 204 is a US helicopter. It is a civilian variant of UH-1B Iroquois. Some were built under licence in Italy as "Agusta-Bell AB-204". Bell 205 is a modernized and enlarged variant.

Bell 222

The Bell 222 is a US civilian helicopter. It has a retractable landing gear. It was popularized by the US TV series "Airwolf". The Bell 230 is a modernized variant.


Great Sasuke

Masanori Murakawa (born July 18, 1969) is a Japanese professional wrestler who is better known under the ring name, The Great Sasuke.

He has also wrestled under the ring name, "Masa Michinoku". He adopted the name "Ninja Sasuke" as well as the mask and outfit while on tour in Mexico. He is the founder and the current owner of Michinoku Pro Wrestling.

Michinoku Pro Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation agreed to have The Great Sasuke take part in a tournament to crown the first ever WWF Light Heavyweight Champion in 1997.

Sasuke was being pushed to win the title but word got out to the WWF that Sasuke was bragging to Japanese media about how he would only defend the title in Japan if he won it and would refuse to lose the title on WWF television. The WWF fired him and terminated his working agreement. The tournament and title would eventually be won by Michinoku Pro Wrestling alumni, Taka Michinoku.

Along with Tiger Mask IV he began feuding with the heel clones of their gimmicks: Masked Tiger and Sasuke the Great. He won the NWA World Middleweight Championship in 1999 after he defeated Tokyo Magnum in tournament final to win the championship which was vacated by his old rival Último Dragón.

He swapped the red stripes on his mask for blue stripes and turned into a heel. He also started using the ring name SASUKE for a short time but turned back into a face when Jinsei Shinzaki "brought him back from the dark side" by "exorcising the evil out of him".

He currently competes for Michinoku Pro Wrestling.

He is a member of the rock band called Crazy Crew along with fellow professional wrestlers Ricky Fuji and Ken45°.

He ran in a Iwate governor election in 2007. He lost in his bid to become governor of Iwate in a recent election.

He was arrested for assault after kicking a 36-year old man and grabbing him by the shirt collar on February 19, 2009. It was reported that he was angry because his picture was being taken with a cellphone camera. The incident happened on a JR Joban Line train at Minamisenju Station. All of the charges were dropped and he was released from jail on February 21 after he served 40 hours in jail and apologized to the man.



Separatism

In a society, certain people may have ideas that are noticeably different from those of the majority. These people are called separatists (for example, the state or a religious group) recognises that their ideas are different. Very often, they also want autonomy, self-determination, and perhaps secession and independence from the main group. People may support separatism because they are of a different culture, ethnicity, religion, race or gender than the majority. It may also be because they have different ideas about governing, laws or religion.

Ethnic separatism is based more on differences in culture and language than religious or racial differences. These may also may exist, however.

Religious separatist groups and sects want to withdraw from some larger religious groups.
The separation of beliefs and/or practices is often followed by a migration. The dissident group may fear sanctions for heresy if they stay in their original homeland.


Racial separatists are against their members marrying with other races. They want separate schools, businesses, churches and other institutions or even separate societies, territories and governments.

Gender-based separatism includes:


Ugni

Ugni is a genus of plants of the myrtle family (Myrtaceae). Four species belong to this genus, all from western America.

They are small evergreen shrubs. The leaves are simple, entire, opposite, elliptical; they are 1–2 cm long and 0.2-2.5 cm broad, dark green, and with a spicy scent if broken into many small pieces.

The solitary flowers are usually hanging; they are 1–2 cm diameter with four or five white or pale pink petals and many short stamens. The fruit is a small red or purple berry, 1 cm in diameter, with many seeds.

The name comes from "Uñi" with which the Mapuches (native people from south-central Chile and southwestern Argentina) name the fruits of the best known species of the genus, "Ugni molinae".

The genus was formerly often included in either "Myrtus" or "Eugenia"; it is distinguished from these two genera by the hanging flowers with stamens shorter than the petals.

The Russian botanist Nicolai Stepanowitsch Turczaninow created the genus "Ugni" in 1849.

All species of this genus are found in western South and Central America, native from southern Mexico to central southern Chile and Argentina.

There are four species in this genus:'

"Ugni molinae" is grown as an ornamental plant and for its edible fruits; these fruits are also used to make jams.


Bell X-1

The Bell X-1 is a famous US jet aircraft. It was the first aircraft in the world that reach a speed of Mach 1 in level flight. It was the October 14th 1947. Its pilot was Chuck Yeager.

Bell P-63 Kingcobra

The Bell P-63 Kingcobra is a US fighter aircraft of World War II. It is a modernized variant of the P-39 Aircobra. Refused by the USA and UK, it was used by Free France and the USSR as a fighter-bomber. After the war some were used by Honduras. More than 3300 examples were built between 1943 and 1945.

Curtiss C-46 Commando

The Curtiss C-46 Commando is an American cargo aircraft. It was mainly used by US Army Air Force and US Navy for the World War II and after the Korean War. It was called R5C-1 by US Navy. After 1945 many were sold to airlines across the world. It's often confused with the Douglas C-47 Skytrain.

Dassault Super Mirage 4000

The Dassault Super Mirage 4000 is a prototype of a fighter aircraft. It was built in France by Dassault Aviation to compete McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and Panavia Tornado. Its first flight was in 1979, but it was refused by the French Air Force. Since 1995 it is at the Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace, near Paris.

Dassault Falcon 20

The Dassault Falcon 20 is a French twin-turbojet aircraft. It was the first business jet built in France. It can carry two pilots and between eight and twelve passengers. 

The United States Coast Guard uses a special variant for search and rescue and reconnaissance called HU-25 Guardian. A similar aircraft is used by French Navy as Gardian for operations in Overseas France. 

Dassault Falcon 10

The Dassault Falcon 10 is a French light business jet. It's a shorter variant of the Falcon 20. Between 1973 and 1985 a total of 212 examples were built. Some are used by French Navy as training aircrafts.

Gloster Gladiator

The Gloster Gladiator is a biplane fighter aircraft of the World War II. It was built in UK and used by Royal Air Force, especially in Malta. Sea Gladiator was a variant, built for operations from an aircraft carrier, and used by Fleet Air Arm. Belgium, Finland, and Norway also used it. It was the last biplane fighter in service in UK.

Leduc 0.10

The Leduc 0.10 is an experimental jet aircraft. Built in France, it was the first aircraft in the world to fly powered just by a ramjet. It was built in 1947. In 2013 it is at the Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace.

Duke of Norfolk

The Duke of Norfolk is an aristocrat or peer in the United Kingdom. He is Earl Marshal in the House of Lords. He has a family home at Arundel Castle in West Sussex. His family have long been Catholic. They paid for the building of Arundel Cathedral. The title dates to 1397. As of 2013 the holder of the title is the 18th Duke, Edward Fitzalan-Howard. He took the title in 2002.

McDonnell FH Phantom

The McDonnell FH Phantom was one of the first U.S. jet fighters. It was used by the US Navy and US Marines Corps from aircraft carriers between 1947 and 1954. Mc Donnell F2H Banshee is a modernized variant.

Arundel Cathedral

Arundel Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church in West Sussex in Southern England. It was built in 1868. It is dedicated to Our Lady and Saint Philip Howard, the 20th Earl of Arundel, who died in the Tower of London under Queen Elizabeth I.


Jinsei Shinzaki

Kensuke Shinzaki (born December 2, 1966) is a Japanese professional wrestler. He is better known under the ring names, Jinsei Shinzaki and Hakushi.

He started in Gran Hamada's Universal Lucha Libre promotion where he competed under the name Mongolian Yuga.

He competed in the World Wrestling Federation in 1995 where he portrayed a Japanese villain named Hakushi (White Messenger). He debuted in a match against a young Matt Hardy which Hakushi won.

He gained victories over Aldo Montoya and 1-2-3 Kid. He embarked on a short feud with Bret Hart and also competed in the 1996 Royal Rumble but was eliminated by Bret's brother, Owen Hart.

During a match against Justin "Hawk" Bradshaw, Bradshaw hit Hakushi with a branding iron after Bradshaw defeated him and Hakushi had been so humiliated by the branding that he (kayfabe) left the WWF.

After he left the WWF, he competed in a tag team match at Extreme Championship Wrestling's 1998 ECW Heat Wave with Hayabusa for the ECW World Tag Team Championships against Rob Van Dam and Sabu.

Shinzaki owned a restaurant in Japan but his restaurant along with his house were destroyed in the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami and he was forced to live in his car.



Arundel

Arundel is a small town on the River Arun in West Sussex, England. It is the site of Arundel Castle, the seat of the Duke of Norfolk, and the Catholic Arundel Cathedral. It is 10 miles east of Chichester.


Flower pot

A flower pot is a container in which flowers and other plants are grown. They are traditionally made from terracotta, but are now often also made from plastic, wood or stone. The flower pot is filled with soil and have a plant planted in them. Often there are holes in the bottom, to allow water to flow out, sometimes into a saucer that is placed under the flowerpot. If the plant becomes too big for the pot, it is moved to a bigger one.

Bernadette Lafont

Bernadette Lafont (28 October 1938 – 25 July 2013) was a French actress.

Lafont won the César Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her role in "An Impudent Girl" (L'Effrontée) in 1985. For her long service to the French motion picture industry, in 2003 she was awarded an Honorary César.

Lafont was born on 28 October 1938 in Nîmes, Gard, France. She has been married to Gérard Blain from 1957 until they divorced in 1959. Then she was married to Diourka Medveczky until they divorced. She had a daughter, actress Pauline Lafont (1963-1988). Lafont died on 25 July 2013 in Nîmes, Gard, France from cardiac arrest, aged 74.


Virginia E. Johnson

Virginia Eshelman Johnson (February 11, 1925 – July 24, 2013) was an American sexologist and psychologist, best known as the junior member of the Masters and Johnson sexuality research team.

Johnson was born on February 11, 1925 in Springfield, Missouri. She studied at Drury University.

Johnson divorced her first husband, with whom she had had two children – Scott Forstall and Lisa Evans – in 1956. Then she was married to William H. Masters from 1971 until they divorced in 1992. Johnson died on July 24, 2013 in St. Louis, Missouri from an illness, aged 88.

William H. Masters

William Howell Masters (December 27, 1915 – February 16, 2001) was an American gynecologist. He was best known as the senior member of the Masters and Johnson sexuality research team. With Virginia Johnson, he did research into the nature of human sex. The work lasted from 1957 until the 1990s. It included the diagnosis and treatment of sexual disorders and dysfunctions. This was a more orthodox kind of research than that done by Alfred Kinsey.

Masters was born on December 27, 1915 in Cleveland, Ohio. He was married three times, and all the marriages ended in divorce. Masters died on February 16, 2001 in Tucson, Arizona from Parkinson's disease, aged 85.

Married... with Children

Married... with Children is an American sitcom. It aired for 11 seasons. It is about a family living in a fictional Chicago, Illinois, suburb. It stars Ed O'Neill, Katey Segal, Amanda Bearse, Christina Applegate, David Faustino, Ted McGinley, and David Garrison. On April 22, 2012, Fox re-aired the series premiere in honor of its 25th anniversary.

According to Jim

According to Jim is an American television sitcom. It stars Jim Belushi as a suburban father of three children (five children starting with the season-seven finale). It originally ran on ABC from October 1, 2001 to June 2, 2009.

George Lopez (TV series)

George Lopez (also known as The George Lopez Show) is an American sitcom starring comedian George Lopez. The show originally aired on ABC from March 27, 2002, to May 8, 2007. Emiliano Díez and Belita Moreno also star in the show.

Belita Moreno

Aurabela "Belita" Moreno (born November 1, 1949 in Dallas, Texas) is an American actress best known for her roles as Benita "Benny" Lopez on the ABC sitcom "George Lopez" and Edwina Twinkacetti/Lydia Markham on "Perfect Strangers".


Emiliano Díez

Emiliano Díez (born 26 August 1953 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban movie and television actor. He is best known for his role as Victor Palmero in the sitcom "George Lopez", as well as his role as Manny Beltrán in the sitcom "Los Beltrán".

Valente Rodriguez

Valente Rodriguez (born February 14, 1964 in Edcouch, Texas) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Ernesto "Ernie" Cardenas on the sitcom "George Lopez". He currently stars as Cesar in the TV Land sitcom "Happily Divorced".

Constance Marie

Constance Marie Lopez (born September 9, 1965) is an American actress. 

She is known for her role as Angie Lopez on "George Lopez" (2002–2007) and for her role as Marcella Quintanilla (mother of Selena) in the 1997 movie "Selena". She now plays Regina Vasquez on the ABC Family drama "Switched at Birth". 


Luis Armand Garcia

Luis Armand Garcia, (born March 9, 1992) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Max Lopez on the sitcom "George Lopez".

Garcia was born on March 9, 1992 in suburban Chicago in LaGrange, Illinois. He now lives in the Los Angeles area in Santa Clarita, California in Valencia.


Aimee Garcia

Aimee Garcia (born November 28, 1978) is an American actress, known for her roles as Veronica Palmero on the sitcom "George Lopez" and Jamie Batista on the Showtime drama "Dexter". 


Paranoia (2013 movie)

Paranoia is an American drama thriller movie directed by Robert Luketic. The screenplay was written by Barry L. Levy and Jason Dean Hall, based on the 2004 novel of the same name by Joseph Finder. It stars Liam Hemsworth, Gary Oldman, Harrison Ford, Amber Heard and Josh Holloway.

It was released on August 16, 2013.

The Conjuring

The Conjuring is a 2013 American supernatural horror movie. The movie is based on the real life events of Ed and Lorraine Warren. It is set in Rhode Island in 1971. It stars Patrick Wilson, Vera Farmiga, Ron Livingston, Lili Taylor, Mackenzie Foy, and Joey King. "The Conjuring" was released in the United States and Canada on July 19, 2013, and in the United Kingdom on August 2, 2013. A prequel titled "Annabelle" was released in October 2014. A sequel, "The Conjuring 2" was released in 2016.

Family Weekend

Family Weekend is an American comedy/drama movie. It was the first movie directed by Benjamin Epps. It stars Matthew Modine, Kristin Chenoweth, Olesya Rulin, Joey King, Shirley Jones, and Chloe Bridges. It was released on March 29, 2013.

Mick Dodson

Michael James "Mick" Dodson, AM (born 10 April 1950, in Katherine, Northern Territory) is an indigenous Australian activist, lawyer and teacher. He is the director of the National Centre for Indigenous Studies at the Australian National University. He is also a professor of law at the university's College of Law. He was previously director of the Indigenous Law Centre at the University of New South Wales. He was named Australian of the Year in 2009.

Dodson was born in Katherine, in the Northern Territory. He is a member of the Yawuru people, who are the traditional owners of the land around Broome, in Western Australia. His brother is Patrick Dodson, who has become a well-known Aboriginal leader as well. Their parents died when they were still children. When this happened, Mick moved to Monivae College, a boarding school in Hamilton, Victoria. He graduated in law from Monash University in 1974. He was the first indigenous person to graduate from law in Australia.

Dodson has been an important advocate of land rights and other issues affecting Indigenous Australians. He was a commissioner with the Australian Human Rights Commission from April 1993 to January 1998. From August 1988 to October 1990, he worked with the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody. He is currently a chairperson of the Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies (AIATSIS).

Hume Cronyn

Hume Blake Cronyn, OC (July 18, 1911 – June 15, 2003) was a Canadian-American actor and writer who enjoyed a long career, often appearing professionally alongside his second wife, Jessica Tandy.

Cronyn was born in July 18, 1911 in London, Ontario, Canada. He studied at Ridley College and at McGill University. 

Cronyn was married to Emily Woodruff from 1934 until they divorced in 1936. Then he was married to Jessica Tandy from 1942 until her death in 1994. Then he was married to Susan Cooper from 1996 until his death in 2003. 

Cronyn died on June 15, 2003 in Fairfield, Connecticut from prostate cancer. He was 91.

He won three Emmy Awards and one Tony Award.


Edward Platt

Edward Cuthbert Platt (February 14, 1916 – March 19, 1974) was an American actor best known for his role as "The Chief" in the 1965-70 NBC/CBS television series "Get Smart". With his deep voice and mature countenance, he played an eclectic mix of characters over the span of his career.

Platt was born on February 14, 1916 in Staten Island, New York City. He studied at Juilliard School of Music and at Princeton University.

Platt was married to Suzanne Belcher from 1954 until his death in 1974. They had four children. Platt died on March 19, 1974 in Santa Monica, California from a heart attack, aged 58.

However, one of his sons confirmed that Platt committed suicide after two previous attempts while suffering from an undiagnosed and untreated depression that was further sparked by financial troubles. It is also said that Platt's "Get Smart" co-star Don Adams knew the real cause of death.


Barbara Feldon

Barbara Feldon (born March 12, 1933) is an American character actress who works mostly in the theatre but is primarily known for her roles on television. Her most well-known role was that of Agent 99 on the 1960s sitcom "Get Smart". She also worked as a model.


Christina Cox

Christina Cox (31 July 1971) is a Canadian actress. She acts in television programs and independent movies. She became known for playing Eve Logan in "The Chronicles of Riddick". She is also a stuntwoman who did boxing stunts for Hilary Swank in "Million Dollar Baby". Cox was born in Toronto.

Lanu-puisto

Lanu-puisto is a park near Pikku-Vesijärvi in Lahti, Finland. It contains 12 statues by Olavi Lanu, made of concrete. It was built 1988-1992.


Headphone amplifier

A headphone amplifier is a sound amplifier that is designed for headphones.

Tube amplifier

A tube amplifier is a sound amplifier that uses vacuum tubes instead of transistors to amplify signal. Some people think the sound from tube amplifiers is better than transistor-based amplifiers. Even the measured distortion would be higher with vacuum tubes.

Distortion

To distort is to change the shape of something. Distortion may refer to:


IRS tax forms

The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) issues tax forms to people and organisations who pay tax in the United States. These documents are used by taxpayers to report information about their finances. This includes information about income, which is required by the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) in order to calculate how much tax must be paid to the federal government of the United States. There are over 800 forms. The best-known of these is Form 1040 used by individual people.



Banana plug

A banana plug is a type of electrical connector used for joining wires to equipment.

Division of Aston

The Division of Aston is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was created in 1984 and is named for Tilly Aston. Aston was a blind writer and teacher who helped setup the Library of the Victorian Association of Braille Writers in 1894. Aston is in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, including Rowville, Scoresby, Knoxfield, Vermont and Wantirna. 

In 2013, Alan Tudge was made the Parliamentary Secretary to the Prime Minister, Tony Abbott.


Division of Batman

The Division of Batman was an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was created in 1906 and replaced the Division of Northern Melbourne. It was abolished in 2019 and replaced by the Division of Cooper.

It took its name from John Batman, one of the founders of the city of Melbourne. At first it covered the inner suburbs of Carlton and Fitzroy, but as the boundaries changed it moved north. It included Alphington, Clifton Hill, Northcote, Preston, Reservoir and Thornbury. 

Brian Howe was the Deputy Prime Minister in the Hawke and Keating governments. Martin Ferguson was the leader of the Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU) before being elected. David Feeney was elected to the Australian Senate in 2007, and resigned to take up a seat in the House of Representatives.



Balanced circuit

A balanced circuit is a way to connect electrical signal wires together to avoid interference. To do this, the two or more wires must be in the same cable. Balanced audio cables in studios commonly add a grounded wire, and use XLR connectors or phone connectors. Balanced circuits first became standard practice in early 20th century telephone lines. 

Rotary switch

A rotary switch is an electric switch. It may have several positions. Its position can be changed by rotating.

VIC-20

Commodore VIC-20 was a home computer released in 1980. It was made by Commodore Business Machines. It was the first computer that sold over one million units.

The Commodore VIC-20 was powered by a 6502 CPU, running at 1 MHz. Though the system had 5KB of RAM, users only had access to about 3.5KB for BASIC programs. It had no internal data storage, but could store programs on standard audio tapes. Later, it could use 5.25 inch floppy disks as well. In early 1985 this computer was discontinued.

Commodore 16

Commodore 16 was a home computer made by Commodore International. It was released in 1984. It was intended to replace VIC-20 computer, but it failed. It was only sold in Europe.

The Incredible Burt Wonderstone

The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is a 2013 comedy movie directed by Don Scardino. It stars Jim Carrey, Steve Carell, Steve Buscemi, Alan Arkin, Olivia Wilde, and James Gandolfini. It got positive reviews. It was released on March 8, 2013.

Flight (movie)

Flight is a 2012 drama movie directed by Robert Zemeckis. It stars Denzel Washington, Kelly Reilly, Melissa Leo, Don Cheadle, and John Goodman. It got positive reviews. Critic Roger Ebert gave the movie four out of four stars. It was released on November 2, 2012. It was nominated for two Academy Awards.

Kelly Reilly

Jessica Kelly Siobhán Reilly (born 18 July 1977) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "Eden Lake", "Sherlock Holmes", "After Miss Julie", "", and "Flight". 

Reilly was born on 18 July 1977 in Surrey, England. She has been married to Kyle Baughner since 2012.

Richard I, Duke of Normandy

Richard I of Normandy (933–996), also known as Richard the Fearless (French, "Sans Peur"), was the "Duke of Normandy" from 942 to 996. Richard made Normandy into a feudal society where he owned all the land. His followers held on to the lands given them by remaining loyal to him. He made Normandy a much stronger a power in western France. 

Richard was the son of William Longsword, princeps or ruler of Normandy. His mother's name was Sprota. She was a Breton prisoner captured in war who William later married. William Longsword was told of the birth of a son after the battle with Riouf and other viking rebels. But he kept this a secret until a few years later. When he first met his son he kissed him and made him the heir to Normandy. William then sent Richard to be cared for in Bayeux.

When his father died, Richard was only 10 years old (he was born in 933). King Louis IV of France decided to take charge of Normandy himself. The king placed the young duke in the custody of the count of Ponthieu. Then the king gave the lands in lower Normandy to Hugh the Great. Louis kept Richard a prisoner at Lâon. Fearing the king was going to harm the boy Osmond de Centville, Bernard de Senlis (who had been a companion of Richard's grandfather Rollo), Ivo de Bellèsme, and Bernard the Dane freed Richard.

In 946, Richard agreed to be a ward of Hugh, Count of Paris. He then allied himself with the Norman and Viking leaders. Together they drove Louis out of Rouen and took back Normandy by 947. In 962 Theobald I, Count of Blois, attacked Rouen. But Richard's army defeated them. Lothair king of West Francia stepped in to prevent any more war between the two. For the rest of his reign Richard chose not to make Normandy bigger. Instead he worked on making Normandy stronger.

Richard used marriages to build strong alliances. His marriage to Emma gave him a connection to the Capet family. His wife Gunnor was from a rival Viking group in the Cotentin. His marriage to her gave him support from her family. Her sisters married several of Richard's loyal followers. Also Richard's daughters provided valuable marriage alliances with powerful counts as well as to the king of England. Richard also made sure the church and the great monasteries were doing well. His reign was marked by a long period of peace and tranquility. Richard died in Fecamp, Normandy, on 20 November 996.

William married first (960)to Emma, daughter of Hugh "The Great" of France. They were promised to each other when both were very young. She died after 19 March 968, before they had any children.
Richard had children with his concubine Gunnora. Richard later married her to make their children legitimate:


Richard was known to have had several other concubines and had children with many of them.
Known children are:


Betsy Ross

Betsy Ross (January 1, 1752 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – January 30, 1836 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), born Elizabeth Griscom and also known by her second and third married names Elizabeth Ashburn and Elizabeth Claypoole, is widely known as making the first American flag. There is, however, no evidence that the story is true.


Douglas A-1 Skyraider

The Douglas A-1 Skyraider is an attack aircraft designed and built in the United States. Its first flight was in 1945, but it was too late to be flown in World War II. Originally designed for the US Navy, it was also used by the US Air Force, Fleet Air Arm and French Air Force. It was used by US pilots in the Korean War and Vietnam War, and by the French in the Algeria War. Some were modified for reconnaissance or electronic warfare. Before 1962, the US Navy's A-1 were called AD.

North American Rockwell OV-10 Bronco

The North American Aviation OV-10 Bronco is a twin-turboprop reconnaissance and light attack aircraft. It was designed and built in the United States. The US Air Force, US Marines Corps, and US Navy used it in the Vietnam War. It was also used by the German and Indonesian air forces.

Spherical geometry

Spherical geometry is the use of geometry on a sphere. It was started for cartography, as well as for making maps of stars. It is different from Euclidean geometry (which is always on a plane), and Non-Euclidean geometry. Points are defined in the same way as they are in Euclidean geometry: A point is at a defined location on the sphere. A "staight line" is different though: It is the shortest path between two points, which stays on the surface of the plane. Some theorems of Euclidean geometry cannot be used on the sphere, many of them have been adapted though.

SPAD S.XIII

The SPAD S.XII is a French fighter aircraft of World War I. It was used by French pilots, but also by Belgians, British, and American pilots. More than 8400 examples were built.

1.SPAD S.XII Reference book. Link to Book publisher.

Photobleaching

Photobleaching is when a dye or a fluorophore (a chemical that re-emits light) breaks down from exposure to strong light; similar to how the detergent chemical bleach breaks down dye in clothing.


Cotentin Peninsula

The Cotentin Peninsula (\kō-ˌtäⁿ-ˈtaⁿ\), also known as the Cherbourg Peninsula, is a peninsula in Normandy that is part of the coast of France. It extends in a northwest direction into the English Channel. To its west are the Channel Islands and to the southwest is the Brittany Peninsula. It is in the Departement of Manche, in the region of Normandy. The largest town is Cherbourg on the north coast. Cherbourg is a major port on the English Channel. The west coast of the Cotentin known as "Côte des Îles" ("Islands Coast") faces the Channel Islands. Ferry links serve Carteret, and the islands of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney from the port of Dielette.

The peninsula formed part of what the Romans called Armorica. Coutances was the capital of the Unelli, a Gaulish tribe. It got its name "Constantia" in 298 during the reign of Roman emperor Constantius Chlorus. Under the Carolingians it became known as the Cotentin and was controlled by viscounts. For some time these were members of the Saint-Sauveur family. They lived at Saint-Sauveur on the Douve river.

In the ninth century, Vikings settled the Cotentin, which became part of Normandy in the early tenth century. Many place names there come from the Norse language. Examples include La Hague, and La-Hougue both derived from the Old Norse word "haugr" meaning a hill or mound. Until the construction of modern roads, the peninsula was almost inaccessible in winter because of marshland cutting off the higher ground. This explains occasional historical references to the Cotentin as an island.

King Alan the Great of Brittany waged war successfully on the Norsemen. As the result of his conquests, the Cotentin Peninsula was included in the territory of the Duchy of Brittany. After his death, the Norsemen invaded and occupied Brittany from 907 to 939. While they were eventually expelled by Alan's grandson, Alan II, Duke of Brittany, the subsequent rulers of Brittany were weaker than Alan the Great. The succeeding Dukes of Brittany suffered continuing Norse invasions and Norman raids. Eventually the Cotentin Peninsula was lost to the Brittany, and became part of Normandy.

In 1088 Robert Curthose, Duke of Normandy, gave the Cotentin to his brother Henry, later King Henry I of England. Henry, as count of the Cotentin, established his first power base there and in the adjoining Avranchin to the south During the Hundred Years' War, King Edward III of England landed in the bay of La Hogue, and then came to the Church of Quettehou in Val de Saire. It was there that Edward III knighted his son Edward, the Black Prince. A remembrance plaque can be seen next to the altar. The naval Battle of La Hogue in 1692 was fought off Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue near Barfleur.

The town of Valognes was, until the French Revolution, a provincial social resort for the , nicknamed the "Versailles of Normandy". The social scene was described in the novels of Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly (himself from the Cotentin). The grand houses and châteaux; were destroyed during World War II.

During World War II, part of the 1944 Battle of Normandy was fought in the Cotentin. The westernmost part of the D-Day landings was at Utah Beach, on the southeastern coast of the peninsula. What followed was a campaign to occupy the peninsula and take Cherbourg.

The main economical resource is agriculture. Dairy farming is a prominent activity. Along the west coast, renowned vegetables are grown, such as the carrots of Créances. The renowned trademark "Florette" was created in Lessay. The region is also famous for its shellfish culture. These include oysters from Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue and Pirou. Other products are alcoholic beverages like cider and calvados, made from locally grown apples and pears.

The region hosts two important Nuclear power plants. At Flamanville there is the Flamanville Nuclear Power Plant. The other is the COGEMA La Hague site. It is a large nuclear waste reprocessing and storage complex operated by Areva NC. The nuclear power industry provides many jobs in the region. The roads used for transport of nuclear waste have been blocked many times in the past by environmental action group Greenpeace. Local environmental groups have voiced concerns about the radioactivity levels of the cooling water of both these nuclear sites. These are being flushed into the bay of Vauville. However, the radioactivity is much lower than the natural background levels and does not pose any hazard.

There are two important naval shipyards in Cherbourg. The state-owned shipyard DCNS has built French nuclear submarines since the 1960s. Privately owned CMN builds frigates and patrol vessels for various states, mostly from the Middle East. Tourism is also an important economic activity in this region. Many tourists visit the D-Day invasion beaches, including Utah Beach in the Cotentin. At Sainte-Mère-Église a few miles away from the beach, there is a museum dedicated to the 82nd Airborne Division and the 101st Airborne Division. The "Cité de la Mer" in Cherbourg is a museum of oceanic and underseas subjects. The main attraction is "Redoutable", the first French nuclear submarine, launched in 1967.

Due to its relative isolation the Cotentin is one of the last remaining places the Norman language is spoken. The Norman language writer Alfred Rossel, native of Cherbourg, composed many songs which form part of the heritage of the region. Rossel's song "Sus la mé" ("on the sea") is often sung as a regional patriotic song.


Aérospatiale SA-315 Lama

The Aérospatiale SA-315 Lama is a French helicopter designed and built for operations in mountains. It is used by both civilians and the military. It is a fuselage of Alouette II which was assembled an Alouette III's turboshaft. Many were built in India as Cheetah.

George H. Hitchings

George Herbert Hitchings (April 18, 1905 – February 27, 1998) was an American doctor. He shared the 1988 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Sir James Black and Gertrude B. Elion for their discoveries of important steps for drug treatment.

Amazon Standard Identification Number

The Amazon Standard Identification Number (ASIN) is number used by Amazon.com to identify books. When there is a ten-digit ISBN code, the ASIN is usually the same number. The ASIN can be useful to use when a book is old and has no ISBN code.

Fuji Television

Fuji Television is a Japanese broadcasting company. It is part of a large media company that also owns the record label and film group Pony Canyon, the newspaper "Sankei shinbun", and other TV networks.


Division of Northern Melbourne

The Division of Northern Melbourne was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first Federal election in 1901. It was located in the inner northern suburbs of Melbourne, including the suburbs of Carlton, North Melbourne and Fitzroy. It was abolished in 1906 when the boundaries were redrawn and mostly replaced by the Division of Batman.

The division was held by one member, H. B. Higgins. Higgins was Attorney General from 1904 to 1905. He was appointed a Justice of the High Court of Australia in 1906. Isaac Selby, who was an unsuccessful candidate in the 1901 election, became famous in 1905 when he tried to shoot a judge during a court case in San Francisco.

List of soups

Soups have been made since ancient times. This page lists a selection of well-known soups from the various cuisines around the world. They are sorted by the type of soup.

Some soups are served with large chunks of meat or vegetables left in the liquid; these are categorised below as "chunky". A broth is a flavoured liquid usually made from boiling a meat and bone or vegetable for a period of time in a stock. A common type of broth is consommé. A potage is a category of thick soups, stews or porridges. In some of them, meat and vegetables are boiled together with water until they turn into a thick mush.

Bisques are creamy soups traditionally made with shellfish, but can be made with any type of seafood. The base of cream soups is dairy. Chowders are thick soups usually containing some type of starch. Coulis were originally meat juices, and now are thick purees. Some soups are only ever served cold, and other soups can be served cold as an option.


Hardware

Hardware may refer to:

Jo-Jo the Dog-Faced Boy

Fedor Jeftichew, better known as Jo-Jo the Dog-Faced Boy (1868 - January 31, 1904) was a Russian sideshow performer. Like his father, Adrien, with whom he performed, Jo-Jo was afflicted with hypertrichosis, an abnormal growth of hair over the face and body. Jo-Jo was covered with long, silky hair and was said to resemble a Skye terrier.

Jo-Jo was born in St Petersburg, Russia in 1868. He began touring Europe in 1873. He was five feet eight inches tall, had only four or five teeth, and spoke Russian, German, and a little English. He dressed like a Russian cavalryman. He would bark at an audience, and would perform as often as 23 times a day. In 1886, he was making US$500 a week.

Jo-Jo toured Europe and Russia, playing in fairgrounds. He was discovered by Charles Reynolds in London, England. Jo-Jo was performing with his father, Adrien, who resembled a poodle. Reynolds realized the Dog-Faced Boy could be presented in a more professional manner. He took the boy to the United States on the "City of Chicago" on 12 October 1884.

A press conference was called. Journalists were allowed to pull Jeftichew's hair to be assured it was real and not pasted on. The "New York Herald" described Jeftichew as "the most extraordinary and absorbingly interesting curiosity that has ever reached these shores."

In 1884, Jeftichew signed with P. T. Barnum. Barnum stated (falsely) that Jo-Jo was captured by a hunter in the wilds of central Russia. Barnum advertised him as "the most prodigious paragon of all prodigies secured by P. T. Barnum in fifty years. The Human Skye Terrier, the crowning mystery of nature's contradictions."

He toured Europe with Barnum and Bailey's Greatest Show on Earth in 1901 and 1902. He died in Greece in 1904 while on tour of pneumonia. He was the subject of a song recorded by Annette Funicello in the 1960s and was referenced in an episode of the television series, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".


Epiphany (holiday)

Epiphany is a Christian holiday or festival on January 6. It celebrates the revelation of the Christ child to the Gentiles, when the Magi or wise men visited Bethlehem to see Jesus, by following a star. It is recorded in the Gospel of Matthew, chapter 2.

Epiphany is included in the Christmas time.


Bangor, New York

Bangor is a town in Franklin County, New York, United States. There were 2,231 people living in Bangor at the 2020 census. The town was founded around 1806. It is named after Bangor in Wales.


Korpilahti

Korpilahti is a former municipality of Finland. It was merged with Jyväskylä on 1 January 2009.

Ranua

Ranua is a municipality in Finland. As of 2013, almost 4,200 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Ii, Simo, Tervola, Rovaniemi, Posio and Pudasjärvi. As of January 2014, there were almost 4,150 people living in Ranua. 

Simojärvi, Näskäjärvi, Penämönjärvi, Impiönjärvi and Ranuanjärvi. There is also many smaller lakes in the area.


Posio

Posio is a municipality in Finnish Lapland. As of January 2014, about 3,660 people lived there.

The settlements Rovaniemi, Kemijärvi, Ranua, Salla, Kuusamo, Taivalkoski and Pudasjärvi are near to Posio.

Riisitunturi National Park is in Posio.


Magi

The Magi were "wise men from the east" who came to Jerusalem during the reign of Herod: 'saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews?' ( Gospel of Matthew chapter 2 verse 1) Their visit to Jesus, guided by the Star of Bethlehem is celebrated every year at Epiphany on January 6, just after Christmas.
The Epiphany marks the end of the liturgical season 'Christmas'.

India is east of Israel, and some say that the Magi could have come from India. At the time of Jesus there were many spiritual seekers there. In India, Christian celebrations of Christmas sometimes include the arrival of the Magi on camels. An Armenian tradition says the "Magi of Bethlehem" were Balthasar of Arabia, Melchior of Persia, and Caspar of India.


Tornio

Tornio ("") is a town in Lapland, Finland. As of January 2014, the municipality had a population of almost 22,400. Neighbouring municipalities are Kemi, Keminmaa, Tervola and Ylitornio. Bordering Tornio in Sweden is Haparanda.

Lot of discusion have been about waste water systems with Haparanda.

Culture: The natioanal museum is in the city; The museum has Finland's most famous political painting.


Kozienice

Kozienice is a city in Poland. In 2009 its population was 18,075. Through the city swims a river Zagożdżonka.

Kemi

Kemi is a town in Finnish Lapland, Finland. As of 2013, the municipality had a population of about 22,150. Neighbouring municipalities are Keminmaa, Simo and Tornio.


Inari, Finland

Inari is a municipality in Lapland. As of 2013, about 6,730 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Enontekiö, Kittilä, Sodankylä and Utsjoki. The largest urban area in Inari is Ivalo.

Inari covers more area than any other municipality in Finland. Lake Inari is in Inari. There are also over 8,000 other lakes. That is why the size of the municipality is so large. The River Vaskojoki is located in western Inari. It flows to the lake Paateri.


Pello

Pello is a municipality in Finland. As of 2013, about 3,800 people lived there.


Sample

In statistics, a sample is part of a population. The sample is carefully chosen. It should represent the whole population fairly, without bias.

When treated as a data set, a sample is often represented by capital letters such as formula_1 and formula_2, with its elements being represented in lowercase (e.g., formula_3), and the sample size being represented by the letter formula_4.

The reason samples are needed is that populations may be so large that counting all the individuals may not be possible or practical. Therefore, solving a problem in statistics usually starts with sampling. Sampling is about choosing which data to take for later analysis. As an example, suppose the pollution of a lake should be analysed for a study. Depending on where the samples of water were taken, the studies can have different results. 

As a general rule, samples need to be random. This means the chance or probability of selecting one individual is the same as the chance of selecting any other individual.

In practice, random samples are always taken by means of a well-defined procedure. A procedure is a set of rules, a sequence of steps written down and exactly followed. Even so, some bias may remain in the sample. Consider the problem of designing a sample to predict the result of an election poll. All known methods have their problems, and the results of an election are often different from predictions based on a sample. If you collect opinions by using telephones, or by meeting people in the street, you won't ask people who don't answer phone calls or who don't walk on the street. Therefore, in cases like this a completely neutral sample is never possible. In such cases a statistician will think about how to measure the amount of bias, and there are ways to estimate this.

A similar situation occurs when scientists measure a physical property, say the weight of a piece of metal, or the speed of light. If we weigh an object with sensitive equipment we will get minutely different results. No system of measurement is ever perfect. We get a series of estimates, each one being a measurement. These are samples, with a certain degree of error. Statistics is designed to describe error, and carry out analysis on this kind of data.

There are different kinds of samples:
The way the sampling is obtained, along with the sample size, will have an impact on how the data is viewed.

If a population has obvious sub-populations, then each of the sub-populations needs to be sampled. This is called "stratified sampling". Stratified sampling is also known as "stratified random sample". Stratified sampling is often represented as proportion, such as percent (%).

Suppose an experiment set out to sample the incomes of adults. Obviously, the incomes of college graduates might differ from that of non-graduates. Now suppose the number of male graduates was 30% of the total male adults (imaginary figures). Then you would arrange for 30% of the total sample to be male graduates picked at random, and 70% of the total to be male non-graduates. Repeat the process for females, because the percentage of female graduates is different from males. That gives a sample of the adult population stratified by sex and college education. The next step would be to divide each of your sub-populations by age groups, because (for example) graduates might gain more income relative to non-graduates in middle age.

Another type of stratified sample deals with variation. Here larger samples are taken from the more variable sub-populations so that the summary statistics such as the means and standard deviations, are more reliable.


Enontekiö

Enontekiö is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. As of 2013, about 1,890 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Inari, Kittilä and Muonio.

National park: Part of the Pallas-Yllästunturi National Park, is in Enontekiö.

Enontekiö shares a border with Norway and Sweden. The point where the borders of Finland, Norway and Sweden meet is Treriksröset. This is located about 10 km west of Kilpisjärvi village. A monument was built at Treriksröset in 1926. It replaced an earlier monument built of stone in 1897.



Pukkila

Pukkila is a municipality in Finland. As of 2013, about 2,040 people lived there. The municipalities next to it are Orimattila, Myrskylä, Askola and Mäntsälä. The municipality of Pukkila was established in 1898.

Kantele, Naarkoski, Savijoki (Pukkila), Syvänoja (Pukkila) and Torppi (Pukkila).


Kerava

Kerava is a town in Finland. It is in the province of Southern Finland and is part of the Uusimaa. The town has a population of 34,601 (28 February 2013). The municipalities next to it are Vantaa, Tuusula and Sipoo.


Sound level meter

A sound level meter (or sound meter) is a device used to measure sound pressure levels. It is often used to study and measure different kinds of noise, especially industrial and transport noise. The display indicates sound level in decibel units.

2012 Pacific hurricane season

The 2012 Pacific hurricane season was started on 15 May 2012 in the eastern Pacific, and on 1 June 2012 in the central Pacific. It ended on 30 November. These dates are usually the period during which most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. However, Tropical Storm Aletta formed on 14 May.

Hurricane Bud was the first major hurricane of the season. It was one of three storms to turn into a hurricane during the month of May. In the middle of June, Hurricane Carlotta came ashore near Puerto Escondido, Mexico. Seven people were killed by Carlotta and caused damage costing about MX$1.4 billion (US$107.7 million). Hurricane Paul caused major damage to Baja California Sur. Hurricane Emilia was the only Category 4 hurricane. It started as a Tropical Depression near the coast of Mexico. It then intensified into a Category 3 hurricane, and later into a Category 4.



Porvoo

Porvoo () is a town in Uusimaa, Finland. It has a lot of old buildings. Neighbouring municipalities are Askola, Loviisa, Myrskylä, Pornainen and Sipoo.


Trinity Church, Halmstad

Trinity Church () is a Roman Catholic church in Halmstad in Sweden. It is part of Saint Mary Catholic Parish within the Catholic Diocese of Stockholm.

It was opened on 24 May 1981.

Helsingborg Municipality

Helsingborg Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Helsingborg.


Landskrona Municipality

Landskrona Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Landskrona.


Åre Municipality

Åre Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Järpen.


Åre

Åre is a locality in Åre Municipality in the county of Jämtland in northern Sweden. It is a famous ski resort, and hosted the Alpine Skiing World Championships in the years of 1954 and 2007. Alpine skiing world cup competitions are often held here.

Church of Sweden Abroad

The Church of Sweden Abroad () serves under the Diocese of Visby within the Church of Sweden, and consists of congregations within the church, located outside Sweden.


Swedish Evangelical Mission

The Swedish Evangelical Mission (SEM) () ("EFS") is an independent organization within the Church of Sweden. It was established on 7 May 1856.


Evangelical Free Church in Sweden

The Evangelical Free Church in Sweden (), "EFK", is a Christian Protestant denomination in Sweden. It was established in 1997 as a merger out of Örebro Mission ("Örebromissionen", founded in 1892 as Örebro Missionary Society), the Free Baptist Union ("Fribaptistsamfundet", founded in 1872) and the Sanctification Union ("Helgelseförbundet", founded in 1887).


Dansbandskampen

Dansbandskampen was a Swedish television show. It was created by Peter Settman and his production company Baluba. Peter Settman was also the show host. It was broadcast over Sveriges Television, with season one airing October–December 2008.

The show was a music competition with dansbands.

There were talks of spreading the concept outside Sweden, with a disco/folk music version in Poland and a country music version in the USA.

Svensktoppen

Svensktoppen is a Swedish music chart on the radio. It was established in 1962. The chart has traditionally been dominated by dansband and schlager music, and lighter pop and rock music. In 2003, it allowed songs performed in English to be included. Since then, the chart became more oriented to modern pop and rock music.


Vuorenkylä

Vuorenkylä is a village in Hartola, Finland. It is in the northeast of Päijänne Tavastia. There is a mountain, Purnuvuori where people ski.


Sveriges Radio

Sveriges Radio is the government-operated radio station in Sweden. Regular broadcast began on 1 January 1925.



Sveriges Television

Sveriges Television is the government-operated television station in Sweden. Regular broadcast began on 4 September 1956.



Aftonbladet

Aftonbladet is a newspaper in Sweden. It was started on 6 December 1830 by Lars Johan Hiertha. It was originally liberal, before being bought by the Swedish Social Democratic Party/trade union movement in early October 1956.

Swedish Americans

A Swedish American () is an American person of Swedish descent. They usually come from the great migration from Sweden to the United States in the 19th century. Many of them settled down in Minnesota.


Expressen

Expressen is a newspaper in Sweden. It was started on 16 November 1944. It is well known for its wasp symbol.

Allsång på Skansen

Allsång på Skansen is a sing-along event at Skansen in the town of Stockholm in Sweden, which first started on 26 May 1935. Originally broadcast over Sveriges Radio, broadcasts on Sveriges Television began on 3 August 1979.


Skansen

Skansen is an open air museum and zoo on the island Djurgården in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was opened in 1891, on the initiative of Artur Hazelius (1833–1901).

Djurgården

Djurgården () is an island in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. Attractions here are the amusement park Gröna Lund and the open air museum, Skansen.

Gröna Lund

Gröna Lund is an amusement park on the island of Djurgården in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was opened in 1883.

Essingeleden

Essingeleden is a motorway in central Sweden. It runs from Solna to Stockholm. It crosses the islands of Kungsholmen, Lilla Essingen and Stora Essingen. It was opened on 21 August 1966.

Bollebygd Municipality

Bollebygd Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Bollebygd. It was broken out of Borås Municipality in 1995.


Borås Municipality

Borås Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Borås.


Atlantic Division (NBA)

The Atlantic Division is group in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association, along with the Southeast Division and the Central Division.This division members are the Boston Celtics, Brooklyn Nets, New York Knicks, Philadelphia 76ers, and the Toronto Raptors.

Nykvarn Municipality

Nykvarn Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Nykvarn.

The municipality was established on 1 January 1999. It was broken out of Södertälje Municipality.


Uppvidinge Municipality

Uppvidinge Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Åseda.


Ystad Municipality

Ystad Municipality () is a municipality in Scania County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Ystad.


Central Division (NBA)

The Central Division is one of three divisions in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association, along with the Southeast Division and the Atlantic Division. The division consists of the Chicago Bulls, Cleveland Cavaliers, Detroit Pistons, Indiana Pacers, and the Milwaukee Bucks.

Sandviken Municipality

Sandviken Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Sandviken.


Ystad

Ystad is a town in the county of Scania in southern Sweden. It is the seat of Ystad Municipality.

 Haugesund, Rogaland, Norway

Ljungarum Church

Ljungarum Church () is a church in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to Jönköping Christina-Ljungarum Parish of the Church of Sweden. The building dates back to the 13th century. 

Sofia Church, Jönköping

Sofia Church () is a church in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden. It was opened on 8 April 1888. That day was the Octave of Easter.

Christina Church

The Christina Church () is a church in eastern parts of the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It belongs to Jönköping Christina-Ljungarum Parish of the Church of Sweden and was opened on 20 April 1673.

Friends Arena

Friends Arena is a sports stadium in Solna in Sweden. It was opened in 2012, and mainly hosts soccer games.

Stockholm Olympic Stadium

Stockholm Olympic Stadium () is a sports stadium in Stockholm, Sweden. It was opened in 1912, in time for the 1912 Summer Olympics.

Scandinavium

Scandinavium is an indoor sports stadium in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It was opened in on 18 May 1971. The stadium mainly hosts Frölunda HC ice hockey home games.

Stockholm Globe Arena

Stockholm Globe Arena () is an indoor sports stadium in Stockholm, Sweden. It was opened on 19 February 1989. It mainly hosts ice hockey games.

Råsunda Stadium

Råsunda Stadium () was a soccer stadium in Solna in Sweden. It was opened in April 1937, and closed down in November 2012. Its demolition began in January 2013.

Söderstadion

Söderstadion was a soccer and bandy stadium in Stockholm, Sweden. It was opened in 1966. It closed in June 2013, being prepared for demolition.

Johanneshovs isstadion

Johanneshovs isstadion is an indoor ice hockey stadium in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It was opened on 4 November 1955.

Shiloh

Shiloh is a children's book written by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor in 1991. It won the 1992 Newbery Medal. It is about a dog that is given abuse and a boy named Marty P. that tries to save him. he took the dog on day he raised the dog Finley until one night when a German Shepard from the bakers almost kills the dog. Marty kept it a secret that he had the dog. His dad knew the dog owner (Judd) and they took the dog to the doctor's office. The whole family raised it for a week. Judd wanted the dog soon. Marty saw Judd shooting a doe out of season. He tried to blackmail him, but they worked out a bargain that Marty would work for him for 20 hours. Then Marty and the family got the dog and everything went back to normal.

Hugh the Great

Hugh the Great or Hugues le Grand (895–16 June 956) was duke of the Franks and count of Paris.

Hugh was the son of King Robert I of France and Béatrice of Vermandois. She was the daughter of Herbert I, Count of Vermandois. Hugh was born in 895 in Paris, France. His eldest son was Hugh Capet who became King of France in 987. Hugh was a member of the family known as the Robertians.

In 922 the barons of western Francia revolted against the Carolingian king Charles the Simple. In his place they elected Robert I, Hugh's father, as King of Western Francia. Robert I died in battle at Soissons in 923. When Hugh refused the crown it went to his brother-in-law, Rudolph of France. Charles the simple asked his cousin Herbert II, Count of Vermandois for help in getting back his crown. But instead of helping the king he put him in prison. Herbert then used the threat of releasing his prisoner to get what he wanted. But Charles died in 929. From then on Hugh the great, acting for King Rudolph, had to struggle with Herbert II. Finally Rudolph and Herbert II came to an agreement in 935.

At the death of King Rudolph in 936, Hugh possessed nearly all of the region between the Loire and the Seine. This was the same territory as Neustria with the exceptions of Anjou and of Normandy. Hugh was one of those who brought Louis IV ("d'Outremer") from the Kingdom of England in 936. In 937 Hugh married Hedwige of Saxony, a daughter of Henry I the Fowler of Germany and Matilda of Ringelheim. Very soon however Hugh was quarrelling with King Louis.

In 939 king Louis attacked Hugh the Great and William I, Duke of Normandy. But soon after they made a truce which lasted until June. That same year Hugh, along with Herbert II of Vermandois, Arnulf I, Count of Flanders and Duke William Longsword paid homage to the Emperor Otto the Great. They supported him in his struggle against Louis. When Louis fell into the hands of the Normans in 945, he was handed over to Hugh in exchange for their young duke Richard. Hugh released Louis IV in 946 but made him surrender the fortress of Laon. In 948 at a church council at Ingelheim the bishops excommunicated Hugh even though he was not there. Hugh's response was to attack Soissons and Reims. Hugh finally changed his mind and made peace with Louis IV, and the church.

When Louis IV died Hugh was one of the first to recognize Lothair as his successor. For helping to have him crowned the new king gave Hugh Burgundy and Aquitaine. In the same year Giselbert, Duke of Burgundy acknowledged Hugh as his overlord and gave his daughter in marriage to Hugh's son Otto-Henry. On 16 June 956 Hugh the Great died in Dourdan.

In 922 Hugh married Judith, the daughter of Roger, Count of Maine and Rothilde. She died childless in 925.

Hugh's second wife was Eadhild, daughter of Edward the Elder, king of the Anglo-Saxons. They married in 926 and she died in 938, childless.
Hugh's third wife was Hedwig of Saxony, daughter of Henry the Fowler and Matilda of Ringelheim. She and Hugh had:


Mini-DIN connector

The mini-DIN connectors are a type of electrical connector. They are similar to the older and larger DIN connector.

Reed switch

A reed switch is an electrical switch that changes its position via magnetism. It is turned on by bringing a magnet near to the switch. Once the magnet is pulled away from the switch, the reed switch will go back to its original position. If the magnet is an electromagnet, it is a reed relay. The reed switch was invented at Bell Telephone Laboratories in 1936 by W. B. Ellwood.

Mando Diao

Mando Diao is a rock band from the town of Borlänge in Sweden. The band was started in 1999.



Borlänge Municipality

Borlänge Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Borlänge.


Doomwyte

Doomwyte is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2008. It is the 20th book in the Redwall series.

A young mouse named Bisky who lives at Redwall Abbey figures out riddles with his friends to find four beautiful jewels that had been hidden in Redwall a long time ago. But at the same time an evil raven is trying to find the gems too, because they had belonged to his kingdom a long time ago.

Richard II, Duke of Normandy

Richard II (23 August 963 - 28 August 1026), called the Good (French: "Le Bon"), was the Duke of Normandy from 996 to 1026. He was the first to assume the title of duke and built up his court to resemble that of a king. He commissioned Dudo of Saint-Quentin to write a detailed history of the Norman Dukes showing their and Christian patronage.

Richard II was the oldest son of Richard I the Fearless and Gunnora. He succeeded his father as Duke of Normandy in 996. During his minority, which was the first five years of his reign, his was his uncle Count Ralph of Ivrea. Ralph put down a peasant revolt at the start of Richard's reign.

Richard was very religious like his overlord king Robert II of France. Richard used his army to support the king against the duchy of Burgundy. He formed a marriage alliance with Brittany by marrying his sister Hawise of Normandy to Geoffrey I, Duke of Brittany. It became a double alliance when he married Geoffrey's sister, Judith of Brittany.

In the 980s the Vikings had been raiding England again. They would then cross the English Channel to Normandy to sell their plunder. Norman and Viking relations were good. Richard's father had hired Viking mercenaries in the 960s. He also allowed them safe haven in Normandy. This caused problems in England and with the Pope in Rome. In 990 representatives of the Pope negotiated a treaty between England and Normandy. Richard I agreed not to aid enemies of England (including Vikings). From 997 to 1000 a great Viking army attacked Wessex a number of times. In 1000 they came to Normandy and were allowed to land by Richard II. This broke the treaty between his father and the English king. In 1000-1001 the English attacked Normandy on the Cotentin Peninsula. The raid was led by king Ethelred the Unready of England. Ethelred had given orders that Richard be captured, shackled and brought to England. But the English were not prepared for the rapid response of the Norman cavalry and were quickly defeated.

Richard wanted to make peace with the English king. He gave his sister Emma of Normandy in marriage to King Ethelred. Ethelred gave Emma the city of Exeter as a dowry. This turned out to be an important marriage as it later gave Richard's grandson, William the Conqueror, a claim to the throne of England. In 1013 when Sweyn Forkbeard invaded England, Emma with her two sons Edward and Alfred fled to Normandy. After losing his throne King Ethelred followed shortly. Soon after the death of Ethelred, Cnut, King of England forced Emma to marry him. Duke Richard was forced to recognize the new regime as his sister was again Queen. 

Richard II commissioned Dudo of Saint-Quentin, his clerk and priest, to write about his ancestors. He was to tell the story of the Norman dukes in a way that showed their Christian morals. He wanted them shown to be good and upright leaders who built Normandy despite the bad behavior of their Frankish neighbors. It has been called by some historians a work of propaganda. While it contains a number of stories and legends, nowhere did Dudo claim the stories to be facts. When he wrote his work on the Customs and Deeds of the First Dukes of the Normans, Dudo seems to have met his goal "to tell in the noblest style the story of a noble destiny."

In 1025 and 1026 Richard confirmed gifts of his ancestor Rollo to Saint-Ouen at Rouen. He gave many other gifts to Monasteries. Their names show the areas over which Richard had ducal control: Caen, the Éverecin, the Cotentin, the Pays de Caux and Rouen.

Richard II died 28 Aug 1026.
He married firstly, , Judith (992–1017), daughter of Conan I of Brittany, by whom he had the following issue:

Secondly he married Poppa of Envermeu. They had the following children:


The Sable Quean

The Sable Quean is a children's fantasy novel. It was written by Brian Jacques in 2010, and it's the twenty-first book in the Redwall series.

The evil Vilaya, who's a sable (that's a kind of animal) queen, wants to take over Redwall Abbey. To do this, she kidnaps children from the Abbey and the area around it, so that if the woodlanders want their kids back, they'll have to give her their abbey.

Luckily, several good guys come to the rescue. But will the good guys and the good Redwallers be able to win against the Sable Quean?

Saint Joachim

Saint Joachim was the father of the Virgin Mary and the grandfather of Jesus. Joachim means "Yahweh prepares".

According to tradition, Joachim wanted to pray in the temple but was turned away because of his childlessness. He went to a mountaintop to pray to God. An angel appeared to him and his wife, Anna. The angel told Joachim that the Lord heard their prayers and that Anna was with child. 

It is believed that Anna and Joachim gave Mary to the service of the Temple when she was three years old.

St. Joachim and Saint Anna's feast day is July 26.

Ranked list of Spanish autonomous communities by area

This is a ranked list by area for Spain's autonomous communities, as well as for the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla.


Golden Gate (Jerusalem)

The Golden Gate (, ; Arabic: ) is one of the gates of the Old City of Jerusalem. It is in the western side of the walls and the main gate that was connected the Temple Mount to outside the old city. According to the Jewish tradition, the Messiah will come through this gate to the Temple. In the 16th century, the gate was blocked by the Ottoman Sultan and a Muslim cemetery was created to insure that Messiah will never come through this gate. According to the Christian tradition, Jesus came into this gate to Jerusalem.

The Hebrew name for the gate translates to the "Gate of Mercy". In ancient times the gate was known as the "Beautiful Gate".


Luhanka

Luhanka () is a municipality in Central Finland, Finland. About 765 people lived there in February 2014. The municipalities located next to Luhanka are Hartola, Joutsa, Jyväskylä, Jämsä, Kuhmoinen and Sysmä. Originally Luhanka was part of Sysmä. Later it was made into its own municipality in 1864. Luhanka is a popular place for summer cottages. 



Laukaa

Laukaa () is a municipality in Finland. About 18,573 people live there. Nearby municipalities include Hankasalmi, Jyväskylä, Konnevesi, Toivakka, Uurainen and Äänekoski.


Sahara Hotnights

Sahara Hotnights is a female rock band from Robertsfors in Sweden.





Uurainen

Uurainen is a municipality in central Finland. In 2013, about 3,554 people lived there. Nearby municipalities include Jyväskylä, Laukaa, Multia, Petäjävesi, Saarijärvi and Äänekoski.


Melody Club

The Melody Club is a pop band from the town of Växjö in Sweden. The band was started in 2000, and participated at Melodifestivalen in 2011 with the song "The Hunter".


Takida

Takida is a rock band from Ånge in Sweden. The band was established in the year of 1999.



Nastola

Nastola is a former municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. It was merged with the city of Lahti on 1 January 2016. In 2013, about 15,107 people lived there. Nearby municipalities include Asikkala, Heinola, Hollola, Iitti, Lahti and Orimattila.


Orimattila

Orimattila is a town in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. As of 2010, about 16,350 people lived there. Nearby municipalities include Hollola, Iitti, Kärkölä, Lahti, Lapinjärvi, Myrskylä, Mäntsälä, Nastola and Pukkila.

The former municipality of Artjärvi was merged with Orimattila in 2011.


Hollola

Hollola is a municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. About 22,092 people lived there in 2013. Nearby municipalities include Asikkala, Hämeenkoski, Kärkölä, Lahti, Nastola and Orimattila. On 1 January 2016, Hämeenkoski is a part of Hollola.


Kärkölä

Kärkölä is a municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. In 2013, about 4,776 people lived there. Nearby municipalities include Hausjärvi, Hollola, Hämeenkoski, Hämeenlinna, Mäntsälä and Orimattila.

Järvelä, Hevonoja, Hongisto, Hähkäniemi, Iso-Sattiala, Karvala, Kirkonkylä, Lappila, Maavehmaa, Marttila, Uusikylä and Vähä-Sattiala.


Hämeenlinna

Hämeenlinna is a town in Finland. As of January 2014, about 67,750 people lived there. Nearby municipalities include Akaa, Asikkala, Hattula, Hausjärvi, Hämeenkoski, Janakkala, Kärkölä, Loppi, Padasjoki, Pälkäne, Tammela, Urjala and Valkeakoski.

The former municipalities of Hauho, Kalvola, Lammi, Renko and Tuulos were merged with Hämeenlinna in 2009.


Padasjoki

Padasjoki is a municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. About 3,319 people lived there as of 31 May 2013. Nearby municipalities include Asikkala, Hämeenlinna, Kangasala, Kuhmoinen, Pälkäne and Sysmä.

People lived in the area of Padasjoki during the Stone Age. There is hill fort around the town.


Kuhmoinen

Kuhmoinen is a municipality in Central Finland. Almost 2,400 people lived there as of January 2014. Nearby municipalities include Jämsä, Kangasala, Luhanka, Orivesi, Padasjoki and Sysmä.

Harjunsalmi, Harmoinen, Kirkonkylä, Kissakulma, Kylämä, Patavesi, Pihlajakoski, Poikkijärvi, Puukkoinen, Päijälä, Ruolahti amd Sappee.



Pori

Pori is a city and municipality in Finland. The city had a population of 83,364 as of 31 August 2012. It covers without sea-areas.

Yyteri, a sand beach, is located at Pori.


Särkänniemi

Särkänniemi is a theme park in Tampere, Finland. It covers . It opened in 1969.


Matti Nykänen

Matti Ensio Nykänen (17 July 1963 in Jyväskylä – 4 February 2019 in Lappeenranta) was a Finnish ski jumper and singer. He won five Olympic medals (four gold), nine World Championships medals (five gold) and 22 Finnish Championships medals (13 gold). He won three gold medals at the 1988 Winter Olympics, which made him one of the two most successful athletes at those games.

Nykänen died in the early hours of 4 February 2019 from complications of diabetes, at the age of 55.



Heinola

Heinola is a town in Finland. About 19,997 people lived there as of 31 May 2013. Nearby municipalities include Asikkala, Hartola, Iitti, Kouvola, Mäntyharju, Nastola, Pertunmaa and Sysmä. 

The newspaper "Itä-Häme" is published in Heinola and neighbouring towns.

Heinola is founded 1776.

Tuusjärvi, Hirvisalo, Hujansalo, Härkälä, Imjärvi, Komeankylä, Korkee, Lauhjoki, Lusi, Läpiä, Kausa, Marjoniemi, Myllykylä, Onali, Paaso, Paistjärvi, Pääsinniemi, Rihu, Taipale, Vaippilainen (Vaippila), Vierumäki and Jyränkö.


Olavi Lanu

Olavi Lanu (10 July 1925 – 11 May 2015) is a Finnish sculptor and professor. One of Lanu's sculptures is in Lanu-puisto, Lahti, Finland. His most famous sculptures are quite big. The surfaces of his sculptures imitate nature.



The Well-Tempered Clavier

The Well-Tempered Clavier (also known as WTC, BWV 846–893) is the title of two collections of musical works for solo keyboard instruments by the Baroque composer Johann Sebastian Bach. The first collection was written in 1722 and the second was written in 1742, but they were not published until 1801, fifty years after Bach died. Although the music was written for the harpsichord, which was popular at the time, today it is usually played and heard on a piano.

Both collections have 24 short preludes and 24 fugues to go along with it. All of them contrast with each other: some of them are easy to learn, while others are hard to follow (because there are many different melodies going on at the same time, which is called counterpoint). What is special about them is that each prelude and fugue is written in a different major or minor key. They appear in the book so that they go up by semitones. That is, the first prelude and fugue is in C major, the second is in C minor, the third in C-sharp major (or D-flat major), the fourth in C-sharp minor, and so on, until the last two preludes and fugues are in B major and B minor, in that order.

Other composers would later write music that is also in all 24 major and minor keys. The best known of these are the Preludes by Frédéric Chopin, but this would also later be done by Charles-Valentin Alkan, Sergei Rachmaninoff, and Dmitri Shostakovich, to name a few.

Some of the music that appears in "The Well-Tempered Clavier" has become famous. For example, the French Romantic composer Charles Gounod wrote a setting of Ave Maria that is based on the melody of the first Prelude in C Major in the "WTC".


Pottiputki

A pottiputki is a planting tool for putting plants to ground It makes planting faster. The worker strikes the tool into the ground, and then stamps on the mechanism and the pottiputki makes a hole in the ground. A plant is then dropped in the tube of the tool, and falls into the hole.

Ranked list of Spanish autonomous communities by population

This is a ranked list by population, as for 1 January 2012, for Spain's autonomous communities, as well as for the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla.


Pentti Vuorio

Pentti Vuorio might mean:


Separatist (disambiguation)

A Separatist is a follower of a concept called Separatism. In addition:

Imperiet

Imperiet was a rock band from Stockholm in Sweden. It was active from 1983 to 1988.



BWO

BWO was a synthpop group from Sweden. It was established in 2003, and broke up in 2010. Up to 2009, the group was known under the full name Bodies Without Organs.

BWO participated at Melodifestivalen in 2005, 2006, 2008 and 2009.



Stiftelsen

Stiftelsen is a rock band from Sweden. The band was established in the year of 2010, and broke through in 2012 with the song "Mitt hjärta slår".




Soviet submarine S-363

Soviet submarine "S-363" (unofficial Swedish name: U137) was a Soviet submarine that ran aground outside the town of Karlskrona in Sweden on 27 October 1981. On 5 November the same year, it was led out of Swedish territorial waters.


Folkhemmet

Folkhemmet (literally, People's Home) is a political term in Swedish. It was first used by Rudolf Kjellén in the early 20th century. It was adopted by the Swedish Social Democratic Party in the 1920s. On 18 January 1928, Swedish social democrat Per Albin Hansson delivered a speech including the word. His meaning referred to equality and cooperation. The speech made the term popular.

Nowadays the term may not only refer to Per Albin Hansson's visions but also works as a poetic name for the Swedish welfare state.


Bell 214

The Bell 214 is an American helicopter. It is a more powerful variant of the Bell 205. It was developed for both civilian and military use. Bell 214ST is a bigger variant. Iran was the main military operator of the Bell 214.

Lockheed MC-130

The Lockheed MC-130 is a US military cargo aircraft. It is a very specialized variant of the famous C-130 Hercules, used exclusively by U.S. special forces. It can fly on low altitude. MC-130 are only used by US Air Force.

The MC-130J, which became operational in 2011, is the new-production variant that is replacing the other special operations MC-130s. As of May 2016, the Air Force has taken delivery of 33 of the planned 37 -J models.

Catalina affair

The Catalina affair () was a military confrontation and diplomatic crisis in June 1952 between the USSR and Sweden. It was during the Cold War. Soviet fighter aeroplanes shot down two Swedish Air Force aeroplanes over the Baltic Sea. Both aircrafts were found in 2003.

The Redwall Cookbook

The Redwall Cookbook is a cookbook written by Brian Jacques with recipes for food from the Redwall book series, from Deeper'n'Ever Pie and Summer Strawberry Fizz, to Abbot's Special Abbey Trifle and Shrimp'n'Hotroot Soup.





Massa's in de Cold Ground

"Massa's in de Cold Ground" is a minstrel song composed by Stephen Foster and first published in 1852. It was one of only four songs Foster published that year and sold hundreds of copies. Foster received a royalty of only 2 cents for each copy sold, but the song earned him US$900 within five years of its publication. 

The song is written in the key of D major in 4/4 time. An initial phrase is repeated five times, beginning every line except one. The phrase ends with a octave leap upwards in the melody. "Massa" is a slow, sad song in dialect written for the minstrel stage. 

The song tells of slaves weeping at the grave of their deceased master. Sometime after the American Civil War, another "cold" was added to title, thus becoming, "Massa's in de Cold, Cold Ground". 

In November of 1852, when the novel "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was first performed as a dramatic adaptation in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (Foster's birthplace), "Massa's in de Cold Ground" and two other Foster melodies were added to the production.



Järvenpää

Järvenpää is a town in southern Finland. On 31 May 2013, about 39,734 people lived there. It covers an area of .



Kokkola

Kokkola (, previously "Gamlakarleby") is a town in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of January 2014, over 47,000 people lived there. It covers an area of , not including the sea area. Nearby municipalities are Halsua, Kalajoki, Kannus, Kaustinen, Kruunupyy, Lestijärvi, Luoto and Toholampi.

The former municipalities of Lohtaja, Kälviä and Ullava were merged with Kokkola in 2009.

Kokkola was established in 1620. The people speak two languages: Finnish and Swedish.


Kouvola

Kouvola is a town in Kymenlaakso, Finland. As of 31 May 2013, there were 87,254 people living there. Its current form was established in 2009. Six other municipalities: (Kouvola, Kuusankoski, Elimäki, Anjalankoski, Valkeala and Jaala) closed and joined to form Kouvola.

There is a loading dock (next to the railway line, as of the 2020s); The dock is a kilometer long. 



Hamina

Hamina () is a town in Kymenlaakso, Finland. As of 31 May 2013, 21,252 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Kotka, Kouvola, Luumäki, Miehikkälä and Virolahti. Writer Laila Hietamies wrote a book about Hamina.

The town plan of Hamina differs from what is usual in Finland. It is rare in other countries too. Another town with a similar plan is Palmanova, in Italy.

A local museum is located on the island of Tammio, near to the town.

Hamina was established 1653. In writing, it was mentioned as a trading centre in the 1300s.


Taka Michinoku

Takao Yoshida (born October 26, 1973) is a Japanese professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist who is currently working for New Japan Pro Wrestling under the ring name, Taka Michinoku.

Michinoku has competed for many professional wresting companies during his career including Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), CMLL, World Wresting Federation (WWF), Kaientai Dojo and All Japan Pro Wrestling.

During his time in the WWF, Michinoku became the first ever WWF Light Heavyweight Champion when he defeated Brian Christopher at .

Michinoku faced Keiichiro Yamamiya at Pancrase: Alive 4 on April 27, 1997 but was defeated 7:36 in the first round from submission by keylock.



Repovesi National Park

Repovesi National Park is national park near Kouvola and Mäntyharju in Finland. It was established in January 2003. The area is . There are many paths for visitors.


Shaheed-e-Mohabbat Boota Singh

Shaheed-e-Mohabbat Boota Singh () is a Punjabi feature movie from 1999. It was directed by Manoj Punj. It is also spelled "Shaheed-e-Mohabbat" for short. The movie is based on the real-life love story of Boota Singh and a Punjabi girl It is set in the Punjab region during the time of the partition of India. The movie stars Gurdas Maan as Boota Singh and Divya Dutta as the Punjabi girl. Arun Bakshi, Gurkirtan and B. N. Sharma played the supporting roles.

The movie was an international success. It was shown at many national and international movie festivals, including the 1999 Vancouver International Film Festival, International Film Festival of India and many more. The movie won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Punjabi at the 46th National Film Awards. This movie was produced by Manjeet Maan. It is the first movie by Maan's home production company, Sai Productions.

Boota Singh

Boota Singh (Gurmukhi: ਬੂਟਾ ਸਿੰਘ; Shahmukhi: بوٹا سنگھ), sometimes spelled as Buta Singh, was a Sikh soldier in the British Army. He served in Burma during World War II, under the command of Lord Mountbatten. He is very well known in India and Pakistan. He is famous for his tragic love story with a Punjabi girl who he rescued from the riots during the partition of India in 1947. 

Both fell in love and got married. Later, she was deported (sent back) to Punjab. Boota illegally entered Punjab to find her. She stayed away from him due to pressure from her family. Because of this, he killed himself by jumping in front of a moving train near Shahdara railway station in Punjab. He did this with his daughter, but she survived.

The love story of Singh's life has been adapted to movies and books, from both India and Pakistan. A Punjabi movie "Shaheed-e-Mohabbat Boota Singh" (1999) is entirely based on the story. Ishrat Rahmani wrote a book, "Muhabbat", based on the story. The story also influenced many other movies including "Partition", a Hollywood movie from 2007.

Singh lived in a village of Jalandhar district in British Punjab. When he returned home from fighting in Burma, his youth was over. All his friends were married with their own families, but he was still not married. He found no woman to marry him. Once a trader offered to sell Singh a bride from Uttar Pradesh or Bihar for rupees 2000/-. From this day onward, he started saving all his money for the dowry.

His uncle and cousins were wanting him to die unmarried, so that they could inherit his share of the family's land.

In his suicide note, Singh expressed his last wish to be buried in Noorpur village near Barki. This is where her parents had resettled after the Partition. The autopsy of Singh's body was done in a hospital in Lahore. It was taken to the town on 22 February 1957 for burial. However, the townsmen did not allow him to be buried there. Instead, Singh was buried at Miani Sahib Graveyard of Lahore.

In 1999, Manoj Punj directed a Punjabi feature movie, "Shaheed-e-Mohabbat Boota Singh", entirely based on the life story of Boota Singh. The movie stars Gurdas Maan as Boota Singh and Divya Dutta as the Punjabi girl. The music was composed by Amar Haldipur. It was a success internationally. It won the "National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Punjabi" at the 46th National Film Awards. It was also shown at many national and international movie festivals, including the 1999 Vancouver International Film Festival and the International Film Festival of India. Ishrat Rahmani wrote a novel on the love story, titled "Muhabbat". The story also featured in an English book, "Freedom at Midnight", by Larry Collins and Dominique Lapierre.

Geometric topology

Geometric topology is a discipline of mathematics. It looks at manifolds and embeddings. Examples are the Knot theory and Braid groups. Since 1945, the field of Topology has developed further:

Lake Gałęziste

Lake Gałęziste is a lake in Poland. It is in Wigry National Park. It is deep.

Riksdag

The Parliament of Sweden () is the legislative government of Sweden. The parliament building is on the Stockholm island of Helgeandsholmen. The parliament has 349 seats since 1976 (350 between 1971 and 1976). Between 1867 and 1971, the parliament had two chambers, but has been reduced to one. Elections are held in September every fourth year (third year between 1970-1994).


Hawker Hunter

The Hawker Hunter is a British military jet aircraft. It was designed and built as fighter aircraft for the Royal Air Force. But it was used by many other operators as Fleet Air Arm, or foreign air forces. Belgium, Iraq, Sweden, and Switzerland are among the operators of this aircraft.

Noice

Noice is a Swedish rock band, formed in Gustavsberg in 1977. The band gained legendary status in Sweden after their breakthrough on the TV show Måndagsbörsen on March 17, 1980. All members were under the age of 18 at the time of their breakthrough.

In their original formation, Noice released 3 studio albums. The band split up in 1983, but have reorganized many times in different forms for nostalgia tours.

2 of the original members, Hasse Carlsson and Freddie Hansson both died from extensive drug usage less than 1 year apart.

On September 29, 2023, Noice released their first studio album since 2004.






Freestyle

Freestyle was a Swedish pop music group. It was active from 1980 to 1983.





Style (band)

Style was a Swedish pop music group. They were active from 1983 to 1989. The band was reunited in 1998, 2003, 2009 and 2010.




Dag Vag

Dag Vag is a Swedish pop, reggae, and punk band. It was formed in 1978. The lead singer was Per Odeltorp (1948-2012), popularly known as Stig Vig.





Eldkvarn

Eldkvarn was a gristmill in central Stockholm in Sweden, that was destroyed by a fire on 31 October 1878. In its place today is the Stockholm City Hall. The mill was built in 1805 for Abraham Niclas Edelcrantz with a steam engine built by Samuel Owen.

Eldkvarn (band)

Eldkvarn is rock band from the town of Norrköping in Sweden. The band was founded in 1971.







Kikki, Bettan &amp; Lotta

Kikki, Bettan & Lotta was a supertrio from Sweden. They were active from 2001 to 2004. It consisted of Kikki Danielsson, Elisabeth Andreassen and Lotta Engberg.





Matz Bladhs

Matz Bladhs is a dansband from the town of Falkenberg in Sweden. The band was founded in 1968.





Hawker Sea Hawk

The Hawker Sea Hawk is a British military jet aircraft. It was designed and built as a fighter aircraft for the Royal Navy. It was designed and built for operations from the British aircraft carriers. Foreign operators were Germany, India, and Netherlands.
Hawker Sea Hawk were used by the British in the Suez Canal crisis of 1956, and by Indians in Indo-Pakistani War of 1971.

Family Four

Family Four was a band from Sweden. They represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 with "Vita vidder" and at Eurovision Song Contest 1972 with "Härliga sommardag".


Frequency response

Frequency response is a measure of the range of bass, mid-range, and treble that your speakers can reproduce with clarity. The wider the frequency range, the more dynamic sound you’ll hear.

Systems respond differently to inputs of different frequencies. Some systems may amplify frequencies of certain range and attenuate the other frequencies. The way that the system output is related to the input for different frequencies is called frequency response. Frequency response means a graph where can be seen how something changes in different sound frequency. It is typically used in loudspeakers. Also audio crossovers way to function can be shown with frequency response.

The frequency response will be represented by two numbers and measured in Hertz (Hz) which is the unit of measurement for one frequency cycle. The first number represents the lowest bass frequency while the second number indicates the highest high-frequency an audio product can produce.

Sukhoi Su-25

The Sukhoi Su-25 is an attack aircraft designed and built in the USSR, and after in Russia. It was used by Soviets militaries during the war in Afghanistan. Foreign operators are mainly former Warsaw Pact countries and states near the communist regimes. NATO called it "Frogfoot". First designed by Kenan and Haydn Douglas Griffiths of the soviet Air force research and development. Then The idea was expanded on by Eryk Deryniowski who then Went to transfer the idea on to Sukhoi. 

Audio crossover

Audio crossover is an electric circuit that separates low and high audio frequencies in a signal. It is needed because very small loudspeakers (tweeters) would break if fed by low frequencies. Likewise, bigger speakers (subwoofers) are not able to play higher frequencies purely.

Audio crossovers are divided to passive or active crossovers. Typical components used with passive crossovers are capacitors inductors and resistors. If passive crossover uses resistors to adjust loudness, those generate heat. Instead, active devices typically use resistors and capacitors with other audioelectronic components and those typically don't consume so much electric power. Also, active crossovers are easily built to be adjustable. Still, that doesn't mean that using passive crossover means low quality.

Hawker Hurricane

The Hawker Hurricane is a famous British military aircraft of World War II. This was the main fighter used by the RAF during the Battle of Britain. It was later outclassed by the Supermarine Spitfire. "Sea Hurricane" was a navalized variant, used by Fleet Air Arm.

Hawker Siddeley HS-748

The Hawker Siddeley HS-748 is a British civilian aircraft. Designed and built as an airliner it was also used by militaries as cargo aircraft and for aerial test support.
It can carry between 45 and 50 passengers. Andover is a modified military variant.

CASA C-212 Aviocar

The CASA C-212 Aviocar is a Spanish twin-turboprop aircraft. Designed and built as a cargo aircraft, it is also a light airliner. It is used both by civilians and militaries. US Air Force use some as C-41 to support special forces. Some variants are built for reconnaissance and maritime patrol.

Eu, Seine-Maritime

Eu is a commune of Seine-Maritime near Le Tréport. By the river "Bresles", it marks the border with Picardie. This commune is famous for its castle and for its Collegiate church.

Akaa

Akaa is a city in Finland. About 17,000 people live there. Nearby municipalities include Hämeenlinna, Lempäälä, Urjala, Valkeakoski and Vesilahti. In Akaa is the biggest mämmi factory in world. There were mämmi-eating competitions in 2005 and 2007.


LOC

LOC, L.O.C., Loc, LoC, or locs may refer to:


Mämmi

Mämmi is a traditional Finnish food. It is similar to porridge. Originally, it was eaten only in western Finland. It is served cooled with cream and sugar. Mämmi is usually eaten around Easter. It is a dark-brown porridge-like dish with a thick but smooth consistency, made from a combination of rye flour, rye malt, and sugar, and flavored with orange zest and cardamom. It has a similar consistency to porridge or pudding. Mämmi is thought to be the equivalent of Jewish unleavened bread as festive food. It is centuries old and is served as a dessert during Easter in Finland.


Hanko

Hanko () is a city in Uusimaa, Finland. As of January 2014, about 9,100 people lived there. More people come to live in Hanko during the summer. Hanko is the most southern municipality in Finland. The municipilaty is surrounded by sea on three sides. Many of the people in Hanko speak Swedish instead of Finnish. Nearby municipalities include Kemiönsaari and Kemiönsaari.


Rosvopaisti

Rosvopaisti is a traditional Finnish food. It is cooked in a 50 cm-deep hole. At the bottom of the hole is put a camp fire. It is cooked there for 3-4 hours. After that, a steak is put in the hole. Cooking takes about 8-12 hours. 


Gunnora

Gunnora (or Gunnor) (–), "Duchess" of Normandy, was the wife of Richard I, Duke of Normandy. She was an important figure in his reign and those of her sons.

Gunnora belonged to a family from the Pays de Caux area in Normandy. Gunnora was probably born . Her family was very influential in western Normandy and Gunnora was said to be very wealthy. Her marriage to Richard I was of great political importance. It allied him with a powerful rival family in the Cotentin. Her brother, Herfast de Crepon, was the of a great Norman family. Her sisters and nieces married some of the most important nobles in Normandy. 

At the time the Normans were used to more than one kind of marriage. Richard I wanted his son Robert to become the Archbishop of Rouen. He was told the church would not allow it because he and Gunnora were not married in a Christian ceremony. So he married Gunnora "according to the Christian custom", making their children legitimate in the eyes of the church.

Gunnora signed many ducal charters up into the 1020s. She was skilled in languages and had an excellent memory. She was a source of information on Norman history for Dudo of St. Quentin. Her husband depended on her as is shown in the couple's charters where she held several important positions. She was at times regent of Normandy, a and a judge. In a typical roll for a medieval aristocratic mother, she was an between her husband and their oldest son Richard II. As Richard I's widow she is mentioned as being active in her sons' careers. 

Gunnora was a founder and of Coutances Cathedral and laid its first stone. In one of her own charters after Richard's death she gave two pieces of land (called allods) to the abbey of Mont Saint-Michel. These were Britavilla and Domjean which were part of her dowry. She gave them for the soul of her husband, for her own soul and that of her sons "count Richard, archbishop Robert, and others..." She also signed a charter, , to that same abbey as "Gonnor matris comitis" (Gunnor, mother of the count). Gunnora, as wife and countess, was able to use her influence to see her kin favored, and several of the most prominent Anglo-Norman families on both sides of the English Channel are descended from her, her sisters and her nieces. Gunnora died .

Richard and Gunnora were parents to several children:


Stockholm City Hall

The Stockholm City Hall () is the municipal building in Stockholm in Sweden. It is on the island of Kungsholmen. It was built between 1911 and 1923, with Ragnar Östberg being the architect. The Stockholm Municipality council meetings are held here. Each year on 10 December, the Nobel Prize party is held here.

Stockholm Palace

The Stockholm Palace () is the royal castle in Stockholm in Sweden. It was built in the 18th century, after a fire in 1697 destroyed the old castle Tre Kronor.


Riddarholmen Church

The Riddarholmen Church () is a church building in Stockholm, Sweden. It belongs to the Church of Sweden. It is on the island of Riddarholmen. Several Swedish monarchs are buried here.

It is one of the oldest building in Stockholm, and dates back to the Middle Ages.


Royal Chapel (Sweden)

The Royal Chapel () is a church inside the Stockholm Palace. It belongs to the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1754.

Adolf Fredrik Church

Adolf Fredrik Church () is a church building in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. It belongs to the Church of Sweden. It was opened on 27 November 1774. In its graveyard, former Swedish prime ministers Hjalmar Branting and Olof Palme have been buried.

Hedvig Eleonora Church

Hedvig Eleonora Church () is a church in Stockholm, Sweden. It belongs to the Church of Sweden. It was opened on 21 August 1737. 

Sweden women's national ice hockey team

The Sweden women's national ice hockey team () represents the country of Sweden in women's ice hockey. The team started in 1987. It won bronze medals at the world championships in the years 2005 and 2007, Olympic bronze medal in 2002, and an Olympic silver medal in 2006.

Svenska Dagbladet

Svenska Dagbladet is a newspaper in Sweden. It is based in Stockholm. It was started on 18 December 1884.


Kitee

Kitee is a city in North Karelia, Finland. As of January 2014 over 11,200 people lived there. Nearby municipalities include Parikkala, Rääkkylä, Savonlinna and Tohmajärvi.

Kitee was established 1631 and it came to be a city in 1992.

Since 2013, Kesälahti merged with Kitee.


Orivesi, Karjalan Pyhäjärvi, Kiteenjärvi, Ätäskö, Heinäjärvi, Pieniheinäjärvi, Särkijärvi, Hyypii, Pitkäjärvi, Säynejärvi, Lautakko, Paasselkä (Paasivesi) and Piimäjärvi.


FC Groningen

FC Groningen is a football club from Groningen, Netherlands. It was founded in 1971. It plays in the highest division of the Netherlands, the Eredivisie. Their home kit is green and white.

Jönköpings-Posten

Jönköpings-Posten (JP) is a newspaper in Sweden. It is based in the town of Jönköping. It was started on 17 January 1865.


Stadsparksvallen

Stadsparksvallen is a sports ground in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. Opened in 1902, it is the home ground for the Jönköpings Södra IF soccer club.


Joutseno

Joutseno is a former town and municipality of Finland. It is now part of Lappeenranta. Joutseno had a population of 10,821 in 2004. It covers an area of , of which about is water. 

Norrahammar

Norrahammar is a part of the Jönköping locality ("town"). It has been part of the town since the 1970s. It is located within the Jönköping Municipality in the county of Jönköping in Sweden.

Tenhult

Tenhult is an urban area in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is in the Jönköping Municipality.

Smålandsstenar

Smålandsstenar is an urban area in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is in the Gislaved Municipality.

Gislaved Municipality

Gislaved Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Gislaved.


Vaggeryd Municipality

Vaggeryd Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is both in Skillingaryd and Vaggeryd.


Värnamo Municipality

Värnamo Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Värnamo.


The Rogue Crew

The Rogue Crew is a children's fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 2011. It is the 22nd book in the Redwall series. It is the last book in the series too, because Jacques died in 2011.

An evil animal called a Wearat is coming to take over Redwall Abbey. The hares of the Long Patrol army and the sea otters called the Rogue Crew have to fight this horrible creature and save the land of Mossflower.

Skillingaryd

Skillingaryd is a settlement in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is in the Vaggeryd Municipality. Together with Vaggeryd, it consists of the municipal seat.

Gnosjö Municipality

Gnosjö Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Gnosjö.


Eksjö Municipality

Eksjö Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Eksjö.


Aneby Municipality

Aneby Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Aneby.


Tranås Municipality

Tranås Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tranås.


Karlsborg Municipality

Karlsborg Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Karlsborg.


Håbo Municipality

Håbo Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Bålsta.


Bålsta

Bålsta is a locality, and the seat of Håbo Municipality, in the county of Uppsala in central Sweden.

Kalix Municipality

Kalix Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Kalix.


Ånge Municipality

Ånge Municipality () is a municipality in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Ånge.


Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk

The Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk is a US military jet aircraft. It was the first stealth aircraft to be declared operational. It was only used by US Air Force until 2003. It was used in the Gulf War. It was also used by NATO air attacks in Kosovo in 1999.
The Lockheed F-117 is a single-seat, twin-engine stealth ground-attack aircraft that is operated by the United States Air Force. The F-117 was the first flyable aircraft to be designed around stealth technology. It retired in 2008 because of the F-22 Raptor. It is shaped to deflect radar signals. It is limited to subsonic speed. It’s weird 2d shape was from the 1970’s era computer technology.

Vindeln Municipality

Vindeln Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Vindeln.


Degerfors Municipality

Degerfors Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Degerfors.


Söderköping Municipality

Söderköping Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Söderköping.


Oxelösund Municipality

Oxelösund Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Oxelösund.


Kristinehamn Municipality

Kristinehamn Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Kristinehamn.


Katrineholm Municipality

Katrineholm Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Katrineholm.


Knivsta Municipality

Knivsta Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Knivsta.

The municipality was established on 1 January 2003. It was broken out of Uppsala Municipality.


Percival Pembroke

The Percival Pembroke is a British military light transport aircraft. It is a twin-engine aircraft. It was used by the RAF and many other militaries operators. Its first flight was in November 1952.

Lotta på Liseberg

Lotta på Liseberg is a sing-along event at Liseberg in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It has been around since 21 June 2004. Broadcastings over TV 4 began on 22 June 2009. Since the beginning, Lotta Engberg has been the host.


Lohja

Lohja () is a city in Uusimaa, Finland. As of January 2014 almost 48,000 people live there. Nearby municipalities are Inkoo, Karkkila, Raasepori, Siuntio, Vihti, Salo, Somero and Tammela.

In 2009, Sammatti became a part of Lohja. In 2013, the former municipalities of Karjalohja and Nummi-Pusula were merged with Lohja.

A large cave is located in Lohja.

The people in Lohja speak two languages: Finnish and Swedish.


Royal Aircraft Factory SE-5

The Royal Aircraft Factory SE-5 is a British single-engine fighter aircraft. It is a biplane, that was used for World War I. It was used by the Royal Flying Corps from March 1917.

Calculating Infinity

Calculating Infinity is the first album by The Dillinger Escape Plan. The Dillinger Escape Plan was an American mathcore band. Relapse Records released it on September 28, 1999. Steve Evetts produced the album with Ben Weinman and Chris Pennie. Many music critics think it is an important work of avant-garde metal. "Calculating Infinity" is the band's only album to have Dimitri Minakakis as the lead singer. Minakakis left the band in 2001.

Many music critics liked the album. Some liked that the music on the album was complex. Many critics think that it is one of the best albums made by The Dillinger Escape Plan. "Calculating Infinity" is one of the first mathcore albums. It inspired other people to make mathcore music.


Sävsjö Municipality

Sävsjö Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Sävsjö.


Västervik Municipality

Västervik Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Västervik.


Vetlanda Municipality

Vetlanda Municipality () is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Vetlanda.


Oskarshamn Municipality

Oskarshamn Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Oskarshamn.


Vimmerby Municipality

Vimmerby Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Vimmerby.


Olofström Municipality

Olofström Municipality () is a municipality in Blekinge County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Olofström.


Karlshamn Municipality

Karlshamn Municipality () is a municipality in Blekinge County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Karlshamn.


Ronneby Municipality

Ronneby Municipality () is a municipality in Blekinge County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Ronneby.


Arvika Municipality

Arvika Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Arvika.


Arboga Municipality

Arboga Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Arboga.


Boulton Paul Defiant

The Boulton Paul Defiant was a British fighter aircraft. This single-engine, aircraft first in August 1937 and was used by the British Royal Air Force in World War II. 

Defiants were different to other fighter planes because their guns (four Machine guns) were in a rotating turret and could fire in any direction. They had two crew: one man was the pilot and the other aimed the guns.

Defiants were made to shoot down enemy bomber aircraft. When they were used during the Battle of Britain, they were good at this. But they were slower and could not turn as well as German fighter planes, like the Messerschmitt Bf 109. A lot of Defiants were shot down by German fighters.

After the Battle of Britain, the British only flew Defiants at night. In this way they could attack the German bombers that also flew at night, and avoid the German fighters because they only flew during the day. 

Today, only one Defiant is left in the world; it is in a museum in London.

Emmaboda Municipality

Emmaboda Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Emmaboda.


Sunne Municipality

Sunne Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Sunne.

People have been living in this area for 5000 years. Old graves from the Iron Age can be found at Kolsnäsudden 


Surahammar Municipality

Surahammar Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Surahammar.


Hallstahammar Municipality

Hallstahammar Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Hallstahammar.


Lindesberg Municipality

Lindesberg Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Lindesberg.


Nora Municipality

Nora Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Nora.


Stenungsund Municipality

Stenungsund Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Stenungsund.


English Electric Lightning

The English Electric Lightning is a British fighter jet. It is a twin-turbojet. It was used by the Royal Air Force for the Cold War and by air forces of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.

Enköping Municipality

Enköping Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Enköping.


Sigtuna Municipality

Sigtuna Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Märsta.


Ockelbo Municipality

Ockelbo Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Ockelbo.


Hudiksvall Municipality

Hudiksvall Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Hudiksvall.


Ljusdal Municipality

Ljusdal Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Ljusdal.


Hofors Municipality

Hofors Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Hofors.


Bollnäs Municipality

Bollnäs Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Bollnäs.


Nordanstig Municipality

Nordanstig Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Bergsjö.


Öckerö Municipality

Öckerö Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Öckerö.


Kramfors Municipality

Kramfors Municipality () is a municipality in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Kramfors.


Berg Municipality

Berg Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Svenstavik.


Storuman Municipality

Storuman Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Storuman.


Shemini Atzeret

Shemini Atzeret ( – "the Eighth [day] of Assembly") is a Jewish holiday of the (Northern Hemisphere) autumn. In Israel, the date of the holiday is 22 Tishrei on the Hebrew calendar. Outside of Israel, it is two days long, on 22-23 Tishrei. On the Gregorian calendar, Shemini Atzeret comes in late September or early or middle October.

The holiday is best known for the celebration of Simchat Torah (שִׂמְחֵת תּוֹרָה), "Rejoicing of the Torah", when Jews finish the annual cycle of reading the whole Torah out loud in synagogue. Outside Israel, "Simchat" Torah is celebrated on the second day of the holiday. Most people outside Israel use the name "Shemini Atzeret" for the first day only. They call the second day "Simchat Torah" because of this celebration. In Israel, the one day of the holiday is called by both names.

In some ways, this holiday is part of the holiday of Sukkot. The "shemini" ("8th") is the "8th day" of Sukkot. In other ways, this holiday is a separate holiday on its own, and not part of Sukkot. 

Shemini Atzeret is an important Jewish holiday. Like on Shabbat and other important Jewish holidays, work is not allowed on Shemini Atzeret.

The holiday of Shemini Atzeret is in the Torah (Pentateuch) twice, at and at . The Torah does not say much about the holiday, though.

The Torah says that this holiday falls on the eighth day of Sukkot. However, in the same paragraph, the celebrations of Sukkot are described as lasting "seven" days, not eight. The Talmud writes about this apparent problem. At the end of the section, the Talmud says that at the same time,
The laws and customs of Shemini Atzeret show both pieces of the holiday.



Some Jewish holidays have special rituals, like the Seder of Passover or the sukkah, lulav and etrog of Sukkot. In the Torah, there are no rituals like that for Shemini Atzeret. But starting at the time of the Talmud, Shemini Atzeret became the holiday for finishing the annual reading of the Torah in the synagogue. The celebration of that—called Simchat Torah— has become the main feature of the holiday.
In synagogues, one section of the Torah is read on every Shabbat of the year. The last section, from Deuteronomy, is read on the holiday of Shemini Atzeret. Over the last 1000 years, the reading of the last section has become a big celebration called Simchat Torah, or "Rejoicing of the Torah". This celebration is so important that the whole day of the celebration is called "Simchat Torah." In Israel, this celebration happens on the single day of the holiday, 22 Tishrei. Outside of Israel, it happens on the second of the two days, 23 Tishrei.
The name "Simchat Torah" does not appear in the Torah or the Talmud. The Talmud says that the final section of the Torah is read on Shemini Atzeret. But it does not use the name Simchat Torah, and it does not describe a special celebration. The first reference to any kind of celebration comes from the period of the "Geonim" (7th-11th centuries CE). That source mentioned the custom of dancing with the Torah, which is still a custom today.

In modern times, Simchat Torah has become a day to show Jewish pride in public. 

Simchat Torah evening is a wikt:festive and child-friendly holiday. After the regular holiday evening prayers, all the Torahs are taken from the wikt:ark. Members of the synagogue march or dance around the synagogue seven times with the Torahs. Each time around the synagogue, the people pray "Save us! Answer us on the day we call!" Sometimes the dancing moves from the synagogue to the street outside. Sometimes the dancing can go late into the evening, with extra songs and prayers added. One very common custom is for people—especially children—to march or dance with flags, sometimes with candles or apples on top. At the end of the dancing in most synagogues, a piece of the last Torah portion in Deuteronomy is read in public. In Orthodox and Conservative synagogues, the very end of Deuteronomy is not read at night. But in Reform synagogues, it sometimes is.
After the regular holiday morning prayers, the dancing and marching of the previous night are repeated. After that, every wikt:eligible adult member of the synagogue is called to the Torah for an "aliyah" (honor), says blessings, and has several verses of the Torah read. Depending on the size of the synagogue, this can take a long time. Different synagogues have different ways to do this:
Once all eligible adults have received an honor, the celebration comes to its highest point. The last three honors go to distinguished members of the synagogue:
For all of these honors, the person honored stands under a "tallit" (prayer ) held open like the "ḥuppa," or , in a Jewish wedding.

In Israel, it has become common to add an extra night of celebration to Simchat Torah. This is called "Hakafot Shniyot" (Second Circuits). It happens on 23 Tishrei, the same night as Jews in the rest of the world celebrate Simchat Torah. This is a way for Jews around the world to show Jewish pride together. Because the holiday of Shemini Atzeret is over after one day in Israel, holiday restrictions do not apply. So "Hakafot Shniyot" can include things not normally allowed on Shabbat and Jewish holidays (like bands and photography).

The Torah states that it is a requirement for Jews to be happy on Sukkot. The Talmud writes that this requirement lasts for eight days—the seven days of Sukkot "and" Shemini Atzeret. As part of this, Hallel is said in synagogue during the morning prayers of Shemini Atzeret.

In Israel, this is the only practice from Sukkot that continues into Shemini Atzeret. In every other way Shemini Atzeret is a separate holiday with separate practices.

Outside Israel, this is complicated by the Jewish law of adding an extra day to every Biblical Jewish holiday except Yom Kippur. The holiday of Sukkot, which lasts seven days in Israel lasts eight days outside Israel. But the eighth day is also the first day of the separate holiday of Shemini Atzeret. Sometimes the rules for the two holidays conflict. Figuring out the conflicts can be complicated. But the general rule is that 
In practice, what happens "only outside of Israel" is that
None of this happens on the second day of Shemini Atzeret (Simchat Torah), because it is no longer an extra day of Sukkot.

Strömsund Municipality

Strömsund Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Strömsund.


Bräcke Municipality

Bräcke Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Bräcke.


Krokom Municipality

Krokom Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Krokom.


Ragunda Municipality

Ragunda Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Hammarstrand.


Arvidsjaur Municipality

Arvidsjaur Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Arvidsjaur.


Arjeplog Municipality

Arjeplog Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Arjeplog.


Jokkmokk Municipality

Jokkmokk Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Jokkmokk.


Pajala Municipality

Pajala Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Pajala.


Gällivare Municipality

Gällivare Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Gällivare.


Älvsbyn Municipality

Älvsbyn Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Älvsbyn.


Överkalix Municipality

Överkalix Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Överkalix.


Övertorneå Municipality

Övertorneå Municipality () is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Övertorneå.


Bjurholm Municipality

Bjurholm Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Bjurholm.


Åsele Municipality

Åsele Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Åsele.


Dorotea Municipality

Dorotea Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Dorotea.


Vilhelmina Municipality

Vilhelmina Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Vilhelmina and it has 3 657 inhabitants (31 December 2010).


Sorsele Municipality

Sorsele Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Sorsele.


Robertsfors Municipality

Robertsfors Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Robertsfors.


Nordmaling Municipality

Nordmaling Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Nordmaling.


Vännäs Municipality

Vännäs Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Vännäs.


Norsjö Municipality

Norsjö Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Norsjö.


Malå Municipality

Malå Municipality () is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden. The seat is in Malå.


Katarina Church

Katarina Church () is a church building in Stockholm, Sweden. It belongs to the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1695. The church caught fire on 1 May 1723 and 17 May 1990.

Sofia Church

Sofia Church () is a church building in Stockholm, Sweden. It belongs to the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1906, and named after Sofia of Nassau.

Maria Magdalena Church

Maria Magdalena Church () is a church building in Stockholm, Sweden. It belongs to the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1634.

William Scranton

William Warren Scranton (July 19, 1917 – July 28, 2013) was an American Republican Party politician. 

Scranton served as the 38th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1963 to 1967. From 1976 to 1977, he served as United States Ambassador to the United Nations.

Scranton was born on July 19, 1917 in Madison, Connecticut. He studied at Yale University. Scranton was married to Mary Lowe Chamberlain. They had four children. Scranton died on July 28, 2013 in Santa Barbara, California from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 96.


Klara Church

Klara Church () is a Swedish Evangelical Mission church building in Stockholm, Sweden. It was built in the 16th century.

Bradley Whitford

Bradley Whitford (born October 10, 1959 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American actor. He has played White House Deputy Chief of Staff Josh Lyman on the NBC television drama "The West Wing", Danny Tripp on "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", Dan Stark in the Fox police buddy-comedy "The Good Guys", Timothy Carter in the CBS series "The Mentalist", and Eric Gordon in the movie "Billy Madison". 


The Cabin in the Woods

The Cabin in the Woods is a 2012 American horror movie directed by Drew Goddard and produced by Joss Whedon. It stars Kristen Connolly, Chris Hemsworth, Anna Hutchison, Fran Kranz, Jesse Williams, Bradley Whitford, Richard Jenkins, and Sigourney Weaver. It was released on April 13, 2012 to positive reviews.


ParaNorman

ParaNorman is a 2012 American animated comedy horror movie set in Massachusetts. It stars Kodi Smit-McPhee, Jodelle Ferland, Tucker Albrizzi, Anna Kendrick, Casey Affleck, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Leslie Mann, Jeff Garlin, Bernard Hill, Elaine Stritch, Tempestt Bledsoe, John Goodman, and Alex Borstein. It was released on August 17, 2012. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Film.


Richard III, Duke of Normandy

Richard III (997/1001 – 6 August 1027) was the Duke of Normandy. His short reign of one year opened with a rebellion by his younger brother Robert I and ended with his death.

Richard III was the oldest son of Richard II, Duke of Normandy and his wife Judith of Brittany. He was born . Around the year 1120, Richard's father sent him in command of a large army to rescue his brother-in-law, Reginald I, Count of Burgundy. It was a distance of about 250 miles (400 kilometers) from Normandy. Richard III's capture of the castle of Minamde was enough to convince Bishop Hugh to surrender and release Reginald.

When his father died in August of 1026, as the oldest son, Richard III succeeded him as Duke of Normandy. By all accounts Richard III was accepted by the barons of Normandy and had no problems accepting his new role as duke. Richard III had given his younger son, Robert, the town of Exmes and the county of Hiemois. But once Richard III became duke, his younger brother Robert was not satisfied. He raided the diocese of his uncle Robert II, Archbishop of Rouen. He also captured his brother's city of Falaise. Robert's rebellion lasted through the end of 1026 and into early 1027. Finally Richard III laid to Falaise and brought the walls down. Robert surrendered and promised to be faithful.

Richard III then took the next step; he arranged with king Robert II of France to marry his young daughter, Adelis. She was given rich dowry which included the city and county of Coutances. Even though he was now newly married to a king's daughter, he already had children by a concubine. But unexpectedly Richard III died on 5 or 6 August 1027. He had a son named Nicholas, but the boy was immediately sent to the at Fécamp. With Nicholas out of the way the duchy passed to his Richard III's younger brother Robert, who became the sixth duke of Normandy as Robert I.

In January of 1027 he was married to Adela a younger daughter of Robert II of France and Constance of Arles. After Richard's death Adela secondly married Baldwin V, Count of Flanders.

By his wife Adela he had no children.

By an unknown concubine he had at least two children:

Tabernacle

The Tabernacle was a tent used in the Book of Exodus as a temple or dwelling place of God. The word is still used in Catholicism for the box in which the Host or Eucharistic bread is kept, and for Non-conformist and Mormon churches.



Non-conformism

Non-conformism is a movement within English Protestantism which originated with the Puritans, later called Dissenters. These Christians refused to conform or submit to the rules of the Anglican church for doctrinal reasons, and so formed their own denominations, some Baptist, some Presbyterian.


Mora Church

Mora Church () is a church building in Mora in Sweden. It belongs to Mora Parish of the Church of Sweden. The church has become famous for being near the Vasaloppet finish line.

Leksand Municipality

Leksand Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Leksand.


Rättvik Municipality

Rättvik Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Rättvik.


Munkfors Municipality

Munkfors Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Munkfors.


Hedemora Municipality

Hedemora Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Hedemora.


Smedjebacken Municipality

Smedjebacken Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Smedjebacken.


Malung-Sälen Municipality

Malung-Sälen Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Malung.

The municipality was created in 1971. It was originally called Malung Municipality (). In 2007, the Government of Sweden decided to change the name as of 1 January 2008 to promote the ski resort of Sälen.


Fagersta Municipality

Fagersta Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Fagersta.


Filipstad Municipality

Filipstad Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Filipstad.


Åmål Municipality

Åmål Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Åmål.


Mellerud Municipality

Mellerud Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Mellerud.


Putney

Putney is a rich area of the London Borough of Wandsworth in south-west London. Its postcode is SW15. It is bordered to the north by the River Thames. It is easily accessible from Putney Bridge and the A3 main road; it has good connections to central London. The school Putney High is found on Putney Hill. 

Kil Municipality

Kil Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Kil.


Grums Municipality

Grums Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Grums.


Forshaga Municipality

Forshaga Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Forshaga.


Hagfors Municipality

Hagfors Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Hagfors.


Torsby Municipality

Torsby Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Torsby.


Storfors Municipality

Storfors Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Storfors.


Eda Municipality

Eda Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Charlottenberg.


Säffle Municipality

Säffle Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Säffle.


Årjäng Municipality

Årjäng Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Årjäng.


Hammarö Municipality

Hammarö Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Skoghall.


Avesta Municipality

Avesta Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Avesta.


Ludvika Municipality

Ludvika Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Ludvika.


Gagnef Municipality

Gagnef Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Gagnef.


Orsa Municipality

Orsa Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Orsa.


English Electric Canberra

The English Electric Canberra is a famous twin-turbojet British-Australian military aircraft. Originally designed and built as a bomber, it was later modified for reconnaissance and electronic warfare. It was used in the United Kingdom by the Royal Air Force, Fleet Air Arm, and the Royal Aircraft Establishment. Other operators are Argentina, Australia, Chile, Ecuador, Ethiopia, France, India, New Zealand, Peru, Rhodesia, South Africa, Sweden, Venezuela, West Germany, and Zimbabwe.

USA bought two aircrafts for aerial tests. English Electric Canberra was the basis of the Martin B-57 light bomber. 

Vansbro Municipality

Vansbro Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Vansbro.


Säter Municipality

Säter Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Säter.


Älvdalen Municipality

Älvdalen Municipality () is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. The seat is in Älvdalen.


Kungsör Municipality

Kungsör Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Kungsör.


Köping Municipality

Köping Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Köping.


Sala Municipality

Sala Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Sala.


Skinnskatteberg Municipality

Skinnskatteberg Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Skinnskatteberg.


Norberg Municipality

Norberg Municipality () is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Norberg.


Sundbyberg Municipality

Sundbyberg Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Sundbyberg.


Martin B-57 Canberra

The Martin B-57 Canberra is a U.S. licence built variant of the English Electric Canberra. Two variants were built for aerial reconnaissance and electronic warfare. The US Air Force used it in the Vietnam War. Pakistan was its single foreign operator.

Strängnäs Municipality

Strängnäs Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Strängnäs.


Norrtälje Municipality

Norrtälje Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in lower Sweden. The seat is in Norrtälje.


Botkyrka Municipality

Botkyrka Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Tumba.


Haninge Municipality

Haninge Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Handen.


Huddinge Municipality

Huddinge Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Huddinge.


Salem Municipality

Salem Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Salem.


Mjölby Municipality

Mjölby Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Mjölby.


BAC TSR-2

The British Aircraft Corporation TSR-2 is a British military aircraft. It was a bomber project for the Royal Air Force. It was designed and built to carry a nuclear bomb. It was powered by the same kind of turbojets as the Concorde. Only one prototype was flown.

Fieseler Fi 156 Storch

The Fieseler Fi 156 Storch is a light single-engine twin-seat aircraft. It was built in Nazi Germany for Luftwaffe. It was used as light liaisons and communication duties in World War II. Some were used for reconnaissance. After the war it was built under licence in France as Morane Saulnier MS-500 Criquet.

Dewoitine D.520

The Dewoitine D.520 is a French fighter aircraft. Its first flight was in 1938. It was, with the Morane Saulnier MS.406, the main fighter aircraft used by the French Air Force at the beginning of World War II. It was used in the Battle of France against Nazi Germany Luftwaffe fighters like Messerschmitt Bf 109. After the 1940s French defeat, some of there were delivered to Bulgaria and Luftwaffe.

Heby Municipality

Heby Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Heby.

Before 1 January 2007, the municipality was part of Västmanland County.


Tierp Municipality

Tierp Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Tierp.


Östhammar Municipality

Östhammar Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden. The seat is in Östhammar.


Laxå Municipality

Laxå Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Laxå.


Hällefors Municipality

Hällefors Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Hällefors.


Ljusnarsberg Municipality

Ljusnarsberg Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Kopparberg.


Karkkila

Karkkila is a city in Finland. About 9,111 people lived there as of 31 May 2013. Nearby municipalities include Lohja, Loppi, Tammela and Vihti.

Ahmoo, Alimmainen, Haavisto (Karkkila), Järvenpää (Karkkila), Karkkila, Nyhkälälä, Siikala, Tuorila, Vaskijärvi (village), Vattola and Vuotinainen.


Lekeberg Municipality

Lekeberg Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Fjugesta.


Kumla Municipality

Kumla Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Kumla.


Hallsberg Municipality

Hallsberg Municipality () is a municipality in Örebro County in central Sweden. The seat is in Hallsberg.


Finspång Municipality

Finspång Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Finspång.


Gullspång Municipality

Gullspång Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Gullspång and Hova.


Flen Municipality

Flen Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Flen.


Nokia, Finland

"For the company, see Nokia."

Nokia is a town in Pirkanmaa, Finland. About 32,700 people lived there as of January 2014. Nearby municipalities include Hämeenkyrö, Pirkkala, Sastamala, Tampere, Vesilahti and Ylöjärvi.

Nokia is an industrial city and where products of many Finnish brands are made. The most notable is Nokia, which makes information technology products. In 2013, Nokia reported that it would sell its mobile phone division to Microsoft.


Todd Orlando

Todd Orlando (born July 26, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman. He is currently playing with the Elmira Jackals of the East Coast Hockey League. Orlando was born in Clinton Township, Michigan. His playing height is 6 ft 8 inches, his weight is 237 lbs, and he shoots left.

Todd Orlando grew up playing in and around the Detroit area. Orlando started his Junior "A" career in Detroit in the Central States Hockey League with the Michigan Metro Jets. Todd then moved on the play two seasons in Sarnia for the Sarnia (Ontario) Blast of the Western Ontario Hockey League. Todd's time with the Sarnia Blast set the tone for Todd's physical style of play.

Orlando played one season of collegiate hockey 2007-2008 for Oakland University (Rochester, Michigan). Todd was a standout defenseman for the Golden Grizzlies.

In July 2010, Todd Orlando was invited to participate in the NHL New York Rangers prospects camp at Madison Square Gardens in New York City. That year Todd also had a tryout with the Allen Americans of the Central Hockey League and later signed a contract with the Cincinnati Cylones of the East Coast League. The 2011-2012 season saw Orlando playing in Finland, first for Kokkola, and then for Hermes. 

Todd signed a contract in August 2012 to play for the Alaska Aces of the East Coast Hockey League. Later in 2012-2013, Orlando played a combined 27 pro games, first for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League, and finishing the 2012-2013 season playing for the Wheeling Nailers of the East Coast Hockey League.

In August 2013, Todd Orlando accepted an invitation to attend the main NHL training camp of the Philadelphia Flyers 2013-14 team with the training camp beginning on September 11, 2013. An injury suffered at the Flyers training camp forced Todd to leave camp early. Orlando did not play during the 2013-14 season. 

On October 15, 2014, Todd Orlando signed a pro contract to play for the Elmira Jackals of the East Coast Hockey League for the 2014-2015 season. 


Rave

A rave is a large party or festival with disc jockeys playing electronic music. Music played at raves include house, trance, techno, drum and bass, dubstep and other forms of electronic dance music (EDM). There is a lot of dancing. Raves also have laser light shows, projected images and other visual effects used to create a fantasy-like scene. Raves mostly developed from acid house music parties in the mid-to-late 1980s in England and Ibiza. From there, it quickly spread to mainland Europe and the United States.

Raves are usually organised and promoted by event companies. Some of the early companies promoting raves in England during the 1990s were Fantazia and Helter Skelter. Another was ESP Promotions, which held a series of raves named "Dreamscape". In London, there were a few large clubs that held raves on a regular basis.



I'm So Excited!

I'm So Excited is a Spanish comedy movie of 2013. The movie is about two bisexual pilots, Benito and Alex, and several homosexual stewards. During an airplane ride which could determine the remainder of their lives, an unchecked portion of the plane leaves them without part of the landing gear. This movie was released in summer 2013 in the United States.

The director of this movie is Pedro Almodóvar. This movie received mixed to positive review by critics. Its title comes from a Pointer Sisters hit song.

Sälen

Sälen [sæːlen] is a ski resort in Sweden. It is in Malung-Sälen Municipality in Dalarna County. It had 652 people living there in 2010.

The starting line for Vasaloppet is held in Sälen.

Boxholm Municipality

Boxholm Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Boxholm.



The Other Woman (2014 movie)

The Other Woman is a 2014 American comedy movie. Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann and Kate Upton star in the movie. It is the first film Nicki Minaj has acted in. It was released in North America on April 25, 2014 by 20th Century Fox. It is about a woman (played by Diaz) who finds out that her boyfriend is married to another woman (played by Mann). Both women later find out that he is also having an affair with a younger woman (played by Upton).

Vaxholm Municipality

Vaxholm Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Vaxholm.


Nynäshamn Municipality

Nynäshamn Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Nynäshamn.


Edge of Tomorrow

Edge of Tomorrow is an action and science fiction movie. The subject is humanity at war. Tom Cruise and Bill Paxton star in the movie. "Edge of Tomorrow" is distributed by Warner Brothers. The movie was released on June 6, 2014 in Canada and the United States.

Danderyd Municipality

Danderyd Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Danderyd.


Gurdas Maan

Gurdas Maan () is a Punjabi singer-songwriter and actor. His song "dil da maamla hai" was a national success in 1980. He acted in many movies like "Shaheed-e-Mohabbat Boota Singh".

Nacka Municipality

Nacka Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Nacka.


Sollentuna Municipality

Sollentuna Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Tureberg.


Vallentuna Municipality

Vallentuna Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Vallentuna.


Tyresö Municipality

Tyresö Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Tyresö.


Ekerö Municipality

Ekerö Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Ekerö. 


Sölvesborg Municipality

Sölvesborg Municipality () is a municipality in Blekinge County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Sölvesborg.


Järfälla Municipality

Järfälla Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Jakobsberg.


Österåker Municipality

Österåker Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Åkersberga.


Täby Municipality

Täby Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Täby.


Värmdö Municipality

Värmdö Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Gustavsberg.


Upplands Väsby Municipality

Upplands Väsby Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Upplands Väsby.


Upplands-Bro Municipality

Upplands-Bro Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Kungsängen.


Vingåker Municipality

Vingåker Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Vingåker.


Sekai no Owari

The origin of this band's name is that when Fukase broke down and felt like end of the world, he realized he only had music and friends. So, he thought he would start from end and named his band "SEKAI NO OWARI"

They are friends from preschool to high school,but Saori is a year younger. The current DJ LOVE is the second. The first DJ LOVE left the band because he wanted to play different music. They started the band in 2006 in the "club EARTH" which they made themselves. In 2010,"The life of illusion"is first hit. Nowadays, they play the music all over the world.


Trosa Municipality

Trosa Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Trosa.


Gnesta Municipality

Gnesta Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Gnesta.


Tokyo Broadcasting System

Tokyo Broadcasting System is a television company in Tokyo, Japan. It is a parent company of a television network named Tokyo Broadcasting System Television, Inc. and radio network named TBS Radio & Communications, Inc.

Celestial coordinate system

A celestial coordinate system is a coordinate system that helps astronomers specify the location of objects in the sky. These objects may be stars, planets or even satellites. There are several such coordinate systems listed below. All of them are spherical.

The fundamental plane divides the celestial sphere into two equal hemispheres and defines the baseline for the latitudinal coordinates, similar to the equator in the geographic coordinate system. The poles are located at ±90° from the fundamental plane. The primary direction is the starting point of the longitudinal coordinates.

These are common coordinate systems used by the astronomical community:

The horizontal system is based on the position of the observer on Earth. It is a useful coordinate system for finding and tracking objects for observers on Earth. It is based on the position of stars relative to an observer's true or ideal horizon.

The equatorial coordinates are based on the position of stars relative to the Earth's equator. Imagine the Earth's equator extended out to an infinite distance. The equatorial describes the sky as seen from the solar system. "Modern star maps almost exclusively use equatorial coordinates".

The fundamental plane is the plane of the Earth's orbit, also called the ecliptic plane. There are two versions: the geocentric ecliptic coordinates centred on the Earth, and heliocentric ecliptic coordinates centred on the centre of mass of the solar system.

The geocentric ecliptic system was the principal coordinate system for ancient astronomy and is still useful for computing the apparent motions of the Sun, Moon, and planets.

The heliocentric ecliptic system describes the planets' orbital movement around the Sun, and centres on the barycenter of the solar system. This is very close to the centre of the Sun). The system is mainly used for computing the positions of planets and other solar system bodies, and their orbits.

The galactic coordinate system uses the approximate plane of our galaxy as its fundamental plane. The solar system is still the centre of the coordinate system, and the zero point is defined as the direction towards the galactic centre. 'Galactic latitude' means, roughly, the elevation above the galactic plane. 'Galactic longitude' is the direction relative to the centre of the galaxy.

The supergalactic coordinate system is a fundamental plane with a higher than average number of local galaxies in the sky as seen from Earth.

There is standard software which does the calculations:

Essunga Municipality

Essunga Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Nossebro.


Vara Municipality

Vara Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Vara.


Vadstena Municipality

Vadstena Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Vadstena.


Ödeshög Municipality

Ödeshög Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Ödeshög.


Åtvidaberg Municipality

Åtvidaberg Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Åtvidaberg.


Kinda Municipality

Kinda Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kisa.


Ydre Municipality

Ydre Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Österbymo.


Varberg Municipality

Varberg Municipality () is a municipality in Halland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Varberg.


Falkenberg Municipality

Falkenberg Municipality () is a municipality in Halland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Falkenberg.


Hylte Municipality

Hylte Municipality () is a municipality in Halland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Hyltebruk.


Kungsbacka Municipality

Kungsbacka Municipality () is a municipality in Halland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kungsbacka.


Laholm Municipality

Laholm Municipality () is a municipality in Halland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Laholm.


Kungälv Municipality

Kungälv Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kungälv.


Mölndal Municipality

Mölndal Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Mölndal.


Orust Municipality

Orust Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Henån.


Tjörn Municipality

Tjörn Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Skärhamn.


Tjörn

Tjörn is an island on the west coast of Sweden. Tjörn is part of Tjörn Municipality. The island is the 6th largest in Sweden.

Värmdö

Värmdö is an island close to Stockholm, on the east coast of Sweden. Most of Värmdö is part of Värmdö Municipality, while the western parts are in Nacka Municipality.

Valdemarsvik Municipality

Valdemarsvik Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Valdemarsvik.


Nybro Municipality

Nybro Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Nybro.


Torsås Municipality

Torsås Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Torsås.


Mönsterås Municipality

Mönsterås Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Mönsterås.


Högsby Municipality

Högsby Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Högsby.


Hultsfred Municipality

Hultsfred Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Hultsfred.


Älmhult Municipality

Älmhult Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Älmhult.


Alvesta Municipality

Alvesta Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden and the seat is in Alvesta.


Tingsryd Municipality

Tingsryd Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tingsryd.


Ljungby Municipality

Ljungby Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Ljungby.


Lessebo Municipality

Lessebo Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Lessebo.


Markaryd Municipality

Markaryd Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Markaryd.


Strömstad Municipality

Strömstad Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Strömstad.


Tanum Municipality

Tanum Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tanumshede.


Pays de Caux

The Pays de Caux () is an area in Normandy, France. It makes up the greater part of the French "département" of Seine Maritime in Normandy. It is a chalk plateau to the north of the Seine Estuary and extends to the cliffs on the English Channel coast. Its coastline is called the Côte d'Albâtre. In the east, it borders on the Pays de Bray where the layers of soil below the chalk show through.

The area depends on manufacturing more than as agriculture. Even so, the soil quality of the Pays de Caux is the finest in France. It is also known for its fine fabrics.

Cauchois is a dialect of the Norman language. The Pays de Caux is one of the last places outside the Cotentin Peninsula where the Norman language is spoken. Its main cities are Le Havre, Dieppe, Fécamp, Yvetot and Étretat.

In the Norman language "caux" means lime, calcium carbonate.

The scenery of the Pays de Caux is only a short distance from Paris. Artists including Claude Monet and Gustave Courbet came there to paint.

Pays de Bray

The Pays de Bray is a small natural region of France. It is northeast of Rouen and is in the French départements of the Seine-Maritime and Oise. It was in the historic of Normandy and Picardy since 911. The landscape is mainly bocage, a land use which has to do with its clay soil. This makes it suitable for pasture for the raising of dairy cattle. It produces famous butters and cheeses such as Neuchâtel.

Israel National Trail

Israel National Trail (, "Shvil Yisra'el") is a hiking trail for hikers and backpackers that crosses the whole of Israel. In 2016 will be opened another path for bicycles that crosses Israel.


Cakka Nuraga

Cakka Nuraga (born August 18, 1998 in Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia) is a pop and rock Indonesian singer and actor. Cakka career as a singer began when Cakka pageant television talent search "Idola Cilik 2" and he was eliminated in the 7 finalists. Cakka is currently making a rock band named "The Finest Tree's"




Bocage

Bocage [boh-kahzh] is a Norman word which has found its way into both the French and English languages. It may refer to a small forest or a that includes leaves. But most often it refers to pastures bordered by thick forest or hedges. The trees and hedges around the pastures or fields are planted in earth . Between the planted mounds are sunken lanes. The word bocage forms part of the name for several towns in parts of Lower Normandy. The term Bocage Normandy refers to the area around Saint-Lô and Vire.

During World War II following the Allied Invasion of Normandy, the allies found themselves in 'hedgerow country' (bocage). It was ideal for German troops to hide in and not be seen until it was too late. The hedgerows were thick enough to hide tanks and artillery pieces. The final Allied of the bocage into open country took over eight weeks of fighting.

International Academy of Architecture

The International Academy of Architecture is a non-profit organization. It has as a special status in the United Nations Economic and Social Council. The Academy is located in Sofia, Bulgaria.


World Architecture Festival

The World Architecture Festival is an international festival dedicated to architecture. The festival started in 2008 in Barcelona. It has since then has been held in Singapore. 


World Urbanism Day

The World Urbanism Day is an internatonal event for urbanism and urban planning held every year on 8 November in 30 countries. The event was established in 1949 by the University of Buenos Aires.

Kittur Chennamma

Kitturu Rani Chennamma (; born 23rd October 1778 in Kittur, Karnataka – died 21 February 1829) was the Queen of the princely state of Kittur, in what is now India. She was best known for leading an armed rebellion against the British East India Company in 1824. This was 33 years before the 1857 war of independence. The British were going to take control of Kittur under the doctrine of lapse, because there was no male heir. Yaseen the resistance ended with her martyrdom and she is remembered today as one of the earliest Indian rulers to have fought for independence. Along with Abbakka Rani, Keladi Chennamma and Onake Obavva she is much venerated in Karnataka as an icon of bravery and women’s pride.

Surface-mount technology

Surface-mount technology (SMT) uses electronic devices that are made to be placed directly onto the surface of printed circuit boards (PCBs).

Examples of surface-mount devices are resistors, capacitors, LEDs and integrated circuits. Surface mounted devices are generally smaller than those used in the older through-hole technology, which need longer leads and holes in the circuit board.

Herzliya Interdisciplinary Center

Reichman University is a private university in Herzliya, Israel. 

Until the year 2020, it was known as "Herzliya Interdisciplinary Center". 


University of Buenos Aires

University of Buenos Aires (, UBA) is an Argentine public national university based in the city of Buenos Aires. It was founded on August 12, 1821 by the governor of the province of Buenos Aires, Martín Rodríguez, and his government minister, Bernardino Rivadavia. The UBA is the largest university in Argentina and is considered to be one of the most prestigious study centers in America and the world. According to the bases of its university statute, "it is a public law entity whose aims are: the promotion, dissemination and preservation of culture [...] being in direct and permanent contact with universal thought and paying particular attention to the Argentine problems"


Through-hole technology

Through-hole technology is a way to mount electronic components to printed circuit boards (PCB).

It involves the use of leads on the components that are inserted into holes drilled in the PCBs and soldered to pads on the opposite side either by manual assembly (handiwork) or by the use of automated insertion mount machines.

Many parts made for through hole mounting are larger than those for surface-mount technology.

Munkedal Municipality

Munkedal Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Munkedal.


Lysekil Municipality

Lysekil Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Lysekil.


Bengtsfors Municipality

Bengtsfors Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Bengtsfors.


Örkelljunga Municipality

Örkelljunga Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Örkelljunga.


Dals-Ed Municipality

Dals-Ed Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Ed.


Färgelanda Municipality

Färgelanda Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Färgelanda.


Sotenäs Municipality

Sotenäs Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kungshamn.


Lilla Edet Municipality

Lilla Edet Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Lilla Edet.


Uddevalla Municipality

Uddevalla Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Uddevalla.



Partille Municipality

Partille Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Partille.


Ale Municipality

Ale Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Nödinge-Nol.


Lerum Municipality

Lerum Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Lerum.


Alingsås Municipality

Alingsås Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Alingsås.


Filter (electronics)

Electronic filters are electrical circuits which perform signal processing functions, specifically to remove unwanted frequency components from the signal, to enhance wanted ones, or both. Electronic filters can be:


The most common types of electronic filters are linear filters, regardless of other aspects of their design. Digital filters use a Fourier transform.

Bjuv Municipality

Bjuv Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Bjuv.


Ängelholm Municipality

Ängelholm Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Ängelholm.


Eslöv Municipality

Eslöv Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Eslöv.


Staffanstorp Municipality

Staffanstorp Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Staffanstorp.


Trelleborg Municipality

Trelleborg Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Trelleborg.


Bromölla Municipality

Bromölla Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Bromölla.


Lund Municipality

Lund Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Lund.


Lomma Municipality

Lomma Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Lomma.


Osby Municipality

Osby Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Osby.


Tomelilla Municipality

Tomelilla Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tomelilla.


Svedala Municipality

Svedala Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Svedala.


Klippan Municipality

Klippan Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Klippan.


Åstorp Municipality

Åstorp Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Åstorp.


Kävlinge Municipality

Kävlinge Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kävlinge.


Östra Göinge Municipality

Östra Göinge Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Broby.


Vellinge Municipality

Vellinge Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Vellinge.


Båstad Municipality

Båstad Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Båstad.


Burlöv Municipality

Burlöv Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Arlöv.


Simrishamn Municipality

Simrishamn Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Simrishamn.


Skurup Municipality

Skurup Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Skurup.


Perstorp Municipality

Perstorp Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Perstorp.


Highway 1 (Israel–Palestine)

Highway 1 (, "Kvish Ahat") is a road from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. It passes through Israel and the West Bank. It ends at the border with Jordan.

Hässleholm Municipality

Hässleholm Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Hässleholm.


Svalöv Municipality

Svalöv Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Svalöv.


Höganäs Municipality

Höganäs Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Höganäs.


Hörby Municipality

Hörby Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Hörby.


Höör Municipality

Höör Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Höör.


Sjöbo Municipality

Sjöbo Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Sjöbo. In 1988, there was a controversial referendum in the municipality, where the majority said no to admitting foreign refugees.


Highway 2 (Israel)

Highway 2 (, "Kvish 2") also called the Coast Road, is a highway in Israel along the north coast of the Mediterranean Sea. It connects Tel Aviv and Haifa.

Tranemo Municipality

Tranemo Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tranemo.


Tibro Municipality

Tibro Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tibro.


Herrljunga Municipality

Herrljunga Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Herrljunga.


Mark Municipality

Mark Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Kinna.


Svenljunga Municipality

Svenljunga Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Svenljunga.


Grästorp Municipality

Grästorp Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Grästorp.


Vårgårda Municipality

Vårgårda Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Vårgårda.


Götene Municipality

Götene Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Götene.


Töreboda Municipality

Töreboda Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Töreboda.


Highway 20 (Israel)

Ayalon Highway (, pronounced: ""Netivei Ayalon"", lit. "Ayalon Routes") is a highway system in the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area. The main road goes through Tel Aviv and is called Highway 20. The road starts in HaMa'apilim Interchange near the cities Kfar Shmaryahu, Herzliya, Ramat HaSharon. It ends at Holot Interchange in Gan Sorek. It goes through the cities of Bat Yam, Holon and Rishon LeZion. It meets Highway 4. A railway line runs along the road with a major train station inside the gates road. In central Tel Aviv, the road passes a canal of the Ayalon River.


Härryda Municipality

Härryda Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Mölnlycke.


Highway 50 (Israel–Palestine)

Begin Road (, Begin Boulevard, Sderot Begin), also called Menachem Begin Expressway or Begin Highway, is an urban highway crossing western Jerusalem from north to south. It is named after Israel's sixth Prime Minister, Menachem Begin. The road starts at Atarot Junction and ends in HaMinharot Interchange. It connects to Road 60.

International Union of Architects

International Union of Architects (, or UIA) is an international organization of architects. The organization is based in Paris, France.


Benedicta Boccoli

Benedicta Boccoli (born in Milan, 11 November 1966) is an Italian actress. She performs mostly on stage.

She starred also in movies including "Gli angeli di Borsellino" (2003), "Valzer" (2007) and "Pietralata" (2008).

Her sister is actress Brigitta Boccoli.





Tage Erlander

Tage Erlander (born 13 June 1901 in Ransäter, died 21 June 1985 in Huddinge) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Swedish Social Democratic Party. He was the Prime Minister of Sweden from October 1946 to October 1969.

Per Albin Hansson

Per Albin Hansson (born 28 October 1885 in Kulladal, died 6 October 1946 in Stockholm) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Swedish Social Democratic Party and promoted policy of welfare state. He was the Prime Minister of Sweden from 24 September 1932 to 6 October 1946, except for a short period in mid-1936.

Rona Anderson

Rona Anderson (3 August 1926 – 23 July 2013) was a Scottish actress. She was known for her roles in "Whose Life Is It Anyway?", "Sleeping Car to Trieste", "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie", and "Floodtide".

Anderson was born on 3 August 1926 in Edinburgh, Scotland. She was raised in Ottawa, Canada. Anderson was married to Gordon Jackson from 1951 until his death in 1990. They had no children. Anderson died on 23 July 2013 in Edinburgh, Scotland from natural causes, aged 86.

Henryk Baranowski

Henryk Baranowski (9 February 1943 – 27 July 2013) was a Polish theatre director and actor. He starred in two episodes of "The Decalogue" series directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski.

Baranowski was born on 9 February 1943 in Tarnopol, Poland (now Ternopil, Ukraine). He studied at the University of Warsaw. His career began in 1969. He retired in 2006. Baranowski died on 27 July 2013 in Warsaw, Poland from an illness, aged 70.

Vickers Viscount

The Vickers Viscount is a British airliner. It is a four-turboprop civilian aircraft. It can carry between 65 and 75 passengers. The Vanguard is an enlarged cargo aircraft variant. It was used by Air France, BOAC, United Airlines and many other airlines in the world.

Bell P-59 Airacomet

The Bell P-59 Airacomet is an American military aircraft. It was the first fighter jet designed and built in the United States. It was used in World War II against Nazi Germany's Luftwaffe fighters, but it was far below the best enemy aircraft of the time. It was finally replaced in end of 1946 by the Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star. The last one was retired in 1949.

Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star

The Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star is an American fighter jet. It made a few flyovers of Germany in the last weeks of the World War II. After this war it was used in Korean War. From 1948 its designation was changed to F-80 Shooting Star.
The United States Air Force was the main operator, but they were also used by Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Uruguay.

This aircraft was the basis of the famous training aircraft T-33 T-Bird and of the F-94 Starfire fighter jet.

High Court Division, Supreme Court of Bangladesh

The Dhaka High Court is a court in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was created in 1947 under Pakistan (Provisional Constitutional) Order 1947.

Training aircraft

A training aircraft, sometimes called a trainer, is an aircraft used to train future pilots and crews of aircraft.

Caroline Aigle

Caroline Aigle (12 September 1974 – 21 August 2007) was a French fighter jet pilot. She was born in Montauban. She was the first in France trained to fly a Mirage 2000. She died of a withering melanoma. She was mother of two boys. President of the French Republic Nicolas Sarkozy awarded her the Medal of Aeronautics by posthumous recognition. 

A few weeks before her death, she was selected by the European Space Agency for training to be an astronaut.

Caroline Aigle graduates "École Polytechnique" and "École de l'Air".

Huun-Huur-Tu

Huun-Huur-Tu (Tuvan: "Хүн Хүртү", "Khün Khürtü") is a music group from Tuva, a Russian Federation republic on the Mongolian border. 

Huun Huur Tu performs throat singing, in which the singers sing more than one note at a time. One of the notes sometimes sounds like a flute, whistle or bird, but is actually a person's voice. 

The group mostly uses native Tuvan instruments such as the "igil", "khomus" (Tuvan jaw harp), "doshpuluur", and "dünggür" (shaman drum). However, in recent years, the group has started using western instruments, such as the guitar. Huun Huur Tu's music is mostly Tuvan folk music, but they also experiment with Western instruments and electronic music.

Guillermo Álvarez Guedes

Guillermo Álvarez Guedes (1928 – July 30, 2013) was a Cuban businessman, writer and comedian. 

Guedes was born in Unión de Reyes, Matanzas, Cuba in 1928. He was exiled to Miami, Florida. 

Guedes wrote over 20 books. He also had albums, television programs and stand-up comedy appearances. This made him one of the most well-liked entertainers, among both the Hispanic public and fellow entertainers.

On July 30, 2013, Guedes died at his home in the Kendall neighborhood of Miami from a stomach illness.

Kim Novak

Kim Novak (born February 13, 1933) is an American actress. She was known for her roles in "Vertigo" (1958), "Middle of the Night" (1959), "The Notorious Landlady" (1962), "Of Human Bondage" (1964), and in "Liebestraum" (1991).

Novak was born on February 13, 1933 in Chicago, Illinois to parents of Czech descent. She studied at David Glasgow Farragut High School and at School of the Art Institute of Chicago. 

Novak was married to Richard Johnson from 1965 until they divorced in 1966. Then she was married to Robert Malloy since 1976. They now live in Eagle Point, Oregon. Novak was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2010. She had treatment and has recovered.


Jobs (movie)

Jobs is a 2013 American biographical drama movie. The movie was based on the life of Apple Inc. founder Steve Jobs. It stars Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs. J. K. Simmons, Matthew Modine, and James Woods also star in the movie. It was released on August 16, 2013.

Central bank

A central bank (or reserve bank) manages a state's currency, money supply, and interest rates. It may have custody of the country's sovereign wealth fund.

Central banks usually oversee the commercial banks of their country. It issues the national currency, the nation's money. It controls the overall supply of money. In contrast to a commercial bank, a central bank can increase or decrease the amount of money in the nation.

The oldest central bank is the Bank of England. The largest banks are now the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Federal Reserve of the United States.

Central banks usually also have supervisory powers. These powers are meant to prevent bank runs, and to stop commercial banks and other financial institutions doing reckless or fraudulent things. The relation between central banks and governments varies from country to country.

The chief executive of a central bank is normally known as the Governor, President or Chairman.

Lateral line

The lateral line is a system of sense organs found in fish, and not in land vertebrates. It detects movement and vibration in the surrounding water. Modified epithelial cells, known as hair cells, respond to changes around the fish. These turn the changes into electrical impulses which go to their central nervous system. 

Lateral lines are used in schooling, predation, and orientation. For example, fish use their lateral line system to follow the vortices produced by fleeing prey. They are faint lines running lengthwise down each side, from the gill covers to the base of the tail. 

In some species, the receptive organs of the lateral line have been modified to function as electroreceptors, which are organs used to detect electrical impulses. Most amphibian larvae and some fully aquatic adult amphibians have systems which work a bit like the lateral line.

Spherical coordinate system

A spherical coordinate system uses three numbers to identify a point in space.: Usually, two angles, and a distance from the origin of the coordinate system. If the point lies on the sphere, only the two angles are needed, because the distance from the origin is known.

The two angular numbers are related to lines of longitude and latitude on Earth. Earth's longitude is the same as the variable phi, which can be written as either formula_1 or formula_2 The latitude resembles the variable formula_3 (theta), except that some authors define formula_4 to be at the north pole instead of at the equator.

Dan Schneider

Daniel James Schneider (born January 14, 1966 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American screenwriter, movie producer and actor. Yo momma On the Internet, he is best known under the name of "DanWarp", because it is easier to remember.

Schneider was born in Memphis, Tennessee, U.S. on January 14, 1965. He is the youngest of four brothers and sisters. He went to Harvard University after his high school education and then he took acting courses in the "Memphis State University".

After his first movie role in 1983, he moved to Los Angeles. Since the '90s, he has been producer and author of successful comedy series like "iCarly", "Victorious" and "Sam & Cat". In 2003 he founded his manufacturing company called "Schneider's Bakery". The New York Times said that Scheidner is "the master of a television genre" in 2007.

Schneider lives in Hollywood and since 2002, he has been married with Lisa Lillien, who had a cameo role on the Nickeloden Television series Zoey 101 in 2005.

Safety boot

A safety boot is a boot that has steel to protect the person's toes.

National anthem of South Africa

National anthem of South Africa is the official national anthem of South Africa. The lyrics include five out of 11 official languages of South Africa - Xhosa, Zulu, Sesotho, Afrikaans and English.


Rainer Maria Rilke

Rainer Maria Rilke (4 December 1875 – 29 December 1926), was an Austrian poet and writer. His best-known works include the collection of poetry "Duino Elegies", "Sonnets to Orpheus", and the novel "The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge".

Rilke was born in Prague, Austro-Hungarian Empire. Rilke studied literature, art history, and philosophy in Munich and Prague. He travelled widely throughout Europe and North Africa. He died of leukemia in Montreux, Switzerland.


Natsume Sōseki

, born , was a Japanese novelist. He is well known around the world for some of the novels he wrote, like "Kokoro", "Botchan" and "I Am a Cat". He was born in Tokyo, Japan. Natsume Soseki graduated from the University of Tokyo, and he was to become a school teacher. Also he was a master of Ryūnosuke Akutagawa.

In Japan, many people think he was the greatest writer in recent Japanese history.


Cable tester

Cable tester is a device used used to test cables. It finds breaks, faults or cracks in cabling. Such devices may use electrical pulses or echoes for testing.

Impedance matching

In electronics, impedance matching is about connecting two electrical systems of which the impedances differ. Some audio devices use transformers for impedance matching. This is mainly used for tech systems in IT Departments

The concept of impedance matching is also used in optics, and roads.

Robert I, Duke of Normandy

Robert the Magnificent () (22 June 1000 - 1/3 July 1035), was the sixth Duke of Normandy from 1027 until he died returning from a pilgrimage. Robert's reign was a period in the history of Normandy. He was the father of William the Conqueror, who in 1066 became King of England.

Robert was the second son of Richard II of Normandy and Judith. He was probably born between 1005 and 1010.
Their father had decided that the older son, Richard III, would succeed him as duke. Robert would became Count of Hiémois. In August 1026 their father, Richard II, died and Richard III became the fifth duke. But once Richard III began to reign, Robert was not satisfied with his position. He raided the diocese of his uncle Robert II, Archbishop of Rouen. He also captured his brother's city of Falaise. Robert's rebellion lasted through the end of 1026 and into early 1027. Finally Richard III laid to Falaise and brought the walls down. Robert surrendered and promised his .

When Richard III died shortly after Robert's surrender, there were suspicions that Robert might have caused his brother's death. Robert was accepted, however, as the sixth duke following his brother. But the Robert I had started against his brother Richard III didn't stop when the two made peace. There were still many feuds which had started between neighboring barons. These continued in Normandy during much of Robert’s reign. It was also during this time that many of the lesser left Normandy to seek their fortunes in southern Italy and elsewhere. Soon after he became duke and possibly in revenge for supporting his brother, Robert I gathered an army and began raiding the lands of his uncle, Robert II, Archbishop of Rouen. Only a brief allowed his uncle to leave Normandy in exile. The Archbishop then placed an of on Robert and all of Normandy. The edict was only removed when Archbishop Robert was allowed to return and all his lands were restored. Robert also attacked another powerful church leader, his cousin Hugo d'Ivry, Bishop of Bayeux. Robert banished him from Normandy. Robert also seized a number of church properties belonging to the abbey of Fécamp.

In spite of all his troubles in Normandy Robert decided to get involved in the civil war in Flanders. This feud was between Baldwin V, Count of Flanders and his father Baldwin IV who the younger Baldwin had driven out of Flanders. Baldwin V, supported by king Robert II of France, his , was persuaded to make peace with his father in 1030. This happened only after Duke Robert promised the elder Baldwin his military support.

Robert gave shelter to Henry I of France against his mother, Queen Constance. The queen wanted her younger son Robert to succeed his father Robert II as king of France. For his help Henry I gave Robert the French Vexin. In the early 1030s Alan III, Duke of Brittany began to expand from the area of Rennes and appeared to have wanted the area around Mont Saint-Michel After raiding Dol and stopping Alan's attempts to raid Avranches, Robert mounted a major campaign against his cousin Alan III. However, Alan appealed to Archbishop Robert of Rouen (they were both his nephews). The Archbishop arranged a peace between Duke Robert and his vassal Alan III.

Robert's cousins, the Athelings Edward and Alfred, had been living in exile at the Norman Court. They were the sons of his aunt Emma of Normandy and Athelred, King of England. At some point Robert attempted an invasion of England on their behalf but was stopped by unfavorable winds. The king of England, Cnut the Great sent envoys to Duke Robert offering to settle half the Kingdom of England on Edward and Alfred. After postponing the invasion he chose to also postpone the decision until after he returned from Jerusalem.

Robert's attitude towards the Church changed completely since his uncle's return from exile. To make up for what he had done to the Church earlier he restored all the property that he or his vassals had taken. He also decided to make a pilgrimage to Jerusalem to make up for his sins. After making his illegitimate son William his heir, he set out on his pilgrimage. He travelled by way of Constantinople and reached Jerusalem. He fell seriously ill and died on the return journey at Nicaea on 2 July 1035. His son William, aged about eight, succeeded him.

According to the historian William of Malmesbury, decades later, Robert's son William sent a mission to Constantinople and Nicaea to return his father's body to Normandy for . Permission was granted, but, having travelled as far as Apulia (Italy) on the return journey, the learned that William himself had died. They then decided to Robert's body in Italy.

By his concubine, Herleva of Falaise, he was father of:

Asa Butterfield

Asa Bopp Farr Butterfield (born 1 April 1997) is an English actor. He starred in the movie "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas". He played young Mordred in the BBC TV series "Merlin". He played Norman in the 2010 movie "Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang". He played the title role in Martin Scorsese's 2011 movie "Hugo". He played Ender Wiggin in the movie "Ender's Game" based on the science fiction novel of the same title by Orson Scott Card.

Highway 4 (Israel)

Highway 4 (, "Kvish 2"), also called Geha Road, is a highway in Israel. It runs along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea from the northern border with Lebanon to the southern border with the Gaza Strip.

Highway 5 (Israel–Palestine)

Highway 5 (, "Kvish 5", or Trans-Samaria Highway , "Kvish Hotze Shomron") is a highway between Israel and the West Bank. It runs east to west. The road starts in Glilot Ma'arav Interchange in Tel Aviv and ends in Ariel Junction near the settlement of Ariel.

Highway 6 (Israel)

Trans-Israel Highway (also called Road 6/The Israel Turnpike, , "Kvish Shesh" (, "Kvish Chotzeh Yisra'el") is a main highway crossing Israel from north to south. A control center and the headquarters of the road authority is located at Kessem Interchange near Rosh HaAyin.


List of French departments by population

This table lists the 101 departments of France in descending order of population, area and population density.

Between 1999 and 2006 all French departments have grown in population with the exception of the following seven departments: Allier and Cantal in Auvergne, Creuse in Limousin, Ardennes and Haute-Marne in Champagne-Ardenne, Nièvre in Burgundy, and Vosges in Lorraine.

In contrast the seven departments that have gained the most population in absolute value are Haute-Garonne, Gironde, Bouches-du-Rhône, Seine-Saint-Denis, Loire-Atlantique, Hauts-de Seine, and Hérault.

Guadeloupe has seemingly lost population between 1999 and 2008. However, this diminution of the legal population is due to the creation of the overseas communities of Saint Barthélemy and Saint-Martin.

Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters

Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters is a 2013 fantasy adventure movie directed by Thor Freudenthal from a screenplay Marc Guggenheim, based on the 2006 novel "The Sea of Monsters" by Rick Riordan. The sequel to "" (2010), it is the second and final installment in the "Percy Jackson" film series. 

After Thaila's pine tree is poisoned, Percy Jackson along with Annabeth Chase, Grover Underwood and his Cyclops half-brother Tyson go off to find the golden fleece to heal it. But Luke Castellan also wants the fleece to resurrect Kronos.





Avro Shackleton

The Avro Shackleton is a four-engine British military aircraft. Its first flight was in March 1949. The Royal Air Force started using it in 1951. It was out of service from 1991. It was also used by the South African Air Force. It was originally designed and built as an ocean and sea reconnaissance aircraft. It was also used as an electronic warfare plane. There were 185 of these built.

Ponthieu

Ponthieu is a former province in northern France. Its chief town is Abbeville. It lies centered on the mouth of the Somme River. It includes the townships of Crecy-en-Ponthieu, Nouvion-en-Ponthieu and Ailly-le-Haut-Bell.

Ponthieu played a small role in the events that led up to the Norman conquest of England in 1066. Harold Godwinson of England was blown ashore at Ponthieu in 1064. He was taken captive by the men of Guy I and held for ransom at the castle of Beaurain. Thinking Harold might be useful to him William II, Duke of Normandy, secured his release. William escorted him to Rouen and gave him many gifts. 
william then had Harold take 'many oaths' to support his claim to the English throne and to become William's vassal. But a year after Harold's return to England when king Edward the Confessor died, Harold quickly forgot his oaths and took the crown for himself. That same year Harold was killed at Battle of Hastings and William became King of England.

In 1067 the chaplain of Matilda of Flanders, Guy, Bishop of Amiens, composed Carmen de Hastingae Proelio, a Latin poem on the battle of Hastings.

In 1150 the Count of Ponthieu built a fortress for himself at Crotoy, a strategic point on the mouth of the river Somme.

During the Hundred Years' War, Ponthieu a number of times. The English claimed control of it from 1279–1369 and again until 1435. During English control of Ponthieu, Abbeville was used as the capital.

In late August 1346 Edward III of England reached the region of Ponthieu. While he was there rebuilt the fortress at Crotoy. He forced a passage of the Somme at the ford of Blanchetaque. The army led by Philip VI of France caught up with him at nearby Crécy-en-Ponthieu, leading to the famous Battle of Crécy.

In 1360, the Treaty of Bretigny between King John II of France and Edward III of England gave control of Ponthieu (along with Gascony and Calais) over to the English, in exchange for Edward relinquishing his claim to the French throne. Edward took the land but still refused to surrender his claim.

In April, 1369 Charles V of France conquered Ponthieu. A month later he declared war on England. As a result, Edward publicly reassumed the title 'King of France' in June.

In 1372 an English army under the leadership of Robert Knolles invaded Ponthieu. They burned the city of Le Crotoy before crossing the Somme at the ford of Blanchetaque.

In the Treaty of Arras (1435), Charles VII of France convinced Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy, to break his alliance with the English. In exchange he gave him Ponthieu. This marked a turning point that led to the end of England's part in the conflict 40 years later.

In 1477 Ponthieu was reconquered by King Louis XI of France.

In World War I between 1 July and 18 November 1916 the Battle of the Somme was fought in Ponthieu. It was one of the most costly battles ever fought with over 1,000,000 men killed or wounded.

Antonov An-22

The Antonov An-22 (Ukrainian: Антонов Ан-22; NATO reporting name: Cock) is a Ukrainian cargo aircraft. It was used both by civilian and military operators. It's first flight was in 1965. The Soviet airline Aeroflot started using it in 1967. For military duties it was replaced by the An-124.

Hawker Tempest

The Hawker Tempest is a British fighter aircraft of World War II. It was also used as an attack aircraft. The Royal Air Force used it for rockets and bomb attacks for D-Day.

Arrival of a Train at La Ciotat

Arrival of a Train at La Ciotat is a French 1896 short black & white movie directed by Auguste Lumière and Louis Lumière. It is thought to be one of the first movies ever made. The short movie is simply about a train arriving to a station. It is about a minute long.

John Graves (author)

John Graves (August 6, 1920 – July 30, 2013) was an American writer. He was best known for his book "Goodbye to a River". 

Graves was born on August 6, 1920 in Fort Worth, Texas. He studied at Rice Institute and at Columbia University. Graves was divorced from an early marriage. His family moved to Glen Rose, Texas. Graves continued writing shortly before his death on July 30, 2013 in Glen Rose, Texas from natural causes, aged 92.

Dassault Étendard IV

The Dassault Étendard IV is a French fighter jet. It is a single-turbojet aircraft. Its first flight was in 1958. It was first used by the French Navy's squadrons in 1962. It was used in the French aircraft carriers "Clemenceau" and "Foch". The last one was retired in 2000. The Super-Étendard is a modernized variant.

Squadron

A squadron is a military unit on land, at sea and in the air.

Armies: 80 to 600 soldiers with tanks, motorcycles, horses or armoured cars.

Navies: A number of destroyers, submarines, minesweepers or other warships. 

Air forces. This usually includes several aircraft and pilots, crews and mechanics responsible for their action.

McDonnell Douglas F-15E Strike Eagle

The McDonnell Douglas F-15E Strike Eagle is a modernized variant of the F-15 Eagle. It was optimized as an attack aircraft for the US Air Force with a stronger airframe than earlier versions. It has longer range, more powerful radar, and a second seat for the operator of the strike aircraft equipment. Foreign operators are Israel, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, and South Korea.


Douglas A-4 Skyhawk

The Douglas A-4 Skyhawk is an American military jet aircraft. Its first flight was in 1954. It was first used by the US Navy in 1956. The Skyhawk was one of the main attack aircraft of the Vietnam War.

Many foreign countries used it, such as Argentina, Israel, Kuwait, and Singapore. The Argentina Air Force used theirs in the Falklands War for attacks against British forces.

Douglas A-3 Skywarrior

The Douglas A-3 Skywarrior is an American twin-turbojet military aircraft. Its first flight was in 1952. It was first used in 1956. It was originally designed and built as an attack aircraft. Later it was optimized for aerial refueling and electronic warfare as KA-3 and EA-3. The US Navy used it from aircraft carriers for the Vietnam War. The B-66 Destroyer is a variant built for the US Air Force. The Douglas A-3 Skywarrior has been out of service since 1991. The Skywarrior had a top speed of 621 mph, or 999 kph. 

Douglas B-66 Destroyer

The Douglas B-66 Destroyer is an American strategic bomber. It was used by the US Air Force during the Cold War and the Vietnam War. It could carry a nuclear weapon. It is a variant of the A-3 Skywarrior. It was used between 1956 and 1975. Some variants were built as reconnaissance aircraft or electronic warfare, as RB-66 and EB-66.

Dassault Super-Étendard

The Dassault Super-Étendard is a French single-turbojet military aircraft. It is a fighter and attack aircraft. The French Navy started using it in 1978. In 2013, it is the second most important combat aircraft (after the Dassault Rafale). From 1995, all Dassault Super-Étendard of the French Navy are modernized as SEM or Super-Étendard Modernisés. It can carry many kinds of weapons like Exocet's missile, laser-guided bombs and a nuclear missile ASMP.

Foreign operators of this aircraft are Argentina and Iraq. Argentina used it in the Falklands War, destroying the British destroyer HMS "Sheffield".

The Dassault Super-Étendard is a modernized variant of the Dassault Étendard IV.

Abbeville

Abbeville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Abbeville is on the Somme River, from its modern mouth in the English Channel. Most of the town is on the east bank of the Somme, as well as on an island. It is at the start of the Abbeville Canal, and is northwest of Amiens. In the medieval period, it was the lowest crossing point on the Somme. Edward III's army crossed nearby shortly before the Battle of Crécy in 1346.

Abbeville was the capital of the former province of France of Ponthieu. Today, it is one of the three s of the Somme department.

The Romans occupied it and named it "Abbatis Villa".

The name Abbeville has been adopted to name a category of paleolithic stone tools. These stone tools are also known as handaxes. Various handaxes were found near Abbeville by Jacques Boucher de Perthes during the 1830s. He was the first to describe the stones in detail. He pointed out in the first publication of its kind, that the stones were chipped deliberately by early man, so as to form a tool. These stone tools which are some of the earliest found in Europe, were chipped on both sides so as to form a sharp edge, were known as 'Abbevillian' handaxes or bifaces, but recently the term 'abevillian' is becoming obsolete as the earlier form of stone tool, not found in Europe, is known as the Oldowan chopper. Some of these are displayed at the museum Boucher-de-Perthes.

A more refined form from a later period of handaxe production was found in the Abbeville/Somme River district. The more refined handaxe became known as the Acheulean industry, named after Saint-Acheul, today a suburb of Amiens. It retained some importance into the Bronze Age.

Abbeville during the ninth century was part of the diocese of Saint-Riquier. It was also an important fortress responsible for the defense of the Somme. Abbeville had a charter granted to it in 1184. Afterwards it was governed by the Counts of Ponthieu. Together with that county, it came into the possession of the Alençon and other French families. Afterwards it came into the possession of the House of Castile. By marriage it passed in 1272 to King Edward I of England. In 1435, by the treaty of Arras, it was to the Duke of Burgundy. In 1477 it was taken control of by King Louis XI of France. Later it was held by two illegitimate branches of the royal family in the 16th and 17th centuries, being in 1696 returned to the crown. In 1514, the town was the place where the marriage of Louis XII of France to Mary Tudor took place. She was the daughter of Henry VII of England. In 1685, it suffered a serious economic when the Edict of Nantes was repealed. The Protestants who were the majority of the skilled labor, left town. The town never fully recovered from the loss of their talents.

Abbeville was fairly important in the 18th century. Van Robais Royal Manufacture (one of the first major factories in France) brought great prosperity to the town. Voltaire, among others, wrote about it.

Abbeville was the birthplace of Rear Admiral Amédée Courbet (1827–85). His victories on land and at sea made him a national hero during the Sino-French War (August 1884 to April 1885). Courbet died in June 1885 in the Pescadores Islands. His body was brought back to France and buried in Abbeville on 1 September 1885 after a state funeral. Abbeville's old Haymarket Square (Place du Marché-au-Blé) was renamed Place de l'Amiral Courbet in July 1885. This was shortly after the news of Courbet's death reached France. A statue of Courbet was erected in the middle of the square at the end of the nineteenth century. The statue was damaged in a bombing raid during World War II.

On 12 September 1939 in Abbeville a conference took place. There France and the United Kingdom decided it was too late to send troops to help Poland in its fight against Germany. By this time Poland was already on the verge of defeat. After five years—in September 1944—Abbeville was liberated by the Polish First Armoured Division under General Maczek.

In 1940, the Germans with the bulk of their armoured force in Panzer Group von Kleist achieved a breakthrough at Sedan with air support. The Panzer group raced to the coast of the English Channel at Abbeville. This isolated (20 May 1940) the British Expeditionary Force, Belgian Army, and some divisions of the French Army in northern France. The Battle of France was lost by the Allies.

Charles de Gaulle (17–18 May 1940), as a Colonel in this period, launched a in the region of Laon (see the map). He had 80 tanks to destroy the communication of the German armoured troops. His newly formed 4e Division cuirassée reached Montcornet, resulting in the Battle of Montcornet. But, without support, the 4th DCR was forced to retreat. There was another counterattack with the Battle of Abbeville. After Laon (24 May), de Gaulle was promoted to temporary general: "On 28 May (...) the 4th DCR attacked twice to destroy a pocket captured by the enemy south of the Somme near Abbeville. The operation was successful, with over 400 prisoners taken and the entire pocket mopped up except for Abbeville (...) but in the second attack the 4th DCR failed to gain control of the city in the face of superior enemy numbers." WWII was not kind to the buildings of the town as the famous 17th century Gothic Cathedral of St. Vulfran was nearly destroyed.

Abbeville manufactures ; in particular, linens and tablecloths. It also has factories and spinning mills. Finally, it also makes locks and produces sugar.

The city was very picturesque until the early days of the World War II. It was bombed mostly to rubble in one night by the Germans. The town overall is now mostly modern and rebuilt. Several of the town's attractions remain, including:

Abbeville is served by trains on the line between Boulogne-sur-Mer and Amiens. Abbeville was the southern terminus of the Réseau des Bains de Mer, the line to Dompierre-sur-Authie opened on 19 June 1892 and closed on 10 March 1947.

AM-39 Exocet

The AM-39 Exocet is an anti-ship missile. It is designed and built in France by Aérospatiale. It can be used from a fighter aircraft, a warship or a submarine. It was used by Argentina against the Royal Navy's HMS "Sheffield".

Véhicule Blindé Léger

The Véhicule Blindé Léger or VBL (light armoured vehicle) is a four-wheel drive reconnaissance light military vehicle. It has been used by the French army since 1990. More than 25 foreign countries used it, including Gabon, Qatar, and Serbia. The US Army used it as M11 for hazardous material reconnaissance. Russia bought 500 of them in November 2012.

The vehicle is designed and built in France by Panhard.

Subway Surfers

Subway Surfers is a game where the player makes their character run until they lose. The game theme has been based on a world tour since the year 2013. The game is available on the iOS, Android and Windows phone operating systems. Subway Surfers claims to be the fourth most downloaded game of all time.


Geographical Names Board of New South Wales

The Geographical Names Board of New South Wales is the officialorganization that records details of places and geographical names in New South Wales, Australia. It was set up in 1966. The Board has nine members.

Four of the members (or someone who represents them) are: :
The other members are selected by:

The "Geographical Names Act, 1966", gives the Board the right to name places, and to find out and decide on the form, spelling, meaning, pronunciation, origin and history of any geographical name. It also decides where and how the name can be used.

A place is any geographical or topographical feature or any district, division, locality, region, city, town, village, settlement or railway station or any other place within the territories and waters of the State of New South Wales. It does not include roads, any local government areas, urban areas, counties or districts under the Local Government Act, electoral districts, subdivisions, or schools. 

The Board has the power to keep and promote Aboriginal languages and acknowledge Aboriginal culture through place naming in NSW. The Board does this by using traditional Aboriginal place names or names with Aboriginal origin wherever it can. The Board can give traditional Aboriginal names to features that have been given introduced names through its dual naming policy.

The Board's policy is the same as the U.S. Board of Geographical Names, which removes possessive names from all place names in NSW. Roads called Smith's Road are changed to Smiths Road or Smith Road.




Candy Crush Saga

Candy Crush Saga is a video game that was developed by King in April 2012. As of March 2013, Candy Crush Saga is the most popular game on Facebook. It has 45.6 million average monthly users.

The aim of the game is to make matches of three or more candies vertically or horizontally. Depending on the type of level, the player must earn as much points as they can, or they must clear all the jelly, or they must allow ingredients to come to the bottom of the screen. Players can create striped candy by matching four candy in the same direction, wrapped candy if matching five candy in the shape of a T or L, or a color bomb if matching five candy in the same direction. If the player loses a level, they will lose lives. If they lose all their lives, the lives will need to recharge by time.

Some players love this game because they can spend a lot of time by playing it.

However, some people who hate this game think that it reduces the productivity of society. They are also worried that "Candy Crush Saga" makes children get addicted very easily.

Metacritic rated "Candy Crush Saga" as 76 out of 100.

This game appeared in Psy's music video "Gentleman".

In Hong Kong, a minibus driver played "Candy Crush Saga" while he was in a traffic jam.

In Taiwan, a bakery provides cakes whose theme is "Candy Crush Saga".


Rare

Rare is a video game developer. Their headquarters is in England. In 2002, Microsoft bought Rare with a price of 3.75 billion. Former employees of Rare have established their own companies, including Free Radical Design, renowned for creating the TimeSplitters series, and Playtonic Games, known for Yooka-Laylee (2017).


Emperor Takakura

Emperor Takakura (20 September 1161 – 30 January 1181) was the 80th Emperor of Japan. He was the emperor before Emperor Antoku. Towards the end of his reign, he summoned a champion. A ruling clan, the Taira clan, showed their power by announcing their one year old son as Emperor. He was then renamed Emperor Antoku. He was not the only emperor at the time for Emperor Takakura was still Emperor. However he was given all the same privileges and power. He was there in case Emperor Takakura died, then there would straight away be another emperor in his place.

Lagan

Lagan is a river in the historical province of Halland in southern Sweden.

Nissan (river)

Nissan is a river in the historical province of Halland in southern Sweden.

Viskan

Viskan is a river in the historical province of Halland in southern Sweden.

Ätran (river)

Ätran is a river in the historical province of Halland in southern Sweden.

Vaggeryd

Vaggeryd is a locality in Vaggeryd Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. Together with Skillingaryd, it is the seat of the municipality.

Malung

Malung is a locality, and the seat of Malung-Sälen Municipality, in Dalarna County, Sweden.

Gislaved

Gislaved is a locality, and the seat of Gislaved Municipality, in Jönköping County, Sweden.

Bad Piggies

Bad Piggies is a puzzle video game. It is developed by Rovio Entertainment. Players have to help the green pigs to steal the egg of the "Angry Birds", a game that's also developed by Rovio. Being a spin-off of Angry Birds, the players control the pigs instead of the birds. It was last updated on the Play Store on August 24, 2018. The App Store version was last updated on February 1, 2020.

Each level has a different mission. Players have to build a transport for the Freckled Pig.

As you proceed through the game, new materials can be unlocked, for example: At the beginning of the game you only receive wooden blocks and wheels that control the Freckled Piggy, but later, maybe in level 25 of Groundhog Day, you already unlocked certain types of engines or new wheels.

Like "Angry Birds", you can achieve 3 stars but unlike the original game, there is no score. You achieve stars by doing a mission or at least one for getting the piggy to the finish line


Moscow Ring Road

The Moscow Automobile Ring Road (), or MKAD ("МКАД"), is a famous road around Moscow, Russia. The road was opened in 1961 as the third ring road around Moscow.


Trans-Siberian Highway

Trans-Siberian Highway is a highway system in Russia. It goes from St. Petersburg to Vladivostok.


Saint Petersburg Ring Road

Saint Petersburg Ring Road () is a ring road around Saint Petersburg, Russia.

Galvanic isolation

Galvanic isolation means separating two electrical structure from each other. One way to do it is to use a relay, another way to do it is to use an opto-isolator. Also transformer makes galvanic isolation.

Opto-isolator

An opto-isolator is an electronic component that can be used for galvanic isolation. It uses light for separating two circuits from each other.

Värnamo

Värnamo is a locality, and the seat of Värnamo Municipality, in Jönköping County, Sweden.

Insulator (electricity)

An electrical insulator is a material that does not easily allow flow of electricity through an electric current. Materials typically used to insulate include rubber, plastic and glass. In transformers and electric motors, varnish is used. Insulating gases such as Sulfur hexafluoride are used in some switches. Wires that carry electric currents are usually insulated so the electricity goes to the right place.

Insulator can mean not only the material but things that are made of that material. They are made of various materials such as: glass, silicone, rubber, plastic, oil, wood, dry cotton, quartz, ceramic, etc. 

The type of insulator will depend on the uses. Insulators have high electrical resistivity and low conductivity. The insulators prevent the loss of current and make the current more efficient by concentrating the flow. 

Electric power transmission uses three types of overhead insulator: pin insulator, suspension insulator, and strain insulator.




Sung Jae-ki

Sung Jae-ki (; 成在基, 11 September 1967 – 26 July 2013) was a South Korean human- and civil-rights activists, Liberalism thinkers. From 2008 to 2013, he was the first leader of 'Man of Korea' (), a men's rights and men's liberalism civic group. he was abolition activity of ministry of woman. He was early leaders of South Korean Men's liberation movements, In 1999 to 2013, he actively participated in liberalism movement, gender liberation movement, anti-feminist movement until his death.

he was devoted to male liberation and male right advocacy. also he was Men's shelter and Crime victims male rescue activities. In 2013, himself off under Mapo Bridge. because his debt for $200 million. nickname was Shimheon(심헌 審軒) and Shimheon(심헌 心軒), 'Chungjuk(청죽 靑竹), Chinise name was Imsung(임성 臨聖). penname was Bluewolf(푸른 늑대 靑狼), Tongbalbass(똥발바쓰), Tongball(똥발).

Sung was born Hyomokdong in Daegu. he was studying Daeryun middle school, Daeryun high school and Yeungnam University(1985-1993). In 1987 until 1990, he served in the army, 11th Infantry Division, at Dongsong town, cheolwon in Province Gangwon. In his early years, he was a business man. after 2000 to November 2006, he was Operate Thomas MacFly consulting & headhunting company(토마스 맥플라이 컨설팅 & 헤드헌팅), in Daegu and Busan, Seoul.

In 1990s, he was to Controversy, Oppositions of South Korean feminists, feminist movements. In 1999 to 2013, he was take part activity of anti-feminism movement and masculinity movement, libertarian movements. In October until December 1999, he was joint to the movement against to abolition of hojuje(호주제 폐지). hojuje was setting is one representative of the family was this family's one husband or fathers.

In 2001, he joined the human- and civil-rights movements. On 26 December 2006 he joined the anti-feminism men's liberation club. In 2008, he joined a men's rights movement club.

In 2008, more civic groups, feminists of South Koreas were against for two children's custody of Seong-Min Cho, Divorced famouse baseball player of South Korea. reason was violence of Cho's. Sung was only Advocacy to Seong-Min Cho, Sung was said Cho was two child's father and only living parents.

In 2001 to 2013 Sung Jae-ki was abolition activity of ministry of woman. he was a leader of Men's Association, a human right group, 2008 to 2013. He argued for the abolition of the Ministry of Woman (Ministry of Gender Equality). He also argued for men's rights, sexual liberal, mens liberations. but that during his debt for $200 million. He was his life was devoted entirely to the movement of liberation movements liberalism Gender and Korean, and made it possible to introduce improvements on all male rights, offer of male shelter and Protective Facility. but criticism and prejudice Along with debt, in marked the biggest setback.

In 2011 he was opened to temporary accommodation at Yengdeungpo and Samsung-Dong at Gangnam, Victims Men of Domestic Violence. it's burden of expenses is personal expense. also his temporary accommodation of Victims Men of Domestic Violence was accept to gay, male transgender people. some South Korean gay and transgender people was kicked out of there house.

In 2011 - 2013 he was given protection of Crime Victims Male, Youth Runaway and street children. also accept of homeless, gay, and transgender people. his life was devoted entirely to sexual Liberation Movement and liberalism Movement of Korean. he was support to possible improvements in Male human rights and offer of shelter and refuge of male.

in 2013, he was in debt collectors. July 26, he was jumping suicide of bridge railing for han river. that he was the last said, "Male is a human!(남자도 사람이다.)" 3days later, his body was found at Mapo Bridge, in Seoul. burial was Gyongsan park cemetery.




Yakovlev Yak-38

The Yakovlev Yak-38 is a Soviet military single-turbojet aircraft. It was designed and built as a fighter aircraft. It was also used as attack aircraft. The Soviet Navy was the only operator. The aircraft is a vertical take-off & landing aircraft. It was retired from service in 1993. NATO called it Forger.


Dipole speaker

A dipole speaker is a type of a loudspeaker. The sound typically only comes out of the front and back. Dipole spekers do not usually produce very low frequencies because the structure loses audiodynamics the lower the frequency is. With audio crossover is possible to correct frequency response, but there are still limits. This problem can be solved by using a subwoofer.

Sommarkrysset

Sommarkrysset is a Swedish television program. It is broadcast live from the Gröna Lund amusement park in Stockholm during summer. It was first shown on 3 June 2005.


Askola

Askola is a municipality in southern Finland. Almost 5,000 people lived there 2013. There are famous giant's kettles in Askola, called "Askolan Hiidenkirnut". Askola's neighbouring municipalities are Myrskylä, Mäntsälä, Pornainen, Porvoo and Pukkila.

Farming has been important in Askola for a long time.

Bingolotto

Bingolotto is a Swedish game show. It was established in 1988 as a lottery. It was originally broadcasted over local Gothenburg TV on 16 January 1989. It aired on TV4 for first time on 19 October 1991. The popularity peaked in the 1990s.


Nordman

Nordman is a Swedish ethnopop group. They were especially popular in the 1990s.





Charles the Simple

Charles III (17 September 879 – 7 October 929), called the Simple or the Straightforward (from the Latin "Carolus Simplex"), was the King of the Franks from 898 until 922 and the King of Lotharingia from 911 until 919–23. He was a member of the Carolingian dynasty.

Charles was the third and posthumous son of Louis the Stammerer by his second wife, Adelaide of Paris. As a child, Charles was not allowed to become king in 884 when his half-brother Carloman died. The Frankish nobles instead asked his cousin, Charles the Fat, to rule over them. King Charles the Fat was not a good king so he was removed (deposed) in November 887. He died soon after in January 888. The nobility elected Odo, the hero of the Siege of Paris as their king. Charles Simplex was put under the protection of Ranulf II of Aquitaine who used the royal title himself until making peace with Odo.

In 893 Charles was finally crowned by part of the nobility who were opposed to Odo. He was crowned at Reims Cathedral but was not fully accepted as king until Odo died in 898.

In 911, a group of Vikings lead by Rollo besieged Paris and Chartres. After a victory near Chartres on 26 August, Charles decided to negotiate with Rollo. The talks were led by Hervé, the Archbishop of Reims. This resulted in the Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte, which granted Rollo and his soldiers all the land between the river Epte and the sea. It also granted him Brittany, "for his livelihood". At the time, Brittany was an independent land which France had not been able to conquer. In exchange, Rollo promised the king his loyalty and military assistance when needed. Also Rollo also agreed to be baptised and to marry Gisela, the king's daughter. The territory given Rollo is about the same as Upper Normandy. This would grow to become Normandy under Rollo's descendants. 

Also in 911, Louis the Child, the King of Germany, died. The nobles of Lotharingia made Charles their new king even though some had elected Conrad of Franconia king. Charles had tried to win their support for years. In April 907 he married a Lotharingian noblewoman named Frederuna. He also defended Lotharingia twice against attacks by Conrad, King of the Germans. Queen Frederuna died on 10 February 917 leaving six daughters and no sons. so Charles did not have an heir. On 7 October 919 Charles married again to Eadgifu of Wessex (England). She was the daughter of Edward the Elder, King of England. She bore him his only son, the future King Louis IV of France. 

Charles' had a favorite at court, a man named Hagano. This turned his nobles against Charles. He gave Hagano several monasteries that already belonged to other barons which angered them. Charles also turned the new duke, Gilbert against him. He turned his support to the German king Henry the Fowler in 919. Not everyone in Lotharingia was against Charles; he kept the support of Wigeric.

Finally the nobles seized Charles in 920. They were tired of Charles' policies and his favoritism of count Hagano. 
But after negotiations by Archbishop Herveus of Reims the king was released.
In 922 the Frankish nobles revolted again led by Robert of Neustria. Robert was Odo's brother and was elected king by the rebels. Charles had to flee to Lotharingia. On 2 July 922, Charles lost his most faithful supporter, Herveus of Reims. Charles returned with a Norman army in 923 but was defeated on 15 June near Soissons by Robert, who died in the battle. Charles was captured and in a castle at Péronne under the guard of Herbert II of Vermandois. Charles' English wife Eadgifu and their son Louis fled to England. Robert's Rudolph of Burgundy was elected to succeed him. In 925 the Lotharingia became part of the Kingdom of Germany. Charles died in prison on 7 October 929 and was buried at the nearby abbey of Saint-Fursy. His only son by Eadgifu would later be crowned in 936 as Louis IV of France.

Charles married first, in May 907, Frederuna, daughter of Dietrich, Count in the Hamaland. Together they had six daughters:

In 919 Charles married secondly Eadgifu of Wessex. Together they had:


Charles also had several illegitimate childen:


Jill Johnson

Jill Johnson (born 24 May 1973, Ängelholm, Sweden) is a country singer from Sweden. She participated for Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1998 with the song "Kärleken är", finishing 10th. She had a major hit in Sweden in 2003 with the Melodifestivalen song "Crazy in Love".

Several of her albums have chartered at Sverigetopplistan.




Cheung Chau

Cheung Chau is an island of Hong Kong. It is a famous scenic spot of Hong Kong. Each year, the Cheung Chau Bun Festival is held there.

Cheung Chau is located between Lamma Island and Lantau Island.

Freda'

Freda' (Swedish for "Friday") is a pop group from Gnosjö in Sweden. It was first active from 1983–1993. Singer and songwriter Uno Svenningsson had a solo career before the band was re-united in 2009. The group is named for "Friday" (the day of the week) because they won a rock band competition on a Friday. The group broke through in 1986 with the song "Vindarna". They received a Grammis award in 1988 and again in 1990.



Cantonese Wikipedia

Cantonese Wikipedia is the Cantonese version of Wikipedia. It was created in 2006.

The Cantonese Wikipedia has over articles.

The website is https://zh-yue.wikipedia.org.

Yakovlev Yak-3

The Yakovlev Yak-3 is a Soviet single-engine fighter aircraft. It was one of the main military aircraft used in USSR for World War II. The first flight was in 1941. It started being used in 1943. Some were used by French pilots of the "Groupe Normandie-Niemen".
After the war, some were used in Poland and Yugoslavia. More than 4,800 were built.

Robert Curthose

Robert Curthose (–1134), sometimes styled Robert II or Robert III, was the Duke of Normandy from 1087 until 1106. He was also Count of Maine. His reign as Duke is noted for the conflicts he had with his brothers in England. This led to the dukedom of Normandy being reunited with crown of England.

Robert was the eldest son of William the Conqueror, the first Norman king of England, and Matilda of Flanders. Robert was born . As a child he was to Margaret, the heiress of Maine. But she died before they could be wed. Robert didn't marry until he was in his late forties.

Robert was brought up among William's . As a result, he became a skilled warrior. But unlike his father he expected to live a life of pleasure and luxury. In 1063, his father made him the count of Maine when he was contracted to marry Margaret. But Robert had no authority. The county was actually run by his father until 1069 when the county revolted and reverted to Hugh V of Maine. Still, he had been made his father's heir. Twice the barons had taken an oath of fealty to him as their future leader.

In 1077 Robert got into an argument with his father. He demanded to rule Normandy which he had on at least on occasion while William was in England. William was not able to reason with his son and Robert left angry. The next day Robert and his followers attempted to seize Rouen. The siege failed. After rebelling against his father all he could do was go into exile. 
Robert first went to Chateauneuf-en-Thymerais. He then fled to Flanders to the court of his uncle Robert I, Count of Flanders. 

In the spring of 1080 Robert was back on good terms with his father. He again made Robert his heir for Normandy in the presences of his barons. Later that summer or early fall Robert went with his father to England. William placed Robert in charge of a large army to march north and deal with King Malcolm III of Scotland. Malcolm had been raiding the north of England while William was occupied in Normandy. When the two armies drew near each other, Malcolm did not want to fight. He again swore fealty to king William and gave hostages. Robert remained in England with his father until the end of 1081. Events in Maine caused William and Robert to return to Normandy. Fulk IV, Count of Anjou had been attacking in Maine again trying to get control away from Normandy. William and Robert led a great army into Maine to confront the Angevin count. Before the fighting could start, a cardinal and several monks stopped the battle. They called for a truce and after much negotiation one was agreed to. The count of Anjou was to let Normandy have Maine, but Robert, as count of Maine, had to recognize Fulk IV as his overlord for Maine. When Queen Matilda died in 1083 Robert seemed to abandon his father. He and his mother had been very close. 

In 1087, the Conqueror died of wounds suffered from a riding accident during a siege of Mantes. At his death he reportedly wanted to disinherit his eldest son but was persuaded to divide the Norman dominions between his two eldest sons. To Robert he granted the Duchy of Normandy and to William Rufus he granted the Kingdom of England. The youngest son Henry was given money to buy land. Of the two elder sons Robert was considered to be much the weaker and was generally preferred by the nobles who held lands on both sides of the English Channel since they could more easily circumvent his authority. At the time of their father's death the two brothers made an agreement to be each other's heir. However this peace lasted less than a year when barons joined with Robert to displace Rufus in the Rebellion of 1088. It was not a success, in part because Robert never showed up to support the English rebels.

Robert took as his close adviser Ranulf Flambard, who had been previously a close adviser to his father. Flambard later became an astute but much-disliked financial adviser to William Rufus until the latter's death in 1100.

In 1096, Robert left for the Holy Land on the First Crusade. At the time of his departure he was reportedly so poor that he often had to stay in bed for lack of clothes. In order to raise money for the crusade he mortgaged his duchy to his brother William for the sum of 10,000 marks.

When William II died on 2 August 1100, Robert was on his return journey from the Crusade and was about to marry a wealthy young bride to raise funds to buy back his duchy. As a result, his brother Henry was able to seize the crown of England for himself. Upon his return, Robert – urged by Flambard and several Anglo-Norman barons – claimed the English crown on the basis of the short-lived agreement of 1087. In 1101, he led an invasion to oust his brother Henry; he landed at Portsmouth with his army but his lack of popular support among the English as well as Robert's own mishandling of the invasion tactics enabled Henry to resist the invasion. Robert was forced by diplomacy to renounce his claim to the English throne in the Treaty of Alton. It is said that Robert was a brilliant field commander but a terrible general in the First Crusade. His government (or misgovernment) of Normandy as well as his failed invasion of England suggests that his military skills were little better than his political skills.

In 1105, however, Robert's continual stirring of discord with his brother in England as well as civil disorder in Normandy itself prompted Henry to invade Normandy. Orderic reports on an incident at Easter 1105 when Robert was supposed to hear a sermon by the venerable Serlo, Bishop of Sées. Robert spent the night before sporting with harlots and jesters and while he lay in bed sleeping off his drunkenness his unworthy friends stole his clothes. He awoke to find himself naked and had to remain in bed and missed the sermon.

In 1106, Henry defeated Robert's army decisively at the Battle of Tinchebray and claimed Normandy as a possession of the English crown, a situation that endured for almost a century. Captured after the battle, Robert was imprisoned in Devizes Castle for twenty years before being moved to Cardiff.

In 1134, Robert died in Cardiff Castle in his early eighties. Robert Curthose, sometime Duke of Normandy, eldest son of the Conqueror, was buried in the abbey church of St. Peter in Gloucester. The exact place of his burial is difficult to establish – legend states that he requested to be buried before the High Altar. His effigy carved in bog oak, however, lies on a mortuary chest decorated with the attributed arms of the Nine Worthies (missing one – Joshua, and replaced with the arms of Edward the Confessor). The effigy dates from about 100 years after his death and the mortuary chest much later. The church subsequently has become Gloucester Cathedral.

Robert married Sybilla of Conversano, daughter of Geoffrey of Brindisi, Count of Conversano (and a grandniece of Robert Guiscard, another Norman duke) on the way back from Crusade, one child:


Robert also had at least three illegitimate children:


Push-pull aircraft

A push-pull aircraft is a type of aircraft whose principle is a twin engine. The first engine is propulsion. The second is tractive. The first push and the second pull. On the outside, these aircraft are noticeable by their two propellers: one in front and one in back.

October (album)

October is the second album by Irish rock band U2. It was released on 12 October 1981. The album is about spirituality. It got mixed reviews and it was not played much by radio stations.

After touring for Boy, U2 began to write new songs. The band started recording in the studio in July 1981. Then Bono lost his notebook with the lyrics after a show in Portland, Oregon. He had to make up the words to songs as he was singing on the microphone. His lost notebook was returned many years later, in 2004. Bono said its return was "an act of grace".

When it was released, "October" got more mixed reviews than their first album, "Boy".

Dave McCullough of "Sounds" magazine praised the album. He said: "A kind of zenith pop then, no half measures. It all breathes fire... 'Gloria' being possibly Their Finest Moment and 'Tomorrow', low and muted, gently oozing emotion". McCullough also said, "This "October" will last forever".

Adam Sweeting of "Melody Maker" also gave a good review. He said: "Their whole musical sensibility is shaped by a strong emotional bond to their homeland and its traditions. It gives them a completely different frame of reference from most groups...

But, "NME" gave a negative review. Barney Hoskyns talked about the "excessive plaintiveness of Bono's voice and the forced power of U2's sound". He also said: "Obviously rock doesn't expire just because groups run out of ways to change it... U2, I guess, will continue to 'move' in live performance, but they will only move on the lightest surface. Their music does 'soar'... But then 'God' knows, there are other religions".

All of the songs were written by U2, and all of the lyrics were written by Bono.



Pornainen

Pornainen is a municipality in southern Finland. About 5,162 people lived there in 2013. Nearby municipalities are Askola, Mäntsälä, Porvoo and Sipoo.


Alavus

Alavus () is a city in Finland. As of 31 May 2013, 12,349 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Alajärvi, Kuortane, Seinäjoki, Virrat and Ähtäri.


Virrat

Virrat is a city in Finland. As of 31 May 2013, 7,344 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Alavus, Keuruu, Kihniö, Mänttä-Vilppula, Ruovesi, Seinäjoki, Ylöjärvi and Ähtäri.



Southeast Division (NBA)

The Southeast Division is one of three divisions in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association, along with the Atlantic Division and the Central Division. The five teams in this division are the Atlanta Hawks, Charlotte Hornets, Miami Heat, Orlando Magic, and the Washington Wizards. 

Piaggio P.180 Avanti

The Piaggio P.180 Avanti is an Italian twin-turboprop civilian aircraft. It can carry between seven and nine passengers. It is used for executive transport.

Battle of Shiloh

The Battle of Shiloh was a battle in the American Civil War. It was fought on April 6 and April 7, 1862, in Tennessee. It was one of the bloodiest battles of the Civil War.

The Union Army of the Tennessee was commanded by Ulysses S. Grant. Grant had captured Fort Henry and Fort Donelson in western Tennessee during the early months of 1862. This forced the Confederate Army to leave Kentucky, western Tennessee, and central Tennessee.

Grant wanted to capture the city of Corinth, Mississippi, next. But his superior, Henry W. Halleck, didn't want Grant to go any further south until other Union soldiers joined him. So Grant moved his army to a place called Pittsburg Landing, which was on the Tennessee River. There was a church near the landing called Shiloh Church. His army stayed there for several weeks.

General Albert Sidney Johnston commanded the Confederates. Johnston's second-in-command was P. G. T. Beauregard. Beauregard came up with a plan to recapture western Tennessee. Confederate soldiers from all over the Western theater gathered in Corinth. Then, starting on April 3rd, they marched north toward Grant's army. The Confederate Army was ready to attack on the morning of the 6th.

The battle started around dawn on April 6th. The Confederates surprised the Union Army. After fighting all day, Grant's army retreated back to Pittsburg Landing. Johnston was killed during the battle, and Beauregard took over the Confederate Army.

More Union soldiers arrived at the battlefield during the night. They were part of the Army of the Ohio, commanded by Don Carlos Buell.

Grant attacked the Confederates the next morning. The two armies fought all morning and during the afternoon. By 4 p.m., Beauregard decided to retreat back to Corinth.

The Confederates lost 10,698 casualties during the battle. Union soldiers buried the Confederate dead on the battlefield. The Union Army lost about 14,500 casualties during the battle.


Panavia Tornado

The Panavia Tornado is a twin-turbojet attack and electronic warfare aircraft. It was built by three European countries: Germany, Italy, and the United Kingdom. Its first flight was in 1974. Its introduction was in 1979. The Royal Air Force used it in the Gulf War, war in Afghanistan, and war in Libya. Saudi Arabia also uses this aircraft.

The Tornado ADV is a fighter variant.

Electronic warfare

Electronic warfare is all military techniques for aerial reconnaissance, spying, and radar jamming. In electronic warfare, missiles like AGM-45 Shrike or AGM-88 Harm can be used to destroy radar or communication systems. Examples include deciphering encrypted messages, such as the messages decoded due to the British reverse engineering of the German Enigma.

Nippon Sei Ko Kai

The Nippon Sei Ko Kai is the Japanese branch of the Anglican Communion. 


Hearse

A hearse is a car used to transport a coffin. It is usually used to go to a cemetery. Hearses are usually black or gray. They are driven by a mortician.

Shfela

Shfela (, Shephelah, also called , Shfelat Yehuda, "Judean foothills") is a region in Israel. It is between the Judaean Mountains and the south coast of the Mediterranean Sea.


Brunel University London

Brunel University London (BUL) is a public research university in London, England. It is named after Isambard Kingdom Brunel. In June 1966, Brunel College of Advanced Technology was given a royal charter and eventually became Brunel University London. The university is often described as a British plate glass university.

Brunel University London is sorted into three colleges. It is this way because of a major internal reorganization in September 2014. The University has over 16,150 students and 2,500 staff. They had a total income of £237 million in the 2019–20 school year. 30% of this income came from grants and research contracts. Brunel University London has three constituent academic colleges: The College of Business, Arts and Social Sciences; The College of Engineering, Design and Physical Sciences; and The Colleges of Health, Medical, and Life services. Brunel University London is part of the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the European University Association, and Universities UK.


Sharon plain

The Sharon plain ( "HaSharon") is a region in Israel. It is on the northern coast of the Mediterranean Sea between Tel Aviv and Haifa. It starts at the Yarkon River in Tel Aviv and ends at Mount Carmel.

Hassan Ademov

Hassan Ahmed Ademov (), (born 24 January 1953), is a Bulgarian politician of Turkish origin.


Alice Haldeman

Sarah Alice (Addams) Haldeman (June 5, 1853 – March 19, 1915) was a United States craftswoman, banker and philanthropist. She was the sister of social activist Jane Addams.

She was born in Cedarville, Illinois. Haldeman died from pneumonia. She outlived her husband and managed his bank after his death.

Charles Brenton Huggins

Charles Brenton Huggins (September 22, 1901 – January 12, 1997) was a Canadian-born American physician, physiologist, and cancer researcher at the University of Chicago specializing in prostate cancer. He was awarded the 1966 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering that hormones could be used to control the spread of some cancers.

Huggins was born on September 22, 1901 in Halifax, Nova Scotia. He studied at Acadia University and at Harvard University. Huggins died on January 22, 1997 in Chicago, Illinois from natural causes, aged 95.


Hugh Dempster

Hugh Dempster (August 3, 1900 – April 30, 1987) was a British theatre and movie actor.

Dempster was born on August 3, 1900 in London, England. 

He starred in "Vice Versa", "Anna Karenina", "The Winslow Boy", "The Fan", "Scrooge", "The House Across the Lake", and in "The Ghost Train". 

Dempster died from pneumonia on April 30, 1987 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 86.



James B. Bradwell

James Bolesworth Bradwell (April 16, 1828 – November 30, 1907) was an American lawyer, judge, and a representative from Illinois.

Bradwell was born April 16, 1828, at Loughborough, England to American parents. He was raised in Utica, New York and in Jacksonville, Illinois. In 1852, he married Myra Colby. They had four children. Bradwell died on November 30, 1907 in Chicago, Illinois from pneumonia, aged 79.


Thomas Reed (architect)

Thomas Reed (1817–1878), was a Danish architect.

He was born in the 19th century in the Saint Croix Island (in the time when it was a dependent territory of the Kingdom of Denmark) in 1817.

He studied in Germany and England, and arrived to Colombia in 1847. In Bogotá he was contracted to build the Colombian National Capitol by the president Tomás Cipriano de Mosquera. He also designed the Panopticon prison which was adapted in 1975 for the Colombian National Museum.

Reed died in 1878 in Guayaquil, Ecuador, aged 61.


Reading (disambiguation)

Reading is a way of getting information that is written.

It may also refer to:

Glenn Plummer

Glenn E. Plummer (born August 18, 1961) is an American actor. He was born in Richmond, California. He has acted in many movies and TV series. He married DeMonica Santiago-Plummer in 2001. They have two children. Santiago-Plummer filed for divorce in February 2013. 

Jacki Weaver

Jacqueline Ruth "Jacki" Weaver (born 25 May 1947) is an Australian actress.

Weaver played in many movies, TV productions and theater performances since the 1970s. In 1971, she got an "Australian Film Institute Award" for her performance in the movie "Stork" as "Anna". She got an award in the category supporting role for her performance in "Caddie" in 1976.

In 2010, she was best known for her role as "Janine Cody" in "Animal Kingdom". She got many prizes for it, including the Australian Film Institute, the "National Board of Review Award", the "LAFCA-Award" and the "Satellite Award" in the category supporting actress.

In 2012, she played in the movie "Silver Linings Playbook". For this performance, she got an Academy Award nomination in the category supporting actress.


Glasnost

Glasnost () was a policy that called for increased openness in government institutions and activities in the Soviet Union. It was introduced by Mikhail Gorbachev in the second half of the 1980s. Glasnost is often paired with Perestroika (restructuring), another reform instituted by Gorbachev at the same time. The word "glasnost" has been used in Russian at least since the end of the 18th century.

The word was often used by Gorbachev for policies he believed might reduce corruption at the top, and moderate the abuse of power by the Central Committee. Russian human rights activist and dissident Lyudmila Alexeyeva explained glasnost as a word that "had been in the Russian language for centuries. It was in the dictionaries and lawbooks as long as there had been dictionaries and lawbooks. It was an ordinary, hardworking, nondescript word that was used to refer to a process, any process of justice of governance, being conducted in the open".

Glasnost can also refer to the specific period in the history of the USSR during the 1980s when there was less censorship and greater freedom of information.

Nerve cord

The nerve cord is a bundle of nerve fibres which run the length of an animal's body. In invertebrates it runs along the ventral side under the gut. In chordates it runs along the dorsal side above the gut.

In vertebrates it runs inside the backbone, and is called the spinal cord.

Ion Creangă

Ion Creangă (1 March 1837, Humulești, Romania – 31 December 1889, Iași) was a Romanian writer. He wrote all kinds of stories including his autobiography "" (English: "Childhood memories").


Vasile Alecsandri

Vasile Alecsandri (21 June 1821, Bacău – 22 August 1890, Mircești) was a Romanian poet, politician, minister, and diplomat. He founded the Romanian Academy and Romanian Theatre.

Tower of Saviors

Tower of Saviors is a video game which is developed in Hong Kong. Since July 2013, this game has been downloaded over 5,000,000 times. Seventy-five percent of players are Taiwanese.

The gameplay and characters are similar to "Puzzle & Dragons", a Japanese game. The person in charge said that the game has referenced other games, such as "Puzzle & Dragons".


Outboard motor

An outboard motor is traditionally an engine that is used with boats. With those is no need for oars. An outboard motor can be an electric motor, which doesn't pollute at all.

Interest rate

An interest rate is how much interest is paid by borrowers for the money that they borrow. It is usually a percentage of the sum borrowed. So, a simple 10% interest means that if one borrows $100, one pays back $110. 

Interest rates in a country are usually guided by a base rate set by its central bank. The interest rate to businesses and citizens is always above the base rate .

Pirkka-Pekka Petelius

Pirkka-Pekka Petelius (born 31 May 1953, Tornio) is a Finnish actor and singer. He started in the 1970s. He was born in Tornio. In 1975, he moved to Helsinki. He has released six albums.


John Amis

John Preston Amis (17 June 1922 – 1 August 2013 ) was a British broadcaster, classical music critic, music administrator, radio and television personality, and writer. He was a writer for "The Guardian" and to BBC radio and television music programming.

Amis was born on 17 June 1922 in Dulwich, London, England. He studied at Dulwich College. Amis was the cousin of Kingsley Amis. In 1949, he married the violinist Olive Zorian. The marriage was dissolved in 1955 and Zorian died in 1965. Amis died on 1 August 2013 from natural causes, aged 91.


Invaders Must Die (song)

"Invaders Must Die" is a song by the British electronic band The Prodigy. It was released on the band's website on 26 November 2008. It was the first single from the album "Invaders Must Die".

Junkers Ju 88

The Junkers Ju 88 is a twin-engine military aircraft. It was built in Nazi Germany. It was used as a bomber, fighter, and reconnaissance in World War II. Its first flight was in 1936. It was first used in 1939. At least 15,000 were built. It was one of the major Luftwaffe aircraft. It was used for the Battle of France and the Battle of Britain.

Grumman X-29

The Grumman X-29 was an experimental United States aircraft. It aimed to test the technology of forward-swept wing and other technologies. It first flew in 1984. Tests were stopped in 1991. It was a single-turbojet aircraft. It was used by NASA.

General Atomics MQ-1 Predator

The General Atomics MQ-1 Predator is an American unmanned aerial vehicle. It is used by the US Air Force and the CIA for reconnaissance and as light attack aircraft. It is a single-engine aircraft. It was used in Afghanistan and Iraq. Its main weapon is the AGM-114 Hellfire light missile.

Italy, Morocco, and UAE are foreign operators.

Avro 504

The Avro 504 is a British training aircraft. It was used for World War I. It is one of the first British military aircraft. It is a twin-seat and single-engine biplane. Some were used in Belgium, France, Portugal, and USA.

Pica d'Estats

Pica d'Estats (Catalan and Spanish: "Pica d'Estats", French: "Pic d'Estats") is a 3,143-m-high mountain in the Montcalm Massif, Pyrenees. on the Spanish–French border.

In France, it is the highest point in the Department of Ariège. In Spain, it is the highest point of the autonomous community of Catalonia and of the province of Lleida.

The summit of this mountain is on the border of the Regional Natural Park of the Pyrenees of Ariége (). The Pica d'Estats is in a group of mountains that forms the "Massif du Montcalm", and is the highest of the mountains in the East-Central Pyrennes.

The summit has three peaks, all very close to each other:

The group of three peaks runs north-northwest to southeast along the Spanish–French border.
The summit of Pica d'Estats is made of granite.

Even with its altitude, the Pica d'Estats does not have much snow.

The first ascent of this peak was made by Corabœuf & Jean-Jacques Testu in 1827. Henry Russell climbed this peak in June 1864.


Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte

The Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte was signed in the autumn of 911. It was a treaty between Charles the Simple and Rollo, one of the leaders of the Vikings living in Neustria. It was to protect Charles' kingdom from any new invasion by the "Northmen. In 911, a group of Vikings lead by Rollo Paris and Chartres. After a victory near Chartres on 26 August, Charles decided to try to reach an agreement with Rollo. The talks were led by Hervé, the Archbishop of Reims. The result was the Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte. The treaty granted Rollo all land between the river Epte and the sea in exchange for his fealty. In addition, the treaty granted Rollo Brittany "for his ". At the time, Brittany was an independent region which France had not been able to control. In exchange, Rollo promised the king his loyalty, which involved military assistance for the protection of the kingdom. As a token of his good will, Rollo also agreed to be baptised and marry Gisela a daughter of king Charles.

The territory covered by the treaty is nearly the same as today’s Upper Normandy down to the Seine river. It would later extend west beyond the Seine to form the Duchy of Normandy, named for the northmen who ruled it. The treaty was entered into after the death of Alan I, King of Brittany and at the time another group of Vikings occupied Brittany. Around 937 Alan I's son, Alan II returned from England to expel those Vikings from Brittany. This happened in 939. During this period the Cotentin Peninsula was lost by Brittany and gained by Normandy. 

Epte

The Epte is a river in Seine-Maritime and Eure, in Normandy, France. It is a tributary of the river Seine. It begins in Seine-Maritime department in the Pays de Bray, near Forges-les-Eaux. The river empties into the Seine not far from Giverny.

In 911 the Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte established the river as the historical boundary between Normandy and Île-de-France. This divided the traditional county of the Vexin into two parts. The Norman Vexin became a part of Normandy while the French Vexin remained a part of the Île-de-France. A series of castles were built on both banks of the Epte to guard this frontier. 

Claude Monet lived at Giverny near the river for more than forty years. In his garden, by diverting a branch of the Epte, he established a water garden with its famous water-lily pond and a Japanese-style bridge. The river appears in several of his works, including "Peupliers au bord de l'Epte" (Poplars on the Banks of the Epte).


Puzzle &amp; Dragons

Puzzle & Dragons is a Japanese mobile game. It was developed by GungHo Online Entertainment. There is a role-playing game at the top where the player gets to fight dragons and other monsters. The lower part of the screen is a puzzle game. Players have to replace the gems and connect three gems of the same color. 


Electrostatic loudspeaker

An electrostatic loudspeaker is a design of speaker. The sound is generated by force placed on a membrane suspended in an electrostatic field. The electrostatic loudspeaker is almost like magnetostatic loudspeaker but it does not use high currents, it uses high voltages. The membrane (a thin film) is controlled by voltage, and it moves between metal plates which are full of small holes.

The sound quality from modern models of electrostatic loudspeaker is good.

Public address system

A public address system, commonly known as a PA system, is a network of sound devices that can play sound to several people. They are often used to make announcements in large buildings or neighbourhoods. In big spaces outdoors, amplifiers and loudspeakers have to be very loud. Otherwise the volume would be too small to be heard by everybody.

Ion Luca Caragiale

Ion Luca Caragiale (1 February 1852, Haimanale, Romania – 9 June 1912, in Berlin, Germany) was a Romanian playwright, novelist, poet, theatre director and journalist.

Amazing Alex

Amazing Alex, which is developed by Rovio Entertainment, is a puzzle game.

In Google Play, this game is rated as 4.3 out of 5 stars.

In Pocket Gamer, Harry Slater, a player of this game, prefers "Angry Birds" to "Amazing Alex". He said, "That's not to say that Amazing Alex isn't an addictive experience - it's just that compared to Angry Birds, there's less excitement involved. You rarely feel like throwing your arms in the air when you've completed a puzzle, for example, and the absence of any kind of antagonist reduces the stakes slightly."

Tolleshunt Knights

Tolleshunt Knights is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001, there were 1028 people living there. Tolleshunt Knights is located about 1 mile south-east of Tiptree.

Woodham Mortimer

Woodham Mortimer is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 502 people living in Woodham Mortimer.


Woodham Walter

Woodham Walter is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 583 people living in Woodham Walter.


Canewdon

Canewdon is a village and civil parish in Rochford District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1477 people living in Canewdon. Canewdon is between Ashingdon, Paglesham and Stambridge.


Hullbridge

Hullbridge is a village and civil parish in Rochford District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 6445 people living in Hullbridge.


Rawreth

Rawreth is a village and civil parish in Rochford District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1003 people living in Rawreth.


La Rosaleda

La Rosaleda is a football stadium in Málaga, Spain. The Rosaleda Stadium was one of the seventeen host stadiums of the 1982 FIFA World Cup, hosting three matches.


Little Burstead

Little Burstead is a village and civil parish in Basildon Borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 397 people living in Little Burstead.


Lyriel

Lyriel is a German band. The band plays folk rock.


Ramsden Bellhouse

Ramsden Bellhouse is a village and civil parish in Rochford District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 730 people living in Ramsden Bellhouse. Ramsden Bellhouse is located between the towns of Wickford and Billericay.

Kelvedon Hatch

Kelvedon Hatch is a village and civil parish in Brentwood District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2563 people living in Kelvedon Hatch.


Mountnessing

Mountnessing is a village and civil parish in Brentwood District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1132 people living in Mountnessing.


Stondon Massey

Stondon Massey is a village and civil parish in Brentwood District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 748 people living in Stondon Massey. The word 'Stondon' means stone hill’ and the word Massey is comes from Serlo de Marci.


West Horndon

West Horndon is a village and civil parish in Brentwood District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1482 people living in West Horndon.


Shelland

Shelland is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 39 people living in Shelland. Shelland has a church called King Charles the Martyr.


Richmond, North Yorkshire

Richmond is a town and civil parish in Richmondshire, North Yorkshire, England. In 2011 there were 8413 people living in Richmond.


Bishop Auckland

Bishop Auckland is a town and civil parish in County Durham, England. In 2011 there were 16,276 people living in Bishop Auckland.


Todmorden

Todmorden is a town and civil parish in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England. In 2011 there were 15481 people living in Todmorden. The town hall is found in the middle of the settlement overlooking the main market area. The market attracts many visitors. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday are the main days to find traders on the outdoor stalls. However, the indoor market is open six days a week.
There is also a park that usually has two ice-cream vans. There are seven primary schools in Todmorden. In Todmorden there are three churches, but only one is still functional. There are many monuments in Todmorden, including Stoodley Pike, the John Fielden Statue and The Lucky Dog. The Lucky dog sits in the left hand back corner of what used to be the old Todmorden Hospital that was used in the war to treat injured soldiers and citizens.


William Clito

William "Clito" (1102–1128), was the Count of Flanders and Duke of Normandy. His "Clito" was a Latin term meaning the same as the Anglo-Saxon """". Both ""Clito"" and ""Atheling"" signified a "man of royal blood", or the modern term "prince".

William was the son of Robert Curthose, Duke of Normandy, and his wife Sybilla of Conversano. She was the daughter of Geoffrey, Count of Conversano (in southern Italy). His father, the Duke of Normandy was defeated and captured by his brother Henry I of England at the Battle of Tinchebrai in (1106). Robert Curthose went with Henry I to Falaise where Henry met his nephew the young William Clito for the first time. Henry placed his nephew in the custody of Helias of Saint Saens, Count of Arques. Helias had married a daughter of Duke Robert, his friend and lord. The boy William stayed under the care of Helias until August 1110. At that time the king suddenly sent agents to demand the boy be handed over to him. At the time Helias was away from home. But his servants hid the boy and smuggled him to their master. Helias fled to safety among Henry's enemies.

William’s first refuge was with King Henry’s great enemy, Robert de Bellême, who had extensive lands south of Normandy. When Robert of Bellême was captured in 1112, William and Helias fled to the court of the young Count Baldwin VII of Flanders who was another of William’s cousins. In 1118 a number of Norman counts and barons were tired enough of King Henry to ally with Count Baldwin. They took up William Clito’s cause and started a dangerous rebellion.

The Norman border counts and Count Baldwin were too powerful for the king to fight. They seized much of the north part of Normandy. But the campaign quickly ended when count Baldwin was injured at the siege of Arques (September 1118). The next year the cause of William Clito was taken up by Louis VI of France. He invaded Normandy down the river Seine. On 20 August 1119 the French king was met by the troops of King Henry at the Battle of Brémule. Louis and his army were defeated. 

William Clito was riding as a knight with the French king’s guard that day. He narrowly escaped capture when the French lost the battle. The next day his cousin, King Henry’s son, William Adelin, sent him back the horse he had lost in the battle with other "necessities" as a matter of chivalry. The rebellion collapsed, but the French king continued to support him. Louis brought his case to the pope’s attention in October 1119 at Reims, and forced Henry I to give reasons for his harsh treatment of the exiled boy.

On 25 November 1120 tragedy struck Henry I of England. His son, William Adelin was among the nobles who drowned when the White ship sunk in the English Channel. The loss of King Henry’s only legitimate son, changed William Clito’s fortunes. He was now the obvious male heir to England and Normandy. A significant party of Norman nobles took up his cause. Henry's problems became worse. His his son William Adelin had been promised in marriage to Matilda of Anjou, the daughter of Count Fulk V of Anjou. Fulk now wanted her dowry, including several castles and towns in Maine, returned. But Henry flatly refused. Fulk then promised his daughter Sibylla to William Clito, giving him the county of Maine as her dowry. King Henry then appealed to canon (Church) law and the marriage was eventually (not legal) in August 1124. The William and Sibylla were too closely related under Church laws of the time to be married.

In the meantime, a serious rebellion broke out in Normandy in favour of William Clito. But this was defeated by Henry’s spy network. There was also very little organization among the leaders. They were defeated at the battle of Bourgtheroulde in March 1124. Henry I also got his son-in-law, the Emperor Henry V, to threaten Louis from the east. This kept king Louis VI distracted so he could not offer help.

In 1127, Louis VI was able to make great efforts to help William’s cause. In January he gave him the royal lands in the French Vexin as a base to attack down the Seine into Normandy. Also he married the French queen’s Joanna of Montferrat. The murder of Count Charles the Good of Flanders on 2 March 1127 gave King Louis a good chance to further William’s fortunes. The king marched into Flanders at the head of an army and on 30 March got the barons of the province to accept William as their new count.

William started out very well as count. By the end of May he had most of the county cooperating with him. But English money and a new rival, Thierry of Alsace, led to a weakening of his position. In February 1128 Saint-Omer and Ghent said they would no longer accept him as their count. Bruges did the same in March. In May 1128 Lille too welcomed Thierry. This left William controlling little more than the southern fringe of Flanders. However, he struck back at Bruges. In the battle of Axspoele south of the town on 21 June, William with his Norman knights and French allies defeated Thierry. 

At this point William was joined by his , Duke Godfrey of Brabant. Together their armies besieged Aalst on 12 July. But during the course of the siege William was wounded in the arm in a scuffle with a foot soldier. The wound became and William died at the age of twenty-five on 28 July 1128. His faithful , Helias of Saint Saens, was there with him. William’s body was carried to the abbey of St Bertin in St Omer and buried there. He left no children and was survived by his father, a prisoner of Henry I, who died six years later.

Russell Howard

Russell Joseph Howard (born 23 March 1980) is a British stand-up comedian. He has a show on BBC3 called "Russell Howard's Good News". He was born on 23 March 1980. He is 1.77 metres tall. He used to be on the TV panel show "Mock the Week" hosted by Dara Ó Briain. 

Horten

Horten is a city on the coast of Vestfold county, Norway. About 25,011 lived there in 2007. 



Alajärvi

Alajärvi is a city in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of January 2014, about 10,250 people lived there. Nearby municipalities are Alavus, Kuortane, Kyyjärvi, Lappajärvi, Lapua, Soini, Vimpeli and Ähtäri. Alajärvi means also a lake, lake Alajärvi.

The former municipality of Lehtimäki was merged with Alajärvi on 1 January 2009.


Jakobstad

Jakobstad () is a city in Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 20,000 people lived there. The municipalities next to it are Larsmo, Pedersöre, and Nykarleby. Kokkola is also nearby.

Jakobstad was established in 1652. The people speak two languages: Finnish and Swedish.


Stavanger

Stavanger is city in Norway. About 129,191 lived there in 2013. It is in the southwest of Norway. It has a temperate oceanic climate.



Geoffrey V, Count of Anjou

Geoffrey V (1113–1151), called the Handsome () and Plantagenet (), was the Count of Anjou, Touraine, and Maine from 1129. He was the Duke of Normandy from 1144. By his marriage to the Empress Matilda, daughter and heiress of Henry I of England, Geoffrey had a son, Henry Curtmantle, who succeeded to the English throne. Geoffrey was the founder of the House of Plantagenet, so named for his nickname.

Geoffrey was the elder son of Fulk V, King of Jerusalem and his wife Ermengarde of Maine. She was the daughter of Elias I of Maine. Geoffrey, born 24 August 1113, was named after his great-grandfather Geoffrey II, Count of Gâtinais. He received his nickname, Plantagenet, from the yellow sprig of broom blossom ("genêt" is the French name for the "planta genista", or broom shrub) he wore in his hat. King Henry I of England sent his royal to Anjou to arrange a marriage between Geoffrey and his daughter, Matilda. Consent was given by both parties. On 10 June 1128 King Henry I knighted the fifteen-year-old Geoffrey.

In 1128 Geoffrey married Empress Matilda, the daughter and heiress of King Henry I of England and widow of Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor. The marriage was meant to seal a peace between England/Normandy and Anjou. She was about eleven years older than Geoffrey, and very proud of her status as an Empress (as opposed to being a mere Countess). Their marriage was a stormy one with frequent long separations, but she bore him three sons and survived him.

The year after the marriage Geoffrey's father left for Jerusalem to marry the heiress of the Kingdom of Jerusalem. Geoffrey became the sole count of Anjou. When King Henry I died in 1135, Matilda at once entered Normandy to claim her inheritance. The border districts submitted to her, but England chose her cousin Stephen of Blois for its king, and Normandy soon followed suit. The following year, Geoffrey gave Ambrieres, Gorron, and Chatilon-sur-Colmont to Juhel de Mayenne, on condition that he help obtain the inheritance of Geoffrey's wife. In 1139 Matilda landed in England with 140 knights, where she was besieged at Arundel Castle by King Stephen. In the "Anarchy" which ensued, Stephen was captured at Lincoln in February, 1141, and imprisoned at Bristol. A legatine council of the English church held at Winchester in April 1141 declared Stephen deposed and proclaimed Matilda "Lady of the English". Stephen was subsequently released from prison and had himself recrowned on the anniversary of his first coronation.

During 1142 and 1143, Geoffrey secured all of Normandy west and south of the Seine, and, on 14 January 1144, he crossed the Seine and entered Rouen. He assumed the title of Duke of Normandy in the summer of 1144. In 1144, he founded an Augustine priory at Chateau-l'Ermitage in Anjou. Geoffrey held the duchy until 1149, when he and Matilda conjointly ceded it to their son, Henry, which cession was formally ratified by King Louis VII of France the following year.

Geoffrey also put down three baronial rebellions in Anjou, in 1129, 1135, and 1145–1151. He was often at odds with his younger brother, Elias, whom he had imprisoned until 1151. The threat of rebellion slowed his progress in Normandy, and is one reason he could not intervene in England. In 1153, the Treaty of Wallingford allowed Stephen should remain King of England for life and that Henry, the son of Geoffrey and Matilda should succeed him.

Geoffrey died suddenly on 7 September 1151. According to John of Marmoutier, Geoffrey was returning from a royal council when he was stricken with fever. He arrived at Château-du-Loir, collapsed on a couch, made bequests of gifts and charities, and died. He was buried at St. Julien's Cathedral in Le Mans France.

Geoffrey and Matilda's children were:

Geoffrey also had illegitimate children by an unknown mistress (or mistresses): Hamelin; Emme, who married Dafydd Ab Owain Gwynedd, Prince of North Wales; and Mary, who became a nun and Abbess of Shaftesbury and who may be the poetess Marie de France. Adelaide of Angers is sometimes sourced as being the mother of Hamelin.

Chords Bridge

The Chords Bridge (, "Gesher HaMeitarim"), also called the Bridge of Strings or Jerusalem Light Rail Bridge, is a bridge for the Jerusalem Light Rail. It is at the western entrance to Jerusalem next to the Central Bus Station and the Jerusalem Binyanei HaUma Railway Station. The bridge was designed by the Spanish architect and structural engineer Santiago Calatrava. The bridge was opened in 2008, three years before the new light rail started in the city.


Delhi Ring Road

Delhi Ring Road refers to a double ring road surrounding Delhi, India. The inner road is 55 kilometers and the outer is 87 kilometers. 


2nd Ring Road

The Second Ring Road in Beijing is the first ring road from six ring roads around the walls of the Old City of Beijing. The road was opened in 1980. The Beijing Subway moves under the road like the other ring roads around Beijing. 

Curtiss P-36 Hawk

The Curtiss P-36 Hawk is a US single-engine fighter aircraft. It was used in World War II by the Royal Air Force and the French Air Force. Before that, it was used by the US Army Air Corps. Its first flight was in 1935. It was the basis of the P-40 Warhawk.

Ariège (river)

The Ariège (; ) is a river in the south of France. It is long. It is a right tributary of the Garonne. The Ariège department is named after this river.

The Ariège river is long. It has a drainage basin of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Pinsaguel, near the confluence with the Garonne, in the Haute-Garonne department, for a period of 30 years.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Pinsaguel
The source of the Ariège is in the "Lac of Font Nègre", at the Pyrenees on the border between France and Andorra, just south of Pas de la Casa (Andorra) on the western side of the "Pics Orientaux de Font Nègre", in the "commune" of Porta, Pyrénées-Orientales department, at an altitude of about .

In its first part, it flows to the north, forming the border between France and Andorra, up to Pas de la Casa, and then turns to the north-east.

After flowing through the Ariège plain, the river gets out of the department of Ariège and into the department of Haute-Garonne and, finally, joins the Garonne river at Portet-sur-Garonne, near the city of Toulouse.

The Ariège flows to the northeast, in general, and passes through the following regions, departments and communes:

Andorra
France

The Ariège river flows through a total of 58 "communes".

Finally, it flows, as a right tributary, into the Garonne at Portet-sur-Garonne, in the Haute-Garonne department to the south of Toulouse, at of altitude.

Some of the tributaries are:



Pretty Little Liars

Pretty Little Liars is an American television series based on several books written by Sara Shepard. The show began on June 8, 2010 on the ABC Family channel. The show has been aired for seven seasons. A spin-off show called "Ravenswood" was created because the series was so populary.

The series involves a group of 5 teenage girls; Spencer (Troian Bellisario), Aria (Lucy Hale), Emily (Shay Mitchell), Hanna (Ashley Benson) and their disappeared friend Alison (Sasha Pieterse). Also, their love intrests; Ezra (Ian Harding), Caleb (Tyler Blackburn), Toby (Keegan Allen) and Paige (Lindsey Shaw).

The four main relationships are Ezria (Ezra and Aria), Emison (Emily and Alison), Haleb (Hanna and Caleb) and Spoby (Spencer and Toby).

Seremban

Seremban is the capital of the Malaysian state of Negeri Sembilan, it is in district of Seremban, one from the seven districts of Negeri Sembilan. The town's administration is run by the Seremban Municipal Council also known as Majlis Perbandaran Seremban. On 9 September 2009, Seremban was to be declared as a city, however it was later deferred due to technical reasons. However, the idea of granting city status has been brought up again and Seremban is expected to become a city on September 9, 2013. Finally, Seremban gained its city status on 20 January 2020

Although Seremban does not have a city status, it has nevertheless three sister cities.



Cliché

A cliché, in English is a phrase which is used too much. Originally, the word meant (in French) a stereotype plate, which is a term in printing.

A cliché is a stock expression used again and again. It has "lost its freshness and vigour through overuse, and suggests insincerity, lack of thought or laziness on the part of the writer".


Style guides advise writers to avoid clichés.

Seremban (district)

Seremban district is one from 7 districts in Negeri Sembilan. This is where the capital of Negeri Sembilan, Seremban town is located.

There are two local councils in Seremban district:

The Seremban core areas come under jurisdiction of Seremban Municipal Council (MPS).


The outer Seremban areas come under jurisdiction of Nilai Municipal Council (MPN). 


Seremban 2 is a new satellite township about 4 kilometres south-east of the existing old Seremban town centre. It is located in western side of the North-South Expressway, Seremban 2 is a planned township built on former oil palm estate land with the aim of relocating to the administrative and business district from the crowded old town centre to a more organised area. 

Spanning over of land, Seremban 2 will be the site of the new 

The RM2 billion township will also sustain a large portion of the population of Seremban through various housing estate projects in and around Seremban 2 such as 

The residents here have enjoy many facilities with ÆON Seremban 2 Shopping Centre, City Park, Seremban 2's very own Lake Gardens and comparably less traffic than the town centre. 

Seremban is famous for its special delicacies comprising Malay, Chinese, Indian cuisine. 



Division of Bruce

The Division of Bruce is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was created in 1955 and is named for Stanley Bruce, who was Prime Minister of Australia from 1923 to 1929. It covers an area of 73 km² in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne. Until 1996 it was based on Glen Waverley and Mount Waverley. It now includes parts of Dandenong, Noble Park and Springvale.

Its most famous member has been Sir Billy Snedden, Liberal Party leader from 1972 to 1975 and Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives from 1976 to 1983. Alan Griffin was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd.


Division of Calwell

The Division of Calwell is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was created in 1984 and is named for Arthur Calwell, who was Minister for Immigration 1945-1949 and Leader of the Australian Labor Party 1960-1967.

It covers an area of 175 km2 in the northern suburbs of Melbourne and the boundary was last changed in 2010. It includes Broadmeadows, Craigieburn, Sunbury and Tullamarine.

Andrew Theophanous left the ALP in 2000 after claims he was taking bribes. He stood for the seat at the 2001 election as an independent but was defeated. He became the first Australian politician to be put in prison for bribery.


Division of Casey

The Division of Casey is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up in 1969 and is named for Richard Casey, who was Governor-General of Australia 1965-69. It covers an area of 2337 km2 in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne including Croydon, Montrose and Olinda. 

Peter Howson was the member for Fawkner from 1955-1969. He served as the Minister for Air and the Minister for the Environment, Aborigines and the Arts. Bob Halverson was Speaker of the House of Representatives 1996-98. Michael Wooldridge was Minister for Health and Family Services, and later Minister for Health and Aged Care in the Howard Government. He was also Deputy Leader of the Opposition


Division of Chisholm

The Division of Chisholm is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up in 1949 and is named for Caroline Chisholm, a social worker and supporter of women's immigration. It is covers an area of 65 km2 in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne. In the 1980's it was based on the suburb of Camberwell, but later changes have moved it south-east to Box Hill, Burwood and parts of Clayton. 

The first member for Chisholm, Sir Wilfrid Kent Hughes, was one of Australia's most important soldiers, who held the seat until his death on 31 July 1970. Anna Burke was the Speaker of the House of Representatives during 2013.


Paint.net

paint.net is a free software picture maker. Rick Brewster wrote the program as a student project at Washington State University. It was a simple replacement for Microsoft Paint. There have been many versions of the program and it has become more powerful. Users can create logos. They can also edit photographs, making them bigger or smaller, changing colors. Users can also change the file format of an image.


Division of Corangamite

The Division of Corangamite is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for Lake Corangamite. 

It covers an area of 7624 km2 in the Western District of Victoria. It has always included Colac, but now most of its voters live in the southern suburbs of Geelong and coastal towns including Anglesea and Queenscliff. 

Corangamite was identified as the most marginal seat in Australia for the 2013 election. It only needed a swing of 0.3% to change to the Liberal Party. The Liberals received a swing of 4.22% and won the seat.

Famous members include James Scullin who later became Prime Minister of Australia, and Richard Crouch who gave the money to set up the Prime Ministers Avenue in the Ballarat Botanical Gardens. Tony Street held a number of important roles in the Fraser Government including Minister for Foreign Affairs.


Division of Corio

The Division of Corio is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for Corio Bay. It covers an area of 989 km2 based on the city of Geelong. In the past it has also included parts of the western suburbs of Melbourne.

Its famous members include Richard Crouch who was the youngest member of the first parliament, and later gave money to set up the Prime Ministers Avenue in the Ballarat Botanical Gardens. Richard Casey, a leading Cabinet member in the 1930s and later Governor-General. Hubert Opperman was a former cycling champion and a minister in the Menzies Government. Gordon Scholes was Speaker during the Whitlam Government and a minister in the Hawke Government. In 2007, Labor party changed its candidate for the next election. Gavan O'Connor resigned and sat as an independent and unsuccessfully stood in the 2007 election. Richard Marles was ACTU Assistant Secretary and Minister for Trade in the Rudd Government. In 2022, following the election of the Albanese Labor government, Marles became Deputy Prime Minister.


Lee Kyu-wan

Lee Kyu-wan (, 1862 – 1946) was a Korean military leader and a politician during the Joseon dynasty. He was involved in the Gapsin Coup, He was a follower of Park Young-hyo and Seo Jae-pil.

Lee Kyu-wan was born in Kwangju or Paju. His family was 16th generation descended from Sejong the Great and Queen Soheon, but they were of a disgraced line. He lived off the benefits of Park Young-hyo, who was the son-in-law of Emperor Choljong of Joseon.

In 1883, Lee went to study in Japan, with the support of Park Young-hyo and Seo Jae-pil. He graduated in August 1884, and returned to Korea. On 4 December, he participated in the Gapsin Coup. he was Killing to Han Kyu-jik other some Senior officials But the coup lasted only three days, and then failed. Lee escaped by boat to Japan. In 1894, he was given a royal pardon and returned to Korea.

In June 1895, Lee was accused of being involved in Park Young-hyo's attempted assassination of Queen Myongseong. He again escaped to Japan, with Park. In 1907, he was given another royal pardon and returned to Korea. He was appointed a vice-member of the Privy Council. In November, he was made Governor of Gangwon Province. He was reappointed as governor in 1910 after the Japanese military took over Korea. In 1917, he was appointed governor of South Hangyong. He resigned in 1924.



Division of Deakin

The Division of Deakin is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It is named for Alfred Deakin, was the Prime Minister of Australia three times. Set up in 1937, it covers an area of 70 km2 in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne. Once a rural area is now includes the suburbs of Blackburn, Forest Hill, Mitcham, Nunawading, and Ringwood.


Division of Dunkley

The Division of Dunkley is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up in 1984 and is named for Louisa Margaret Dunkley, a trade unionist and campaigner for equal pay for women. It covers an area of 140 km2 in the southern suburbs of Melbourne. It includes Frankston, Mornington and Mount Eliza.

In 2013 Bruce Billson became the Minister for Small Business in the Abbott Government.


Arrondissements of the Ariège department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Ariège department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Ariège are:

Since its creation, the Ariège department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Foix

The arrondissement of Foix is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Ariège "département". Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Foix.

When the Ariège department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Foix was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Foix has the Pamiers "arrondissement" to the north, the Aude department to the east, the Pyrénées-Orientales department to the southeast, Andorra to the south, Spain to the southwest and the Saint-Girons "arrondissement" to the west.

It is the largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but it is the second in population, after Pamiers, with 51,473 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Foix, there are 4 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Haute-Ariège, Foix, Pays d'Olmes and Sabarthès as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Foix has 135 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Division of Gellibrand

The Division of Gellibrand is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. Created in 1949, it is named after Joseph Gellibrand, a lawyer and explorer. It covers an area of 102 km² in the inner western suburbs of Melbourne. It includes Footscray, Maidstone, Newport, Altona and Williamstown.

Famous members have included Ralph Willis, a Cabinet minister in the Hawke and Keating Governments. Nicola Roxon was a Cabinet minister in the first Rudd Government and the Gillard Government. She was Australia's first female Attorney General.


William Adelin

William Adelin (1103–1120), sometimes Atheling , was the Duke of Normandy and heir apparent to the crown of England. 

William, born in 1103, was the only son of Henry I of England and his wife Matilda of Scotland. He was nicknamed Adelin meaning crown prince as he was the heir apparent to the throne. Henry of Huntingdon said of young William that he was full of pride and was arrogant. The historian William of Malmesbury quotes him as saying of the English: "if he came to reign over them, he would make them draw the plough like oxen." Henry arranged a marriage for his young son to Matilda of Anjou. She was the eldest daughter of Count Fulk V of Anjou in February 1113 near Alençon. But Fulk agreed to this without the permission of the king of France.

During king Henry I's lifetime William was invested by Henry as Duke of Normandy. But this was a title he held more in name than practice. Henry made William the duke when he was pressed by the king of France, Louis VI, to pledge his fealty. Henry as a king himself thought this was beneath him so in 1115 he offered to have William do this in his place. The offer was at first refused. But, later after a period of war Louis accepted him. William did homage to Louis VI in the middle of 1120. 

William's mother Queen Matilda served as Henry's in England while he was away in Normandy. After her death in 1118 William was old enough to serve as regent which he did for a year. It is clear that a group of Henry's advisors were there to help both Matilda and William.

In 1119, William and Matilda of Anjou married. The ceremony took place in June at the cathedral of Lisieux. The lordship of Maine was to be Matilda's dowry.

William died in the White Ship tragedy of 25 November 1120. The "White Ship" was a newer vessel and her captain was Thomas FitzStephen. He offered to let Henry I of England use it to return to England from Barfleur in Normandy. Henry had already arranged his passage but allowed his son William Adelin and many other nobles to use the White Ship. 
According to Orderic Vitalis William Adelin and his friends were drinking liberally and allowed the ship's crew to have drink also. By the time the ship was ready to leave there were about 300 people on board. Told to overtake the king's ship the captain set sail after dark. But the ship soon hit a rock in the harbor and quickly sank. William Adelin got into a small boat to escape but turned back to help his half-sister, Matilda, Countess of Perche. When others tried to climb into the boat it was swamped and sank. William and all of his companions died.

William's wife was on another ship at the time of the disaster, and survived him. Henry I kept her in England in hopes of marrying her to a nobleman. He wanted to control the county of Maine through her. But her father returned from Jerusalem a year later. He demanded she be returned to Anjou. But Henry refused. Eventually Henry sent her home. She returned to Anjou where she became a nun. Eventually she became Abbess of Fontevrault.

The sinking of the White ship was tremendous loss for Henry. His only son and heir was lost. Several of Henry's illegitimate children were lost as well. The remaining 300 who drowned were among the richest and best known of the nobility of the day. It was the worst maritime disaster of the Middle Ages. 

William Adelin's body was never found meaning there could be no funeral and no tomb. Henry's good fortune took a turn for the worse. Since William Adelin had died and his wife eventually returned to Anjou, Henry's alliance with her father was now cancelled. Henry quickly remarried to Adeliza, the daughter of Godfrey, Duke of Brabant. Although still a teenager she became a popular queen. Even so they never had any children so Henry's attempt to have a male heir to succeed him died with William Adelin.

Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist)

"This group should not be confused with the Australian Labor Party (Non-Communist), which was a name used by supporters of New South Wales Premier Jack Lang in the 1930s."

The Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist) (ALP-AC) was the name used by the right-wing group which split away from the Australian Labor Party in 1955. It later became the Democratic Labor Party in 1957.

In April 1955, seven Victorian federal MPs and eighteen state Members of Parliament were expelled from the ALP. They formed the ALP-AC under the influence of B. A. Santamaria. Only one state MP was elected at the next elections, while five Legislative Council members were not re-elected when their terms expired in 1958. The seven federal MPs were:


Frank McManus was elected to the Senate for Victoria and former ALP senator George Cole was re-elected to the Senate for Tasmania. Later Frank Scully gained the seat of Richmond in the Victorian Legislative Assembly in the May 1955 Victorian election.

The members of the ALP (Anti-Communist) were mostly Roman Catholic. There were only two non-Catholics, its federal leader, Bob Joshua, who represented Ballarat in the Australian House of Representatives, and Jack Little, who led the party in the Victoria Legislative Council between 1955 and 1958. It has been suggested that the party was mainly people of Irish background, and the ALP split of 1955 was the removal of the Irish-Catholics from the ALP. However, many ALP (Anti-Communist) members were not Irish. The party attracted many voters among migrants from Catholic countries in southern Europe, and among anti-Communist Eastern European refugees. In 1957, the party became the Democratic Labor Party, which closed in 1978.

Division of Bass

The Division of Bass is an Australian electoral division in Tasmania. It was set up in 1903 and is named for the explorer George Bass. It covers an area of 7378 km² around the city of Launceston. It includes the towns of Bell Bay, Bridport, George Town, Hadspen, Lilydale, Ringarooma, Scottsdale and Flinders Island.

Lance Barnard was Deputy Prime Minister in the Whitlam Government.


Division of Braddon

The Division of Braddon is an Australian electoral division in Tasmania. It was set up in 1955 and is named for Sir Edward Braddon, a Premier of Tasmania and one of Tasmania's five original federal MPs. It covers an area of 20,826 km² in the north-western part of Tasmania. It includes the cities of Burnie and Devonport, and various towns including Ulverstone, Penguin and Wynyard.


Division of Denison

The Division of Denison was an Australian electoral division in Tasmania. It was set up in 1903 and was named for Sir William Denison, the Lieutenant Governor of Van Diemen's Land 1847-55 and Governor of New South Wales 1855–61. It covered an area of 289 km² around central Hobart. It included the suburbs of Glenorchy, New Town and Taroona. It was abolished in 2019 and replaced by the Division of Clark.

Sir Philip Fysh was a member of the first federal Cabinet. Athol Townley was the Minister for Defence in the Menzies Government. Townley resigned in 1964 when he was named Ambassador to the United States, but he died before taking up the appointment. Andrew Wilkie resigned from his position in an Australian intelligence agency. He believed that information was being misrepresented by the Howard Government for political purposes during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Denison has had 16 different members, the most of any federal electorate.



Hanshin Tigers

The Hanshin Tigers are a Japanese baseball team. They are based in the Kansai region in central Japan.


Pontic Mountains

The Pontic Mountains are a mountain range in Turkey. They are in northern Anatolia, close to the southern coast of the Black Sea. The coastal region here is called Pontus.


Oona O'Neill

Oona, Lady Chaplin (née O'Neill) (14 May 1925 – 27 September 1991) was the fourth wife and later widow of British comic and filmmaker Sir Charles "Charlie" Chaplin. She was the daughter of Nobel and Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Eugene O'Neill and writer Agnes Boulton.

In 1954, she gave up her American citizenship and became a British citizen. 

SpongeBob's Last Stand

"SpongeBob's Last Stand" is the 134 episode of the seventh season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It originally aired on April 22, 2010, in celebration of Earth Day. The episode was written by Aaron Springer, Steven Banks, and Derek Iversen, and was directed by Andrew Overtoom and Tom Yasumi. Upon release, the episode met positive reviews. On March 16, 2010, the episode became available on DVD.

Tim M. Babcock

Timothy Milford "Tim" Babcock (October 27, 1919 – April 7, 2015) was an American politician. He was the 16th Governor of the U.S. state of Montana. He served as Governor from 1962 to 1969.

Babcock was born in Littlefork, Minnesota on October 27, 1919. He graduated from Dawson County High School in 1939. He married Betty Lee on September 21, 1941, and they had two children. Babcock was married to Betty Lee from 1941 until her death in 2013.

Babcock died in Helena, Montana, aged 95.


Joseph Cotten

Joseph Cheshire Cotten (May 15, 1905 – February 6, 1994) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Citizen Kane" (1941), "The Magnificent Ambersons" (1942), "Shadow of a Doubt" (1943), "Duel in the Sunand", "Journey into Fear" (1943), "Love Letters" (1945), "Portrait of Jennie" (1948) and "The Third Man" (1949).

Cotten was born in Petersburg, Virginia on May 15, 1905. He was married to Lenore Kipp from 1931 until her death in 1960. Then he was married to Patricia Medina from 1960 until his death in 1994. Cotten died on February 6, 1994 from pneumonia caused by throat cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 88.


Gail Kobe

Gail Kobe (March 19, 1931 – August 1, 2013) was an American actress and producer. She was known for appearing in over 50 television programs and for producing the television series "The Bold and the Beautiful". Her career began in 1950. She retired in 1990.

Kobe was born on March 19, 1931 in Hamtramck, Michigan. She lived in Southern California. Kobe died on August 1, 2013 in Michigan from natural causes, aged 82.

Lavasoa dwarf lemur

The Lavasoa dwarf lemur ("Cheirogaleus lavasoensis") is a newly discovered primate. It is a small nocturnal species of lemur found on Madagascar. It lives in three small, isolated patches of forest on the southern slopes of the Lavasoa Mountains in southern Madagascar. Fewer than 50 individuals are thought to exist. Its habitat lies in a transitional zone between three ecoregions: dry spiny bush, humid littoral forest (near and in water), and humid forest. 

It was first collected in 2001, and was thought to be a subpopulation of the furry-eared dwarf lemur ("C. crossleyi"). It was not formally described until 2013. It is one of six species of dwarf lemur. The research also suggested the existence of other new species.

North–South divide in the United Kingdom

In Great Britain, the term North–South divide refers to the economic and cultural differences that some people notice between Southern England and the rest of Great Britain (Northern England, Wales and Scotland). The divide cuts through the English Midlands.

William Orpen

Sir William Newenham Montague Orpen KBE RA (27 November 1878 – 29 September 1931) was an Irish portrait painter, who worked mainly in London. He was an official war artist during World War I.

Most of these works, 138 in all, he gave to the British Government. They have simple white frames and are kept together in the Imperial War Museum in London. For his war work, he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 1918 King's birthday honours list.

Otherwise, Orpen was seen at his best in personal family portraits. 

Atrium

An atrium is a large open space inside a building. The term goes back to Ancient Rome, where certain houses were built with a large empty space in the center.

Mac App Store

The Mac App Store is an application that lets Apple Macintosh users download other applications ("apps") to their computer. In June 2013, the Mac App Store had more than 15,300 applications.

The store was announced by Apple on October 20, 2010 alongside OS X Lion. People were able to send the apps they had made to Apple from November 3, 2010 so they would be included in the App Store when it was released.

The Mac App Store was released on January 6, 2011 as an update to all users using the newest version of OS X. After 24 hours of release, Apple announced that there was a total of more than one million downloads. It launched with over 1000 programs on January 6, 2011, including Apple's own "Work '09", "iLife '11", "Aperture" and apps made by other companies that were first made for the iPhone and iPad, such as "Angry Birds", "Flight Control", and Twitter for Mac. Most of the apps were games. "Angry Birds", a popular video game on the iOS App Store, was the number one paid app on the Mac App Store on the first day.

Before an app is added to the store, it is first checked by Apple to make sure it is a useful app and does not break any of the App Store rules. Apps in the store are not allowed to:


Apple regularly uses the store to sell its own software. Some examples of software provided by Apple through the App Store are:



Black cockatoo

Black cockatoo is general term for cockatoos that are mainly black. It may include:


Kota Baru

Kota Baru, also spelled Kota Bharu, is the capital of the Malaysian state of Kelantan.

Malacca City

Melaka City, formerly known as Malacca City, is the capital of the Malaysian state of Melaka.


Johor Bahru

Johor Bahru (also spelled Johor Baharu, Johor Baru, or Johore Bahru; shortly as JB) is the capital city of Johor, Malaysia. Pasir Pelangi, the royal village, is located in Johor Bahru.

The city in itself has a population of 1,334,188 as of 2010. The metropolitan area of Johor Bahru, also known as Iskandar Malaysia, has a population of 1,730,000.



Kuala Terengganu

Kuala Terengganu is the capital of the Malaysian state of Terengganu.

Kuantan

Kuantan is the capital of the Malaysian state of Pahang.

Kuching

Kuching is the capital of the Malaysian state of Sarawak. The first planetarium in Malaysia is in Kuching.

Shah Alam

Shah Alam is the capital of the Malaysian state of Selangor.

George Town, Penang

Georgetown is the capital of the Malaysian state of Penang.

Ipoh

Ipoh is the capital of the Malaysian state of Perak.

Alor Setar

Alor Setar, also known as Alor Star, is the capital of the Malaysian state of Kedah.And it is the second largest city in kedah behind sungai petani

Kangar

Kangar is the capital of the Malaysian state of Perlis.

Baku Stock Exchange

The Baku Stock Exchange (BSE) () is the main stock exchange of Azerbaijan. It is in the city's capital, Baku. The Baku Stock Exchange was established in 2000. It started its operations the same year on February 15 with the first transaction. The stock exchange is owned by its own members, who are shareholders. The current head of the stock exchange is Emin Aliyev, who is the Chairperson of the Board of directors.


Junkers Ju 52

The Junkers Ju 52 is a civilian and military German aircraft. It was designed and built during in Nazi Germany as airliner and transport aircraft. The Luftwaffe used this plane widely during World War II. After the war, it was built in France as AAC-1 Toucan and in Spain as Casa 352. The Armée de l'Air used it in the Algeria War to transport French troops, like the Légion Étrangère.

The Junkers Ju 52 is a 3 engine aircraft built with metal. It can carry between 15 and 20 passengers. The first flight was in 1931 and introduction in 1932.

Lufhtansa was its main airline. More than 4800 were built.

Dassault Flamant

The Dassault Flamant is a French military aircraft. It is a twin-engine light transport and training aircraft. The first flight was in 1947 and introduction in 1949. Armée de l'Air was the main operator, but some were used by the Vietnam Air Force in the Vietnam War for transport.

Leksand

Leksand is a locality in the county of Dalarna in Sweden. It is the seat of Leksand Municipality.

Leksand Church

Leksand Church () is a church building in Leksand in Sweden. It belongs to Leksand Parish of the Church of Sweden. 

Rättvik Church

Rättvik Church () is a church building in Rättvik in Sweden. It belongs to Rättvik Parish of the Church of Sweden.

Rättvik

Rättvik is a locality in the county of Dalarna in Sweden. It is the seat of Rättvik Municipality.

Swedish Ice Hockey Association

The Swedish Ice Hockey Association () is the governing body for the sport of ice hockey, and nowadays even inline hockey, in Sweden. It was established on 17 November 1922.

Following persons have been chairmen.



Theodor Herzl

Theodor Herzl (, "Ti'vadar Hertzel"; ; May 2, 1860 – July 3, 1904) was the founder of the modern political Zionism that established the modern state of Israel. He died of cardiac sclerosis in 1904 in Austria. He was buried in Mount Herzl, which was named for him. Until 1949, Mount Herzl was the only National Military and Police Cemetery. After 1951 the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel (Helkat Gdolei Ha'Uma) was opened beside his grave in the Southern side of Mount Herzl. Also a section for his family graves was built near Mount Herzl Plaza and his grave.


Arrondissement of Pamiers

The arrondissement of Pamiers is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Ariège "département". Its capital is the city of Pamiers.

When the Ariège department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Pamiers was part of that original department, but it was eliminated in 1926. In 1942, Pamiers was made again an "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Pamiers is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Ariège department. It has the Haute-Garonne department to the west and north, the Aude department to the east, the Arrondissement of Foix to the south and the Saint-Girons "arrondissement" to the southwest.

It is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , and the one with more people living in it with 73,702 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Pamiers, there are 5 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Arize-Lèze, Mirepoix, Pamiers-1, Pamiers-2 and Portes d'Ariège as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Pamiers has 115 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Girons

The arrondissement of Saint-Girons is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Ariège "département". Its capital is the city of Saint-Girons.

When the Ariège department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Girons was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Girons is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the Ariège department. It has the Haute-Garonne department to the west and north, the Pamiers "arrondissement" to the northeast, the Arrondissement of Foix to the east and Spain to the south.

It is the second in area, after Foix, of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but it is the one with fewest people living in it with 27,399 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Girons, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Couserans Ouest and the Portes du Couserans (28 "communes") as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Girons has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


China National Highways

China National Highways () are the highways across China.


Urban Expressways (Japan)


Colon Cemetery

Colon Cemetery is the national cemetery of Cuba. It is in the center of Havana. Building of the cemetery started in 1871. It opened in 1886 with a chapel in the center of the cemetery. the cemetery also has memorials and monuments.


Anjou

Anjou () is a former county, duchy (1360) and province centred on the city of Angers in the lower Loire Valley of western France. Its traditional Latin name was "Andegavia".

Anjou, or then the Angevin march (border lands) formed the border between Neustria and Aquitaine. It also bordered between Neustria and Brittany. Sitting on a black slate rock was the Roman of Angers. It guarded the rivers Mayenne and Loire that flowed around it.

The founder or first count of Anjou was Ingelger.

Anjou became a part of England from 1151-1199, when Henry II inherited the county. He became the Count of Anjou in addition to his other titles. His (third) son Richard the Lionheart became count after his father. At the peak of its power the Angevin Empire spread from Ulster to the Pyrenees. Richard had no legitimate issue, so in 1199 Anjou passed to his nephew, Arthur of Brittany. He was the son of Geoffrey, Duke of Brittany. The Crown of England passed to Henry II’s fifth son and Richard’s youngest brother, John. Arthur was taken prisoner by King John in 1203 and was never seen again. In 1204, Anjou was taken back by Philip II of France. It was later elevated to a duchy for Prince Louis, the second son of John II of France. It remained a duchy until the French Revolution. Today, Anjou corresponds largely to the present-day "département" of Maine-et-Loire.

Transfiguration

The Transfiguration is an event in the life of Jesus Christ described in the Gospel of Luke, Gospel of Matthew, and Gospel of Mark. The disciples go up a mountain with Jesus. He begins to shine, and meets with Moses and Elijah. A voice from a cloud says, "this is my beloved Son: hear him" (Luke 9:35).


National People's Army

The National People's Army (NPA; , "NVA") was the armed forces of East Germany.

The NPA was founded on 1 March 1956. It developed from the "Kasernierte Volkspolizei" (Barracked People's Police), which was started in 1952. Serving with the army was voluntary at first. Conscription was introduced on 24 January 1962. Conscription was for male citizens between the ages of 18 and 26. If they were selected, they had to serve in the NPA for 18 months. The NVA was at its largest in 1987. It had about 175,000 soldiers at this time.

The NVA was modeled on Soviet military philosophy. Its leadership and operations were governed by the officer corp. The non-commissioned officer corps was limited in terms of authority and responsibility, unlike in the West German army. There were also political officers throughout the NVA, whose job it was to guarantee the loyalty of the military to the ruling political party.

The NVA was made up of four main branches:

The NVA also had a large number of reserve and paramilitary forces. These could be called to serve during a crisis.

The NVA was merged into the Bundeswehr in October 1990 upon the reunification of Germany. The merging of the two German militaries was not done equally. Many non-commissioned officers and almost all commissioned officers were not accepted into the Bundeswehr. Instead, they were discharged from service. Those who were given a place in the Bundeswehr were usually demoted by one rank. Most of the barracks were closed and much of the NVA's equipment was sold or donated to other nations.

Serse

Serse (English: Xerxes) is an opera seria in three acts with music by George Frideric Handel. The Italian libretto was written by Silvio Stampiglia. The opera was first performed in London on 15 April 1738. The opera was a failure. It closed after only five performances. The first aria in the opera, "Ombra mai fu", is very famous. It is sometimes known as "Handel's Largo".

Land Forces of the National People's Army

The Land Forces of the National People's Army () was the ground-based military branch of the National People's Army. It was the largest branch, with 120,000 soldiers.

The "LaSK" had a peacetime organisation since 1972 under the command of the "Kommando Landstreitkräfte". Its largest formations during peacetime were Military Districts III and V. 

In addition to Military Districts III and V, additional artillery and support units, as well as paratroopers of the Luftsturmregiment 40 (Prior to 1986, the 40. Fallschirmjägerbataillon), were also under direct command of the "Kdo. LaSK".

In wartime, both military districts would have been transformed into armies under Soviet high command.

Order of battle (1986-1990):







Volksmarine

The Volksmarine () was the navy of East Germany. It was a part of the National People's Army, established in 1956.

Buddy Scott

Kenneth "Buddy" Scott (January 9, 1935 – February 5, 1994) was an American blues guitarist.

Scott was born in Goodman, Mississippi on January 9, 1935. His family came from Chicago, Illinois. Buddy formed a group called Scotty and the Rib Tips and recorded several singles late in the 1960s. They played locally in Chicago blues establishments for over a generation.

Scott signed a recording contract with Verve in 1993, and released his debut major-label release, "Bad Avenue", that year, but died of stomach cancer in Chicago, Illinois, not long after the album's release.

Barrett Deems

Barrett Deems (March 1, 1914 – September 15, 1998) was an American swing music jazz drummer.

Deems was born in Springfield, Illinois on March 1, 1914. 

He was probably best known for his work with jazz musicians Jimmy Dorsey, Louis Armstrong (he performed as part of Armstrong's band in the 1956 musical "High Society"), Red Norvo, and Muggsy Spanier.

Deems died of pneumonia in Chicago, in September 1998, at the age of 84.


Peter Novick

Peter Novick (July 26, 1934 – February 17, 2012) was an American historian. He was best known for writing "" and the "American Historical Profession" and "The Holocaust in American Life". The latter title has also been published as The Holocaust and Collective Memory, especially for non-US anglophonic markets.

Novick was born on July 26, 1934 in Jersey City, New Jersey. He died on February 17, 2012 from lung cancer in Chicago, Illinois, aged 77.

Junior Wells

Junior Wells (Amos Wells Blakemore Jr.; December 9, 1934January 15, 1998), born Amos Wells Blakemore Jr., was an American Chicago blues vocalist, harmonica player, and recording artist. Wells was best known for his performances and recordings with Muddy Waters, Earl Hooker and Buddy Guy. He also performed with Bonnie Raitt, The Rolling Stones, and Van Morrison.

Wells was born Amos Wells Blakemore Jr. on December 9, 1934 in Memphis, Tennessee. He was raised in West Memphis, Arkansas. 

Wells continued performing until he was diagnosed with cancer in the summer of 1997. That fall, he suffered a heart attack while undergoing treatment, sending him into a coma.

Wells died in Chicago, Illinois from lymphoma on January 15, 1998, and was interred in the Oak Woods Cemetery, Greater Grand Crossing, Chicago.


Filippo Taglioni

Filippo Taglioni (5 November 1777 – 11 February 1871) was an Italian choreographer of the 19th century. His greatest work was the ballet, "La Sylphide". Most of his work has been lost. He taught his daughter, Marie Taglioni to dance. She became one of the greatest ballerinas in history.

Auguste Vestris

Marie-Jean-Augustin Vestris (27 March 1760 – 5 December 1842) was a French dancer and choreographer. 

Vestris was born in Paris, the son of Gaetano Vestris and his mistress, the dancer Marie Allard. He was taught by his father, and made his debut in 1772 in the divertissement "La Cinquantaine". He scored his first great success the following year as Amor in his father's ballet "Endymion".
Vestris was appointed a soloist at the Paris Opéra in 1776, "premier danseur" in 1778, and "premier sujet de la danse" in 1780. He performed in the first production of Jean-Georges Noverre's "Les Petits Rien" and in Christoph Willibald Gluck's "Alceste". 

In 1780, he began a successful association with the King's Theatre in London. He performed there for more than ten years. He choreographed several ballets for the theatre including "The Nymphs of Diana" (1781), "Le Premier Navigateur" (1786), dances in Grétry's opera "L'Épreuve villageoise" (1786), and "Les Folies d'Espagne" (1791). He and his father were so famous that Parliament stopped sitting to see them dance. He left his wife shortly after the birth of their son Armand. 

He taught many of the famous dancers of the age. Among his pupils were Marius Petipa, Fanny Elssler, August Bournonville, Marie Taglioni and Jules Perrot. 

Vestris retired in 1816 from the Paris Opéra. In 1835, at the age of 75, he danced a minuet at the Opéra with Taglioni. He died in 1842, and is buried in Paris in Montmartre Cemetery.

Vestris had extraordinary elevation and a dazzling virtuoso technique. Vestris was vain, arrogant and rude. The Opéra only tolerated his bad behavior for 35 years because of his great talent.

Division of Franklin

The Division of Franklin is an Australian electoral division in Tasmania. It was set up in 1903 and is named for Sir John Franklin, the polar explorer and Lt Governor of Van Diemen's Land 1843–46. It is covers an area of 6514 km² in southern Tasmania. This includes the Hobart suburbs of Bridgewater, Cygnet, Kingston, Lauderdale as well as Bruny Island.

Harry Quick was forced out of the ALP for not paying his membership fees, and for not supporting the new candidate selected to replace him when he retired. Julie Collins was a minister in both Gillard Government and the second Rudd Government.


Division of Lyons

The Division of Lyons is an Australian electoral division in Tasmania. It was set up in 1984 is named for Joseph Lyons, Prime Minister of Australia 1931-39, Member for Wilmot from 1929 to 1939, and his wife Dame Enid Lyons. Dame Enid was the first woman elected to the Australian House of Representatives in 1943 and the first female member of Cabinet (1949–51).

It is covers an area of 32,910 km² central Tasmania, stretching from the eastern to western coasts and includes such places as New Norfolk, Deloraine and St Marys.


Central Bank of Azerbaijan

The Central Bank of Azerbaijan () is the central bank of Azerbaijan. The headquarters of the bank is in the capital city Baku. The bank has regional branch offices in Nakhchivan, Ganja, Yevlakh, Khachmaz, Goychay and Bilasuvar.

The bank was first established on September 16, 1919 shortly after the establishment of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic on May 28, 1918. It was closed when Azerbaijan was occupied and annexed by the Soviet Union, and was established again in February 11, 1992 after the Soviet Union ended and Azerbaijan became independent again on October 18, 1991.

The main tasks of the Central Bank of Azerbaijan are:

The Executive Board is made up of the Governor, who is the Chairperson of the Board of directors, and 4 members who are appointed by the President of Azerbaijan and the National Assembly of Azerbaijan. The current governor is Elman Rustamov.


Harbin International Snow and Ice Festival

The Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival (or simply Harbin Ice Festival) is a festival held every year in Harbin, China. It involves ice sculptures and winter activities. The festival exhibits open from late December to late February.

The festival has been held since 1963. It started as a local traditional ice lantern show and garden party during Chinese Spring Festival.

The festival was stopped for a number of years during the Cultural Revolution. It was resumed on 5 January 1985, when the Harbin city government hosted it at Zhaolin Park. It was then announced as an annual event. In 2001, the festival was merged with Heilongjiang International Ski Festival and got its current formal name. The Harbin Ice Festival is one of the world's top ice and snow festivals. It attracts a growing number of visitors from around the world.

The festival has a series of shows at theme parks and ice activities on the Songhua River. 


Division of Gippsland

The Division of Gippsland is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the Gippsland region of eastern Victoria, which in turn is named for Sir George Gipps, Governor of New South Wales 1838–46. It covers an area of 35,054 km² including the towns of Bairnsdale, Morwell, Sale and Traralgon.

Peter McGauran held several ministerial postions in the Howard Government


Division of Goldstein

The Division of Goldstein is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up in 1984. It is named for Vida Goldstein, the first woman in the British Empire to stand for election to parliament. It covers an area of 50 km² in the bayside suburbs of Melbourne, including Beaumaris, Bentleigh, Brighton and Sandringham.

Andrew Robb was the Federal Director of the Liberal Party from 1990-1997. He served as Minister for Vocational and Further Education in the Howard Government, and Minister for Trade and Investment in the Abbott Government.


Linear independence

Linear independence is a concept from linear algebra. It is used to talk about vector spaces. Each vector space has a null vector. This vector is expressed as a linear combination (a sum) of other vectors. A set of these vectors is called "linearly independent" if and only if all of them are needed to express this null vector. This is equivalent to saying that at least one of the vectors can be expressed as a linear combination of the others. If the vectors are not linearly independent, they are called "linearly dependent".

As an example, take the three-dimensional Euclidean space:
Here the first three vectors are linearly independent; but the fourth vector equals nine times the first plus five times the second plus four times the third, so the four vectors together are linearly dependent. Linear dependence is a property of the family, not of any particular vector; for example in this case we could just as well write the first vector as a linear combination of the last three.

Division of Blair

The Division of Blair is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. Created in 1998, it is named after Harold Blair, an Aboriginal singer and civil rights campaigner. It covers an area of 6,409 km² west of Brisbane and includes Kilcoy, Toogoolawah, Esk, Cominya, Lowood, Fernvale, Ipswich, Minden, Marburg, Rosewood, and Walloon.

During the 2007 election campaign Blair received more funding promises from the Howard Government than any other electorate in the country.


Mary Kom

Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom (b. 1 March 1983) is an Indian boxer. Kom is a member of the Kom tribe of north-east India. She was born in Kangathei, Churachandpur, Manipur. 

Since childhood, Kom has liked athletics boxing and was good at them. She became interested in boxing after watching Dingko Singh in 2000. That same year, she began training with M. Narjit Singh (Manipur State Boxing Coach) at Khuman Lampak, Imphal.

Kom has won the World Boxing championship five times in a row. She is the only woman to get a medal and trophy in all six world championships. She is also the only Indian woman to qualify for boxing in the 2012 London Olympics. At the 2013 Games, she competed in the flyweight category 51kg and won a bronze medal. She had also been ranked as No. 1 AIBA World Women's Ranking Light Flyweight category.

Kom is married to K Onler Kom. They have twin sons named Rechungvar and Khupneivar. She lives with her family in Manipur.

Count of Anjou

Count of Anjou was a title first given to Ingelger. His male line ended with Geoffrey II of Anjou. The next line of counts of Anjou were descended from Geoffrey's sister Ermengarde-Blanche and her husband Geoffrey II, Count of Gâtinais. Their descendants include the Plantagenet kings of England.



In 1204, Anjou was lost to king Philip II of France. It was re-granted as an appanage for Louis VIII's son John. He died in 1232 at the age of thirteen. Anjou was then given to Louis's youngest son, Charles. He later became the king of Sicily.


In 1290, Margaret married Charles of Valois, the younger brother of king Philip IV of France. He became Count of Anjou in her right.

Ingelger

Ingelger (or Ingelgarius) († ) was a Frankish nobleman who became the first count of Anjou. He began a known as House of Ingelger. 

Ingelger was the son of a Frankish nobleman Tertullus and his wife Petronilla. She was the niece of Raino, Bishop of Angers. Petronilla was also a relative of Hugh the Abbot, an counselor to both Louis II and Louis III of France. His mother's influence was one of the reasons for Ingelger's success. Records of the time call Ingelger a "miles optimus" (a great military man). Louis II appointed Ingelger as viscount of Orléans which at the time was under the rule of the Bishop of Orléans. While at Orléans Ingelger married Adelais. Later Ingelger was appointed prefect (military commander) at Tours. Some time after this Ingelger was made Count of Anjou. At this time the county went only as far west as the Mayenne River. He was buried in the church of Saint-Martin at Châteauneuf-sur-Sarthe. 

Ingelger married Adelis, a close relative of Raino, Bishop of Angers. He was succeeded by their son:


Tyndall effect

The Tyndall effect is when light is scattered by particles of matter in its path. It makes a beam of light visible by lighting the particles.

Under the Tyndall effect, the longer-wavelength light is more transmitted while the shorter-wavelength light is more reflected by scattering. In effect, blue light is scattered much more strongly than red light.

The blue of a clear sky, and the blue of blue eyes is caused by the Tyndall effect, not by a pigment. Its named after John Tyndall. 
Tyndall effect can also be observed when sunlight passes through the canopy of a dense forest. 
It happens due to the scattering of light by the particles of smoke and dust.

Bandai-Azuma Roadway


Mid-Sea Road

Mid-Sea Road is a road in Uruma, Okinawa in Japan. It connects two islands.


Arrondissements of the Pyrénées-Orientales department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Pyrénées-Orientales department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture. Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Pyrénées-Orientales are:

Since its creation, the Pyrénées-Orientales department, first with the name of Roussillon, has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Céret

The arrondissement of Céret is an arrondissement of France; it is the southermost "arrondissement" of Metropolitan France. It is part of the Pyrénées-Orientales "département". Its capital is the city of Céret.

The "arrondissement" of Céret is in the southeast of the department; it is the southernmost "arrondissement" of France.

When the Pyrénées-Orientales department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Céret was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Céret is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but it is the second in population, after the Perpignan "arrondissement", with 73,192 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Perpignan "arrondissement", to the east by the Mediterranean Sea, to the south by Spain, to the west and northwest by the Prades "arrondissement".

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Céret, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": La Côte Vermeille and Vallespir-Albères. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Céret has 40 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:



Arrondissement of Perpignan

The arrondissement of Perpignan is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Pyrénées-Orientales "département". Its capital is the city of Perpignan.

When the Pyrénées-Orientales department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Perpignan was part of that original department.

The arrondissement of Perpignan is in the northeast of the department; it is the second in area, after Prades, of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but it is the first in population with 349,959 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Aude department, to the east by the Mediterranean Sea, to the south by the Céret "arrondissement" and to the west by the Prades "arrondissement".

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Perpignan, there are 10 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement"; others have "communes" in other "arrondissements". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Perpignan has 86 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:

Arrondissement of Prades

The arrondissement of Prades is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Pyrénées-Orientales "département". Its capital is the city of Prades. It is the only arrondissement of the department without access to the Mediterranean Sea.

When the Pyrénées-Orientales department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Prades was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement of Prades" is in the southwest of the department and is the largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but it is the third in population, with 43,176 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Aude department, to the east by the "arrondissements" of Perpignan and Céret, to the south by Spain, to the southwest by Andorra and to the northwest by the Ariège department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Prades, only the Les Pyrénées catalanes canton has its 62 "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Prades has 100 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


East German mark

The East German mark was the official currency of East Germany from 1948 until 1990 when it was replaced by the Deutsche Mark.


Fulk I of Anjou

Fulk I of Anjou (870 – 942), called "the Red" (, ), was first the viscount of Anjou, then Count of Anjou until his death. He was the Count of Tours, Count of Nantes, and a lay abbot. Fulk increased the size of the county of Anjou as well as the prestige of his family. 

Born , Fulk was the son of Count Ingelger and Adelais de Amboise. 

He ruled the county of Anjou from to 942, first as Viscount then in 929 as Count. It is not known why there was a period of time between Ingelger's rule and his son Fulk's. In 899 he became Viscount of Tours and in 905, Count of Tours. About 900-918 he was Count of Nantes. He increased the territory of the county of Anjou. During his reign, he was permanently at war with the Normans and the Bretons. He lost Nantes to the Normans in 919. Normans and their Viking allies often invaded Brittany and Anjou. , Ingelger, Fulk's oldest son was killed defending Anjou against Norman attacks.

Fulk built important connections for his family. His wife's family helped secure his countship of Nantes. His son Guy became the Bishop of Soissons. Fulk also succeeded his , Warnerius, as lay abbot of Saint-Aubin. Fulk was lay abbot of St. Lézin as well. Through these many positions Fulk his family's status and fortune. Fulk I died .

Fulk married Roscille de Loches. She was the daughter of Warnerius (Widone),Seigneur de Loches, de Villentrois, & de la Haye, and his wife Tecandra. He and Roscille had: 


Charles University

Charles University is a university in Prague. It is one of the oldest universities in the world. King Charles IV signed an official letter to start the university on April 7, 1348.


Fanny Elssler

Fanny Elssler (23 June 1810 – 27 November 1884) was an Austrian ballerina of the Romantic period.

Wells Fargo

Wells Fargo is a global bank network based in California. They operate all across the world. Wells Fargo is the 4th largest bank in the United States. The bank was established in New York City in March of 1852. The founders of the bank system were Henry Wells and William Fargo, who had already made American Express.

Like many U.S. companies, the bank has a history of racism in its past. In 2008, Wells Fargo bought Wachovia, another bank, and took over its business. Wachovia also had a history of slavery and discrimination. 

Wells Fargo has been sued for discriminating in the loans it offers customers, like Bank of America and other global bank networks. On February 2, 2018, the US Federal Reserve Bank barred Wells Fargo from growing its nearly US$2 trillion-asset base any further, until Wells Fargo fixes its internal problems to the satisfaction of the Federal Reserve. 

In April 2018, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that the US Department of Labor had launched a probe into whether Wells Fargo was pushing its customers into more expensive retirement plans and into retirement funds managed by Wells Fargo itself. In May 2018, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that Wells Fargo's business banking group had improperly altered documents about business clients in 2017 and early 2018.

Division of Brand

The Division of Brand is an Australian electoral division in the state of Western Australia. The division was named after Sir David Brand, a former state premier. It was created in 1984 because of the large increase in population. It covers an area of 411 km² south of Perth. It includes the City of Kwinana, City of Rockingham and the northern section of the City of Mandurah.

According to the 2006 census, Brand is the electorate with the lowest proportion (12.6%) of residents with a university qualification.

Wendy Fatin was Minister for the Arts in the early 1990s. Kim Beazley was Minister for Defence in the Hawke Government, and Deputy Prime Minister to Paul Keating. He took over the seat in 1996. He had been the member for Swan but changes in the boundaries showed he would lose it. At the 1996 election, Beazley won Brand by just 387 votes. Gary Gray was Minister for Resources and Energy, Minister for Tourism and Minister for Small Business in the Rudd Government.


Aji Pangeran Tumenggung Pranoto Airport

Aji Pangeran Tumenggung Pranoto Airport or APT Pranoto Airport, also known as Sungai Siring Airport is the airport of Samarinda, Indonesia. It is in the Sungai Siring district of Samarinda. It is one of the leading airports in Kaltim, and it is the hub for Kaltim Airlines. It is the busiest airport in terms of passengers in Kaltim.

The airport has a railway system linking it to the city of Samarinda. It was designed by PT Waskita Karya. The aim of the airport was to increase traffic and capacity which the old Temindung Airport could not handle.

Morgan Stanley

Morgan Stanley is an American multinational bank club. Its headquarters is in Manhattan, New York. Morgan Stanley operates in over forty countries. The group was founded in 1935.

Division of Canning

The Division of Canning is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia. It was set up in 1949 and is named for Alfred Canning, the surveyor who set up the Canning Stock Route. It once covered country areas but now includes the outer southern suburbs of Perth. It includes the suburbs of Armadale, Mandurah, Kelmscott, Roleystone, Westfield and Wungong. It also includes Byford, Cardup, Dwellingup, Forrestdale, Halls Head, Jarrahdale, Mundijong, North Dandalup, Oakford, Pinjarra, Ravenswood, Serpentine, Waroona and Yunderup.


Bracket fungus

Bracket fungi, or shelf fungi, are among the many groups of fungi in the phylum Basidiomycota.

They produce shelf- or bracket-shaped fruiting bodies called conks. These lie in a close group of horizontal rows. Brackets can range from only a single row of a few caps, to dozens of rows of caps that can weigh several hundred pounds. They are mainly found on trees (living and dead) and woody debris. Some form annual fruiting bodies while others are perennial and grow larger year after year. Bracket fungi are usually tough and sturdy. Their spores, called basidiospores, are in pores on the undersurface.

Jelly fungus

Jelly fungi are a paraphyletic group of several fungal orders from different classes of the subphylum Agaricomycotina. The name comes from their form, or growth habit. Their fruiting body is foliose or irregularly branched. It looks like jelly. Actually, many are somewhat rubbery and gelatinous. When dried, jelly fungi become hard and shriveled; when exposed to water, they return to their original form.

Some jelly fungi can be eaten raw; poisonous jelly fungi are rare. However, many species have an unpalatable texture or taste. However, some species, "Tremella fuciformis" for example, are not only edible but prized for use in soup and vegetable dishes.

Stinkhorn

The stinkhorns are a family of fungi, the Phallaceae. Belonging to the fungal order Phallales, the Phallaceae have a worldwide distribution, but are especially common in tropical regions. Their mushrooms are foul-smelling, sticky spore masses, or gleba, on the end of a stalk.

Their mushroom distinguishes the Phallaceae from other families in the Phalalles. The spore mass smells of carrion or dung, and attracts flies and other insects to help disperse the spores. Although a great diversity of body structure shape exists between the various genera, all species in the Phallaceae begin their development as oval or round structures known as "eggs". According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 21 genera and 77 species.

Todd Graff

Todd Graff (October 22, 1959) is an American actor, writer, director, producer and former singer. He is best known for his independent movie "Camp". This was released in 2003, at the Sundance Film Festival. It was successfully shown at many festivals, including the Festival of New Films / New Directors of Lincoln Center, the Sydney Film Festival (where it won first prize), and the Provincetown Film Festival (where it won best film). Graff replaced recently departed Stephen Gustafson from The Electric Company in 1975.

Graff acted in movies such as "The Abyss" (1989). He also acted on stage in the Broadway musical "Baby". He was later able to build a reputation as a writer.

Second Battle of Bull Run

The Second Battle of Bull Run (also called the Battle of Second Manassas) was a battle during the American Civil War. It was fought from August 28 to August 30, 1862. It ended in a Confederate victory.

Union president Abraham Lincoln formed the Army of Virginia near Washington, D.C. in July 1862. He put Major General John Pope in command of the army. Lincoln wanted Pope to attack the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia.

Confederate General Robert E. Lee commanded the Army of Northern Virginia. He was trying to protect Richmond from another Union army on the Peninsula. The Union Army of the Potomac had just tried to capture Richmond a few weeks before but failed. Lee would be outnumbered if the two Union armies united. He moved his army north to fight Pope.

Lee planned to send Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson's corps to the rear of Pope's army. He wanted to surround Pope. Jackson camped near the Bull Run on August 28, where the First Battle of Bull Run was fought in 1861. Jackson attacked part of Pope's army on August 28 but was defeated.

Pope then tried to attack Jackson on August 29 and destroy his corps. All of the Union attacks failed. Lee arrived during the evening with James Longstreet's corps.

Pope tried to attack Jackson again on August 30 but again was defeated. Lee then attacked Pope and routed the Union army.

There were 13,826 Union casualties in the battle. Pope retreated back to Washington. His army was combined with the Army of the Potomac. Pope was sent to Minnesota after the battle.

There were 8,353 Confederate casualties in the battle. Lee decided to invade Maryland after the battle.

Cytotoxic T cell

A cytotoxic T cell is a type of white blood cell. It is a T lymphocyte which kills cancer cells, cells infected with viruses, or cells that are damaged in other ways.

Most cytotoxic T cells have T-cell receptors (TCRs) which recognize a specific antigen from a cancer cell or virus. 

Antigens inside a cell are brought to the surface of the cell by major histocompatibility complex molecules, where they can be recognized by the T cell. If the TCR is specific for that antigen, it binds to the complex of MHC molecule and antigen, and the T cell destroys the cell.

Lockheed C-141 Starlifter

The Lockheed C-141 Starlifter is a military US transport aircraft. It was used by US Air Force between 1965 and 2006. It flew for the Vietnam War and the Gulf War. It was only used in the United States. A total of 285 were built.

Fuji FA 200

The Fuji FA 200 is a civilian light aircraft. It was built in Japan between 1968 and 1986. There were 275 of them built. It is a single-engine aircraft.

War (U2 album)

War is the third studio album by Irish rock band U2, released in 1983.

The band's first album, "Boy" is about childhood and the second album, "October" is about spirituality. This album is about war and politics. This is because of songs like "Sunday Bloody Sunday". The album was named "War" because of what was happening in the world while they were recording. Bono said that "everywhere you looked, from the Falklands to the Middle East and South Africa, there was war."

"War" sold well for the band right away. Michael Jackson's album, "Thriller" fell from the top of the charts. "War" became U2's first album in the United Kingdom to reach #1. It was not well liked by British critics at first, but over the years has gained approval.

U2 began recording "War" in May 1982. Bono and his bride Alison, had just been married. The band took a break while Bono and Alison went on a honeymoon in Jamaica. But Bono worked on the lyrics for the upcoming album while on vacation.

All of the songs and the lyrics were written by U2.




Sweet roll

A sweet roll (or sweet bun) refers to any kind of bread roll or bun that is made to taste sweet. They are eaten as a breakfast or dessert food. They may contain spices, nuts, fruits, and are often glazed or topped with icing. Compared to regular bread dough, sweet roll dough generally has more sugar, fat, eggs and yeast. They are often round, and are small enough to be eaten by one person. They are different to pastries, which are made from a paste-like batter, and cakes, which are usually not leavened like bread is. They are also not the same as doughnuts, which are deep fried.


Margaret Pellegrini

Margaret Pellegrini (September 23, 1923 – August 7, 2013) was an American actress. She was one of the last surviving munchkins from the 1939 movie "The Wizard of Oz". Pellegrini was one of only two surviving female munchkins from the movie.

Pellegrini was born on September 23, 1923 in Tuscumbia, Alabama. She was married to Willie Pellegrini until his death. They had two children. Pellegrini died on August 7, 2013 in Glendale, Arizona from a stroke, aged 89.

Pterois

Pterois, also known as lionfish, is a genus of venomous marine fish. They are found mostly in the Indo-Pacific. 

"Pterois" is characterized by warning coloration with red, white, creamy, or black bands, showy pectoral fins and venomous spiky fin rays. "Pterois" are classified into a number of different species, but "Pterois radiata", "Pterois volitans" and "Pterois miles" are the most commonly studied. "Pterois" are popular aquarium fish and are readily used for cooking.

"Pterois" are about 2.44in (6.2cm) to 16.69in (42.4 cm) with typical adults measuring 14.96in (37.9 cm) . They weigh an average of 1.05 lbs (0.47 kg).

Viscount

A Viscount (, ) is a member of the European nobility. A viscount usually ranks above a baron and below a count. The female equivalent is a Viscountess.

Beginning in the early ninth century the Carolingian kings appointed counts to run local county governments. The counts used viscounts or deputy counts to assist them.

The viscounts served as deputies of the county. They had military, financial, administrative and judicial authority. They carried out court orders and held courts of their own. Viscounts also collected money for the king. Starting with the reign of Philip the Fair they were paid regular salaries. In the early tenth century, viscounts in the south of France gave themselves the rights of counts for their own profit. In Narbonne and Nimes the office became just like that of a count. Elsewhere in France viscounts began replacing counts where they could. A Viscounty (or Viscountship) was the office, area or jurisdiction of a viscount. By the eleventh century viscounts had become hereditary offices in most of Western Europe. In Normandy, before 1066, Duke William I began to view the position of a viscount as being . After 1066, and as King of England, William made several of his viscounts in Normandy, earls in England (an English earl was about the same as a count in Europe). But there were no viscounts in the English peerage and he did not create any.

In eleventh century Italy, the office and the lands of a viscount began to be thought of as the hereditary property of the family. The title, as with that of count or marquis was used by all members of a family.

The first introduction of the title of viscount in England was in the fifteenth century. The first to be recognized, John Beaumont was already a viscount in Maine. This was to give him a rank above the barons in the English peerage. Afterward it became a regular rank in the peerage. In England, and later in the United Kingdom, a viscount ranks above a baron but below an earl. The wife of a viscount is called a countess.

Montacute, South Australia

Montacute is a small town and suburb in Adelaide Hills, South Australia. The town is on Fifth Creek. It is mostly a rural area. Rostrevor is to the west of the suburb, while Lenswood is to the east, Castambul is to the north, and Norton Summit and Cherryville are to its west. The small town of Montacute Heights is on top of the ridge between Fifth and Sixth Creeks.

Copper was discovered in the area in 1843, and a mine was built soon after. One of the people who gave money for the mine was Sir John Baker. He named the area after Montacute in Somerset, which was close to the place where he was born. Gold was discovered in 1846. The "Victoria Mine" became the first gold deposit to be commercially mined in Australia.

The main industries are now orchards and market gardens. The 200-hectare Montacute Conservation Park was founded in 1971.

Corkscrew Road is a popular route for cyclists and people on day-trips. It is a small road linking Montacute Heights with Gorge Road via a precipitous route with many twists and turns.

Division of Cowan

The Division of Cowan is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia. It was created in 1984 and is named for Edith Cowan, the first woman elected to an Australian Parliament. It covers the northern suburbs of Perth, including Girrawheen, Greenwood, Kingsley, Landsdale, Woodvale and Marangaroo. 

Graham Edwards had been a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council, and a minister in the Lawrence Government.


Division of Curtin

The Division of Curtin is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia. It was created in 1949 and is named for John Curtin, who was Prime Minister of Australia 1941-45. Much of the area was part of the Division of Fremantle, which Curtin represented from 1928 to 1945. It covers the beachside suburbs of Perth, including Claremont, Cottesloe, Mosman Park, Nedlands, Subiaco and Swanbourne. 

Its most famous member was Paul Hasluck, a Cabinet minister and later Governor-General of Australia. Julie Bishop was Minister for Education, Science and Training and Minister Assisting the Prime Minister for Women's Issues in the Howard Government. She is the Deputy Leader of the parliamentary Liberal Party, making her the first woman to hold this role.



Lionel Rose

Lionel Edmund Rose MBE (21 June 1948 – 8 May 2011) was an Australian boxer. He was the first indigenous Australian to win a world title. Rose was ranked as a bantamweight boxer. This is a class for boxers who weigh between .

Rose was born and raised in Victoria. He was born at Jacksons Track, and lived in the town of Warragul. Rose had a difficult childhood. He learned to box from his father, Roy. Roy was a skilled fighter who competed in local house shows. At the age of 10, Rose was given a pair of gloves by his teacher, Ian Hawkins. When he was about 15, he began to be taught by Frank Oakes, a trainer in Warragul. Rose later married Frank's daughter, Jenny Oakes.

In 1970, at the age of 15, Rose won the Australian amateur flyweight title.

Rose competed in his first professional boxing match on 9 September 1964. He won against Mario Magriss over eight rounds. This fight was in Warragul, but most of Rose's fights were held in Melbourne. Along the way he was helped by Jack and Shirley Rennie. He stayed in their home in Melbourne, training each day in their backyard.

Rose won his first five matches. After this, he was rematched with Singtong Por Tor, whom he had previously beaten in a 12-round decision. They fought this rematch on 23 July 1965. Por Tor won in six rounds by earning more points than Rose. This was Rose's first defeat. On 14 October 1965, he had his first fight outside Australia. He fought Laurie Ny in Christchurch, New Zealand. Rose beat Ny in 10 rounds.

Of his next nine fights, Rose won eight. He scored one knockout. The one match he lost in those nine fights was to Ray Perez. On 28 October 1966, he fought for the Australian bantamweight title against Noel Kunde in Melbourne. He won the title by defeating Kunde in a 15-round decision. By winning in this match, Rose became the Australian bantamweight champion.

Rose won one more belt in 1966 and eight in 1967. He defended his Australian championship against Rocky Gattellari, winning by knockout in the 13th round of the match. After this, Rose challenged Fighting Harada for the world bantamweight championship on 26 February 1968 in Tokyo. He beat Harada in a 15-round decision. This win made him the first Aboriginal Australian to be a world-champion boxer. It made Rose a national hero in Australia, particularly among Aboriginal Australians. He was awarded Australian of the Year for 1968.

On 2 July of that year, Rose returned to Tokyo to defend his title against Takao Sakurai. He beat Sakurai with a 15-round decision. On 6 December, he fought against Chucho Castillo in Inglewood, California. Rose beat Castillo by decision, but the verdicts in favour of him made many in the crowd angry, as they supported Castillo. A riot began, the referee and 14 fans were injured.

On 8 March 1969, Rose fought against Alan Rudkin. Rose won in a 15-round decision, and kept the championship. Five months later, he returned to Inglewood, where he faced Rubén Olivares on 22 August. Olivares knocked out Rose in the fifth round, and so Rose lost the world bantamweight title.

Rose continued boxing after his defeat against Olivares. However, after he lost several fights against boxers who were not very well known, many believed his career as a prime fighter was over. On 10 October 1970, he beat future world lightweight champion Itshimatsu Suzuki in a 10-round decision. Once again, he became a world title challenger, but in the lightweight division.

Rose lost to Jeff White for the Australian lightweight championship. He then fought against world junior lightweight champion Yoshiaki Numata, on 30 May 1971 in Hiroshima. Numata beat Rose by a 15-round decision. Rose announced his retirement soon after.

During his break from boxing in the 1970s, Rose begun a modest career as a singer. He had a few songs that were successful in Australia, such as "I Thank You" and "Please Remember Me" in 1970. The song "I Thank You" was one of the most successful singles in Australia in 1970. It was played instead of the Australian National Anthem during radio broadcasts of the Rugby League State of Origin.

Rose came back to boxing in 1975. However, after losing four of his six matches, including one against Rafael Limón, he decided to retire forever. As a professional boxer, Rose had a record of 42 wins and 11 losses, with 12 wins by knockout.

After boxing, Rose became a successful businessman. A television miniseries called "Rose Against the Odds" (1991) was made about Rose's life story. It starred Paul Williams and Telly Savalas. It was released as a full-length movie in 1995. Melbourne filmmaker Eddie Martin premiered his feature-length documentary "Lionel" at the Melbourne International Film Festival in 2008.

Rose was one of the original boxers to be inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2003.

In 2007, Rose suffered a stroke. It left him unable to speak and move very well. He died on 8 May 2011, after an illness which lasted for several months.



Malachi Favors

Malachi Favors (August 22, 1927 – January 30, 2004) was an American jazz bassist. He was best known for his work with the Art Ensemble of Chicago.

Favors was born on August 22, 1927 in Lexington, Mississippi. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois.

Well known records of his include Natural and the Spiritual (solo bass, 1977) and "Sightsong" (duets with Muhal Richard Abrams, 1975). In 1994 he played with Roman Bunka (Oud) at Berlin Jazz Fest and recorded the "German Critics Poll Winner" album "Color me Cairo".

Favors died on January 30, 2004 in Chicago, Illinois from pancreatic cancer, aged 76.


R. Hunter Middleton

Robert Hunter Middleton (May 6, 1898 – August 3, 1985) was an Scottish-American book designer, painter, and type designer.

Middleton was born in Glasgow, Scotland on May 6, 1898. He came to Chicago in 1908 where he studied at the School of the Art Institute.

He joined the design department of the Ludlow Typograph Company in 1923 and served as director of the department of typeface design from 1933 to 1971. In 1944 he began operating a private press, The Cherryburn Press. He died in Chicago.

Middleton died on August 3, 1985 from natural causes in his home in Chicago, Illinois, aged 87.

Povilas Tautvaišas

Povilas Tautvaišas (English: Paul Tautvaisas / Tautvaisis) (born 6 May 1916, Mogilev – died November 1980, Chicago) was a Lithuanian-American chess master.

He played twice for the Lithuanian team in the Chess Olympiads, at eighth board (+4 –8 =2) at Munich 1936 (unofficial Olympiad), and at fourth board (+5 –9 =6) in the 8th Olympiad at Buenos Aires 1939, during which World War II broke out. 

Tautvaisas returned to Europe, unlike many other players in that event (Najdorf, Stahlberg, Eliskases, Frydman, "et al."). He took 5th, behind Birmanas, Arlauskas, Abramavičius, and Vaitonis, at the 1943 Lithuanian chess championship in Vilnius. 

Tautvaišas died in November 1980 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart attack, aged 64.

Carl Wright (actor)

Carl Wright (February 2, 1932 – May 19, 2007) was an American tap dancer, actor, and comedian. He was known for his roles in "Soul Food", "Barbershop", and "Big Momma's House". 

For several years, Wright teamed up with Chicago radio legend Pervis Spann playing a misguided and mischievous reverend on his Chicago television show, "Blues and More". 

Wright was born in Orlando, Florida on February 2, 1932. He toured as a tap dancer as a young man, and for a time performed as The Three-Leggers with a one-legged partner. Wright died of cancer at his home in Chicago.


Fulk II of Anjou

Fulk II of Anjou (–960), called the good (), was a French nobleman and the Count of Anjou from 942 to his death in 960.

Fulk II was born about 905. He was the son of Fulk the Red and his wife Roscilla de Loches. She was a daughter of Warnerius, Seigneur de Villentrois. He succeeded his father in 942 as the second count of Anjou (also called the count of Angers) and remained in power until 960.

The Angevins, Fulk II included, had become very good at making marriage alliances that helped their goals. His father, Fulk the Red, had arranged his marriage to a Carolingian, Gerberga, the daughter of Ratburnus I Viscount of Vienne. Among other things this marriage made it possible for their daughter Adelaide-Blanche to marry a future king of France. It made them important enough for their son Guy to become Bishop of le Puy.

After Gerberga died Fulk made another political marriage. He married Adelaide, the widow of Alan II, Duke of Brittany. Alan II had also been Count of Nantes and the marriage probably gave Fulk control of Nantes. Adelaide was also the sister of Theobald I, Count of Blois. This allowed Fulk II to form an alliance with the House of Blois. Fulk died in 960. He was succeeded by his son Geoffrey Greymantle.

By his wife, Gerberge, Fulk II had several children:


By his second wife Adelaide, he had no children.

Morpho

A Morpho is a butterfly in one of over 29 species and 147 subspecies in the genus "Morpho".

Morphos are Neotropical butterflies found mostly in South America, Mexico and Central America. Morphos range in wingspan from the 7.5 cm (3 inch) "M. rhodopteron" to the imposing 20 cm (8 inch) Sunset Morpho, "M. hecuba".

Many Morpho butterflies are coloured in metallic, shimmering shades of blue and green. These colours are not caused by pigment. They are an example of iridescence: light reflects through the microscopic scales covering the Morpho's wings.

The blue Morpho species have sexual dimorphism. In some species only the males are iridescent blue, the females are camouflaged brown and yellow. In other species the females are partially iridescent but less blue than the males.

Their habitat is the primary forests of the Amazon and Atlantic. They can breed in other forested habitats, for instance the dry deciduous woodlands of Nicaragua and in secondary forests.

Morphos are strong fliers, found at altitudes between sea level and about 1400 m. Morphos are diurnal: males spend the mornings patrolling along forest streams and rivers. They are territorial and will chase any rivals. Morphos typically live alone out of the mating season.

The adults are usually palatable, but hard to catch because they are such strong fliers. Birds find it very hard to catch them.

The conspicuous blue coloration shared by most "Morpho" species may be a case of Müllerian mimicry, or may be 'pursuit aposematism'. This means the bird learns that the colour says, in effect, "don't waste your energy, you can't catch me".

The entire life cycle of the Morpho butterfly, from egg to death, is approximately 115 days.

Although the adults are palatable, the larvae are not. Their hairs are irritating, and when disturbed they secrete a noxious fluid which smells like rancid butter. The strong odour is a defence against predators.

The caterpillar will molt five times before entering the pupal stage. The bulbous chrysalis is pale-green or jade-green and emits a repulsive, ultrasonic sound when touched. It is suspended from a stem or leaf of the foodplant.

Battle of Malvern Hill

The Battle of Malvern Hill was a battle in the American Civil War. It was fought on July 1, 1862.

Northwest Division (NBA)

The Northwest Division is one of three divisions in the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association, along with the Pacific Division and the Southwest Division. The five teams in this division are the Denver Nuggets, Minnesota Timberwolves, Oklahoma City Thunder, Portland Trail Blazers, and the Utah Jazz. 

Pacific Division (NBA)

The Pacific Division is one of three divisions in the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association, along with the Northwest Division and the Southwest Division. The five teams in this division are the Golden State Warriors, Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Clippers, Phoenix Suns, and the Sacramento Kings. 

Southwest Division (NBA)

The Southwest Division is one of three divisions in the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association, along with the Pacific Division and the Northwest Division. The five teams in this division are the Dallas Mavericks, Houston Rockets, Memphis Grizzlies, New Orleans Pelicans, and the San Antonio Spurs. 

Wells Fargo Center (Philadelphia)

The Wells Fargo Center is a multi-use indoor arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was called Spectrum II before it was built. It has previously been called the CoreStates Center, First Union Center and Wachovia Center.

The Wells Fargo Center is the home arena of the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League, the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association, the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League, and the Philadelphia Soul of the Arena Football League. The Center was finished in 1996 to replace the Spectrum as the home arena of the Flyers, 76ers, and Wings. It was built on the former site of John F. Kennedy Stadium (originally Philadelphia Municipal Stadium). The cost of it was $210 million, and it was mostly privately financed (though the city and state helped to pay for the local infrastructure). It is owned by Comcast Spectacor, which also owns the Flyers. Global Spectrum operates the arena. Comcast Spectacor also owns Global Spectrum. 

The Wells Fargo Center is at the southwest corner of the South Philadelphia Sports Complex. Some of the buildings there are Lincoln Financial Field, Citizens Bank Park, and Xfinity Live!.

The Center officially seats 20,318 for NBA and NCAA basketball games and 19,537 for NHL hockey and indoor ("box") NLL lacrosse. With more standing-room areas available in luxury and club-box suites, the total paid capacity is actually more than that. The Center has 126 luxury suites, 1,880 club-box seats, and a many restaurants and clubs (both public and private) available for use by patrons. The offices, studios, and production facilities of Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia are all located in the facility.

On June 9, 2010, the Center set the record for the highest attendance for an indoor hockey game in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania (20,327) when the Flyers lost Game 6 of the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals to the Chicago Blackhawks. The Center also set a record for the highest attendances for a college basketball game in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania on February 13, 2006, when Villanova University played and defeated the #1 ranked University of Connecticut before a crowd of 20,859.

On August 1, 2006, Comcast Spectacor announced it would add a new center-hung scoreboard to replace the original one made by Daktronics. The new scoreboard, manufactured by ANC Sports is like other scoreboards in new NBA & NHL arenas. Another linear LED display lining the entire arena was also added between the suite and mezzanine levels. Other renovations for the Center's ten-year anniversary included upgrading the suites with more flat screen TV's, as well as changing ticket providers from Ticketmaster to New Era Tickets, which is owned by Comcast Spectacor.

The PA announcer at the Center for Flyers games is Lou Nolan, who moved with the team from the Spectrum, where he has worked since 1972. Matt Cord is the PA announcer for 76ers games. Jim Bachman is the PA announcer for Villanova basketball games. Kevin Casey handles PA duties for the Philadelphia Wings.




The capacity for 76ers games:

The capacity for Flyers games:


Protocol 41

Protocol 41 is a communication protocol which embeds internet protocol version 6 (IPv6) packets inside Internet protocol version 4 (IPv4) packets. It is usually used to allow a computer or router with only an IPv4 address to obtain an IPv6 address (or maybe more than one address, to serve more than one computer). Most IPv6 tunnel providers support Protocol 41, including Hurricane Electric. 6to4, 6rd, and 6in4 are all different ways of using Protocol 41. Protocol 41 does not use TCP or UDP (although the IPv6 packets inside can carry TCP and UDP traffic). It is not to be confused with TCP or UDP port number 41.

6to4 is a special usage of protocol 41. A 6to4 address starts with the digits 2002, followed by the IPv4 address of its router. A 6to4 address might look like: 2002:CB00:71FF:0:fe64:3486:d398:3346


Castor and Pollux

Castor and Pollux were twin brothers in Greek and Roman mythology. Together they are called the Dioscuri. They were the sons of Queen Leda of Sparta. Their twin sisters were Helen of Troy and Clytemnestra. Castor and Pollux were changed into the constellation called Gemini. Tyndareus, the king of Sparta, was the father of Castor, which made Castor mortal, while Zeus was the father of Pollux which made him a demigod.

Zeus seduced Leda as a swan and she laid four eggs, these eggs hatched and four children were born to Leda, the two brothers Castor and Pollux, and two sisters, Helen and Clytemnestra; Castor and Clytemnestra were considered to be the children of King Tyndareus, Pollux and Helen were the demigod offspring of Zeus.

Castor and Pollux are universally named among the Argonauts, the crew of the Argo who sailed for Colchis with Jason. During the quest for the Golden Fleece, Pollux is noted for having bested the King of Bebryces during a boxing match.

One of the best-known myths with Castor and Pollux is how they became a constellation. During a battle, Castor, being mortal, was killed. Heartbroken at the death of his brother, Pollux prayed to Zeus to make Castor immortal which meant Pollux would have to give up half of his immortality. Eventually, Zeus agreed to the request, and so Castor and Pollux were transformed into the Gemini constellation. To balance the cosmos, the Dioscuri would only be on Olympus one half of the year, and the other six months would be spent in the Underworld in the Elysium fields.

They became the gods of sailing and horsemanship. ... Pollux and Castor were also known for their boxing abilities and were thus the gods of athletes and athletic competitions. In both art and literature, Pollux and his brother were shown with horses, as the two were famed horsemen.

Sodablasting

Sodablasting is a process for cleaning and removing old paint from surfaces. Sodium bicarbonate is "blasted" against the surface using compressed air.

On Human Nature

On Human Nature is a 1979 Pulitzer Prize-winning book by Harvard biologist E.O. Wilson. 

The book tries to explain how aspects of humans and society can be explained from the point of view of evolution. He explains how evolution has left its traces on the characteristics which are the specialty of the human species. Examples are generosity, self-sacrifice, worship and the use of sex for pleasure. 

The book was an attempt to complete the Darwinian revolution by bringing biological thought into social sciences and humanities.

Sociobiology: the new synthesis

Sociobiology: the new synthesis is a book by E.O. Wilson that helped start the sociobiology debate, one of the great scientific controversies of the 20th century. Wilson popularized the term "sociobiology" as an attempt to explain the evolutionary mechanics behind behaviours such as altruism, aggression, and nurture. The fundamental principles guiding sociobiology are:

The book was first published in 1975, then reprinted in 1976. A twenty-fifth anniversary edition was published in 2000 by Harvard University Press.

The application of sociobiology to humans was immediately controversial. Some people, such as Stephen Jay Gould, and Richard Lewontin said that sociobiology was biologicially determinist. They argued that it would be used, as similar ideas had been in the past, to justify the status quo, entrench ruling elites, and legitimize authoritarian political programmes. They referred to social darwinism and eugenics of the early 20th century, and to other more recent ideas, such as the race and IQ controversy of the early 1970s as cautionary tales in the use of evolutionary principles as applied to human society.

Wilson and his admirers countered these criticisms by saying that Wilson had no political agenda, and if he had one it was certainly not authoritarian (Wilson is an outspoken environmentalist). They argued that sociobiology does not necessarily lead to any particular political ideology as many critics implied.

Many other sociobiologists have used sociobiology to argue quite separate points. Noam Chomsky surprised many by coming to the defense of sociobiology on the grounds that political radicals need to postulate a relatively fixed idea of human nature in order to be able to struggle for a better society. They needed to know what human needs were in order to build a better society.

An extensive account of the controversy around the book was published 25 years later. It largely supporting Wilson's views. For ethologists, Wilson's ideas are mainstream, and for them his book is not controversial.


Geoffrey I, Count of Anjou

Geoffrey I of Anjou (930–987), called Greymantle (), was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou from 960 to 987. He greatly increased the power and influence of Anjou.

Geoffrey was the oldest son of Fulk II of Anjou and his first wife Gerberga.<ref name="ESIII/4-116">Detlev Schwennicke, "Europäische Stammtafeln|Europäische Stammtafeln: Stammtafeln zur Geschichte der Europäischen Staaten", Neue Folge, Band III Teilband 1 (J. A. Stargardt, Marburg, Germany, 1984), Tafel 116</ref> He succeeded his father as Count of Anjou about 960. Geoffrey married Adele of Meaux (934–982). Adele was the daughter of Robert of Vermandois and Adelais de Vergy. On her mother's side she was a granddaughter of king Robert I of France. On her father's side she was a direct descendant of Charlemagne. Her cousin was Hugh Capet, King of the Franks. Through this marriage the Angevins joined the highest ranks of western French nobility. 

Geoffrey started by making his power base the of Angers. Geoffrey carefully placed his loyal followers on lands surrounding the city. This was to protect his own territories. The lands of the abbeys of Saint-Aubin and Saint-Serge in Angers provided revenues for his most faithful men. Geoffrey told both his sons, Fulk and Maurice: "No house is weak that has many friends. Therefore I you to hold dear those who have been friends." Geoffrey used several ways of expanding his power and control. Creating family connections was one way. For example his father had controlled Nantes by marrying the countess. Geoffrey brought Nantes under control by making Count Guerech accept him as overlord. For some time the counts of Maine and the bishops of Le Mans had been fighting among themselves. Geoffrey saw a way to take advantage of the situation. About 971 Geoffrey secured the diocese of Le Mans for his ally and friend Bishop Seinfroy. Then, in 973, Geoffrey arranged the marriage of his daughter Ermengarde-Gerberga to Conan I of Rennes, the count of Maine. But rather than act like an ally Conan began to oppose Geoffrey. In 982 the two met at the first battle of Conquereuil where Geoffrey defeated Conan. 

Geoffrey had influence in Aquitaine through his sister Adelaide-Blanche's first marriage to the powerful baron Stephen, Count of Gevaudan and Forez. After his death the lands were ruled by his widow Adelaide-Blanche. Their sons, Geoffrey's nephews, Pons and Bertrand succeeded as counts there. Geoffrey's niece, Adalmode, married Adelbert, Count of Marche and Périgord. In 975 Geoffrey had his brother Guy appointed as the Count and Bishop of Le Puy. In 982 Geoffrey married his now widowed sister Adelaide-Blanche to the fifteen-year-old Louis V of France. The two were crowned King and Queen of Aquitaine. But the two could not get along and the marriage failed. So did Geoffrey's plans to control Aquitaine through his young son-in-law. 

After the death of his first wife Adele, Geoffrey married secondly Adelaise de Châlon. By this marriage he exerted control over the county of Châlons. Through the marriage of his son, Fulk III, to Elisabeth the heiress of Vendôme Geoffrey brought that county under his influence. Geoffrey made his son Fulk Nerra his co-ruler just before he died while attacking the fortress of Marcon on 21 July 987.

He married Adele of Meaux (934–982), daughter of Robert of Vermandois and Adelais de Vergy. Their children were:


He married, secondly, to Adelaise de Châlons and had one child:


Bremach

Bremach is an Italian manufacturer of trucks. It specializes in the manufacturing of military vehicles, and 4WD fire engines. Some are used in France and Germany.

Cessna T-41 Mescalero

The Cessna T-41 Mescalero is an American training aircraft. It is a military variant of the Cessna 172. It first flew in 1965. It was first used the same year. It was used by many air forces including Argentina, Greece, Iran, Laos.

Bell 47

The Bell 47 is an American helicopter. It was the first civilian helicopter in the world built in series. Militaries used it as OH-13. It was built under licence in Italy by Agusta and in Japan by Kawasaki. Its first flight was in 1947.

List of heads of state of Libya

This is a list of heads of state of Libya since independence in 1951.


List of heads of government of Libya

This is a list of heads of government of Libya since independence in 1951.

Since independence, heads of government of Libya have been Prime Ministers from 1951 to 1977. Then General Secretaries of the General People's Committee from 1977 to 2011. Prime Ministers were back in the Libyan government since 2011.



Ali Zeidan

Ali Zeidan (sometimes written as Zidan; ; born 5 December 1950) is a former Prime Minister of Libya. He was appointed by the General National Congress on 14 October 2012. Zeidan took office on 14 November after Congress approved his cabinet nominees. Before the Libyan civil war, Zeidan was a human rights lawyer in Geneva. According to the BBC, he is considered by some local observers as a strong-minded liberal.

It was reported on 10 October 2013 that Zeidan was kidnapped by armed men in Tripoli, during the early hours in the morning. He was freed hours later.

Air Forces of the National People's Army

The Air Forces of the National People's Army () was the air force of East Germany. It was a part of the National People's Army, established in 1956.







Raúl Héctor Castro

Raul Hector Castro (June 12, 1916 April 10, 2015) was a Mexican-born American politician. He has served in both elected and non-elected public offices, including Ambassadors from the United States and the 14th Governor of Arizona (1975–77).

He was the first hispanic to be elected governor of Arizona. At the age of 98, he became the oldest living United States governor, after the death of former Washington Governor Albert Rosellini at the age of 101.

Castro was born on June 12, 1916 on Cananea, Mexico. He studied at Northern Arizona University and at James E. Rogers College of Law.

In 1954, he was elected county attorney and served in that capacity until 1958, when he became a Pima County Superior Court Judge. His national stature grew over the years, and President Lyndon B. Johnson appointed Castro as U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador in 1964. After four years there, he served as Ambassador to Bolivia until the end of 1969.

Returning to Tucson, Arizona in 1969 to specialize in international law, Castro continued to rise to the top in Arizona Democratic politics. Seeking state office for the first time in 1970, he won the Democratic nomination for governor, but narrowly lost the general election to Republican incumbent Jack Williams. In 1974, Castro was elected governor. In 1977, after two years as governor, he was selected by President Jimmy Carter to be ambassador to Argentina. Castro held that post until 1980.

On June 12, 2012, despite searing temperatures, Castro was stopped by U.S. Border Patrol after they detected traces of radiation in his vehicle. After explaining that the radiation was due to a medical procedure from the previous day, the ex-governor was released after a short detention.

Castro died in his sleep while under hospice care in San Diego, California, aged 98.

 

Guinevere

Guinevere was the wife of King Arthur in the Camelot stories. Part of the story is that she fell in love with Lancelot, Arthur's very close friend and greatest knight.

Scott Wilson (actor)

Scott Wilson (born William Delano Wilson; March 29, 1942 – October 6, 2018) was an American actor of television and movies. He was known for his roles in "In the Heat of the Night", "In Cold Blood", "The Great Gatsby", "Dead Man Walking", "Pearl Harbor", and "Junebug".

Wilson was born on March 29, 1942 in Thomasville, Georgia. He married Heavenly Wilson in 1977. Wilson died of complications from leukemia on October 6, 2018 in Los Angeles, California, aged 76.

Dick Gregory

Richard Claxton "Dick" Gregory (October 12, 1932 – August 19, 2017) was an American comedian, social activist, social critic, writer, and entrepreneur.

Gregory was born on October 12, 1932 in St. Louis, Missouri. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Gregory studied at Sumner High School and at Southern Illinois University Carbondale. He had been married to Lillian Gregory since 1959. They had 10 children.

Gregory died at a hospital in Washington, D.C. on August 19, 2017 of heart failure at the age of 84.


Hip hop soul

Hip hop soul is a subgenre of hip hop, contemporary R&B, soul, and new jack swing.

Hip hop soul first started as a genre that fused hip hop with soul music. Some of the best songs of hip hop soul include "I'll Make Love to You", "Lonely", "Swim Good" and "Can't Be Without You". It was very popular at first. Then, it began to lose commercial success because of its late sexual lyrics and dark themes.

Order of Lenin

The Order of Lenin (Russian: Орден Ленина, Orden Lenina), named after Vladimir Lenin, was the highest order bestowed by the Soviet Union. The order was awarded to:

The order was established by the Central Executive Committee on April 6, 1930. It was disestablished in 1991, because of the fall of the Soviet Union.


Con Air

Con Air is an American 1997 action crime thriller movie. It was directed by Simon West and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. It stars Nicolas Cage, John Malkovich, John Cusack, and Steve Buscemi. It received positive reviews. Roger Ebert gave the movie three out of four stars. In was released on June 6, 1997.


Saving Mr. Banks

Saving Mr. Banks is a 2013 biographical comedy-drama movie. It is based on the real life events during the making of the 1964 Disney movie "Mary Poppins".

"Saving Mr. Banks" stars Tom Hanks as Walt Disney and Emma Thompson as P. L. Travers. Paul Giamatti, Bradley Whitford, Kathy Baker, Rachel Griffiths and Colin Farrell also appear in the movie.

Meryl Streep was the first choice to play Travers. Thompson took the part because the studio could not get Streep. Thompson has said the role of P. L. Travers was the most difficult one she's played.

Photography began in September 2012. The movie was filmed in the Los Angeles area, and the Disney Studios. Care was taken to keep any post-1964 rides from being caught on film.

"Saving Mr. Banks" was given its world premiere at the London Film Festival on October 20, 2013. It has received much critical praise. "The Hollywood Reporter" said the movie was an "affecting if somewhat soft-soaped comedy drama, elevated by excellent performances."

Jokkmokk

Jokkmokk is a locality in the county of Dalarna in Sweden. It is the seat of Jokkmokk Municipality.

Skin graft

A skin graft is a transplants of skin. The most common way to do this is to transplant skin from one part of a person to another place on the same person. The technique was developed in World War II by surgeons who had to deal with people who had suffered severe burns.

Transplants of skin from one person to another is limited by tissue rejection caused by the immune system. As with organ transplants, tests are done to find a donor who is "compatible" with the host. Identical twins make the perfect donors for each other because they are genetically identical.

List of World Heritage Sites in Azerbaijan

World Heritage Sites in Azerbaijan are places that are in the World Heritage Site List of UNESCO, a part of the United Nations, which are selected by UNESCO's World Heritage Committee. These are places of outstanding cultural or natural importance to the common heritage of mankind. 

There are currently 3 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Azerbaijan.
Below is the actual list and the proposed list of the sites in Azerbaijan:


Nirodha

Nirodha is a Sanskrit word, which is also a concept used in Buddhism. It is one of the Four Noble Truths. It is the end of suffering and its causes. According to Thubten Chodron, Nirodha is the final disappearance of all bad experiences and their causes in such a way that they can no longer occur again.

Shahram Rostami

Shahram Rostami (born 19??) was an Iranian flying ace in the Iran-Iraq War. He was an F-14 Tomcat pilot. He shot down 6 Iraqi fighters: 1 MiG-21, 3 Mirage F1s and 2 MiG-25s. He was the first fighter pilot in the world, who shot down a MiG-25.

Brookhaven, Georgia

Brookhaven is a city in western DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. It is northeast of Atlanta. Brookhaven became DeKalb County's 11th city on December 17, 2012. It has been approved in a referendum on July 31, 2012.

In 2020, 55,161 people live in Brookhaven. It is the largest city in DeKalb County. The new city stretches over .


M129 grenade launcher

M129 Grenade launcher is an American 40-mm automatic grenade launcher. It is weapon for helicopters. It was made in 1966 by the Ford aerospace company and it is still being used today. It is advanced version of the earlier M75. The rate of fire of M75 was 225 rounds per minute, but the M129 can shoot 400 rounds per minute. It is powered by the helicopter's electrical systm. M129 is used by these helicopters:


Russian literature

Russian literature is literature written in the Russian language or by Russian people. Famous writers who were Russian include Leo Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, Ivan Turgenev, Nikolai Gogol, Vladimir Nabokov, Mikhail Sholokhov and Solzhenitsyn.

Conair

Conair or Connair may refer to:



William P. Clark Jr.

William Patrick Clark, Jr. (October 23, 1931 – August 10, 2013) was an American rancher, judge, and public servant. He served under President Ronald Reagan as the Deputy Secretary of State from 1981 to 1982, National Security Advisor from 1982 to 1983, and the Secretary of the Interior from 1983 until 1985.

Clark was a judge of the Superior Court of California from 1969 to 1971 and an associate justice of the California State Supreme Court from 1973 to 1981.

On September 21, 1983 Secretary of the Interior James G. Watt embarrassed the administration by yet again making bigoted remarks to the media, causing him to resign on November 8, and Clark requested and received an appointment to replace Watt.

He returned to California after his stint serving the administration and pursued a variety of law firm and other business interests.

Clark was born on October 23, 1931 in Oxnard, California. He was raised as a Catholic.

Clark was married to Johanna "Joan" Brauner until her death in April 2009. They had five children; Monica, Peter (nicknamed Pete), Nina, Colin, and Paul.

Clark died on August 10, 2013 in Shandon, California from Parkinson's disease, aged 81.


Haji (actress)

Haji (Cerlet Catton; January 24, 1946 – August 10, 2013) was a Canadian-born actress and former exotic dancer known for her role in the Russ Meyer's 1965 cult classic "Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!".

Haji was born on January 24, 1946 in Quebec, Canada. She had one daughter out of wedlock. Haji died on August 10, 2013 from unknown causes.

Russ Meyer

Russell Albion "Russ" Meyer (March 21, 1922 – September 18, 2004) was an American movie director, producer, screenwriter, cinematographer, editor, actor and photographer.

Meyer is known writing and directing on a series of successful low-budget sexploitation movies that featured campy humor, sly satire and large-breasted women such as in "Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!".

During his early movie career, Meyer used to work with future Pulitzer Prize-winning movie critic Roger Ebert.

Meyer was born on March 21, 1922 in San Leandro, California to a German-American family. He was raised in Oakland, California.

He was married to Betty Valdovinos from 1949 until they divorced in 1950. Then he was married to Eve Meyer from 1952 until they divorced in 1966. Then he was married to Edy Williams from 1970 until they divorced in 1973.

Meyer died on September 18, 2004 in Hollywood Hills, Los Angeles, California from complications from pneumonia after battling Alzheimer's disease. He was 82 years old. Meyer was buried at Stockton Rural Cemetery in Stockton, California.

Fox Searchlight Pictures is currently negotiating the rights to create a biopic covering the early years of Meyer's career.

Public Enemies (2009 movie)

Public Enemies is a 2009 biographical-crime-drama movie set in Chicago during the 1930s. It was directed by Michael Mann. It stars Johnny Depp as John Dillinger. Christian Bale, Marion Cotillard, Stephen Lang, Leelee Sobieski, Channing Tatum, and Billy Crudup also star. It was released on July 1, 2009.

Roger Ebert, Peter Travers, Rex Reed, and Michael Phillips gave it positive reviews.

Douglas Seale

Douglas Seale (28 October 1913 – 13 June 1999) was an English actor, director, and producer.

He provided the voice of Krebbs in "The Rescuers Down Under" (1990). Two years later, Seale voiced the Sultan in "Aladdin".

He also appeared in several movie including "Amadeus" and "Ernest Saves Christmas" (1988) in which he played Santa Claus. He appeared in the 1986 Christmas movie, "A Smoky Mountain Christmas", as Vernon.

Seale was born on 28 October 1913 in London, England. He was married three times, first two ended in divorce. His last marriage was to Louise Troy until her death of breast cancer in 1994.

Seale died on 13 June 1999 in New York City, New York from pneumonia, aged 85. He was cremated and his ashes were scattered into the Atlantic Ocean.


University of Paris

The University of Paris () was a university in Paris, France. It was one of the first universities to be established in Europe. It was founded in the middle of the 12th century. The university is often referred to as the Sorbonne or la Sorbonne, after the creation of the college (Collège de Sorbonne) founded around 1257 by Robert de Sorbon.

In 1971, the university was split into thirteen independent universities.


Not Without My Daughter

Not Without My Daughter is a 1991 American drama movie by director Brian Gilbert. It stars Sally Field and Alfred Molina. It is based on Betty Mahmoody's 1987 book by telling the story about the escape with her daughter from her husband from Iran.

American Betty Lover marries Iranian doctor Sayeed Bozorg Mahmoody (nicknamed: Moody). They have a daughter called Mahtab (Persian: "Moonlight").

Moody wants to see his family in Tehran, Iran, because he has not seen his family for ten years. Betty doesn't want to go to Iran, because she thinks that it is dangerous. Moody persuades Betty, that she goes to Iran for a two week holiday. But Moody has hidden the termination of his job in a hospital in the USA from Betty and Mahtab and tells his family, that they will stay in Iran forever. Because a man has the say in Iran, they have to stay here and Betty cannot take her daughter Mahtab out of the country without her husband's permission. She searches for help to escape from the country with Mahtab, for example from the Swiss embassy.

She has major problems to adapt to the strict laws and customs of the country, because as an American she is much-hated in Iran. Moody often abuses Betty, because she does not obey him. After 18 months, Betty succeeds to escape Iran with her daughter Mahtab. They flee over the Zagros mountains in the northwest of Iran to Turkey. They fly back to USA from there.


Heteropogon contortus

Heterpogon contortus is a kind of perennial grass. It is native to southern Africa, southern Asia and parts of Australia and Oceania. Common names for the species include black spear grass and tanglehead. The plant can reach a height of . The plants grow particularly well in areas where wildfires are frequent. Native Hawaiians used it to thatch their houses.

Bucheon

Bucheon is a Korean city in Gyeonggi Province of South Korea, between Seoul and Incheon. There are 870,000 people in Bucheon.

People have lived in Bucheon for thousands of years. According to Three Kingdom Period literature, Bucheon was founded during the Goguryeo Dynasty. When Goguryeo began, Bucheon was called "Jubuto" (주부토). When the Goryeo Dynasty started, the king Taejo (Wang Geon, 왕건) renamed Bucheon "Suju" (수주).

Bucheon has a big archaeology site in the Go-Gang neighborhood (고강동) of Ojeong District. There are artifacts from 3,000 years ago. There are also some old gravesites there.

In 1962, when President Park Chung-Hee started his five-year economic development project, Sosa-myeon (소사면) was renamed Bucheon City (부천시). Bucheon's borders of today were made in 1988. Sang-Dong and Jung-Dong neighborhoods were developed as New City areas in the 1990s.

Bucheon's people were farmers in the past. The population grew a lot in the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s, and now it is a big city.

In 1985, there were 450,000 people. <br>
In 2000, there were 775,000 people. <br>
In 2013, Bucheon has 870,000 people. The average family size in Bucheon is 2.65 people.

There are three districts ("gu") in Bucheon. They are Wonmi-gu, Sosa-gu, and Ojeong-gu.

In Wonmi-gu, there are 454,000 people. Most of them live in the New City areas of Jung-Dong (147,000) and Sang-Dong (117,000).

In Sosa-gu, there are 222,000 people. In Ojeong-gu, there are 196,000 people.

Bucheon calls itself a "cultural city". There are many museums and festivals. There are also botanical gardens. There is an orchestra, which began in 1988.

Bucheon has the Bucheon International Film Festival (PiFAN) in the summer. It started in 1997 and it happens every year. The movies are comedy, romance, action, and fantasy. Bucheon also has a comic festival in the summer.

Bucheon has very many museums, like a robot museum, a comic museum, a history museum, and a water museum.

Bucheon had many peach orchards before it was developed as a city. That is why Bucheon's official plant is the peach tree, and its official flower is the peach flower. Its official bird is the falcon.

Bucheon has 62 elementary schools and 32 middle schools. There are also 27 high schools. Of the high schools, 20 are normal, two are all-girls schools, and five are special high schools.

Bucheon's five special high schools are: <br>
1. Gyeonggi Art High School in Jung-Dong, Wonmi-Gu<br>
2. Gyeonggi International Business High School in Jung-Dong, Wonmi-Gu<br>
3. Bucheon Information Industry High School in Sang-Dong, Wonmi-Gu<br>
4. Bucheon Technical High School in Sosa-Gu, and <br>
5. Jeongmyeong Information Industry High School in Sosa-Gu

There are also many academies ("hagwon") in Bucheon. They teach many subjects. They are for students from kindergarten to high school. Many academies are in Jung-Dong and Sang-Dong neighborhoods.

Bucheon has two subway lines (Line 1 and Line 7). There are 11 subway stations and one bus terminal (Sopoong). There are many local buses and intercity buses. In the early 1990s, Bucheon had very little public transportation. It has developed a lot in the past twenty years.

Wonmi District's major technology is the semiconductor. There are many other industries: Comics, packaging, lighting, and molding. Bucheon also is a center of robot research. Bucheon has 19 robot companies. There are only 100 robot companies in Korea. 


Land reclamation

Land reclamation is the idea of getting new land. It is usually done in coastal areas. Sometimes it is also done in areas like rivers and lakes. Usually, there is a natural process which fills such areas with sand, dirt and other materials. Land reclamation uses the same process, which is sped up. In many cases, this is done using dikes. An example where land reclamation is done is the in the Netherlands.

Pioneer plants, such as Salicornia or grow there. When the level of the land is as high as that of the high tide, new ditches are dug, and the process can repeat.

Sometimes, it is too time-consuming to wait for the land to rise. In that case, it is possible to pump out the water in the enclosed area. This was done in the Netherlands, where many areas are below sea level. The problem with this approach is that it needs to be repeated, for example in the case of heavy rainfall.
Few examples are Kansai Airport in Osaka, Japan.

The creation of large, artificial islands, such as Palm Islands in Dubai or , which is part of the port of Rotterdam is not known as Land reclamation.

Jerry Maren

Jerry Maren (born Gerard Marenghi; January 24, 1920 – May 24, 2018) was an American actor and writer. He was the only confirmed surviving dwarf Munchkin from "The Wizard of Oz" (in 2014). 

The other surviving munchkin cast member was Ruth Robinson Duccini until she died in 2014. Maren is the last surviving male dwarf Munchkin from the movie and later the only living Munchkin actor since the death of Duccini. Maren retired from public appearances in September 2011.

Maren was born Gerard Marenghi in Boston, Massachusetts on January 24, 1920.

In the 1950s, Maren worked as a Little Oscar for the Oscar Mayer Company and as Buster Brown in television and radio commercials. Later he joined his friend Billy Barty in organizing Little People of America. Maren has also portrayed Mayor McCheese and The Hamburglar in commercials for McDonald's.

In the late 1970s, he was the dapper little man on "The Gong Show", heralding each show's big finish with an onslaught of confetti as Milton Delugg's band played "Hoop Dee Doo".

Maren also made a notable appearance in "The Odd Couple" episode 'Felix the Horseplayer' as Harry Tallman, a racehorse exerciser who was giving Oscar tips on winning horses.

Maren was married to Elizabeth Barrington from 1975 until her death at age 69 on January 27, 2011.

He lived in Southern California.

On May 24, 2018, Maren died in San Diego of heart failure complicated by dementia at the age of 98.

Ruth Duccini

Ruth Duccini (July 23, 1918 – January 16, 2014) was an American actress and writer. She was one of the last two surviving Munchkins from the 1939 movie "The Wizard of Oz". The other is Jerry Maren. Duccini was the last surviving female from the movie and also the oldest.

Her role in the movie as a Munchkin villager was not credited. Her most recent appearance was when she (along with the other surviving Munchkins from "The Wizard of Oz") was presented with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

While Duccini could not remember what she earned filming "Oz" in 2013. She said that the Munchkin village actors were paid $125 a week during filming.

Duccini made the news again when Baroness Margaret Thatcher died and critics of the former Prime Minister tried to propel "Ding-Dong! The Witch Is Dead" on the radio charts to celebrate her passing. Duccini and Maren both called the campaign "terrible" and were saddened by the movement while insisting the song was never to be used in such a way.

Duccini died on January 16, 2014 from natural causes in Las Vegas, Nevada, aged 95.


University of Leicester

The University of Leicester is a university in Leicester, England.



International Planning History Society

International Planning History Society (IPHS) is an international academic organization for urban planning history. The organization was established in 1974 at the University of Leicester, in Leicester, England as an academic group called "Planning History Group". In 1993, it became an international organization with architecture and urban planning faculties around the world and the name changed to "International Planning History Society". 



Yukuhashi, Fukuoka

Yukuhashi is a town in Fukuoka Prefecture, western Japan. It is south of Kitakyushu, near Oita Prefecture. It has around 70,000 people.


List of Atlantic hurricanes in the 18th century

While information for every storm that happened is not available, some parts of the coastline had enough people to give information of hurricane happenings. Each season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic basin. Most tropical cyclone formation occurs between June 1 and November 30.

Although not listed below, the Great Storm of 1703 that struck the Kingdom of England may have been a hurricane.

The 1780 Atlantic hurricane season was a very deadly hurricane season. About 25,000 people died mainly due to three storms in October.



Crossing the Rubicon

Crossing the Rubicon is a metaphor similar to "Burning one's bridges" and "the point of no return". It means passing a decisive point, where one cannot turn back. It comes from a genuine historical incident. The Rubicon is a shallow river in north-east Italy. According to Roman tradition and law Roman legions could not be brought south of the river without permission of the Roman Senate.

In 50 BC, the Senate, led by Pompey, ordered Julius Caesar to disband his army and return to Rome because his term as governor of Gaul had finished. Caesar thought he would be prosecuted if he entered Rome without the immunity enjoyed by a magistrate. Pompey accused Caesar of insubordination and treason.

Caesar and his army approached Rome and "crossed the Rubicon" in 49 BC. It was the point beyond which no army was supposed to go. The river marked the boundary between Cisalpine Gaul to the north, and Italy proper to the south. Pompey, the lawful Consul, and his friends, fled from Rome as Caesar's army approached. So began a civil war in which Caesar eventually triumphed.

What Caesar reportedly said at the crossing of the Rubicon is "Alea iacta est" ("The die is cast"). This is yet another metaphor. It comes from gambling with dice: once the die or dice have been thrown, no bets can be withdrawn or added, even before the dice have come to rest.

Pico Ruivo

Pico Ruivo ("red peak" in Portuguese) is, with its , the highest point of the island of Madeira and the third summit of Portugal (after Mount Pico in Pico Island, Azores, and Torre in continental Portugal).

Pico Ruivo is in the Central Mountainous Massif, in the municipality of Santana, where there are also other high mountains like the "Pico das Torres", with and the "Pico do Arieiro", with .

Although of moderate altitude, the top has a very rocky landscape. The only vegetation that can develop there is of plants that grow on or among rocks.

There are two main types of vegetation: one with heathers, widespread on the island, and another with few herbaceous plants. A special feature for this altitude is the presence of small shrubs and heather trees.

Some birds found on Pico Ruivo are the common blackbird, chaffinch and the Madeira firecrest. The red-legged partridge and the common linnet also nest on Pico Ruivo.

Until a few years ago, its slopes were used for raising goats, sheep and cows. However, to conserve the biodiversity in the region (such as the protection of the bird "freira-da-madeira" and plant communities in altitude), this practice was prohibited and the entire area around the peak is recovering.

The summit of Pico Ruivo can be reached only on foot:


Henry Polic II

Henry Polic II (February 20, 1945 – August 11, 2013) was a stage, screen, and voice actor. He was best known for his role as Jerry Silver in "Webster" and as the voice of Scarecrow in "".

Polic was born on February 20, 1945 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He studied at Florida State University. Polic died on August 11, 2013 in Los Angeles, California from cancer, aged 68.

Prince Friso of Orange-Nassau

Prince Friso of Orange-Nassau (Johan Friso Bernhard Christiaan David van Oranje-Nassau van Amsberg; 25 September 1968 – 12 August 2013) was a member of the Dutch Royal Family.

He was born on 25 September 1968 in the University Medical Center in Utrecht, Netherlands to Princess Beatrix and Prince Claus. He was a younger brother of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands. Because of his marriage without an Act of Consent in 2004, he lost his membership of the Dutch Royal House and was no longer in the line of succession to the Dutch throne. He worked as chief financial officer for Urenco Group.

On 17 February 2012, Prince Friso was buried under an avalanche in Lech, Austria, while skiing off piste. He was taken to a hospital in Innsbruck where he was in critical but stable condition.

According to his doctor, even though he was trapped for a relatively short time and hopes had originally been higher, subsequent neurological tests showed that after fifty minutes of cardiopulmonary resuscitation in moderate hypothermia he suffered massive brain damage due to oxygen shortage. The prince was in a minimally conscious state and it was unclear whether he would ever regain full consciousness. After nearly a year and a half in a coma, he died on 12 August 2013.


Russell's paradox

Russell's Paradox is the theory that states: If you have a list of lists that do not list themselves, then that list must list itself, because it doesn't contain itself. However, if it lists itself, it then contains itself, meaning it cannot list itself. This makes logical usages of lists of lists that don't contain themselves somewhat difficult. It was developed by Bertrand Russell.

Augusta Victoria Hospital

Augusta Victoria Hospital is a hospital on Mount of Olives, Jerusalem. It was built in 1907. It was named after Augusta Viktoria of Schleswig-Holstein, the wife of German Kaiser Wilhelm II.


Fulk III of Anjou

Fulk III "Nerra" (970–1040), was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou from 987 to his death. He built up Angevin power by building a network of castles. 

Fulk was the son of Geoffrey I, Count of Anjou and Adele of Meaux. He was born about 970. Fulk was born into a dynasty of counts going back nearly a hundred years. His father, grandfather, great-grandfather and second great-grandfather had all been counts of Anjou before him. His father, Geoffrey I had been preparing Fulk to be count as he raised him. He was about age seventeen when his father died and Fulk became the next count. Two years earlier, in 985, his father arranged for him to be married to Elizabeth de Vendome, daughter of Bouchard, Count of Vendome. His nickname "Nerra" meant 'the Black'. It was probably given to him after his death.

His first years as count were a constant fight for survival. His western borders and his holdings in Touraine were not secure. His concerns were mainly holding and defending Angevin interests. Fulk also faced opposition from the church. Bishop Renaud of Angers and Guntarius abbot of St. Aubin both thought they could take advantage of an inexperienced young count. They wanted to take back lands they lost to Fulk's father, Geoffrey. But Fulk had a powerful ally in his uncle, Bishop Guy of Le Puy. Guy stepped in and sent the abbot on a pilgrimage and used force against Bishop Renaud.

Fulk fought against Conan I of Rennes at the Battle of Conquereuil on 27 June 992. Even though Conan had lost a battle to Fulk's father years before, he was still a powerful force in the region. Defeating and killing Conan gave Fulk Nerra a reputation as a very capable commander. Fulk then extended his power over Maine and Touraine. 

Fulk Nerra had a longstanding rivalry with Odo II, Count of Blois. Hugh Capet, the king of France had supported the Angevins against Blois. But king Robert II of France had been married to Bertha, (Odo II's mother) and supported Blois against Anjou. The king opposed Fulk's designs on Touraine and this forced him to pull back to Anjou. When Fulk went to the Holy Land Odo II tried to take advantage. He built three new castles to counter those built by Fulk. When Robert II married again, this time to Constance of Arles, she was Fulk's cousin. Relations between the king and Fulk improved. When Count Hugh of Beauvais, a favorite of King Robert, began speaking against his new wife Constance, Fulk had him killed. This turned the king and the church against Fulk. To ask forgiveness, Fulk took a trip to the Holy Land (he made four total). When he returned he built a new monastery. The king decided to stay with Constance. He and Fulk reconcilled in Rome in 1016. That same year war broke out between Fulk and Odo II of Blois. Fulk allied with Herbert I, Count of Maine, called Wakedog, and they attacked Tours. Odo II came in response and the two met on 6 July 1016. Although he was knocked off his horse, Herbert Wakedog rescued him. Fulk defeated Odo II at the Battle of Pontlevoy. 

Odo II fell out of favor with king Robert. Robert asked Fulk to help him against Odo II, which he did. In 1026 when Odo II beseiged Montboyau, Fulk Nerra attacked Saumur. Fulk kept Samur while Odo II lost Montboyau. In the later part of his reign Fulk made several gains in the south including much of Poitou and built a castle there to protect his interests.

In defending his territory Fulk had a large number of castles and other fortifications built. Fulk used these castles both offensively and defensively. Some of his fortresses cut in half the territory of a neighboring lord. Others were used as forward bases for attacking Touraine.

Fulk could be ruthless at times. His treatment of his first wife is an example. When he thought she had committed adultery, he ordered his countess to be executed by burning. They had been married nearly fifteen years when she died. Fulk continued to control Vendome through their daughter, Adele, and her family. In 1028 Fulk and his second wife, Hildegarde, founded the abbey of Le Ronceray. Originally a church dedicated to St. Mary, Hildegard was very active in its rebuilding into an abbey. They gave the abbey many gifts including the forest of Lattay. Fulk died 1 April 1040 while returning from his last pilgrimage.

Fulk's first wife was Elizabeth de Vendome. Together they had a daughter: 
His second wife was Hildegard of Lorraine. Together they had two children: 

The Adventures of Tintin (movie)

The Adventured of Tintin or The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorns a 2011 American action-adventure movie. The film is based on three of Hergé's albums Crab With The Golden Claws, The Secret Unicorn and Red Rackham's Treasure.

It was directed by Steven Spielberg. It was produced by Peter Jackson and Kathleen Kennedy. It stars Jamie Bell, Andy Serkis, Daniel Craig, Nick Frost, Simon Pegg, and Enn Reitel. It was composed by John Williams.

It was released on December 21, 2011. A sequel will be released in 2015 called "" which is based on The Seven Crystal Balls and Prisoners Of The Sun. A third and final film, The Adventures Of Tintin 3, based on Destination Moon and Explorers On The Moon, will be released on 2018.


Vasiliy Mihaylovich Peskov

Vasiliy Mikhailovich Peskov (March 14, 1930 – August 12, 2013) was a Russian writer, journalist, photographer, traveler and ecologist.

He has worked in the Russian newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda since 1956. From 1975 until 1990 he conducted the TV programme "In the World of Animals" on Soviet TV.

Peskov was born on March 14, 1930 in Orlovo, Central Black Earth Oblast (now Voronezh Oblast), Soviet Union.

In 1964, he was awarded a Lenin Prize. In 1990, he was among the winners of UNEP's Global 500 Roll of Honour.

Peskov died on August 12, 2013 in Moscow, Russia. The cause of his death is currently unknown. He was 83 years old.



Order of the Aztec Eagle

The Order of the Aztec Eagle () is a Mexican order and is the highest decoration awarded to foreigners in the country. It is the highest honor in Mexico.

Recipients include Dwight D. Eisenhower, Elizabeth II, Nelson Rockefeller, Ted Kennedy, Cesar Chavez, Bill Gates,Donald Winkelmann and Nelson Mandela. The order was created in 1933.

It was created by decree on December 29, 1933 by President Abelardo L. Rodríguez as a reward to the services given to Mexico or humankind by foreigners. It is similar to awards given to Mexican citizens such as the Condecoración Miguel Hidalgo or the Belisario Domínguez Medal of Honor. It is given by the office of the foreign minister on the instructions of a Council established for this purpose headed by the President.





Division of Durack

The Division of Durack is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Western Australia. The Division is named after the pioneering Durack family. Author Mary Durack's wrote about the family history in her books, "Kings in Grass Castles" and "Sons in the Saddle". The division was set up in 2010. 

Durack covers the northern parts of Western Australia. It includes Geraldton, Broome, Carnarvon, Derby, Dongara, Kalbarri, Karratha, Kununurra, Meekatharra, Merredin, Moora, Mukinbudin, Newman, Port Hedland and Tom Price, as well as the Houtman Abrolhos islands.

At 1,587,758 km², Durack is the largest electorate in Australia by land area, covering most of Western Australia's land area.

Barry Haase was the member for the Division of Kalgoorlie which was abolished in the changes which established Durack.


Division of Gorton

The Division of Gorton is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up in 2004 and is named for Sir John Gorton, Prime Minister of Australia from 1968 to 1971. It covers the outer western suburbs of Melbourne. It includes the suburbs of Hillside, Delahey, Kings Park, Caroline Springs, Deer Park, Cairnlea and Melton as well as the satellite townships of Diggers Rest and Toolern Vale. 

Brendan O'Connor had also been the member for the Division of Burke. He has held several Ministerial positions in the Rudd Government and the Gillard Government These have included Immigration and Citizenship, Housing, Human Services, Skills and Training, Small Business, and Employment.


Division of Holt

The Division of Holt is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was created in 1969 and is named for Harold Holt, who was Prime Minister of Australia 1966–67. It covers the outer south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne. This includes Cranbourne, Doveton, Hampton Park, Endeavour Hills, Narre Warren, and Hallam. 

Gareth Evans was a member of the Senate before being elected to Holt. He was a Cabinet Minister in the Hawke and Keating Governments, including Foreign Minister. He was the Deputy Leader of the Opposition from 1996 to 1998.


James Dougherty (police officer)

James Dougherty (born April 12, 1921 – August 15, 2005) was an American policeman in the Los Angeles Police Department. He was Marilyn Monroe's first husband.

Dougherty was born in Texas. His parents were Ethel and Edward Dougherty. He was youngest of five children. His grandparents were immigrants from England and Ireland. When he was a child, he moved to Globe, Arizona with his parents.

He studied at Van Nuys, California High School and graduated in 1938. Jane Russell, who grew up to become a very famous actress was in the same graduating class as James Dougherty.

In 1942, when he was 20 years old, he met his neighbor, Norma Jeane Baker. She was 16 years-old and they married in Los Angeles. After the wedding, he joined the navy. They separated in 1946. He told the Sun-Journal in 1997, that he was in love with a small town girl, not an actress. Until Monroe died in 1962, he followed the career of his ex-wife.

In 1947, he married Patricia Scoman. They have three daughters Cheryl Ann Dougherty (born 1947), Vivian Kathleen Dougherty (born 1950), and Maria Irene Dougherty (born 1952). Dougherty and Scoman separated in 1972.

His third wife was Rita Lambert. They married in 1974 and moved to her hometown in Maine. They were married until she died in 2003.

At the age of 84 years, he died in August 2005 of leukemia.


Division of Lingiari

The Division of Lingiari is an Australian electoral division in the Northern Territory. It was created in 2000 and covers almost the entire Territory. The city of Darwin is in the Division of Solomon. Lingiari covers an area of , making it the second largest division in terms of area in Australia. The largest is the Division of Durack in Western Australia. Lingiari also includes the Christmas and Cocos (Keeling) Islands.

The division was named for Aboriginal rights activist Vincent Lingiari AM (1908–1988), who was a member of the Gurindji nation. 

Warren Snowden hheld a number of positions, including Minister for Veterans' Affairs, Minister for Defence Science and Personnel, Minister for Indigenous Health, and Minister Assisting the Prime Minister on the Centenary of Anzac during the Rudd and Gillard governments.


Sophie Germain prime

A Sophie Germain prime is a type of prime number. If a prime number is still prime after being multiplied by 2 and adding 1 to the answer, then the original prime is a Sophie Germain prime. A mathematical definition is: a prime number, denoted by "p", is a Sophie Germain prime if "2p+1" is also a prime number. "2p+1" is called a safe prime if it is a prime number.

Sophie Germain primes are named after the French mathematician Sophie Germain.

Many mathematicians believe that there are an infinite amount of Sophie Germain primes, but this has not been proven.

11 is a Sophie Germain prime because 23 ((2 × 11) + 1 = 23) is also a prime number.

13 is a prime number but not a Sophie Germain prime because 27 ((2 × 13) + 1 = 27) is not a prime number.

Touraine

Touraine () is one of the traditional provinces of France. Its capital was Tours. In 1790 France changed from being divided into provinces to being divided into departments. Touraine was divided between the departments of Indre-et-Loire, :Loir-et-Cher and Indre.

Touraine has a network of rivers. The Loire and its tributaries the Cher, the Indre and the Vienne all make up a part of the Paris river basin. It is well known for its wine. The TGV connects Tours with Paris. The trip takes less than an hour. This has made Touraine a place of residence for people who work in the capital but seek a different quality of life.

Touraine takes its name from a Celtic tribe called the Turones, who inhabited the Tours region about two thousand years ago. 
In 1044, the control of Touraine was given to the counts of Anjou. This same dynasty who (as the House of Plantagenet) became kings of England in 1154. The castle of Chinon was their great stronghold. In 1205, Philip II Augustus of France regained Touraine. At this time, Touraine was made into a Duchy. In 1429, Saint Joan of Arc had a historic meeting with the future King of France Charles VII at Chinon. Throughout the late 15th and 16th centuries, Touraine was a favorite residence of French kings. The castles were converted to Renaissance ; for this reason the region was titled "The Garden of France". These same châteaux became popular tourist attractions in modern times. The royal duchy became a province in 1584, and was divided into departments in 1790.



Emily Procter

Emily Mallory Procter (born October 8, 1968) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Detective Calleigh Duquesne on the television series "".

Procter was born in Raleigh, North Carolina and grew up there. She was adopted. Her parents William and Barbara divorced when she was three years old. She has an older brother Whit. She went to East Carolina University and got degrees in journalism and dance.

She went to the drama school for two years. She acted in movies like "Leaving Las Vegas" and "Jerry Maguire", before she graduated. In 1988, she got her first main role in the film "Breast Man".

Her breakthrough was on the TV series "". She played the role of Calleigh Duquesne from 2002 to 2012.

Eve Hewson

Eve Hewson (born 7 July 1991) is an Irish actress. She is the daughter of U2's lead singer Bono and Irish activist Ali Hewson. Her first big movie role was in Paolo Sorrentino's "This Must Be the Place" in 2011, with Sean Penn.

Hewson was born on 7 July 1991 in Dublin. She was named Eve because she was born on 7 July at 7:00pm, and "eve" is the middle of the word "seven". She has three siblings. She was educated at St. Andrew's College in Dublin and attended New York University (NYU).

U2 song "Kite" was based on a time when Bono his daughters to fly kite on Killiney Hill. When the kite smashed, Eve asked if they could go home to play with their Tamagotchis.

Hewson's parents did not want her to be a performer. However she was in a short movie in 2005 with her sister. This was Erica Dunton's short movie, "Lost and Found". her first feature-length movie was in 2008, in Dunton's "The 27 Club". The same year Hewson took part in an acting programme at the New York Film Academy. In 2010 she was in a music video and short movie for Irish band The Script's song "For the First Time".

In 2011 Hewson acted with Sean Penn and Frances McDormand in Paolo Sorrentino's "This Must Be the Place". Her role was a young punk called Mary. She will play Yvonne in a new movie called Blood Ties by French director Guillaume Canet. Hewson received her degree from New York University on 22 May 2013. Her father turned down an offer of an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters on the same day.

In July 2013 Jack Quaid from "The Hunger Games" and Hewson asked fans for money for a new movie called "Roadies" using crowdsourcing.

Ali Hewson

Alison "Ali" Hewson (née Stewart; 23 March 1961) is an Irish activist and businesswoman. She is the wife of singer and musician Paul Hewson, known as Bono, from the rock group U2.

Raised in Raheny, she met her future husband at a young age at Mount Temple Comprehensive School and married him in 1982. She has a degree in politics and sociology from University College Dublin in 1989. The couple have four children together and live at residences in Ireland, France, and the United States. She has inspired several U2 songs, most famously "Sweetest Thing".

Alison Stewart was born on 23 March 1961,the daughter of Terry and Joy Stewart and the granddaughter of Hector Grey, a well known Dublin trader and shop owner. Alison studied at Mount Temple Comprehensive School where, at the age of twelve, she met Paul Hewson, who was a grade ahead of her.

She married Bono on 21 August 1982 in a Church of Ireland ceremony at All Saints Church, Raheny. In debt to U2's label, Island Records, the couple did not have ready funds for a honeymoon, but label head Chris Blackwell gave them use of the Goldeneye estate he owned in Jamaica. At first, the newly married couple shared a small mews house in Howth with the rest of the band. It took her a while to enjoy the band's music, as her own tastes ran toward her father's Frank Sinatra and Nat King Cole records.

In 1992, Hewson participated in Greenpeace protests against the Sellafield plant for nuclear reprocessing, located across the Irish Sea in Cumbria, England. This involvement led her to become interested in the Chernobyl nuclear disaster of 1986.

Since 1994, Hewson has been a patron of Chernobyl Children's Project International

In 2005, Hewson, Bono and designer Rogan Gregory co-founded the Edun fashion label ("nude" spelled backwards, to suggest both "natural" and the Garden of Eden). It was intended to help bring about positive change in Africa through a fair trade-based relationship rather than by direct aid.

Songs written by Bono that were at least in part inspired by Ali go back to the earliest period of the band's recording career, with the track "Another Time, Another Place" off their 1980 first album, "Boy". She helped Bono get through a bad period of writer's block during the lead-up to the 1983 "War" album and especially in the lyric composition for "Sunday Bloody Sunday". She was the inspiration for the personal themes of "New Year's Day" on that record as well. The album and the accompanying War Tour brought financial success to the band, and Bono and Ali moved into a three-level, three-room Martello tower in Bray for some years. The group's 1984 song "Promenade" reflects both that location and the spiritual aspects of his desire for her.

The U2 song "Sweetest Thing" was written for Hewson as a gift because Bono forgot her birthday whilst recording with the band during "The Joshua Tree" sessions. Originally released as a B-side in 1987, it was later re-recorded and released as a single from the compilation album "The Best of 1980–1990" in 1998. Hewson agreed to appear in the single's music video as long as all proceeds from it went to Chernobyl Children's Project.


Division of Solomon

The Division of Solomon is an Australian Electoral Division in the Northern Territory. It covers the cities of Darwin (including the surrounding suburbs) and Palmerston. The only other division in the territory, the Division of Lingiari, covers the remainder of the territory.

The division was created in 2000. It is named for Vaiben Solomon, a Premier of South Australia, and member of the first Australian Parliament. He represented the Northern Territory in the South Australian House of Assembly, when it was still part of that state.


Izalco (volcano)

Izalco is a volcano in the west part of El Salvador. It is a black color. Izalco is near the Santa Ana volcano, which is three kilometers to the south.

Madeiran wall lizard

The Madeira wall lizard ("Teira dugesii") or Madeira lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family, and the only member of the genus "Teira".

This Madeira wall lizard is endemic to the Madeira Islands, Portugal, where it is abundant. In the Azores, this lizard is found after involuntary introduction during the 19th century by ship trade between the two archipelagos, but the lizards have never reached the population numbers as in their territory of origin. There is also a small population in the port area of Lisbon, probably accidentally transported in ships carrying bananas, and first found in 1992; a study of 2001 found that the population has remained stable in size since its discovery.

The species was named after the French zoologist Louis Antoine Dugès (1797–1838).

The subspecies "Teira dugesii mauli" (Mertens, 1938) from the Desertas Islands now is a synonym of "Teira dugesii dugesii". "Atlantolacerta andreanskyi" (Andreansky's lizard) from Morocco, and "Scelarcis perspicillata" (Menorca wall lizard) from Morocco, Algeria and Minorca, were in the genus "Teira" but now are in other genera.

The species "Teira dugessii" presents three subspecies:

These lizards can reach in length, although adults have usually between . Their color can vary from light brown to dark gray, but with some of them (usually males) may show other colors, like green, blue and violet. Males can be easily distinguished from females due to the presence of a yellow at the bottom of the hind legs.

The females lay two to three groups of eggs annually. And some individuals could live to 16 years or more.
Despite being essentially an insectivorous species, ripe fruits and berries (especially blackberries) are also part of their diet.

This species is generally found in arid areas where the vegetation is not dense. It may also occur in open woodland, areas with rocks and where crops are grown.


Moab

Moab (not to be confused with Moab, the city in Utah) is the historical name for an area of land in Jordan. The mountainous land covers the eastern shore of the Dead Sea. In ancient times, it was the Kingdom of Möab. There have been many archaeological findings that have helped reconstruct its history. It is also described in the Old Testament of the Bible. According to Genesis (19:37), it was inhabited by the children of Moab, a grandson and sonof Lot. The Moabites were often at war with its neighbours to the west, the Israelites.

The capital of Moab was Dibon.

A well-known Moabite is Ruth. According to the Biblical Book of Ruth, she married an Israelite man and became the greatgrandmother of king David.



Suffering

Suffering is pain or mental or emotional unhappiness caused by bad things happening, like disasters or illness. It is an important topic in philosophy, and religion. Much health care exists to help people who are suffering. It is proposed to be defined as an unpleasant experience as it affects a person at a psychophysical and existential level.



The Defiant Ones

The Defiant Ones is a 1958 American black and white movie which tells the story of two escaped prisoners, one white and one black, who are shackled together and who must co-operate in order to survive. It stars Tony Curtis, Sidney Poitier, Theodore Bikel, Cara Williams, Charles McGraw, and Lon Chaney, Jr.. Ivan Dixon was a stunt double for Sidney Poitier.

Ruby (color)

Ruby is a deep red color that is a representation of the color of the cut and polished ruby gemstone. 

The first written use of "ruby" as a color name in English was in 1572.



Penny Ur

Penny Ur (born 1944) is a professor at Oranim and Haifa University. She retired as head of the Masters of Education program at the Oranim Academic College of Education. Ur studied at several universities earning her Master of Arts at Oxford University, PGCE at Cambridge University, Master of Arts in Teaching English as a Foreign Language at Reading University. She moved from the United Kingdom to Israel in 1967. She taught in primary and secondary schools in Israel for more than 30 years. She is interested in language-teaching methodologies, how they change the ways teachers teach, and English as a lingua franca. She writes for the Learning English section of the Guardian Weekly.

Ur received the OBE (Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire) for her work as an English language teacher. 


Feng shui

Feng Shui () is a Chinese system of luck. It has to do with the laws which help one improve luck.

Feng Shui means "wind and water" in Chinese. Invented by the Taoists, many people implement its philosophies in their everyday lives. Feng Shui has five basic "elements", they are: Fire, Earth, Metal, Water, and Wood. These elements are set up in a specific way so that it shows Fire makes Earth, Earth creates Metal, Metal holds Water, Water nurtures Wood, and Wood feeds Fire. Also, Earth dams Water, Water extinguishes Fire, Fire melts Metal, Metal cuts Wood, and Wood consumes Earth.

There are multiple Feng Shui schools such as "The Western School of Feng Shui" and "The American Feng Shui Institute"

Adam Rodríguez

Adam Michael Rodríguez (born April 2, 1975) is an American actor. He is best known for his long running role as Eric Delko on "".

Rodríguez was born in Yonkers, New York. His parents are Janet and Ramon Rodríguez. He is Puerto Rican and Cuban. He studied at Clarkstown High School North in New City, New York with the NFL player Keith Bullock of the New York Giants. He graduated in 1993.

Rodríguez wanted to become a baseball player. Because of an injury, he could not do that. Afterwards, he wanted to become an actor. His first casting was at the age of 10 years for "The Cosby Show".

Exogeny

Exogeny refers to coming from the outside. People, planets, computers, and anything else can be influenced either by things in its environment or by things within itself. Things from within itself are indigenous.

The Earth is shaped by many geological processes. The forces that make these things happen come from both inside and outside the Earth.

In geology, exogenous processes come from forces "on or above" the Earth's surface. Processes caused by forces from "within" the Earth are endogenous processes. "Exo" is a prefix meaning "out", and "endo" is a prefix meaning "in".

Many exogenous (extraterrestrial) forces are caused by other bodies in the Solar System. For example, the Moon causes tides in the Earth's oceans and other big bodies of water. Impacts from comets and meteoroids change the surface of the Earth. When they strike the Earth, they make craters in the ground.

The Sun is the main exogenous influence in the Solar System. It has many effects on Earth. Radiation from the Sun is a main cause of the surface temperature of the Earth, and for the growth of plant life. We are partly shielded from the Sun's solar wind by the Earth's magnetic field. Storms of solar particles would otherwise strip away the ozone layer which protects us from ultraviolet radiation. Sometimes we see aurorae, which are lights that can be seen at night near the poles.

An example of an exogenous process that is not as a result of bodies in space is erosion. Erosion is mostly made by precipitation such as rain and snow, and by wind. 

There are three main endogenous geological processes: folding, faulting and volcanism. They take place mainly along the plate boundaries. These are the zones on the edges of plates. Endogenous processes cause many major landform features.

Boeing E-6 Mercury

The Boeing E-6 Mercury is a U.S. military aircraft. It is used by the US Navy as airborne headquarters and a communication aircraft. It is the biggest aircraft of the U.S. Navy. Boeing E-6 Mercury is a military variant of the Boeing 707 airliner. Its use is to re-power the world after a Russian or Chinese Nuclear Attack.

Boeing E-3 Sentry

The Boeing E-3 Sentry is a military aircraft. It is used as AWACS by US Air Force, NATO and three foreign operators: France, Saudi Arabia, and the UK. It is a military variant of the famous Boeing 707 airliner.

This kind of aircraft was used in the Gulf War, as well as in the War in Afghanistan.

Fiat G.91

The Fiat G.91 is a military aircraft designed and built in Italy. It was built for a NATO request as a light fighter jet and training aircraft. It was used in Germany, Italy, and Portugal.

Tonic immobility

Tonic immobility is a natural state of paralysis that animals enter, often called animal hypnosis. Its function is not certain. It may be related to mating in certain animals like sharks and mammalia. It may also be a way of avoiding or deterring predators (playing dead is called thanatosis).

Tonic immobility has also been used for the paralysis that often immobilizes animals, such as rodents or birds, when they feel threatened by a predator. Tonic immobility plays a role in survival if it helps a hunted animal to blend in with its surroundings. 

Tonic immobility can be induced without causing any apparent stress to the animal. For example, stroking a particular area of a lobster's shell or focusing a hen's attention on a line on the ground.

Tonic immobility has also been said to occur in humans that are subject to intense trauma, such as rape or sexual assault. Catatonia in humans is a serious psychiatric condition that often involves a state of immobility.

Some sharks can be placed in a tonic state. The shark remains in this state of paralysis for an average of fifteen minutes before it recovers. Scientists have exploited this phenomenon to study shark behaviour. 

Some sharks go into tonic immobility when they are turned upside down. With tiger sharks (measuring 3–4 metres, or 10–15 feet, in length), tonic immobility may be achieved by placing hands lightly on the sides of the animal's snout in the area surrounding its eyes. Scientists believe that tonic immobility in sharks may be related to mating, because female sharks seem more responsive than males. During tonic immobility, the dorsal fin(s) straighten, and both breathing and muscle contractions become more steady and relaxed.

Great White Sharks are not so responsive as other species when tonic immobility has been attempted. In an interesting eye witness case off the coast of California, a female orca was seen holding the shark upside down to induce tonic immobility. It kept the shark still for fifteen minutes, causing it to suffocate to death. This was the first recorded eye witness case of predation on a great white shark in the wild by a species other than humans. Another case of orcas purposely inducing tonic immobility in fish has been seen with stingrays in New Zealand. In this case, the orcas turn themselves upside down before attacking, trap the stingrays in their mouths, then quickly right themselves, in turn flipping the stingray over, inducing the tonic immobility, rendering the fish helpless and an easy meal.

A chicken can be "hypnotized", or put into a trance, by holding its head down against the ground, and drawing a line along the ground with a stick or a finger, starting at the beak and extending straight outward in front of the chicken. If the chicken is hypnotized in this manner, it will remain immobile for somewhere between 15 seconds and 30 minutes, continuing to stare at the line. One theory is that the trance is caused by fear, which is probably a defensive mechanism intended to feign death, albeit rather poorly.

The first known written reference for this method came in 1646, in "Mirabile Experimentum de Imaginatione Gallinae" by Athanasius Kircher in Rome. 

Another hypnosis technique is to hold the chicken face up with its back on the ground, and then run a finger downwards from the chicken's wattles to just above its vent. The chicken's feet are exposed, which facilitates the application of medication for foot mites, etc. Clapping hands or giving the chicken a gentle shove will awaken it.

One can also hypnotize a chicken by mimicking how it sleeps with its head under its wing. In this method, hold the bird firmly, placing its head under its wing, then, gently rock the chicken back and forth and set it very carefully on the ground. It should stay in the same position for about 30 seconds. H.B. Gibson, in his book "Hypnosis: its nature and therapeutic uses", says the record period for a chicken remaining in hypnosis is 3 hours 47 minutes.

Trout tickling is the art of rubbing the underbelly of a trout using fingers. If done properly, the trout will go into a trance-like state after a minute or so, and can then easily be thrown onto the nearest bit of dry land.

The rationale for the tonic immobility test is that the experimenter simulates a predator thereby eliciting an anti-predator response "death feigning". The precept is that the prey animal 'pretends' to be dead to be able to escape when/if the predator relaxes its concentration. Death feigning birds often take advantage of escape opportunities; tonic immobility in quail reduces the probability of the birds being predated by cats.

To induce tonic immobility, the animal is gently restrained on its side or back for a period of time, e.g. 15 seconds. This is done either on a firm, flat surface or sometimes in a purpose-built ‘V’ or ‘U’-shaped restraining cradle. In rodents, the response is sometimes induced by additionally pinching or attaching a clamp to the skin at the nape of the neck. Scientists record behaviours, such as the number of inductions (15 second restraining periods) required for the animal to remain still, the latency to the first major movements (often cycling motions of the legs), latency to first head or eye movements and the duration of immobility, sometimes called the ‘righting time’. 

Tonic immobility has been used to show that hens in cages are more fearful than those in pens. Hens on the top tier of tiered battery cages are more fearful than those on the lower levels. Hens carried by hand are more fearful than hens carried on a mechanical conveyor. Hens transported for longer times are more fearful than those transported for shorter times.

Tonic immobility as a scientific tool has also been used with mice, gerbils, guinea pigs, rats, rabbits. pigs and monkeys.

God's Gonna Cut You Down

"God's Gonna Cut You Down", also known as "Run On" and "Run On for a Long Time", is a traditional folk song which has been recorded by many artists representing many genres. The lyrics are a warning to sinners that no matter how hard they try, they will not avoid God's judgment. Johnny Cash sang this song for an album called "" (2006).

Hurt (Nine Inch Nails song)

"Hurt" is a song written by Trent Reznor. It was first released on Nine Inch Nails' 1994 album "The Downward Spiral". It received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Song in 1996 but lost to Alanis Morissette's "You Oughta Know".

Originally recorded by Nine Inch Nails, the song "Hurt" has been adapted and covered by several artists, including Johnny Cash and Leona Lewis. The song clearly includes references to self-harm and heroin addiction, although the overall meaning of the song is unknown. 

In 2002, Johnny Cash covered the song for his album, "". The line "crown of shit" was changed to "crown of thorns", not only removing profanity from the lyrics, but also more directly referencing Christ and Cash's devout Christianity. Its accompanying video, featuring images from Cash's life and directed by Mark Romanek, was named the best video of the year by the Grammy Awards and CMA Awards, and the best video of all time by "NME" in July 2011. The cover was released on a single with the B-side 'Personal Jesus', a cover of the Depeche Mode single.

Folsom Prison Blues

"Folsom Prison Blues" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Cash. The song combines two popular folk genres, the train song and the prison song. Cash would continue to use these genres for the rest of his career. It became one of Cash's best known songs.

Man in Black (song)

"Man in Black" (or "The Man in Black") is a song written and sung by Johnny Cash. The song was said to be based on Cash himself. It was originally released on his 1971 album of the same name. Cash himself was known as "The Man in Black" for his distinctive style of on-stage costuming. It was one of Cash's famous songs.

Kingsland, Arkansas

Kingsland is a city in Cleveland County, Arkansas, United States. Its population was 347 at the 2020 U.S. census. It is included in the Pine Bluff, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is famous as the birthplace of legendary country music artist Johnny Cash.

Vasoconstriction

Vasoconstriction occurs when blood vessels become narrower because of the tightening of the muscles in their walls. Its opposite is vasodilation, which is when blood vessels widen. For example, when you are cold, blood vessels near the skin vasoconstrict so that you don't lose too much heat from your blood. 

When blood vessels vasoconstrict, this increases blood pressure. Sometimes, blood pressure is too high and this can cause heart disease, so people have to take medicine to make the muscles in the blood vessels relax. 

Jeannette Littlemore

Jeannette Littlemore studies applied linguistics in the English Language department at the University of Birmingham. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in European Studies at the University of Bradford in 1989, Master of Arts in Applied Linguistics and English Language Teaching at the University of East Anglia in 1993, and PhD in English Language Teaching at Thames Valley University in 1998. She has taught in Spain, Japan, Belgium, and the UK. One of her research interests is the use of metaphor and gestures.


List of women linguists


Wish I Was Here

Wish I Was Here is an American comedy drama movie directed by Zach Braff. It was released on July 18, 2014. It is about Aidan Bloom (Zach Braff), a struggling actor, father and husband. He is trying to find the purpose of his life at the age of 35.



A Boy Named Sue

"A Boy Named Sue" is a song written by Shel Silverstein. It was first made popular by Johnny Cash. Cash was at the height of his popularity when he recorded the song live at California's San Quentin State Prison at a concert on February 24, 1969. The concert was taped by Granada Television. It was later shown as a television program. Carl Perkins played guitar during the performance. 

The sound recording of the concert was later released on Cash's "At San Quentin" album by Columbia Records. Cash also sang the song as a comedy performance in December 1969 at Madison Square Garden. 

The song became Cash's biggest hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It was his only top ten single there, spending three weeks at No. 2 in 1969. The track was also at the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs and Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts that same year. It was certified Gold on August 14, 1969, by the RIAA.

Shel Silverstein's recording was released the same year as "Boy Named Sue". It was a single on his album "Boy Named Sue (and His Other Country Songs)". It was produced by Chet Atkins and Felton Jarvis.

The story of the song was inspired by the writer Jean Shepherd, a close friend of Shel Silverstein. He was often made fun of as a child because of his feminine-sounding name.

In his autobiography, Cash wrote that he had just been given the song and only read it a couple of times. It was included in that concert just to try it out. He did not know the words when he first sang it. On the video recording, he can be seen regularly looking at a piece of paper. Cash was surprised at how well the song went over with the audience. 

Let It Be (song)

"Let It Be" is a song by The Beatles, released in March 1970 as a single, and (in an alternate mix) as the title track of their album "Let It Be". 

It was written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon. It was their final single before McCartney announced his departure from the band (by that time, Lennon had already left). 

Both the "Let It Be" album and the US single "The Long and Winding Road" were released after McCartney's announced departure from and subsequent break-up of the group.

"Let It Be" holds the number-one spot on "The Fans' Top 10" poll included in "The 100 Best Beatles Songs: An Informed Fan's Guide" by Stephen J. Spignesi and Michael Lewis. The song is number three in the 100 Best Beatles Songs list, only behind "Strawberry Fields Forever" and "A Day in the Life", which is number one.


Escape from New York

Escape from New York is a 1981 American science fiction movie. It was released on July 10, 1981. It was directed by John Carpenter and written by Nick Castle. The film's total budget was estimated to be US$6 million.

It stars Kurt Russell.

The cast includes Donald Pleasence (as the President of the United States), Isaac Hayes, Adrienne Barbeau, Harry Dean Stanton, Lee Van Cleef, Ernest Borgnine, Tom Atkins, Charles Cyphers, Ox Baker, and Jamie Lee Curtis as introduction narrator (uncredited).

A following movie was released called, "Escape from L.A.".

Escape from L.A.

Escape from L.A. is a 1996 American science fiction movie directed by John Carpenter. It stars Kurt Russell, Cliff Robertson, Steve Buscemi, Peter Fonda, Stacy Keach, Bruce Campbell, and Pam Grier. Robertson replaced Donald Pleasence as President due to his death in 1995. It was sequel for "Escape from New York". It was released on August 9, 1996.

Blue Jasmine

The movie Blue Jasmine is a 2013 drama movie. This was directed by Woody Allen. The subject talks about an NYC area woman by the name Jasmine, whose life completely falls apart, at which point she then relocates to San Francisco. This movie was released in July and August 2013. It has received very enthusiastic reviews by the critics. Woody Allen would not release "Blue Jasmine" in India. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 2014.

The Thing (1982 movie)

The Thing (also known as John Carpenter's The Thing) is a 1982 American science fiction horror monster movie directed by John Carpenter. It stars Kurt Russell, Wilford Brimley, Richard Dysart, Richard Masur and Donald Moffat. The movie's title refers to the main antagonist: a parasitic extraterrestrial lifeform that violently assimilates other organisms and in turn changes into their shape. The Thing enters an Antarctic research station, taking the appearance of the researchers that it absorbs, and paranoia develops within the group. It was released on June 25, 1982.


Poseidon (movie)

Poseidon is a 2006 American disaster movie directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It is a remake of "The Poseidon Adventure". It was distributed by Warner Bros.. It stars Josh Lucas, Kurt Russell and Richard Dreyfuss. It was released on May 12, 2006.


Air Force One (movie)

Air Force One is a 1997 American action-thriller movie written by Andrew W. Marlowe and directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It is about a group of Russian terrorists hijacking Air Force One. It stars Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, Glenn Close, Xander Berkeley, Jürgen Prochnow, William H. Macy, Dean Stockwell, Wendy Crewson, Philip Baker Hall and Paul Guilfoyle. The President of the United States Bill Clinton praised it. The movie was composed by Jerry Goldsmith. It was released on July 25, 1997. It received positive reviews from critics. It currently has a 78% on rotten tomatoes and has a score of 61 out of 100.


Triangular trade

The triangular trade refers to trade between three ports or regions. Triangular trade usually develops when a region is exporting resources that are not needed in the region from which its main imports come. Instead, the resources are exported to a third region. The routes involved were historically also shaped by the winds and currents during the age of sailing ships.

The best-known triangular trading systems were across the Atlantic Ocean, especially the Atlantic slave trade, which lasted from the late 16th to early 19th centuries. During this time, European countries such as Britain, Spain and France had colonies in the Americas and Africa. The ships carrying slaves, crops and manufactured goods between West Africa, the Caribbean and American colonies and the colonial powers in Europe. The use of African slaves was very important to growing colonial cash crops, which were exported to Europe. European goods, in turn, were used to buy African slaves, which were then brought west from Africa to the Americas to work on the crops. The middle passage of the triangular trade refers to the transportation of the slaves to America.

The Atlantic economy was tied into the idea of mercantilism, which thought it was a good idea for European countries to have a lot of colonies that traded only with them. Goods that were traded in the Atlantic economy were rum, slaves, sugar, tobacco, gold, spices, fish, lumber and manufactured goods. Triangular trading became less common in the 20th century due to free trade and ships specialized for particular cargoes.


Waistline (clothing)

The waistline is the part of a piece of clothing that sits on the wearer's waist. The actual position of the waitline can be different depending on the fashion or how the person chooses to wear the garment, but it is normally just above the hips.

Waistlines can be secured with a variety of methods, such as buttons, knots and zippers. A waistband is a strip of elastic rubber that adjusts to keep the item tight against the body.

Waistline

Waistline can mean several things:


Heliocentrism

Heliocentrism is the idea that the Earth and other planets revolve around the Sun, which is the center of the solar system. Many people proposed heliocentrism, such as Aristarchus of Samos from ancient Greece, but Nicolaus Copernicus was the first to think of good reasons why it is true. This was the beginning of modern astronomy.

Before Copernicus, most people thought that the Sun and the other planets revolved around the Earth (this was called geocentrism). This is because if you stand on Earth, it looks like the Sun and stars are moving across the sky. However, when people watched for many years they saw many things that did not make sense if the Earth was the center of the Solar system. For example, sometimes the planets seemed to move back and forth instead of moving around the Earth. Copernicus explained why these things happen in 1543, when he published the book "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium" ("On the revolutions of the heavenly spheres"). This gave his reasons for thinking the Sun was at the center instead.

Other astronomers who made further advances after Copernicus were Johannes Kepler and Galileo Galilei. For example, Kepler showed that the planets do not orbit in perfect circles, and Galileo built very good telescopes that helped to confirm the heliocentric model.

Copernicus also thought that the sun was the center of the universe, but we now know that this is incorrect. The Sun is part of the Milky Way galaxy which is one out of billions of galaxies.


Trance

Trance describes a state of mind. A trance is when a person is conscious, and not sleeping, but is unaware of what is happening around him or her.

The term "trance" is associated with hypnosis, meditation, magic, flow, religion, and certain kinds of music. It is an "altered state of consciousness".

There are many efforts to define what a trance is. Some think it is a borderland between normal consciousness and spirituality

The most straightforward example is when a person is hypnotized, they are in a trance. Conscious, and responding to the hypnotist, the person seems to block out other thoughts and other information.

Another common example is the day-dream, where a person's mind drifts across private thoughts. Everyone daydreams, but young children constantly daydream, and have vivid imaginary fantasies. This is entirely normal. In the language of psychology, this kind of temporary separation from one's surroundings is called "dissociation". Research shows that a lot is going on when we daydream.

There are many examples of trance in religion. African animistic religions, such as that of the Yoruba, feature dances in celebration of the spirits. Under the influence of rhythm and song, a group dances, often for hours at a time. During this time, various members of the group may fall into trances, and some may act as if possessed by one of the spirits being worshiped. States of "spiritual ecstasy" are known in most forms of Christian worship. It is a main part of those aspects of religion known as "mysticism".


Spitzer Space Telescope

The Spitzer Space Telescope is a telescope launched into space by NASA in 2003. It is the fourth telescope in the Great Observatories program (the Hubble Space Telescope was the first). The Hubble Space Telescope takes pictures of visible light, and the Spitzer Space Telescope takes pictures of infrared light. Unlike Hubble, Spitzer orbits the Sun instead of the Earth.

The Spitzer Space Telescope is named after the scientist Lyman Spitzer. It was planned to last for 2.5 years, but it actually lasted until 2009 when it exhausted its supply of coolant. Some parts of the telescope can work even when they are warm, and are still working.

The Spitzer Space Telescope was able to see very good detail. Spitzer was the first telescope that could see light from extrasolar planets (planets outside the Solar System.) It was also able to see some of the first stars in the universe, believed to be only 100 million years after the Big Bang.


Age of the universe

In cosmology, the age of the universe is the amount of time since the Big Bang. The best measurement of the age of the Universe is 13.8 billion years (specifically, 13.798±0.037 billion years). The most recent and most accurate measurements were made by the Planck spacecraft. These measurements were made using the cosmic microwave background radiation and the expansion of the Universe.

In the 1800s, evidence from geology showed that the Earth was at least millions of years old. Later, it was thought that the universe was unchanging. However, in the 1920s, Georges Lemaître and Edwin Hubble determined that the universe was expanding (see Hubble's law). Although the estimates made using the initial data were low, radioactive dating on Earth could be used to give measurements of 11–20 billion years to 13–15 billion years. Eventually, scientists were able to make much better measurements using spacecraft.

Essentially unknown, but there are various theories that explain the possible future of planet Earth. There are various scientific theories that explains how the Earth might end. Among of them, one of the most popular theories is that the Sun will eventually become a red giant and consume the Earth. However, there are other logical theories that explain how the Earth might end.

Yoruba

Yoruba can mean:


Nominative case

In grammar, the nominative case is the grammatical case used when talking about the subject of the sentence. For example, "the boy kissed the girl." 
The boy is the subject, so the nominative case is used.

Genitive case

In grammar, the genitive case is the grammatical case used when talking about possession: something that belongs to someone. For example, in the sentence "the boy's bike was red," the bike belongs to the boy. The word "boy's" is in the genitive case. 

NuSTAR

NuSTAR is a telescope launched into space by NASA in 2012. It is the eleventh satellite in the "Small Explorer" program. Telescopes in space can see much better than on Earth, because the telescopes on Earth need to look through the atmosphere. 

NuSTAR measures high-energy X-rays, which have a much higher frequency than visible light. It uses special optical devices to do this, so it works differently from a normal telescope. This type of telescope is called a Wolter telescope.

NuSTAR is searching for black holes. It is also looking at supernovae to help understand how the chemical elements are created. One of the first discoveries made by NuSTAR, along with another space telescope called XMM-Newton, was to measure the spin rate of a supermassive black hole for the first time.


Malahide

Malahide is a town near Dublin, Ireland. It is on the coast, right beside the estuary. It is in the administrative county of Fingal, and the traditional County Dublin, Ireland.

Carmelo Flores Laura

Carmelo Flores Laura (likely born July 16, 1906 – June 9, 2014) was a centenarian from Bolivia, who some believed to be born in 1890. That would have made him the person living to be the oldest ever known. However, other documents was found, that indicated he was actually born in 1906. Flores himself only said that he was about 100 years or more, which in that case was correct.

Laura was born on July 16, 1906 in Bolivia. 

Carmelo Flores Laura worked for the rancher who owned Frasquia, a rural area of Bolivia near Lake Titicaca, until 1952. At that time, the government seized the land and redistributed it to peasants such as Flores. He has lived there since, never traveling father than La Paz, from his home.

Flores had three children, one of which is alive as of 2013 (Cecilio, aged 67). He has 40 grandchildren and 19 great-grandchildren. His wife died in the 2000s. 

The Bolivian government was said to be planning to officially honor Flores as "a living heritage" of the Bolivian people.

A police ID card and entry in the civil registry stating Flores was born on July 16, 1890 were shown to reporters. The longest fully documented lifespan in history is 122 years and 164 days, achieved by France's Jeanne Calment. 

Flores himself only said "I should be about 100 years old or more," when asked about his age. The Gerontology Research Group found a baptismal certificate that indicated Flores was actually 107 years rather than 123.

Laura died in an Andean village in Bolivia, aged 107.

John Barry

John Barry Prendergast, OBE (3 November 1933 – 30 January 2011) was an English composer and conductor of movie music.

He composed the soundtracks for 11 of the "James Bond" movies between 1963 and 1987, and also arranged and performed the "James Bond Theme" to the first movie in the series, 1962's "Dr. No". He wrote the scores to the award winning films "Midnight Cowboy", "Dances with Wolves" and "Out of Africa", in a career spanning over 50 years. In 1999 he was appointed OBE for services to music.

Barry was born on 3 November 1933 in York, Yorkshire, England. He studied at St Peter's School, York.

Barry was married four times. His first three marriages, to Barbara Pickard (1959–63), Jane Birkin (1965–68), and Jane Sidey (1969–78) all ended in divorce. He was married to Laurie from 1978 until his death. The couple had a son, Jonpatrick. Barry had three daughters, Suzanne (Susie) with his first wife, Barbara, Kate with his second wife, Jane, and Sian from a relationship with Ulla Larson between the first two marriages.

Barry died of a heart attack on 30 January 2011 at his Oyster Bay home, aged 77. He is survived by Laurie, his wife of 33 years, and by his four children and five grandchildren.

Barry stated composers like Alfred Newman, Elmer Bernstein, Henry Mancini, Franz Waxman, Max Steiner, Stan Kenton, Duane Eddy, Chet Baker, Duke Ellington, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Dimitri Tiomkin, Gil Evans, Nino Rota, Count Basie and Bernard Herrmann as influences.

Olinguito

The Olinguito ("Bassaricyon neblina"), is a newly identified mammal of genus "Bassaricyon". It is part of the Procyonidae family which also include raccoons. 

Its discovery was announced on 15 August 2013 by the curator of mammals at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. The curator discovered specimens of the species in storage at the Field Museum of Natural History and used DNA testing to confirm a new species.

Specimens of the species have been identified from the cloud forest stretching from central Colombia to western Ecuador. Four subspecies of the olinguito have been described.

The animal is mainly a frugivore, as well as solitary and nocturnal. It produces a single offspring at a time.

Jericho

Jericho is a very old city in the West Bank. It is mentioned in the Book of Joshua. In 2007 18,346 people lived there.


Marvin Kaplan

Marvin Kaplan (January 24, 1927 – August 25, 2016) is an American actor. He is known for providing the voice of Choo-Choo in "Top Cat". He is also known for appearing in the comedy movie "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" (1963) and "The Great Race."

Kaplan was born on January 24, 1927 in Brooklyn, New York. His career began in 1949. He was married to Rosa Felsenberg from 1973 until they divorced in 1976. 

He died on August 25, 2016 in Burbank, California of heart failure, aged 89.


Lisa Robin Kelly

Lisa Robin Kelly (March 5, 1970 – August 15, 2013) was an American actress who acted mostly on television. She played Laurie Forman in the sitcom "That '70s Show". She also acted in other sitcoms for TV. Kelly was raised in Connecticut. She died in Altadena, Los Angeles County on August 15, 2013 from a drug-overdose, aged 43.

Earl Cameron

Earl Cameron, CBE (8 August 1917 – 3 July 2020) was a Bermudian actor. Along with Cy Grant, he was known as one of the first black actors to break the "colour bar" in the United Kingdom. He also had repeated appearances on many British science fiction programmes of the 1960s, including "Doctor Who", "The Prisoner" and "The Andromeda Breakthrough".

Cameron was born on 8 August 1917 in Pembroke, Bermuda. He was married to Audrey Cameron until her death in 1994. Then he was married to Barbara Cameron from 1994 to 2020. He had six children with Audrey.

Cameron died on 3 July 2020 in London from pneumonia, aged 102.


Earl Stevick

Earl Stevick (23 October 23, 1923 - 13 August 2013) was an expert in language learning and teaching. Stevick was influential in developing the communicative approach to language learning. He was a practicing Christian and this greatly influenced his approach to education.

He studied government at Harvard University, earned a Master of Arts in Teaching English as a Foreign Language at Columbia University, and a PhD in linguistics at Cornell University. After he received his PhD, Stevick began teaching at Scarritt College for Christian Workers in Nashville, Tennessee. He applied for and received a Ford Fellowship and went to teach in Angola, Belgian Congo and Southern Rhodesia for two years. He then worked for the U.S. State Department’s Foreign Service Institute, creating courses to learn local African languages.

Stevick was one of a small group of language educators who created the Master of Arts in Teaching degree at the SIT Graduate Institute in 1969. It was called School for International Training at that time. He continued to help with that program as a member of the advisory board.


Stevick met Betty Rae Culp in 1947. They married in 1948. Some of Stevick's family members are still alive, including: a brother, Bob Stevick, of Seattle, Washington; three children, Becky Clarke of Lexington, Marian Walton of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and Joel Stevick of Rockville, Maryland; eight grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.

Bipolar junction transistor

A bipolar junction transistor (BJT or bipolar transistor) is a type of transistor that relies on the contact of two types of semiconductor in order for it to work. BJTs can be used as amplifiers, switches, or in oscillators. BJTs can be found either on their own, or in large numbers as parts of integrated circuits.

They are named "bipolar" transistors because their operation involves both electrons and holes.

The current gained is measured in h, Forward Current Gain. Typical amount can be between 200-350.


Death anniversary

A death anniversary is the custom of commemorating the date of someone's death. It is observed in several Asian cultures, including among Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Jewish and Vietnamese people. The tradition has also been associated with Confucianism, Buddhism, Hinduism and Judaism. Like a birthday, it is celebrated each year. Instead of on the date of birth of the individual being celebrated, it is celebrated on the day on which a family member or other loved one died.

Head teacher

A head teacher (also called a school principal, or headmaster/headmistress) is the teacher in charge of a school. He or she is the school's leader and administrator.

In the past, the headmaster or headmistress of a British private school was often the owner of the school or a member of the family who owned it, and the position often remained in the family for many generations.

Boinpalle

Boinpalle or Boinpalli is a village and a mandal in India. It is in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh. It is 28 kilometres from the district capital.

Drought is common in this area. Many people from this area migrate to Gulf countries to find jobs as unskilled labourers. Agriculture is the primary industry in this area. Main crops are cotton and maize. Rice is the secondary crop.

The mandal of Boinpalle has 18 village panchayats.


Computer assisted language learning

Computer assisted language learning (Acronym CALL) is an method of teaching and learning languages. Teachers and learners use computers, software, and Internet communication technology to improve language learning. Many instructors use a Learning Management System (LMS) or Course Management System (CMS) to organize teaching with these technologies. Since other tools such as mobile phones, tablets, and interactive whiteboards are now also used, some people use the phrase Technology enhanced language learning or TELL to describe this way of teaching.

Greatest Hits

Greatest hits might mean:
Specific albums:

Darwin's finches

Darwin's finches, also known as the Galapagos finches, are finches that live on the Galápagos Islands. They are not actually finches, but they are a kind of passerine bird.

Charles Darwin used the finches to provide evidence for natural selection. He realized that the finches have different beaks because they are adapted to eat different kinds of food. For example, a finch with a big beak is very good at cracking open nuts, and a finch with a long beak is very good at catching insects. Darwin was able to see that the finches had a common ancestor which is why they were so similar except for their beaks. Eventually, this led to the theory of evolution.


York, Pennsylvania

York (nicknamed The White Rose City) is a city in south-central Pennsylvania. The city was established in 1741, and officially incorporated to city status in 1887. In the 2020 Census, there were 44,800 people living there.

York (disambiguation)

York is a city in England. It might also mean:




Birmingham (disambiguation)

Birmingham is a city in the West Midlands, England. It might also mean:



Cambridge (disambiguation)

Cambridge is a city in England. It might also mean:



Wilson's theorem

Wilson's theorem is a theorem of number theory. Let "n" be any natural number. Wilson's theorem says that "n" is a prime number if and only if:
This means that if "n" is a prime number, the equation is correct. Also, if the equation is correct, then "n" is a prime number. The equation says that the factorial of "(n - 1)" is one less than a multiple of "n".

Dolby Surround 7.1

Dolby Surround 7.1 is a sound system by Dolby Laboratories. It produces theatrical 7.1 surround sound in cinemas. It adds two new channels to current Dolby Digital 5.1. The first movie to feature Dolby Surround 7.1 was "Toy Story 3" (2010) by Disney and Pixar. There are 4,500 locations worldwide as of March 2013.


Chatham

Chatham might refer to:

Bristol (disambiguation)

Bristol is a city in England. It might also mean:



List of Kojak episodes

This is a list of episodes of the television series "Kojak".

There have been six seasons of "Kojak". The first five seasons (Pilot + 118 episodes) were shown on the channel CBS from 1973 to 1978. The Pilot of the series was "The Marcus-Nelson Murders", which was aired on March 8, 1973. The fifth season was the last season in the series' original run. Then, in the mid-1980s, CBS aired two TV-movies: "The Belarus File" and "The Price of Justice". The series was revived (brought back) in 1989, with a sixth season. In this season, Kojak had the rank of captain. The sixth season is the final season. It consisted of 5 episodes; it was shown on ABC. The last episode was shown on April 7, 1990.

Lt. Theo Kojak is the main character of the series. He is played by Telly Savalas in every episode.

"The Marcus-Nelson Murders" / Original air date: March 8, 1973

A true story about the double murder of two white girls in New York City (The Wylie-Hoffert Career Girl Murders, 1963). Police arrest a black male, unjustly accusing him of being the murderer, but Kojak tries to show that the suspect was innocent of the crime. The episode is directed by Joseph Sargent.

1973–74
1974–75
1975–76
1976–77
1977–78
1985–87


1989–90

The Top 100 Crime Novels of All Time

The Top 100 Crime Novels of All Time is a list published in 1990 by the Crime Writers' Association (CWA).

Five years later, the Mystery Writers of America (MWA) published a similar list named The Top 100 Mystery Novels of All Time. Many titles can be found in both lists.



Penn's Creek Massacre

The Penn's Creek Massacre was a massacre committed by Delaware Indians on 16 October 1755. It happened near what is present day Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania. Made bold by Braddock's defeat on July 9, Indians killed and pillaged along the Pennsylvania frontier. Fourteen settlers were killed at Penn's Creek. Eleven were taken captive. One was wounded, but escaped. A posse sent to investigate was attacked, and both posse members and Indians were killed. Some of those taken captive in the Penn's Creek Massacre eventually returned to civilization alive. 

 

African art

African art is art made in Africa or by Africans. Although the term itself is debatable, as there are few other continents whose art is grouped in this way, and given the differences between individual countries within Africa, historically art from Africa has often been considered in this way.


Showaddywaddy

Showaddywaddy are a British pop group famous for their hit "Under the Moon of Love". They mostly played songs by other groups from the 1950s and 60s.





Dependent personality disorder

A dependent personality disorder (DPD) is a personality disorder that involves a psychological dependence on other people. This personality disorder is a long-term (chronic) condition in which people depend on others to meet their emotional and physical needs. Only a small percentage of people with dependent personality disorders are eventually able to manage on their own.

Fugue state

A fugue state (dissociative fugue or psychogenic fugue) is a rare psychiatric disorder. It involves temporary loss of memory (amnesia). It usually only lasts a short time (from hours to days), but can last months or longer. In a fugue state, the person not only forgets all about who they are, but may suddenly adopt a new identity. They may leave home and wander, settle in another area with a new name. Fugue occurs to avoid stress and anxiety. After the fugue state comes to an end, the person recovers the memories they lost, but usually forgets all that happened during the fugue.


Marmaduke (movie)

Marmaduke is a 2010 live action movie. It is adapted from Brad Anderson's comic strip of the same name. The movie is about a rural Kansas family and their pets, a Great Dane named Marmaduke and a Balinese cat named Carlos. The family moves to California because of business . The movie was released on June 4, 2010. It had negative reviews.

Rachel Boston

Rachel Boston (born May 9, 1982) is an American movie and television actress and producer. She is well known for her roles as Beth Mason on the NBC television show "American Dreams" and as Abigail Chaffee on "In Plain Sight". She stars in the Lifetime television series "Witches of East End" in 2013.

Pico do Fogo

Pico do Fogo ("Fire peak") is the highest peak of Cape Verde, rising to above sea level. It is an active stratovolcano lying on the island of Fogo. The last eruption of the main volcanic cone was in 1675 and all the people living in the island had to leave.

A lateral vent (the opening of a volcano from which lava flows) erupted in 1995. The only deadly eruption was in 1847 when earthquakes produced in all the island claimed several lives. Volcanic lava has reached the eastern coast of the island in historical times.
Its most spectacular feature is a volcanic crater (or caldera, "caldeira" in Portuguese) that is about wide, with a border ("bordeira" in Portuguese) that is about high. The crater has a slit in its eastern wall, and a large peak like a volcanic cone rises in its center that. The central cone is the highest point of the island (2829 m) and its peak is about 100 m higher than the "bordeira" that surrounds the crater.

The lowest elevation of the floor of the "caldeira", known as "Chã das Caldeiras" ("Plain of the Calderas") is . There are, within the "caldeira", two villages which were evacuated during the last eruption. Traditionally, grapes are grown on the inner slopes of the "bordeira" and there is some subsistence agriculture on the "caldeira" floor.

The mountain's slopes are used to grow coffee, while its lava is used as building material.

The Fea's petrel ("Pterodroma feae"), a Near Threatened species of bird, breeds in this mountain.

The endemic plants "Echium vulcanorum" and "Erysimum caboverdeanum" are only known to occur on the outer rim of the volcano.


Smith Wigglesworth

Smith Wigglesworth (8 June 1859 – 12 March 1947) was a English evangelist from Yorkshire. He was an important leader in early Pentecostalism. He was an illiterate plumber. He is said to have been used by God in healing people.


Demographics of Azerbaijan

The Demographics of Azerbaijan is about the demographics (statistical information and study of the population and the people) of the population of Azerbaijan, including population density, ethnicity, education level, health of the population, economic status, religious beliefs and other aspects of the population.

Notes about table

Azerbaijani 92.3%, Lezgi 2.2%, Russian 1.8%, 
other 3.3%, no information given 1% (1999 census)


Heidelberg Catechism

The Heidelberg Catechism is an important Protestant document. It was written in 1563 in Heidelberg, Germany. It was intended to teach the faith of the Christian Reformed Church. It was commissioned by Elector Frederick III.



Geoffrey II of Anjou

Geoffrey II, called Martel ("the Hammer"), was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou from 1040 to 1060. He was the last count who was a male line descendant of Ingelger. The countship passed through his sister Ermengarde-Blanche of Anjou to her son Geoffrey III.

Geoffrey was born 14 October 1006. He was the son of Fulk the Black and Hildegard of Lorraine. As the count of Vendome, Geoffrey married Agnes of Burgundy. About 1038 Geoffrey was asked by Herbert Braco to help him against Gervais, the Bishop of Le Mans. During the short war between them Geoffrey broke his hip. This caused Geoffrey to have to transfer some of his vassals to Bishop Gervais.

At his father's death in 1040 Geoffrey Martel succeeded him. Along with king Henry I of France Geoffrey maintained a war against the count Theobald of Blois. As the power of Blois was reduced the power of Anjou increased. But Geoffrey became too powerful and by the late 1040s the king turned against him. 

About 1047 Geoffrey began to look to the north for more land. Geoffrey attacked the castle of Château-du-Loir owned by Bishop Gervais. He did not capture the castle but burned some of it. Geoffrey did capture Bishop Gervais who he threw in prison. The Council of Reims in 1049 ordered Geoffrey to release his captive bishop or they would excommunicate him. Even when the pope did excommunicate Geoffrey the following year he would not release the Bishop. 

Geoffrey next acquired the castles of Alençon and Domfront on the southern border of Normandy. From there he raided into Normandy. In 1051 Duke William moved against Domfront but was not able to defeat the fortress. William then set up a siege of the castle to force it to surrender. This caused Geoffrey to leave Maine and return to Anjou. 

In early 1052 a political shift occurred. King Henry I reconciled with Geoffrey Martel and about the same time he turned against Duke William of Normandy. 
In the same year, 1052, when the count of Maine, Hugh, died Geoffrey took over Maine without a fight. He ruled Maine until his death. Bishop Gervaise finally purchased his freedom from Geoffrey by giving him Château-du-Loir and promising not to return to Le Mans. Gervais went to the court of Duke William of Normandy. Another event in 1052 in Normandy would bring King Henry and Count Geoffrey together against William of Normandy. William of Arques, a vassal and relative of Duke William rebelled. In 1053 the king, along with Geoffrey of Anjou entered Normandy to assist William of Arques against Duke William. The duke had laid siege to the castle of Arques. But the relief effort failed and King Henry and count Geoffrey were forced to leave Normandy. In 1054 the King, accompanied by Geoffrey Martel again raided into Normandy. The king's brother, Odo, led a second force which attacked Normandy from the west. Odo's forces were defeated causing the king and count Geoffrey to leave Normandy again. 

In 1058 Geoffrey was visited by the king in Anjou. The two planned their next attacks on Normandy. In August of that year the two led a combined force into Normandy to pillage and burn what they could. At a crossing of the Dives River their force was caught by the rising tide. Geoffrey and the king were on the other side when the bulk of their army was attacked and defeated by Duke William. All Geoffrey and the king could do was leave Normandy as fast as they could. The king's death in the summer of 1060 and Geoffrey's death in November of that same year ended their wars.

Geoffrey II's first wife was Agnes of Burgundy, the widow of William V of Aquitaine; she and Geoffrey married in 1032, but had divorced by 1050. 

His second wife was named Grace. 

His third wife was Adèle, the daughter of a "Count Odo" of Blois.

His last wife was Adelaide "La Teutonne".

Geoffrey died childless.

Celestial Navigations

Celestial Navigations is a musical story-telling group. It was started by actor Geoffrey Lewis and musician Geoff Levin. Their performances are Lewis telling a story while electronic music is played to enhance the story. Lewis received a Drama-Logue Award for his performances.

August Schellenberg

August Werner Schellenberg (July 25, 1936 – August 15, 2013) was a Canadian-American actor. He is known for his role in "Free Willy" and in his Emmy Award-nominated for in "Bury My Heart in Wounded Knee". 

Schellenberg was born on July 25, 1936 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He was of Mohawk and Swiss-German ancestry. He was raised in Toronto, Ontario. Schellenberg was married to Joan Karasevich until his death in 2013. They had three children. Schellenberg died on August 15, 2013 in his home in Dallas, Texas from lung cancer, aged 77.


Douglas Fairbanks Jr.

Douglas Elton Fairbanks, Jr., KBE, DSC (December 9, 1909 – May 7, 2000) was an American actor. He was a highly decorated naval officer of World War II. He was the son of legendary silent movie actor Douglas Fairbanks.

Fairbanks was born on December 9, 1909 in New York City, New York. His parents divorced when he was 9 years old. He was raised by his mother, Anna Beth Sully. Fairbanks was raised in New York City, Los Angeles, Paris, and London. 

Some of his well-known movie include "Outward Bound" (1930), "The Dawn Patrol" (1930), "Little Caesar" (1931), "Prisoner of Zenda" (1937), and "Gunga Din" (1939). His movies began to have more commercial success.

In 1941, President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed him a special envoy to South America.

Fairbanks was married to Joan Crawford from 1929 until they divorced in 1933. Then he was married to Mary Lee Eppling from 1939 until her death in 1988. Then he was married to Vera Shelton from 1991 until his death in 2000. Fairbanks had three children.

Fairbanks died on May 7, 2000 from a heart attack in his home in New York City. He was 90 years old. Fairbanks was buried at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Hollywood, California.


Christopher Isherwood

Christopher William Bradshaw Isherwood (26 August 1904 – 4 January 1986) was a British-American novelist and playwright.

He also wrote plays such as "The Dog Beneath the Skin" (1935), "The Ascent of F6" (1936), "On the Frontier" (1939), "The Berlin Stories" (1945).

Isherwood was born on 26 August 1904 in Wyberslegh Hall, High Lane, Cheshire, England. He studied at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and King's College London.
Isherwood was partners with Heinz Neddermeyer from 1932 until 1937. He was partners with Don Bachardy from 1953 until Isherwood's death in 1986.

Isherwood died on 4 January 1986 from prostate cancer in Santa Monica, California. He was 81 years old.


Paul Scofield

David Paul Scofield (21 January 1922 – 19 March 2008), better known as Paul Scofield, was an English actor. He was known for his distinctive voice and delivery. 

Scofield received an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award for his performance as Sir Thomas More in the 1966 movie "A Man for All Seasons". He later reprised his role when he played in the stage version of the movie at the West End and on Broadway for which he received a Tony Award.

Scofield was born on 21 January 1922 in Birmingham, Warwickshire, England. He was raised in Hurstpierpoint, Sussex. Scofield studied at Varndean Secondary School. 

He was married to Joy Parker from 1943 until his death 2008. They had two children. Scofield died on 19 March 2008 in Sussex, England from leukemia, aged 86.



Stanley Holloway

Stanley Augustus Holloway, OBE (1 October 1890 – 30 January 1982) was an English movie actor, comedian, singer, poet and monologist. 

He was famous for his comic and character roles on stage and screen, especially that of Alfred P. Doolittle in "My Fair Lady". He was also known for his comic monologues and songs, which he performed and recorded in his 70-year career.

Holloway was born on 1 October 1890 in Manor Park, Essex, England. 

He was married to Alice Foran from 1913 until they divorced in 1937. Then he was married to Violet Lane from 1939 until his death in 1982. He had five children.

Holloway died on 30 January 1982 in Littlehampton, England from an illness, aged 91. 


Family International

Family International, which had been called The Children of God, The Family of Love and The Family, is a New Age religion, and a cult. It was started in the 1960s in California by David Brandt Berg (1919–1994).

The Children of God (1968–1977)

The Family of Love (1978–1981)

The Family (1982–1994)

Identified by Chinese government as a cult (1990s)

The Family International (2004 onwards)

Broadly, the Family are a Christian evangelical movement. However, their beliefs are selective. Their "spiritual revolution" is against the outside world, which the members called "the System". After the death of the founder, his widow Karen Zerby became the leader of TFI, taking the title of 'Queen' and 'prophetess.' She married Steve Kelly, an assistant of David Berg whom Berg had chosen as her 'consort' before his death. Steve Kelly took the title of 'King Peter' and became the public face of TFI, speaking in a more public capacity than either David Berg or Karen Zerby.

In 1974, the group began a method of evangelism called Flirty Fishing. This meant using sex to "show God's love" and win converts. The method was apparently extremely successful. According to TFI, as a result of Flirty Fishing, "over 100,000 received God's gift of salvation through Jesus, and some chose to live the life of a disciple and missionary".

The group encouraged children to have sex with adults and each other. The High Court of Justice, Family Division, in the UK found there to be "widespread sexual abuse of young children and teenagers by adult members of The Family". According to data provided by TFI to researcher Bill Bainbridge, from 1974 until 1987, members had sexual contact with 223,989 people while practicing Flirty Fishing. Flirty Fishing also resulted in the births of many children, including Karen Zerby's son, Davidito (aka Ricky Rodriguez). He committed suicide after murdering a female member of the cult who had sexually abused him as a toddler. Children born as result of Flirty Fishing were referred to as "Jesus Babies". By the end of 1981, more than 300 "Jesus Babies" had been born.

In his judgment of a child custody court case in England in 1994, after extensive research of COG publications and the testimony of numerous witnesses, Lord Justice Sir Alan Ward said this about Flirty Fishing:

Flirty Fishing was officially abandoned in 1987. After some complaints from people who had been abused as children by adults, a new rule, that sexual interactions should not occur between an adult and a minor, was encouraged and promoted, but not enforced.

In March 1989, TF issued a statement which stated that, in "early 1985" an urgent memorandum was sent to all of its members "reminding them that any such activities [adult-child sexual contact] are strictly forbidden within our group". In January 2005, Claire Borowik, spokesperson for TFI, issued a statement that said, "Due to the fact that our current zero-tolerance policy regarding sexual interaction between adults and underage minors was not clearly stated in our literature published before 1986, we came to the realization that during a transitional stage of our movement, from 1978 until 1986, there were cases when some minors were subject to sexually inappropriate advances... This was corrected officially in 1986, when any contact between an adult and minor (any person under 21 years of age) was declared an excommunicable offense".



Division of Berowra

The Division of Berowra is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was created in 1969 and is named for the suburb of Berowra. It includes all or parts of the suburbs of Arcadia, Berowra, Brooklyn, Cheltenham, Cherrybrook, Cowan, Dangar Island, Galston, Glenorie, Maroota, Hornsby and Pennant Hills. 

Philip Ruddock, was first elected to the Parliament in 1973. He is the longest-serving member of the House; he was previously member for Parramatta and Dundas. He held a number of positions in the Howard Government including Minister for Immigration and Attorney-General. He retired at the 2016 election. Julian Leeser is a former lawyer who is currently writing the biography of former Australian Prime Minister, Sir William McMahon,


Division of Hotham

The Division of Hotham is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was created in 1969 and is named for Sir Charles Hotham, Governor of Victoria 1854-55. It covers an area of 72 km2 in the south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne. It includes Bentleigh East, Dingley Village, Moorabbin, and parts of Carnegie, Clarinda, Clayton, Clayton South, Cheltenham, Murrumbeena, Noble Park, Oakleigh, Oakleigh South, Springvale and Springvale South. 

Don Chipp was Minister in the Holt and Gorton Governments. He became unhappy with the Liberal Party and formed a new party called the Australian Democrats. Simon Crean, was Opposition Leader from 2001 until December 2003 and was in every Labor Cabinet or Shadow Cabinet from June 1991 to March 2013.


Condominium

A condominium (or condo) is a building complex containing a number of individually owned apartments with shared facilities. In the United States and in Canada a condominium is a collection of apartment units, townhouses, garden homes or single homes that share common property together. In British Columbia condominiums are referred to as stratas. By owning a unit in a condominium, a person has access to the common facilities. The shared use of these facilities is legally guaranteed as part of the property; they share ownership of these areas. Such facilities may include hallways, a heating system, elevators, gardens, and recreational facilities.

American Swedish Institute

The American Swedish Institute (ASI) is a Swedish American museum and cultural center in the neighborhood of Phillips West in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA.


Geoffrey III, Count of Anjou

Geoffrey III of Anjou (1040–1096), called "le Barbu" ("the Bearded"), was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou 1060-68.

Geoffrey III, born , was the oldest son of Geoffrey II, Count of Gâtinais and Ermengarde-Blanche of Anjou. Ermengarde-Blanche was the daughter of Fulk III of Anjou. Both he and his younger brother Fulk, called "le Réchin", were raised at the court of their uncle, Geoffrey Martel. Both Geoffrey and Fulk were knighted by him in 1060. Geoffrey was well treated by his uncle but the count may have favored his younger nephew, Fulk. Nonetheless Geoffrey became his heir to succeed him as count of Anjou. Geoffrey III reigned as Count of Anjou until the was taken from him by his brother, Fulk.

He succeeded his uncle Geoffrey Martel in 1060, but it soon became clear to his vassals he was not a very good count. Geoffrey Martel left his younger brother, Fulk, Saintonge as an appanage. In 1062, when Saintonge was attacked by Count Guy-Geoffrey of Poitou, Geoffrey did nothing to help Fulk and Saintonge was lost. In 1063 the county of Maine was lost to Anjou as well. In 1064 Geoffrey failed to come to the aid of one of his vassals, Rainaldus of Chateau-Gontier, who was captured by the Bretons. In 1065 Geoffrey angered Archbishop Barthelemy of Tours by trying to force his own choice for Bishop of Le Mans on the church. In turn the archbishop excommunicated Geoffrey. 

As the situation in Anjou became worse Fulk argued with his brother Geoffrey. Finally, in 1067, Fulk rebelled and took the county away from Geoffrey, briefly imprisoning him. In 1068 Geoffrey attacked Fulk, and once again he was defeated. This time Geoffrey was imprisoned where he remained for 28 years. Geoffrey was finally freed by the intervention of Pope Urban II in 1096. But Geoffrey died soon after his release.

Geoffrey married Julienne de Langeais before 1060. She died after 7 August 1067. They had no children. 

Ermengarde-Blanche of Anjou

Ermengarde-Blanche of Anjou (–1076), was a French noblewoman who was first Countess of Chateau-Landon and secondly Duchess of Burgundy. She is also called "Hermangarde" in some sources. Ermengarde-Blanch was the heiress of the of Anjou and is an of the House of Plantagenet. 

Ermengarde-Blanche was the daughter of Count Fulk III of Anjou and Hildegarde. She was involved in two marriage alliances that greatly benefited her father and brother as counts of Anjou. She was first contracted to marry Geoffrey II, Count of Gâtinais, called "Ferréol", who was also lord of Château-Landon. It was important marriage to return Château-Landon to the counts of Anjou. It took between twelve and eighteen months to arrange the marriage. Meanwhile Fulk paid a great deal of attention to Château-Landon. He and his wife, Hildegarde, founded the abbey of Le Ronceray. Originally a church dedicated to St. Mary, Hildegard was very active in its rebuilding into an abbey. They gave the abbey many gifts including the forest of Lattay. They gave more gifts to this abbey than any other church or religious house. Her two sons of this marriage, Geoffrey III and Fulk both became counts of Anjou after her brother Geoffrey II Martel. Among her descendants are the Plantagenet (or Angevin) kings of England.

After her husband Geoffrey died Ermengarde-Blanche married Robert I Capet, Duke of Burgundy. Robert was the son of King Robert II of France. Because both Ermengarde and her second husband Robert Capet were both descendants of Ingelger, they were related by blood. This was found in charts prepared at the of Saint-Aubin at Angers between 1048 and 1052. The charts show how closely the Angevin and Capet families were related. The charts were probably created over concerns of who Ermengarde and Robert's daughter Hildegarde could or could not marry. Ermengarde-Blanche died at Fleury-sur-Ouche on 18 March 1076. Robert died three days later at the same place on 21 March 1076.

Together she and Geoffrey II had the following children: 


She married secondly Robert I, Duke of Burgundy. Together they had a daughter:


Division of Indi

The Division of Indi is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It is located in north-eastern Victoria. It is one of the largest divisions in Victoria. A lot of its area is in the Alpine National Park. It includes the cities of Wodonga, Wangaratta, and Benalla, and the smaller towns of Rutherglen, Mansfield, Beechworth, Bethanga, Myrtleford, Corryong, Tallangatta, Yea and Euroa. It also includes the ski resort of Falls Creek and the isolated village of Woods Point. 

Indi was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. The name Indi, was an Indigenous Australian word for the Murray River, which is one of the boundaries of the division. 

Famous members inlude Sir Isaac Isaacs, the Attorney-General of Australia, Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia, and the first Australian-born Governor-General of Australia. John McEwen, who moved to Murray, became Prime Minister of Australia after the death of Harold Holt in 1967. The Labor party won the seat in 1928 when the conservatives forgot to nominate a candidate.


Division of Melbourne

The Division of Melbourne is an Australian Electoral Division of Victoria. It was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It includes the City of Melbourne and the suburbs of Abbotsford, Ascot Vale, Carlton, Clifton Hill, Colllingwood, Docklands, North Melbourne, West Melbourne, East Melbourne, Fitzroy, Fitzroy North, Flemington, Kensington, Parkville, Richmond, and parts of Brunswick and Brunswick East. It was named after the city of Melbourne, which was named in 1838 for Lord Melbourne, the British Prime Minister.

Arthur Calwell was the Leader of the Opposition. Lindsay Tanner was Minister for Finance and Deregulation in the first Rudd Government.


Division of Isaacs

The Division of Isaacs is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It covers the south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, on the eastern shores of Port Phillip Bay. It includes Mordialloc, Keysborough, Waterways, Noble Park, Chelsea, Aspendale, Edithvale, Bonbeach, Patterson Lakes and Carrum.

The Division was named after Sir Isaac Isaacs, former Chief Justice of Australia and the first Australian-born Governor-General of Australia. It was set up for the 1969 federal election. 

The former Division of Isaacs (1949–69) covered the inner south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, and was not related to this Division except in name.

Mark Dreyfus is Attorney-General of Australia, Minister for the Public Service and Integrity, Minister for Emergency Management, and Special Minister of State in the Rudd Government.


Castaways of the Flying Dutchman

Castaways of the Flying Dutchman is the first book in the "Castaways of the Flying Dutchman" series written by Brian Jacques. It was published in 2001. It is based on the legend of the ghost ship the "Flying Dutchman". A 13-year-old boy named Nebuchadnezzar (Neb for short, later he switches that backwards and becomes Ben), and his dog, Denmark (Den for short, later switched backwards to Ned), are the lone survivors of the "Flying Dutchman". They have to wander the earth forever, and will stay forever young, helping those who need help.

The second book, "The Angel's Command" was published in 2003. "Voyage of Slaves" (the third and last book) was published in 2006.

Division of Bradfield

The Division of Bradfield is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was created in 1949 and is named for Dr John Bradfield, the designer of the Sydney Harbour Bridge.

It includes the suburbs of St Ives Chase, St Ives, East Killara, East Lindfield, Roseville Chase,Roseville, Lindfield, West Lindfield, West Killara, West Pymble, South Turramurra, Thornleigh, Gordon, Lindfield, Pymble, Killara, Wahroonga, Waitara and Hornsby. 

Bradfield is the richest electorate in Australia. 

Billy Hughes was a former Prime Minister of Australia and the last serving member of the first federal Parliament. Brendan Nelson was a minister in the third and fourth Howard Governments and the Leader of the Opposition from 2007 to 2008.


Rolv Wesenlund

Rolv Helge Wesenlund (17 September 1936 – 18 August 2013) was a Norwegian comedian, singer, clarinetist, writer, and actor. Wesenlund was most famous for having portrayed the title character in "Bør Børson", "Bør Børson II", and in the TV series "Fleksnes Fataliteter".

Wesenlund was born on 17 September 1936 in Horten. His career began in 1964. Wesenlund died on 18 August 2013 in Oslo from heart failure, aged 76.


Gabriel García Moreno

Gabriel Gregorio Fernando José María García y Moreno y Morán de Buitrón (December 24, 1821 – August 6, 1875) was an Ecuadorian politician who twice served as President of Ecuador (1859–65 and 1869–75) and was assassinated during his second term, after being elected to a third.

He is known for his conservatism, Catholic religious belief and being enemies with liberal strongman Eloy Alfaro. Under his administration, Ecuador became a leader in science and higher education within Latin America.

In addition to the advances in education and science, he was noted for economically and agriculturally advancing the country, as well as for his staunch opposition to corruption, even giving his own salary to charity.

Moreno was born on December 24, 1821 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He was married two times. The Liberals hated García Moreno; when he was elected a third time in 1875, it was considered to be his death warrant. He wrote immediately to Pope Pius IX asking for his blessing before inauguration day on August 30.

Moreno was assassinated exiting the Cathedral in Quito on August 6, 1875. He was struck down with knives and revolvers, his last words being: "¡Dios no muere!" ("God does not die!"). Faustino Rayo assaulted him with six or seven blows of a machete, while three others fired their revolvers.

Gabriel Garcia Moreno received Last Rites just before he died. Pope Pius IX declared that Gabriel Garcia Moreno ""died a victim for the Faith and Christian Charity for his beloved country.""


Vicente Rocafuerte

Vicente Rocafuerte y Bejarano (May 1, 1783 – May 16, 1847) was an influential figure in Ecuadorian politics. He served as President of Ecuador from September 10, 1834 to January 31, 1839.

Rocafuerte was born into an aristocratic family in Guayaquil, Ecuador on May 1, 1783. During his youth, was sent to Madrid to finish his education. He returned to Ecuador in 1807. Rocafuerte died on May 16, 1847 in Lima, Peru from complications of a fever. He was 64 years old.


José Joaquín de Olmedo

José Joaquín de Olmedo y Maruri (March 20, 1780 – February 19, 1847) was a patriot and poet. He was the son of the Spanish Captain Don Miguel de Olmedo y Troyano and the Guayaquilean Ana Francisca de Maruri y Salavarría.

Olmedo was born on March 20, 1780 in Guayaquil, Ecuador.

On October 9, 1820, Olmedo and others declared the city of Guayaquil independent from Spain. He was President of the "Free Province of Guayaquil" until it was united to "Gran Colombia" by Simón Bolívar against Olmedo's will. He was also twice mayor of Guayaquil.

He was Vice President of Ecuador from 1830 to 1831.

He was President of Ecuador from June 6, 1845, to December 8, 1845, surviving an attempted coup on June 18 of that year.

Olmedo died on February 19, 1847 in Guayaquil, Ecuador from complications of yellow fever. He was 66 years old.


Vicente Ramón Roca

Vicente Ramón Roca Rodríguez (2 September 1792 – 23 February 1858) was President of Ecuador from 8 December 1845 to 15 October 1849. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He led the revolution that overthrew Juan José Flores, along with José Joaquín de Olmedo and Diego Noboa. He ruled under the Constitution of 1845.

Roca was born on 2 September 1792 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He was married to Juana Andrade. Roca died on 23 February 1858 from complications of pneumonia, aged 65.


Manuel de Ascásubi

Manuel de Ascázubi y Matheu (1802 – December 25, 1876) served as Vice President of Ecuador from 1847 to 1851 and in that capacity he was also acting President from 10 October 1849 to 10 June 1850.

Ascásubi was born in 1802 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He died on December 25, 1876 in Quito, Ecuador from a heart attack. He was 74 years old.


Diego Noboa

Diego de Noboa y Arteta (April 15, 1789 – November 3, 1870) was President of Ecuador from December 8, 1850 to February 26, 1851 (interim) and February 26, 1851 to July 17, 1851.

Noboa was born on April 15, 1789 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He died on November 3, 1870 in Guayaquil, Ecuador from pneumonia, aged 81.


José María Urvina

José María Mariano Segundo de Urvina y Viteri (19 March 1808 – 4 September 1891) was President of Ecuador from 13 July 1851 to 16 October 1856. He was born in Quillon (Pillaro- Tungurahua) on 19 March 1808.

José María Urvina pursued his primary education in the village of his birth. He then attended the Navy School in Guayaquil. He was notorious among his classmates from whom he obtained friendship and consideration.

Urvina died on 4 September 1891 in Guayaquil, Ecuador from natural causes. He was 83 years old.


Francisco Robles

Francisco Robles García (May 5, 1811 – March 2, 1893) was an Ecuadorian politician. He was President of Ecuador from October 16, 1856, to September 17, 1859.

Robles was born on May 5, 1811, in Guayaquil, Royal Audience of Quito, Ecuador. He was married to Carmen Santistevan Avilés. Robles died on March 2, 1893, in Guayaquil, Ecuador from heart failure, aged 81.


Jerónimo Carrión

Jerónimo Carrión y Palacio (1804 – 5 May 1873) was President of Ecuador between 7 September 1865 and 6 November 1867. He also served as Vice President of Ecuador and led a brief rebellion in 1859.

He was a member of the Ecuadorian Conservative Party.

Carrión died on 5 May 1873 in Quito, Ecuador from pneumonia, aged 69.


Pedro José de Arteta

Pedro José de Arteta y Calisto (1797 – 24 August 1873) was Vice President of Ecuador from 1865 to 1869 and served briefly as President from 6 November 1867 to 20 January 1868. He was the brother of Nicolás Joaquín de Arteta y Calisto, first Archbishop of Quito. He was a Conservative.

Arteta was born in 1787 in Quito, Ecuador. He died from a heart attack in his home in Quito, Ecuador, aged 66. 

Television movie

A television movie (also called a TV film, television film, TV movie, telefilm, telemovie, made-for-television film, direct-to-TV film, movie of the week, feature-length drama, single drama, or original movie) is a movie that is made for and first shown on a television network. Unlike theatrical movies, which are first seen in movie theaters, television movies are first seen on television. Some are first shown on television in one country, and in theaters in other countries. 

One of the most well-known television movies is "The Day After", which was seen by over 100 million people when it was first shown on ABC on November 20, 1983.

Juan Javier Espinosa

Juan Javier Espinosa (1815 – 4 September 1870) was President of Ecuador, from 20 January 1868 to 19 January 1869. He succeed Pedro José de Arteta as President of Ecuador. Gabriel García Moreno would soon succeed Espinosa as President. 

Espinosa died on 4 September 1870 in Quito, Ecuador from a heart attack, aged 55.


The Day After

The Day After is an American television movie. It was first shown on ABC on November 20, 1983. Over 100 million people watched the movie when it was first shown. When it was first shown, it caused a lot of controversy and discussion due to what it was about and what it showed.

The movie is about a fictional nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union. It follows several citizens and the people they see after a nuclear attack on Lawrence, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri.

Francisco León Franco

Francisco Javier León Franco (13 October 1832 – 10 August 1880) was Vice President of Ecuador in the administration of Gabriel García Moreno from 1869 to 1875, and acting President of Ecuador 6 August 1875 to 6 October 1875.


José Javier Eguiguren

José Javier Eguiguren Ríofrío (3 December 1816 – 1884) was acting President of Ecuador from 6 October 1875 to 9 December 1875.

Eguiguren was born in 3 December 1816 in Ibarra, Ecuador. He died in 1884 in Quito, Ecuador.


Antonio Borrero

Antonio María Vicente Narciso Borrero y Cortázar (29 October 1827 – 9 October 1911) was Vice President of Ecuador from 1863 to 1864 and President from 9 December 1875 to 18 December 1876.

Borrero was born in Cuenca, Ecuador on 29 October 1827. He died on 9 October 1911 in Quito, Ecuador from natural causes, aged 83.


Ignacio de Veintemilla

Mario Ignacio Francisco Tomás Antonio de Veintimilla y Villacís (31 July 1828 – 19 July 1908) was President of Ecuador 8 September 1876 to 10 January 1883.


Osvaldo Hurtado

Luis Osvaldo Hurtado Larrea (born June 26, 1939) is an Ecuadorian author and politician. He served as President of Ecuador from 1981 to 1984.

Hurtado was born on June 26, 1939 in Chambo, Chimborazo Province, Ecuador. He was married to Margarita Pérez. Hurtado studied at Pontificia Universidad Católica del Ecuador.


Jaime Roldós Aguilera

Jaime Roldós Aguilera (November 5, 1940 – May 24, 1981) was President of Ecuador from 10 August 1979 until his death on 24 May 1981. In his short tenure, he became known for his firm stance on human rights. 

Roldós was born in Guayaquil on November 5, 1940. He attended high school at the Vicente Rocafuerte National School. He studied law and social sciences at the University of Guayaquil. He was an excellent student and won many awards, medals and scholarships.

At the age of 37, he ran for president on a populist platform. In the first round, he received the greatest number of votes, but not the 50% plus one needed to avoid a runoff. He won the second round of elections against Sixto Durán Ballén, and assumed office on August 10, 1979.

He was married to Martha Bucaram until his death in 1981. 

On May 24, 1981, a plane carrying the President, Minister of Defense, assistants and their spouses crashed into the Huairapungo Mountain, in Celica Canton of Loja Province. The crash left no survivors: killed along with the president were First Lady Martha Bucaram, Minister of Defense Marco Subía Martínez and his wife, as well as two aides-de-camp and three other passengers.

Otto Arosemena

Otto Arosemena Gómez (19 July 1925 – 20 April 1984) was President of Ecuador, November 16, 1966 to September 1, 1968.

His government, though short, greatly increased Ecuador's development and ensured the consolidation of democracy. In accordance with the law, he called presidential elections, and Velasco Ibarra won for his fifth and final time. Arosemena finished his term on August 31, 1968.

In 1965, when the country was facing one of its worst political, social, and economic crises—a result of dictatorial misrule—he founded a new political party in Quito called the Democratic Institutionalist Coalition (Coalición Institucionalista Demócrata, CID).

One year later, he was elected Deputy of the Constituent Assembly held by "President" Yerovi Indaburu. The Constituent Assembly elected Arosemena President of Ecuador on November 16, 1966.

Arosemena's political adversaries later attacked his policies, particularly with respect to oil policy. He responded by writing the book Infamy and Truth (Infamia y verdad), in which he addresses his administration's oil policy.

Arosemena was born on 19 July 1925 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He studied at University of Guayaquil. Arosemena died on 20 April 1984 in Salinas, Ecuador from complications of a fall, aged 58.

Clemente Yerovi

Clemente Yerovi Indaburu (August 10, 1904 – July 19, 1981) was a politician and the interim president of Ecuador from March 30, 1966, to November 16, 1966.

Yerovi was born in Barcelona, Spain, where his parents Clemente Yerovi Matheus and María Indaburu Seminario lived temporarily as consul general of Ecuador. 

Yerovi studied at Vicente Rocafuerte High School in Guayaquil, and then at San Gabriel High School in Quito. He married Victoria Gómez Ycaza and had four children. Yerovi died on July 19, 1981 in Guayaquil, Ecuador from heart failure, aged 76.

Between 1948 and 1950, Yerovi served as Minister of Economy in the government of President Galo Plaza Lasso, who, after an extended era of political instability in the country, made it a priority to increase Ecuador’s agricultural production.

Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy

Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy (24 August 1919 – 5 March 2004) served as Vice President of Ecuador and due to the ousting of President José María Velasco Ibarra, became President of Ecuador from 7 November 1961 to 11 July 1963.

He was born in Guayaquill on 24 August 1919. He was the son Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola, also former president of Ecuador and Laura Monroy Garaycoa.

Arosemena disgraced himself by getting drunk at a banquet Wednesday night in honor of the president of the Grace Lines, retired U.S. Adm. Wilfred McNeil. Guests at the reception said the president shouted abuse at U.S. Ambassador Maurice Bernbaum, vomited in front of the gathering and committed 'even more indecorous acts.

Arosemena died on 5 March 2004 from natural causes, aged Guayaquil, Ecuador.

Camilo Ponce Enríquez

Camilo Ponce Enríquez (January 31, 1912 – September 13, 1976) was an Ecuadorian political figure. He served as the president of Ecuador between 1956 and 1960. He was married to María de las Mercedes de Gangotena Jijón.

In 1951 Camilo Ponce, along with Sixto Durán Ballén founded the Movimiento Social Cristiano (MSC), which later became the Partido Social Cristiano (PSC). In 1956 Ponce won the presidential elections and named Durán Ballén minister of public works.


Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola

Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola (12 April 1888 – 20 February 1952) was President of Ecuador 15 September 1947 to 1 September 1948. He was also the father of future president Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy.

Tola was born on 12 April 1888 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He died from a stroke he had several months before on 20 February 1952 in Quito, Ecuador, aged 63.

Mariano Suárez Veintimilla

Mariano Suárez Veintimilla (8 June 1897 – 23 October 1980) was Ecuadorian politician.

He served as Velasco's Vice President from 1946 until he was ousted in 1947 by Carlos Mancheno Cajas. Soon Mancheno was ousted and Suárez served briefly as President of Ecuador from 2 September 1947 to 15 September 1947.

Veintimilla died on 23 October 1980 in Quito, Ecuador from natural causes, aged 83.

Carlos Mancheno Cajas

Carlos Mancheno Cajas (October 9, 1902 – October 11, 1996) was President of Ecuador from 23 August 1947 to 2 September 1947. 

Mancheno assumed control after a coup d'état he led that deposed President José María Velasco. Velasco left the country, returning later both to Ecuador and the to presidency. Mancheno himself was removed only ten days after taking control, and Velasco's vice-president, Mariano Suárez Veintimilla, assumed the presidency.

Mancheno died on October 11, 1996 in Guayaquil, Ecuador from natural causes, aged 94.


Cortex

Cortex is a word that comes from Latin language, and that is usually translated as "shell" or "bark". The term is used for different concepts: 

Division of Calare

The Division of Calare is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was set up for the 1906 election and is the local Indigenous Australian name for the Lachlan River, which runs through the western part of the division. (The name should be pronounced Kal-"ah"-ree, but the pronunciation Kul-"air" is used.)

The division includes the towns of Bathurst, Blayney, Canowindra, Eugowra, Forbes, Lithgow, Molong, Oberon, Orange, Parkes, Peak Hill, Portland, Wallerawang and Yeoval.

Peter Andren was not a candidate for the 2007 election as he was going to stand for a Senate seat. He was diagnosed with cancer in 2007 and died during the election campaign. John Cobb had previously held the seat of Parkes. He was Minister for Citizenship and Multicultural Affairs and Minister for Community Services in the Howard Government.


Division of Charlton

The Division of Charlton was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was created in 1984 and was named for Matthew Charlton, leader of the Australian Labor Party 1922-28. It covered the Hunter Region area of New South Wales. It included the towns of Cardiff, Wallsend, Toronto, Morisset, Cooranbong, Glendale and Warners Bay.

In October 2015 the Australian Electoral Commission said the division would be renamed at the next election. Because of population changes New South Wales lost one division, and a new one was created in Western Australia. To abolish the seat, the boundaries in New South Wales were redrawn. The old Division of Hunter was to be abolished. Since Hunter is an original Federation electorate, the Australian Electoral Commission's guidelines for redistributions means it has to try and keep the Hunter name. The area of Hunter was moved eastward and took over Charlton's former area.

Greg Combet had been Secretary of the Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU). He was Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency in the Gillard Government. In the 2013 election, the Liberal Party candidate, Kevin Baker, resigned after being involved with an offensive website. This happened after nominations closed, so the Liberal Party could not select a new candidate and Baker's name was still on the ballot papers.



Mongolian Wikipedia

Mongolian Wikipedia () is a free and publicly editable online encyclopedia. It was created 28 February 2004. As of 13 May 2012 the Mongolian Wikipedia had 7,599 articles. As of August 2011, there were about 104 people, with 17,763 registered users.



Harmonic analysis

Harmonic analysis is a branch of mathematics that looks at the theoretical foundations of digital signal processing. A continuous signal can be drawn as a wave, or as a combination of several waves. Fourier transforms and Fourier series are among the main tools used for signal analysis. Today, this field has many uses, which also include quantum mechanics and neuroscience. 

In essence, harmonic analysis looks at locally compact groups. The Lebesgue measure is a way to assign a measurement to a subset of the Euclidean space. For real numbers there is the Haar measure, which can perform this task. This measure allows to use Fourier analysis to model the groups and their properties. 

The term "harmonics" is also related to Eigenvalues, in the case where the frequency of one wave is an integer multiple of the frequency of another wave. This is the case of the harmonics that are used for musical notes. Later the term was generalized.

Frank Kameny

Franklin Edward "Frank" Kameny (May 21, 1925 – October 11, 2011) was an important person in the American gay rights movement. 

Kameny was born on May 21, 1925 in New York City, New York. He studied at Richmond Hill High School and at Queens College.

In 1957, Kameny was fired from his position as an astronomer in the U.S. Army's Army Map Service in Washington, D.C. because of his homosexuality. This helped him to begin "a Herculean struggle with the American establishment" that would help a rights movement of the early 1960s for homosexuals.

Kameny protested his firing by the U.S. Civil Service Commission due to his homosexuality, and argued this case to the United States Supreme Court in 1961. Although the court denied his petition, it is notable as the first civil rights claim based on sexual orientation. 

Kameny died on October 11, 2011 in Washington, D.C. from heart disease. He was 86 years old.

Following Kameny's death, the giant rainbow flag on the tall flagpole at the corner of Market Street and Castro Street in the Castro neighborhood of San Francisco was flown at half-staff for 24 hours beginning on the afternoon of October 12, 2011 at the request of the creator of the rainbow flag, Gilbert Baker.

On November 2, 2011, Kameny's house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

On July 3 2012, Minor Planet (40463) "Frankkameny" was named in Kameny's honor by the International Astronomical Union and the Minor Planet Center.



Carlos Alberto Arroyo del Río

Carlos Alberto Arroyo del Río (27 November 1893 – 31 October 1969) was President of Ecuador from 1940 - 1944. He was a member of the Ecuadorian Radical Liberal Party. During his term, the country lost the 1941 Ecuadorian–Peruvian War. After trying to set up a police state, he was forced out of office by a popular uprising.


Julio Enrique Moreno

Julio Enrique Moreno (1879–1952) was Acting President of Ecuador from March to April 1926 and again from August to September 1940. He was succeed by Carlos Alberto Arroyo del Río.


Andrés Córdova

Andrés Fernández de Córdova Nieto (28 May 1892 – 3 October 1983) was President of Ecuador from December 1939 to August 1940. He later ran as a presidential candidate in 1968.


Aurelio Mosquera

Don Aurelio Mosquera Narváez (2 August 1883 – 17 November 1939) was an Ecuadorian politician, who was the President of Ecuador from December 1938 to November 1939.

Mosquera was born in Quito. He studied medicine in Quito, then went to Paris to carry in with his education.

In 1938, after the removal of Manuel María Borrero, he was named President of Ecuador. During his short time as president, with the support of the army, he dissolved the National Assembly and reestablished the Constitution of 1906, known for its secularity.

His term as president ended when he died on November 17, 1939 in Quito from a heart attack, aged 56.


Manuel María Borrero

Manuel María Borrero (10 May 1883 – 7 June 1975) was President of Ecuador from August 10, 1938 through December 1, 1938.


Alberto Enríquez Gallo

Gil Alberto Enríquez Gallo (24 July 1895 – 13 July 1962) was President of Ecuador 1937–1938.

Enriquez was a general in the Ecuadorian army and served as Minister of National Defense in the government of Federico Páez. In September 1937, he overthrew Páez in a military coup. Although he ruled for less than a year, Enríquez achieved note as a social reformer by his promulgation of the Labor Code of 1938.


Federico Páez

Federico Páez Chiriboga (4 June 1877 – 9 February 1974) was President of Ecuador from September 26, 1935 through October 23, 1937.

He died on 9 February 1974 in Quito, Ecuador from natural causes. He was 96 years old.

Antonio Pons

Antonio Pons Campuzano (November 10, 1897 – January 1980) was acting President of Ecuador from August to September 1935.

Pons died in January 1980 from pneumonia, aged 82.


Abelardo Montalvo

Abelardo Montalvo (1876 – 1950) was the acting President of Ecuador from October 1933 to August 1934.

Montalvo received a Juris Doctor from the University of Quito. Montalvo was a member of the Ecuadorian Radical Liberal Party for which he became a deputy and later senator for Pichincha Province.

Montalvo became president when his predecessor Juan de Dios Martínez Mera was elected president but faced a congress not willing to deal with him. The congress asked Martínez Mera twice to resign, but he refused. The congress then censored the ministers chosen by Martínez Mera, one of which was Abelardo Montalvo. Martínez proceeded to select some new ministers to outmaneuver the congress.

The Chamber of Deputies then accused Martínez Mera of attempting to overthrow the government and institute a dictatorship. The Senate subsequently impeached Martínez and named his Minister of Interior, Abelardo Montalvo, acting president. Montalvo stayed on as acting president until José María Velasco Ibarra was elected.

Juan de Dios Martínez

Juan de Dios Martínez Mera (9 March 1875 – 27 October 1955) was President of Ecuador from 1932 to 1933.

In Quito, a main avenue is named after him.


Alberto Guerrero Martínez

Alberto Guerrero Martínez (28 June 1884 – 21 May 1941) was acting President of Ecuador in 1932.


Carlos Freile Larrea

Carlos Freile Larrea (1876 – 23 April 1942) was acting President of Ecuador from 27 August 1932 to 2 September 1932.


Alfredo Baquerizo

Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno (28 September 1859, in Guayaquil – 20 March 1951) was an Ecuadorian politician. He served as Vice President of Ecuador of Leónidas Plaza and Lizardo García from 1903 to 1906 and as President of Ecuador three times in August - September 1912, September 1916 – August 1920 and October 1931 - August 1932. He was a member of the Ecuadorian Radical Liberal Party.


Luis Larrea Alba

Luis Alberto Larrea Alba (25 October 1894 – 17 April 1979) was a military officer and acting President of Ecuador in from 24 August to 15 October 1931.


Isidro Ayora

Isidro Ayora Cueva (August 31, 1879 – March 22, 1978) was an Ecuadorian political figure. He was the President of Ecuador from 1926 to 1931. Isidro Ayora, a town in Guayas, and Puerto Ayora, are named after him. Some people name coins "ayora" because this were introduced by him.


Gonzalo Córdova

Gonzalo Segundo Córdova y Rivera (July 15, 1863 – April 13, 1928) was President of Ecuador from 1924-1925. Like his immediate predecessors in the Liberal Party, he was considered to be a pawn of "La Argolla" ring"), a plutocracy of coastal agricultural and banking interests whose linchpin was the Commercial and Agricultural Bank of Guayaquil led by Francisco Urbina Jado.


José Luis Tamayo

José Luis Tamayo Terán (29 July 1858 – 7 July 1947) was President of Ecuador from 1 September 1920 to 31 August 1924. He was a member of the Ecuadorian Radical Liberal Party.


Fulk IV, Count of Anjou

Fulk IV (1043–1109), called le Réchin, was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou from 1068 until he was in 1096. He rebelled against his older brother Geoffrey III and took the of Anjou by force.

Fulk, born 1043, was the younger son of Geoffrey II, Count of Gâtinais and Ermengarde-Blanche of Anjou. Ermengarde-Blanche was a daughter of Fulk Nerra, count of Anjou, When Geoffrey Martel died without direct heirs he left Anjou to his nephew Geoffrey III, Fulk le Réchin's older brother. Geoffrey III was not an effective count. In 1062 Geoffrey failed to defend Saintonge and it was lost. In 1063 the county of Maine was lost to Anjou. In 1065 Geoffrey angered Archbishop Barthelemy of Tours and was excommunicated.

Fulk had enough and took the countship of Anjou by force. He fought with his brother and captured him in 1067. Under pressure from the Church he released Geoffrey. The two brothers started fighting again. This time Geoffrey was imprisoned for the rest of his life. Substantial territory was lost to Angevin control because of Geoffrey's poor rule and the civil war that followed. Fulk was forced to give the Gâtinais to Philip I of France the king. Fulk spent the rest of his reign as count trying to regain control of his barons and all the lost lands. He also struggled with Normandy trying to regain control in Maine and Brittany.

In 1096 Fulk wrote a history of Anjou and its rulers titled "Fragmentum historiae Andegavensis" or "History of Anjou." Only the first part of the history still exists. It describes Fulk's ancestry. The second part was thought to cover Fulk's own rule. This part has not been found. If he did write it, it is one of the first medieval works of history written by a .


His first wife was Hildegarde of Beaugency. Together they had a daughter:


Fulk then married Ermengarde of Bourbon in 1070. Together they had a son:


He next married an unnamed daughter of Walter I of Brienne. This marriage also ended in divorce, in 1087. they had no children. 

In 1089 he married Bertrade de Montfort. They had a son: 


Leónidas Plaza

Leónidas Plaza Gutiérrez (April 19, 1865 – November 17, 1932) was president of Ecuador for two separate occasions: From September 1, 1901 to August 31, 1905 and from September 1, 1912 to August 31, 1916.

He was the son of José Buenaventura Plaza, a school teacher and, Alegría Gutiérrez de Caviedes Sevillano, an attractive tall woman with arostocratic features and exquisite social manners of Colombian descent. He married María Avelina Lasso Ascázubi, with whom he had eight children. One of them, Galo Plaza, was also president of Ecuador.


Francisco Andrade Marín

Francisco Higinio Andrade Marín y Rivadeneira (November 15, 1841 – September 6, 1935 ) was acting President of Ecuador from March 6 to August 10, 1912.


Carlos Freile Zaldumbide

Carlos Freile Zaldumbide (May 18, 1851 – August 28, 1928) was an Ecuadorian politician, who served twice as acting President of Ecuador and one term as Vice President of Ecuador.

A wealthy landowner that pioneered Holstein livestock raising in Ecuador.

He was the acting President from 12 August 1911 to 1 September 1911 (a reign lasting just 21 days). He took the role on a temporary basis when Eloy Alfaro, who had been President for over 4 years, was overthrown and went to exile. Freile was replaced by the already elected President Emilio Estrada, whose mandate lasted just three months before his death on 21 December 1911.

Carlos Freile then served once again as acting president, this time from 22 December 1911 to 6 March 1912. He was again acting president during a crisis and was succeeded by Francisco Andrade Marín.


Emilio Estrada

Emilio Estrada Carmona (May 28, 1855 – December 21, 1911) was President of Ecuador September 1 through December 21, 1911. 

He died in office from complications of heart failure on December 21, 1911 in Quito, Ecuador, aged 56.


Lizardo García

Lizardo García Sorroza (26 April 1844 – 29 May 1927) was President of Ecuador from 1 September 1905 to 15 January 1906.

García was born in Guayaquil. He founded the chamber of commerce of Guayaquil and was a member of the firefighters of his natal city.


Garcia was president only for a few months. He was overthrown by the revolution led by Eloy Alfaro and was forced to leave the office.


Vicente Lucio Salazar

Vicente Lucio Salazar (20 December 1832 – 14 February 1896) was President of Ecuador between 16 April 1895 and 1 September 1895.

He became Vice President in 1894, and became President when Luis Cordero left office.


Luis Cordero Crespo

Luis Benjamín Cordero y Crespo (6 April 1833 – 30 January 1912) was President of Ecuador 1 July 1892 to 16 April 1895. His parents were Gregorio Cordero and Josefa Crespo.
He was a member of the Progresistas, a liberal Catholic political party, and was a member of the provisional governing junta which led the Progresistas to power in 1883.

Luis Cordero wrote poems in Spanish and Kichwa and published the first Kichwa-Spanish-Kichwa dictionary in Ecuador.


Antonio Flores Jijón

Juan Antonio María Flores y Jijón de Vivanco (23 October 1833 – 30 August 1915) was President of Ecuador from 17 August 1888 to 30 June 1892. He was a member of the Progressive Party, a Liberal Catholic party.

Antonio Flores was born in Quito at Carondelet Palace (the presidential residence) while his father, General Juan José Flores was President of Ecuador. During the first presidency of Gabriel García Moreno, Flores was an ambassador in Paris, London, and Washington, D.C.. 

He died in Geneva, Switzerland from complications of pneumonia. He was married to Leonor Ruiz de Apodaca y García-Tienza, a native of Cuba. His vice-president and predecessor was Pedro José Cevallos.


Pedro José Cevallos

Pedro José Cevallos Salvador (1830–1892) was President of Ecuador from 1 July 1888 to 17 August 1888 and Vice President from 1886 to 1890. From April to August 1891 the presidency of Antonio Flores Jijón he was minister of Public Instruction, Interior Affairs and Foreign Affairs. Shortly before his death he became a member of the Ecuadoran Academy of Literature.


José Plácido Caamaño

José María Plácido Caamaño y Gómez-Cornejo (5 October 1837 – December 31, 1901) was President of Ecuador from 23 November 1883 to 1 July 1888.

Caamaño was born in Guayaquil. He studied law and theology in the seminary of his native city, and was educated in Quito. Subsequently he was mayor of Guayaquil, and chief of the custom-house service. He was a member of the Progresistas, a liberal Catholic party.

An attempt was made to assassinate him in 1886, and he narrowly escaped death by throwing himself into a river. Under his administration telegraphs, railways, an institute of sciences, several Colleges, and many new schools were added to the resources of Ecuador.

After his term ended, he served as ambassador to US from 1889 to 1890.
Caamaño died on December 31, 1901 from complications of a heart attack in Seville, Spain, aged 63.


The Angel's Command

The Angel's Command is a book written by Brian Jacques (writer of the popular children's series "Redwall"), and the sequel to "Castaways of the Flying Dutchman". It follows the adventures of an immortal boy and his dog as they face pirates and other dangers from the high seas to the mountains.

The "Castaways of the Flying Dutchman" trilogy is based on the legend of the "Flying Dutchman". It tells of how a young boy and his dog managed to escape what happened to the "Flying Dutchman". They were given the ability to live forever, speak in any language, and talk to each other with their thoughts. Ben, the boy, and Ned, the dog, are sent to help those in need. 

In "The Angel's Command", they have a lot of adventures, including meeting a French buccaneer and a girl named Karay who's a thief. "The Angel's Command" was followed by a sequel in 2006 called "Voyage of Slaves".


Roots (TV miniseries)

Roots is an American television miniseries based on Alex Haley's 1976 book "Roots: The Saga of an American Family". It was first shown on ABC in 1977. It was shown over eight nights, from January 23 to January 30, 1977. It was followed by two sequels: "Roots: The Next Generations", which was shown on ABC in 1979, and "Roots: The Gift", a Christmas television movie which was shown on ABC in 1988. It got 37 Emmy Award nominations and won nine. It also won a Golden Globe and a Peabody Award.

The miniseries is about several generations of an African-American slave family. It shows their daily lives, where they are forced into labor, rape, and the sale and separation of their own family.

Standing ovation

A standing ovation is a form of applause where members of a seated audience stand up while applauding after great performance. A standing ovation can also be done to remember someone who died or when someone did a good deed.

Standing ovations are also often given in a sporting game to reflect an outstanding individual performance.

Allendale, New Jersey

Allendale is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 6,848, an increase of 343 (+5.3%) from the 6,505 counted at the 2010 Census.

Allendale was formed on November 8, 1894 from portions of Franklin Township, Hohokus Township and Orvil Township at the height of the "Boroughitis" phenomenon then sweeping through Bergen County.

Late science-fiction author Richard Matheson was born here on February 20, 1926.

Momoiro Clover Z

The group is known for energetic performances, incorporating elements of ballet, gymnastics, and action movies. In 2013, it was the 4th music artist by total sales revenue in Japan, with over ¥5.2 billion.

Momoiro Clover Z is ranked as the most popular female idol group according to 2013 and 2014 surveys.

Momoclo's songs are "hyperactive J-pop numbers". Their live performances are heavily choreographed and acrobatic. The group is known for their chaotic energy that is similar to that of punk bands. The response from the audience is also enthusiastic. Because of the hard dances, the girls' voices are not very stable. Nevertheless, they never lipsynch on stage. Overall, the group and its music are progressive and forward-thinking.

The group has worked with many famous songwriters and musicians, belonging to different genres of music, from pop to punk and heavy metal. For example, Marty Friedman played the guitar for , one of the singles, and also appeared on the group's concert.

On stage, the members can be easily found by the colors of their clothes.

There were some other members before releasing the debut CD:

<nowiki>*</nowiki>
Momoiro Clover Z have collaborated with overseas artists.

The group sings theme music for anime which are famous overseas too.

The group formed in the spring of 2008 and officially debuted as a six-member unit a year later. It was originally named "Momoiro Clover", which means "Pink Clover". The name was chosen to show that the band was composed of innocent girls who wanted to bring happiness to people.

In 2011, the group faced a crisis because subleader Akari Hayami suddenly quit. Then, the management added the letter "Z" to the name. In Japan, "Z" is a symbol of evolution.

The group is nicknamed , because most of its members are students and the group is active mainly on weekends.

The group gives a special emphasis to closeness to the fans and its slogan is . They used to perform on park walkways for passers-by. They also gave free concerts in electronics stores and sold CDs by themselves. Though the group made it big, their deep appreciation of the fans can be seen at their live concerts and events, when they make deep and long "ojigi", a bow to say thanks.


Division of Chifley

The Division of Chifley is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was created in 1969 and is named for Ben Chifley, who was Prime Minister of Australia 1945–49. It covers some of the outer western suburbs of Sydney including Arndell Park, Bidwill, Blackett, Colebee, Dean Park, Dharruk, Doonside, Emerton, Glendenning, Hassall Grove, Hebersham, Huntingwood, Lethbridge Park, Marayong, Minchinbury, Mount Druitt, Oakhurst, Plumpton, Rooty Hill, Ropes Crossing, Shalvey, Shanes Park, Tregear, Whalan, Willmot, Woodcroft and parts of Eastern Creek, Blacktown, Quakers Hill, Schofields and Riverstone.

Ed Husic was the first Muslim elected to the Australian Parliament.


Gaya College of Engineering

Gaya College of Engineering (GCE; ) is a college in the Indian state of Bihar. It was established in 2008. It was formerly named Magadh Engineering College when it was a private engineering institution. It is now a public institute. It is approved by AICTE. It was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Bihar Mr. Nitish Kumar on 19 November 2008. It is government engineering college managed by the government of Bihar. It is under the administrative control of the Department of Science and Technology. It is affiliated with Aryabhatta Knowledge University, Patna. GCE offers undergraduate courses in four streams of engineering.

Dota 2

Dota 2 is a video game that was released in 2013. It is a sequel to "Defense of the Ancients". Dota was originally a player-made map (also know as a mod) in "" that proved to be successful with over 5 million active players. When "Warcraft: Frozen Throne" game got old, it was hard to continue game development. As a result, Valve Corporation, with the help of the original maker (Icefrog) started to develop "Dota 2". We do not know the real name of Icefrog (which is an alias). Blizzard sued Valve over the copyright of Dota and lost.

The game is a hard to learn, hard to master strategy game. You map pick one of the 115 heroes. They're then put to two teams of five: one called the Radiant(Green) and the other, Dire(Red). The map contains three lanes called top, middle and bottom lanes. Usually, the team chooses to go 2-1-2(2 in top, 1 mid and 2 bot). Sometimes, it will be 2-1-1 or 1-1-2 because there will be a roamer. A roamer, as the name applies, goes all over the map where they can help.

'Creeps' spawn in both sides are called 'Minions' waves. They are controlled by the computer and they will attack the enemy creeps. They will target a hero or a tower if there is no creeps. The creeps are essential into winning the game since they give gold if killed by a hero.

In every lane, there are 3 towers. They're named by their tiers with tier 1 being the nearest to the enemies and tier 3 the farthest. You must destroy all the lane's towers before you can damage the barracks. The barracks are behind the tier 3 towers. If you destroy the 'Ranged Barracks' or 'Melee Barracks', the corresponding creeps spawn at the lane will be more powerful. If all 6 barracks get destroyed, all the creeps get boosted to Mega Creeps. Mega creeps are so powerful that an entire wave of them is equal to the power of a hero. If you have mega creeps, you will likely win the game.

The winning condition of the game is by destroying the enemy 'Ancient' or base while defending your own. Due to the large map and variety of scenarios,

games often last 30–50 minutes. Some games go to 2 hours if necessary. Players can also earn medals, which are displayed on their profile and represent their highest achieved rank during the current season. Each season lasts six months, and at the end of the season, players' ranks and medals are reset based on their performance in calibration matches.

You may leave the game before it ends, but you will get punished. Your next 1-5 games will be in a 'Low Priority' form. In low priority, every player gets a pool of only 3 heroes to pick. They can also not play with 'High Priority' players.

The game has two different teams with five "heroes" on each side. They can choose between 115 different heroes. Players have to get the rivaled towers in order to eventually get to the ancient and destroy it. Through the game, players can gain gold, buy items and of course, get kills and assists.

You can also play custom games, which are made by loyal players via the steam workshop. Dota 2 is famous for its complexity and forceful effort. Some people have earned millions of dollars playing this game in important hostages, most knowingly, the International, which has the biggest money pool in video game history, reaching 13 million in U.S.A dollars.

Echium vulcanorum

Echium vulcanorum is a plant species that belongs to the Boraginaceae family, the borage family. It is found only in the Fogo island, Cape Verde.

It was discovered and named by the French botanist Auguste Jean Baptiste Chevalier. He found the plant with flowers on July 1934.

It is locally known as "lingua de vaca" ("tongue of cow") because their leaves are rough. The same name is used for the other species of "Echium" that are found in Cape Verde: "Echium hypertropicum" and "Echium stenosiphon".

It is a shrub with many branches, up to 1.5–2 m tall. The stems are covered with many hairs. The leaves are lanceolates (pointed at both ends) up to 10 cm long and 1.5 wide.

The flowers are in dense inflorescences (groups of flowers), almost conical, up to 18 cm long, with white flowers with blue stripes.

"Echium vulcanorum" is endemic of the Cape Verdean island of Fogo on the volcano "Pico do Fogo". It occurs on volcanic soils of Fogo Island, mainly as two populations at Monte Losna/Pico Novo, where they can be found at about 1700 m, and in the border of the crater of the "Pico do Fogo" (the "Bordeira" region ) at altitudes between 2200 and 2400 m. A small population was also reported in "Chã das Caldeiras" (±1600 m). These populations exist generally in places facing to the southwest or the southeast. It prefers soils with a recent volcanic origin.

"Echium vulcanorum" is used for the production of (dry wood that will be burned) and destroyed by goats, so this species, as well as the other two "Echium" species of Cape Verde, is seriously threatened, so that measures for its protection should be taken with urgency.

Some conservation actions have been done at the "Bordeira region" (in the Natural Park of Fogo Island) and now there is a population with a relatively high number of individuals.


Rafael Carvajal

Rafael Carvajal Guzmán (1818–1881) was an Ecuadorian politician.

He served as Vice President of Ecuador from 1864 to 1865 and acting President from 31 August 1865 to 7 September 1865. He was the Vice President of Gabriel García Moreno. He succeed him after he was assassinated. 


Adventures of Captain Marvel

Adventures of Captain Marvel is a 12-chapter movie serial released in 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures. It was produced by Republic Studios. It stars Tom Tyler as Captain Marvel and Frank Coughlan, Jr. as Billy Batson. It was directed by William Witney and John English.


Elmore Leonard

Elmore John Leonard, Jr. (October 11, 1925 – August 20, 2013) was an American novelist and screenwriter. 

His best-known works are "Get Shorty", "Out of Sight", "Hombre", "Mr. Majestyk", and "Rum Punch". He was also writing for the TV series "Justified". 

Leonard was born on October 11, 1925 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was raised in Detroit, Michigan. Leonard studied at the University of Detroit. 

Leonard was married to Beverly Cline from 1949 until they divorced in 1977. Then he was married to Joan Shepard from 1979 until her death in 1993. Then he was married to Christine Kent from 1993 until his death in 2013. He had five children with Cline. 

Leonard spent the last years of his life with his family in Oakland County, Michigan. He suffered a stroke on July 29, 2013. Reports stated that Leonard was recovering from the stroke. 

On August 20, 2013, Leonard died at his home in Bloomfield Hills (a Detroit suburb) of complications from the stroke. He was 87 years old.


Enoch

Enoch is a figure in the Hebrew Bible and a patriarch who lived before Noah's flood. He is the son of Jared, the father of Methuselah, and most importantly, the great-grandfather of the great Noah. Enoch was born in 622 AM on Babylon, because he lived before the flood, he is from the Antediluvian period in the Hebrew Bible.

He is respected as a saint in the Catholic Church, Eastern Orthodox Church and Oriental Orthodoxy.

The Book of Genesis says Enoch lived 365 years before he was taken to heaven alive by God in 987 AM.

There are three apocryphal books attributed to Enoch, the most popular of which is 1 Enoch, also known as the Book of Enoch, a pseudepigraphical work, which means Enoch himself never wrote it. In the New Testament, Enoch is mentioned in the Gospel of Luke, the Epistle to the Hebrews, and the Epistle of Jude.

Enoch is first mentioned in the Book of Genesis as the seventh of the ten Patriarchs who lived before the flood; each patriarch lived for several centuries. Genesis 5 gives us a genealogy of these ten figures (from Adam to Noah), giving us information on the age at which each fathered the next and the age of each figure when they died. But for Enoch, he is an exception; he did "not see death" (). says that Enoch lived for 365 years, which is shorter than any other patriarch who lived before the flood; they are all said to be dying at over 700 years of age. The account of Enoch in Genesis 5 ends with the cryptic note that "he was not; for God took him". This happened 57 years after Adam's death and 69 years before Noah's birth.

Enmeduranki was an ancient Sumerian king who is said to have been a Mesopotamian model for Enoch, he lived before the ancient Egyptian dynasties ruling from about 3400 BC. Enmeduranki appears as the seventh name on the Sumerian King List, whereas Enoch is the seventh figure on the list of patriarchs in Genesis. Both of them were also said to have been taken up into heaven. Sippar, the city of Enmeduranki, has been said to be connected with sun worship, while the 365 years that Enoch is said to have lived may have formed the number of days in the solar calendar.

The New Testament mentions Enoch three times.




Ted Post

Theodore "Ted" Post (March 31, 1918 – August 20, 2013) was an American television and movie director. He was known for directed two Clint Eastwood movies "Hang 'Em High" and "Magnum Force".

Post was born on March 31, 1918 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at High School of Performing Arts. Post was married to Thelma Post from 1941 until his death in 2013. They had two children. Post died on August 20, 2013 from natural causes in Santa Monica, California, aged 95.


Pupusa

A pupusa is a thick griddle cake or flatbread from the cuisine of El Salvador is a traditional food made with corn flour, beans, cheese, chicharrón (pork), or any filling. People usually eat pupusas at breakfast and dinner. It is eaten with tomato sauce and curtido.

Pupusas - also known as pupisio - were first created by the Pipil in El Salvador. Over time cooking material for their preparation have been found in Joya de Cerén, “El Salvador’s Pompeii”, place of a native small town that was buried by ashes from a volcano explosion, and where foodstuffs were preserved as they were being cooked almost two thousand years ago by the tribes. The articles for their preparation have also been found in other archaeological sites in El Salvador.

Depending on what city people visit, they’ll find different types of Pupusas. if they go to the coast side, they’ll find Pupusas filled with shrimp and fish. Pupusas can be also filled with different types of flowers like “flor de Izote” (El Salvador national flower), lorocco, Cucurbita argyrosperma, cilantro, Chamaedorea tepejilote, chipilín, mora, chicken, and papelillo.

There are various types of Pupusas in El Salvador alone. From the way the dough is made to the preparation and even the fillings that are used, each place and pupuseria can have their own take on making a pupusa. On the other hand, El Salvador, a pupusa de arroz is also a popular variant. It is made from rice flour instead of cornmeal. Of course pupusas are not always going to taste the same, depending on what type of dough people make them with. Pupusas might taste a little different when using commercial corn or rice flour instead of masa harina (dried cornmeal flour) that Salvadorians use.

Kate Wilson Sheppard

Katherine Wilson Sheppard (10 March 1847, Liverpool, England – 13 July 1934, Christchurch, New Zealand) was a New Zealand activist for women's rights. She helped get women the right to vote in New Zealand. Kate Sheppard moved to Scotland when she was young. She was born with the name Catherine Wilson Malcolm. Her father died in 1862. She moved to New Zealand in 1869 and married at age 24. She had 2 husbands, one son, and one grandchild.

Sheppard is on the New Zealand ten dollar note.

Escape from Alcatraz (movie)

Escape from Alcatraz is a 1979 American prison/thriller/action movie. It was directed by Don Siegel. It stars Clint Eastwood, Larry Hankin, Patrick McGoohan, Fred Ward, Roberts Blossom, and Danny Glover. It was released to positive reviews on June 22, 1979.

Bill Gold

William "Bill" Gold (January 3, 1921 – May 20, 2018) was an American graphic designer best known for thousands of movie poster designs.

His first movie poster was for "Yankee Doodle Dandy" (1941), and his most recent and final work was for "J. Edgar" (2011). 

During his 70-year career he has worked with some of Hollywood's greatest filmmakers, including Laurence Olivier, Clint Eastwood, Alfred Hitchcock, Stanley Kubrick, Elia Kazan, François Truffaut, Ron Howard, Sidney Lumet, Ridley Scott, and Ray Harryhausen. 

Among his most famous movie posters are those for "Casablanca", "A Streetcar Named Desire", "The Exorcist", "A Clockwork Orange", "Escape from Alcatraz", and "Alien".

Gold was born on January 3, 1921 in New York City, New York. He died at his home in Old Greenwich, Connecticut on May 20, 2018 of complications from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 97.


Whina Cooper

Dame Whina Cooper (9 December 1895, Te Karaka, Hokianga, New Zealand – 26 March 1994, Panguru, New Zealand) fought for Maori land. She was elected first president of the new Maori Women's Welfare League.

Cooper was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire for the services to the Māori people in the 1953 Coronation Honours. In 1974, she was promoted to Commander. In 1981, she was promoted again to Dame Commander. 

Ellen Albertini Dow

Ellen Rose Albertini Dow (November 16, 1913 – May 4, 2015) was an American character actress. She mainly played feisty old ladies and is perhaps best known as the rapping grandmother in 1998 movie "The Wedding Singer". Other roles include the homophobic grandmother in "Wedding Crashers", Disco Dottie in "54", the recipient of Christopher Lloyd's slapstick in "Radioland Murders", and a choir member in "Sister Act".

Dow was born on November 16, 1913 in Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania. She studied at Cornell University. Dow was married to Eugene Dow from 1951 until his death in 2004. They had no children. 

Dow died on May 4, 2015 at her Los Angeles, California home, at age 101.


Coptic

Coptic can refer to:


Luigi (disambiguation)

Luigi is an Italian given name. Luigi may also mean:



Westerly, Rhode Island

Westerly is a town in southwestern Rhode Island, near the state line of Connecticut. The town was established in 1669. In 2020, the population was 23,359 by the census. 

Westerly might be named because of where it is in Rhode Island. But, the town may have also gotten the name "Westerly" from the English village Westerleigh. During summer, Westerly becomes a tourist attraction.

Atari 7800

The Atari 7800 is a 8-bit video game console. It was competing with the Nintendo Entertainment System and the Sega Master System. It was Atari's third-to-last attempt to create another video game system that would be a successor to the Atari 2600. It was a short-lived success.

The Atari 7800 is backwards compatible with Atari 2600 games, but not Atari 5200 games. The Atari 7800 is also compatible with Atari 2600 controllers, such as the Atari Paddle controller and the Atari Joystick controller.

Division of La Trobe

The Division of La Trobe is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It covers the outer south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne. At first it was closer to the city, but boundaries have since been changed. It originally included the suburbs of Croydon, Dandenong, Ferntree Gully and Ringwood. It now includes Boronia, Belgrave, Ferntree Gully, Berwick, Beaconsfield, Officer, Gembrook, Emerald and Cockatoo.

The Division was set up in 1949, and named after Charles La Trobe, the first Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria. 

The first person to hold the seat was Richard Casey, Baron Casey, later the 16th Governor-General of Australia. He was later given a seat in the British House of Lords. The Division of Casey, which is next to La Trobe, is named after him. In 1961, the division was the subject of a book, "Parties and People: A Survey Based on the La Trobe Electorate", by Creighton Burns.


Manila hostage crisis

The Manila hostage crisis (Tagalog: Pagbibihag ng bus sa Maynila; Chinese: 馬尼拉人質事件) happened on August 23, 2010. A man who had been fired from the Philippine National Police, Rolando del Rosario Mendoza, boarded a tourist bus in Rizal Park and took the passengers hostages. Nine people (including 8 tourists from Hong Kong, killed by Mendoza, and Mendoza himself) were killed in the incident.

Since some Hong Kong people blamed the Philippine Government for not handling the incident properly, the relationship between Hong Kong and the Philippines had become much worse.

Rolando del Rosario Mendoza was formerly a policeman. In 2008, he was fired because of complaints that he forced an arrested chef to admit drug trafficking that he had not done.

When he came aboard the tourist bus, he posted a sticker to the bus stating "BIG MISTAKE TO CORRECT A BIG WRONG DECISION".

The tour group was held by Hong Thai Travel. It set off on 20 August. The day when the incident happen was the last day of the tour. That day was also the Ghost Festival of China.

 "Note that the time mentioned in this chapter is 8 hours faster than the UTC."

About 10 o'clock, Mendoza boarded the bus. At that time, he let the tour guide and the hostage contact their households. The tour guide, Tse Ting Chunn, phoned the Assistant Manager, "依家有咗好大鑊嘅問題……有個軍人上咗我部車挾持咗我哋成部車，佢有兩把槍。(There is a serious incident. A solider came apart our bus and took us as hostage. He has two gun.)" The manager told him to make the tourist be calm.

At 2 pm, a younger brother of Mendoza came. A police officer took his gun. Mendoza got angry and shouted. At 9 pm, he started killing the tourists. First, he killed the tour guide. Next, he shot at Yik Siu Ling. She pretended to be dead. Then, some of the tourists decided to subdue him, but they were shot. After that, he kept on shooting at the tourists.

About 7 pm, The Philippine National Police signed the reinstatement order of Mendoza. However, because of the traffic jam, the document wasn't deliver to him on time. When the document was delivered, he had already killed many tourists.

The tour guide and six tourists who were shot by Mendoza died. Mendoza was shot dead by the police afterwards. Seven tourists were hurt. Some of them underwent surgery. Mike Yadrillo y Campanero, a citizen in the Philippines and a staff of TVB were also injured during the shootings.

The government of the Philippines agreed that the killed tourists were murdered.

On 5 November 2013, the Chief Executive of Hong Kong, CY Leung, has claimed that if no progress are made in a month, there will be sanctions against the Philippines.

On 29 January 2014, Hong Kong has canceled visa-free privileges for Philippine officials. However, Aquino III, the president of the Philippines, still refuses to apologize for the incident.

The official website of Bulacan, a city of the Philippines, was hacked. The background music was changed to the national anthem of the People's Republic of China and text was added which requested the government to apologize.

After the accident, some of the bodies of the killed tourists had been mixed up. Also, the staff of the funeral house opened the coffins and let journalists take photos. Such events made the Hong Kong people very more angry. Ironically, Mendoza's funeral was held at his home and his coffin was covered by the national flag of the Philippines. This added anger to the people of Hong Kong. A "netizen" of Hong Kong even joked that the Philippine flag could be used as doormat.

The Philippine Government said that the flag was used improperly. They had already asked the households of Mendoza to remove the flag.

Tse Ting Chunn, the tour guide, was buried in Diamond Hill Crematorium. Three tourist were buried at St. Raphael's Catholic Cemetery temporarily. The others were buried in Tribute Garden.

The Philippine Police were criticized for the followings:

When a injured tourist was on an ambulance, he asked for a bandage. However, a nurse told him to cover the wound himself.

Another injured tourist was sent to the Manila Doctors Hospital. However, a guard didn't let her in. Finally, when she was being transferred to the Manila City Hospital, she died.

The Government had set up public places for mourning, and also a Facebook page.。

Mourning masses were held in churches.

Many websites of Hong Kong turned their logos gray. "A Symphony of Lights", a firework and light show held every evening at 8:00 pm in Hong Kong was suspended.

A joint demonstration march was held by the policial parties such as the Democratic Party, the Civic Party, Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions, and Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong.

On 25 August, different religious organizations held Puja and mass. Upajjhayas of Fo Guang Shan, a Taiwanese temple, prayed for peace. The Archbishop of Manila led a prayer and 200 police officers lit candles for the dead in a mourning ceremony.

Fernando Chui Sai On, chief executive of Macau, wrote a condolence letter to Donald Tsang, the Chief Executive of Hong Kong then. The Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities in Macau turned its logo gray.

In 2013, household of the died tour guide and some of the injured filed a petition to the High Court. The petition is against the government of the Philippines, former mayor of Manila and 7 other units.

Two of the injured also filed a petition, but it was against Hong Thai Travel.

At 21:45 on 23 August 2008, Security Bureau had raised the Outbound Travel Alert for the Philippines to Black.

In the first two months after the incident, 4000 pesos of tourist receipts were lost. In August 2010, about 12,000 tourists were from Hong Kong. However, in September, there were only about 7000 tourists from Hong Kong.

Jackie Chan, an actor, said that Hong Kong people had forgiven the Philippine Police. Many "netizens" in Hong Kong disagreed his comment and condemned him. Later, his blog had an entry about his own café in the Philippines welcomed by the Philippine policemen. He later apologized.

One year after the crime, Wong Koon Chung, a singer, said that he would support killing the Philippine President Aquino III and cursing him with foul language. He later took back his speech.

A Hong Kong TV station, TVB, played "Can't Buy Me Love", a comedy, after the live show of the hostage incident. TVB had received complaints afterwards.

However, there were comments that comedies could make the audience relaxed.





Graphic designer

Graphic designer is a professional related with Graphic design's and Graphic art's industry. They build piece of designs through assembling typography and motion graphics(animation). Mainly graphic designers creates graphics for published, printed, or electronic media, such as brochures (sometimes) and advertising usages. Sometimes they are also part of typesetting, illustration, user interface construction and web designs. They are presenting information as accessible and memorable form.

A Bachelor's degree or certificate from accredited trade school is considered as usually essential for the position as a graphic designer. After a career history has been established, though, the graphic designer's experience and number of years in the business are considered the primary qualifications. A portfolio, which is the primary method for demonstrating these qualifications, is usually required to be shown at job interviews, and is constantly developed throughout a designer's career.

One can obtain an AAS, BA, BFA, BCA, MFA or an MPhil / PhD in graphic design. Degree programs available vary depending upon the institution. Although typical U.S. graphic design jobs may require at least some form of degree.
Current graphic designer jobs demand proficiency in one or more graphic design software programs. A common software package used in the graphic design industry is Adobe Creative Cloud. This software package contains the three main programs used by graphic designers, which are Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign. These are the industry standard applications for many graphic design positions. Another example of a common software package is CorelDraw Graphics Suite.

Outside the graphic design industry, many people use Microsoft Word or Microsoft Publisher to create a layout or design. However, depending on the job at hand, most designers create the layout in either InDesign, CorelDraw, or QuarkXPress. Specifically, the designer will type or import the text in the layout program, also importing the graphics and images they created in Photoshop or Illustrator. There are a couple of reasons a designer builds a layout in this fashion:

Files going to press are generally printed at 300 dots per inch. As a result, the file size can become very large, depending upon the photos and graphics used in it. By using a layout program and linking these graphics and images (but not saving all of them in the file itself), the working file is a fraction of the file size. When the designer is ready to go to press, s/he will either create a press-ready PDF; or use the "Package" function in InDesign, or the "Collect For Output" function in QuarkXpress or CorelDRAW (which gathers the layout document, plus all fonts and images used therein, and saves them in one folder which can be provided to a commercial printing company for final output).
InDesign, CorelDRAW, or QuarkXPress make it possible to work with large multiple page layouts, such as catalogs and booklets.
Since InDesign, CorelDRAW, and QuarkXPress the original file, linking to the graphics and images, the designer can change the "original file" and it will update all instances throughout the document to save time.
A web designer should understand how to work with XML, HTML, and basic web programming scripts. A print designer should understand the processes involved in printing (including, notably, offset printing) to be able to produce press-ready artwork.
Designers should be able to solve visual communication problems or challenges. In doing so, the designer must identify the communications issue, gather and analyze information related to the issue, and generate potential approaches aimed at solving the problem. Iterative prototyping and user testing can be used to determine the success or failure of a visual solution. Approaches to a communications problem are developed in the context of an audience and a media channel. Graphic designers must understand the social and cultural norms of that audience in order to develop visual solutions that are perceived as relevant, understandable and effective.
Graphic designers should also have a thorough understanding of production and rendering methods. Some of the technologies and methods of production are drawing, offset printing, photography, and time-based and interactive media (film, video, computer multimedia). Frequently, designers are also called upon to manage color in different media.

Saintonge

Saintonge () is a small region and historical province on the Atlantic coast of France. It is within the "département" Charente-Maritime, west and south of Charente in the administrative region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.
Saintonge gets its name from the ancient Gallic tribe of the "Santones" who lived in this area. The capital is the city of Saintes.

The Saintonge was the center of the French Huguenots. Today, the region is famous for its production of the grapes that are used to produce cognac and Pineau des Charentes. Corn and fruit are also produced here. Salt was produced here which was considered at the time the best in France.

It was the birthplace of the explorer Jean Allefonsce and Samuel de Champlain who founded Quebec.

Saintongeais is spoken in the former provinces of Saintonge, Aunis, and Angoumois

Geoffrey II, Count of Gâtinais

Geoffrey II, de Château-Landon (born – died 1043–46) was a French nobleman and the Count of Gâtinais.

Geoffrey was the son of Geoffrey, Count of Gâtinais, and Beatrice of Macon. She was the daughter of Aubry II of Mâcon. He was born about the year 1000. The Gâtinais was a key district on the northeast border of Orléans and Château-Landon was the capitol. he married Ermengarde-Blanche of Anjou, daughter of Fulk III Nerra. Together they were the ancestors of the House of Plantagenet. 
Geoffrey died about 1043–1046. After Geoffrey's death Ermengarde-Blanche married secondly Robert I, Duke of Burgundy.

Together, Geoffrey and Ermengarde had:


Populaire (movie)

Populaire is a 2012 French-Belgian romantic comedy movie. It is set in France and New York City in the late 1950s. It was directed by Régis Roinsard. It was released in the United Kingdom on 31 May 2013.

Mehmed VI

Mehmed VI (14 January 1861 – 16 May 1926) was the 36th and last Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. His reign lasted from 1918 to 1922. He succeeded his brother, Mehmed V, as the eldest male member of the House of Osman after the 1916 suicide of the heir to the throne, Yusuf Izzettin Efendi. He was presented with the Sword of Osman on 4 June 1918 in the traditional coronation ceremony. His father was Sultan Abdulmejid I and mother was Gülüstü (1831 – May 1861). His reign saw the collapse of the Ottoman Empire after its defeat in the First World War. The collapse of the Ottoman state resulted in its partitioning by Britain, France, Italy, Greece and Armenia. It was during this desperate time that the popular war hero Mustafa Kemal Atatürk assembled a Turkish resistance army in Ankara and fought off the Allied occupants of Anatolia during the Turkish War of Independence which he won. After removing the Western powers along with Greece from Anatolia in September 1922, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk then proceeded to abolish the Ottoman caliphate. Mehmed was removed from the throne when the Ottoman sultanate was abolished in 1922. As the sultan fled on an Allied warship, the Turkish army then liberated Istanbul in January 1923 which cemented the foundation of the new republic of Turkey with Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as its first president.


Vienna Bend, Louisiana

Vienna Bend is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana United States. The population was 1,314 at the 2020 census.

Morelos Municipality, Coahuila

Morelos is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat is Morelos. The municipality covers an area of 606.2 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,516. 

Municipalities of Campeche

The state of Campeche in Mexico is made up of 11 municipalities "(municipios)."

Syn (goddess)

Syn is a goddess (one of the Æsir) in Norse mythology. Syn guarded the door of Frigg's great hall, Sessrumnir, keeping out all unwelcome visitors. Syn was also called upon to guide or protect defendants in trials. She is considered a goddess of justice.

Her name means "refusal" in Old Norse.

Gerðr

Gerðr (or Gerda) is a jötunn and goddess in Norse mythology. She is the daughter of the jötunn (giant) Gymir and Aurboda; the sister of Beli; the wife of Frey, whose servant Skirnir, wooed and won her for his master. Gerðr spurned apples and gold but finally gave in at the terrible threat of eternal cold and loneliness, thus personifying winter giving in at last to the warm sunshine of spring. The nine nights of waiting between her consent to become Frey’s bride and the actual union is symbolic of the long nine months of hard winter in northern countries before spring arrives. In some mythologies the radiance of Gerda personifies the aurora borealis (northern lights).

Rindr

In Norse mythology, Rindr is a jotun. She is the daughter of Billing, king of the Ruthenians; mate of the god Odin; mother of Vali. She appears only once in the existing Norse manuscripts, as the temporary wife of Odin. Rinda is a personification of the hard, frozen rind of the Earth. At first, she resists the woohooing of Odin (the Sun) but finally succumbs to his warmth and gives birth to Vali, the light god of spring. And bous, who would later grow up to Balderus.

Geoffrey IV, Count of Anjou

Geoffrey IV ( – 11 May 1106), called Martel (the Hammer), was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou from 1096 until his death. 

Geoffey, born was the oldest son of Fulk IV Réchin and his second wife Ermengarde of Bourbon. She was the daughter of Archambaud IV, Sire de Bourbon. In his youth his bravery in battle won him the nickname "Martel the second". He was so named after his Geoffrey II of Anjou. Elias I, Count of Maine intended to go on crusade with Robert "Curthose", Duke of Normandy, who had already left. Elias asked Robert's brother William Rufus for protection for a crusader's lands while he was away. William flatly refused and made it known he wanted Maine (province) for himself. Elias was then captured, brought to William Rufus in chains and . Geoffrey IV had been contracted to marry Elias's daughter, Eremburge. Geoffrey hurried to Maine to defend against any attacks by William Rufus. At the same time his father created a on the border of Normandy. Elias however, did not trust Fulk Réchin and agreed to give William Rufus control of Maine for his release. William Rufus took Maine back and held it until his death in 1100.

In 1096 Geoffrey IV's father released his brother Geoffrey III the legitimate but deposed count of Anjou. This was through the intervention of Pope Urban II in 1096. The pope directed that Geoffrey IV Martel was to take over the countship of Anjou. Fulk IV consented to stepping down and making his son count of Anjou. According to Orderic Vitalis Geoffrey restored peace in Anjou and was a very effective count for several years. In 1103 Fulk le Réchin disinherited his son Geoffrey. He favored his younger son by Bertrade de Montfort, Fulk "Le June". By now Fulk le Réchin was old but he still tried to regain control of the countship. There was some brief fighting. Fulk le Réchin was supported by his son-in-law William IX, Duke of Aquitaine. Geoffrey Martel was supported by Elias I, Count of Maine. In the end Fulk le Réchin lost and Geoffrey remained the count of Anjou. Three years later Geoffrey was laying siege to Candé. When the rebels wanted to negotiate for peace and surrender. While Geoffrey was discussing the situation suddenly a crossbowman shot a bolt (short arrow) from the castle and hit Geoffrey in the arm. Geoffrey died the next day, 11 May 1106. Geoffrey died unmarried.

Erysimum caboverdeanum

Erysimum caboverdeanum is a plant species that belongs to the Brassicaceae family, the cabbage or mustard family. It is found only in the Fogo island, Cape Verde.

It was named for the first time by the French botanist Auguste Jean Baptiste Chevalier in 1935. "Caboverdeanum" (or the original "caboverdeana") is a Latin word that means "Cape Verdean" or "from Cape Verde".

Chevalier named, in 1935, this species as "Matthiola caboverdeana"; this name now is a synonym because Sunding changed it to the present name, "Erysimum caboverdeanum".

It is locally known as "crabo bravo" ("wild carnation") and "alecrim branco" ("white rosemary").

"Erysimum caboverdeanum" is a biennial small bush, up to high; its stems are woody and they stand upright. The narrow leaves are about long and wide and their margins are finely ed.

The flowers, which are white or lilac coloured, are in groups (inflorescences) at the end of the stems. The fruits are very narrow and stand upright.
"Erysimum caboverdeanum" is an endemic species of the Cape Verdean island of Fogo on the volcano "Pico do Fogo". It is common in soils with a recent volcanic origin at an altitude between ; it is found on the slopes of the volcano and in the "Chã das Caldeiras", the plain in the volcanic crater.

The species is used for traditional medicinal purposes mainly as an infusion.

It is possible to use it as an ornamental plant, even in places like central Europe.


1999 Bridge Creek–Moore tornado

The 1999 Bridge Creek-Moore tornado was a very violent F5 tornado that hit the Bridge Creek and Moore areas of Oklahoma on the evening of May 3, 1999. It had the highest wind speed ever recorded at 301 miles per hour (484 km/h). It killed at least 36 people and hurt 583 others. It caused $1 billion in damage. The tornado's strength led to the National Weather Service Weather Forecast Office in Norman issuing the first-ever tornado emergency. In 2013, Moore was again hit by an EF5 tornado, but fewer people were killed even though there was more damage.


Division of Jagajaga

The Division of Jagajaga is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It covers the north-eastern suburbs of Melbourne north of the Yarra River. It includes the suburbs of Ivanhoe, Eaglemont, Bellfield, Heidelberg, Rosanna, Viewbank, Lower Plenty, Macleod, Yallambie, Eltham, Watsonia, Bundoora, Greensborough, Montmorency, Briar Hill, St Helena, Research, North Warrandyte and Kangaroo Ground.

The Division was set up in 1984, and named after three Wurundjeri indigenous Australian men. They signed the Batman Treaty with one of the founders of Melbourne, John Batman, in 1835.

Peter Staples held several positions during the Hawke and Keating Governments. These included the Minister for Consumer Affairs, Minister for Housing and Aged Care, Minister for Aged, Family and Health Services. Jenny Macklin is the Minister for Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs and former Deputy Leader of the Australian Labor Party.


Division of Mallee

The Division of Mallee is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It is in the far north-west of the state. At , it is the largest Division in Victoria. It includes Mildura, Ouyen, Swan Hill, St Arnaud, Warracknabeal and Horsham.

The Division was set up in 1949 was named after the Mallee region of Victoria, where it is located. Mallee is a variety of eucalyptus. The Division also includes the Wimmera region of Victoria.

For the 2013 election, Mallee is the safest Coalition seat in federal parliament with a swing of 24% needed for it to change parties. 

Winton Turnbull was a prisoner of war during World War Two, and held at the infamous Changi prison in Singapore. He never missed a single sitting day in Parliament during his 26 years and 8 months as a member.


Morgan

Morgan is a given name and a surname. It might also mean:





Division of Maribyrnong

The Division of Maribyrnong is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It is in the north-western suburbs of Melbourne. It includes Moonee Ponds, Essendon, Niddrie, Keilor East, Avondale Heights, Tullamarine, Airport West, Sunshine and Brooklyn. Over the years the boundaries have been redrawn and the Division has been slowly moving west. It originally included the suburbs of Footscray and North Melbourne. According to the 2006 census, this electorate has the most Catholics in Australia with 44.4% of population.

The Division was set up in 1906 and named after the Maribyrnong River, which runs through it. "Maribynong" is an Indigenous Australian word for yam or edible root.

Samuel Mauger was the Post-Master General in 1908. James Fenton was the Minister for Trade and Customs in the Scullin Government, and Post-Master General in the Lyons Government. Arthur Drakeford was the Minister for the Air, Minister for Civil Aviation, and for a short time Minister for the Navy during the Curtin and Chifley Governments. Moss Cass was the Minister for the Environment and Conservation in the Hawke Government. Alan Griffiths was the Minister for Resources in 1990, the Minister for Tourism in 1991 and the Minister for Industry, Technology and Regional Development in 1993. Bill Shorten is the former National Secretary of the Australian Workers' Union. He was Minister for Employment and Workplace Relations and Minister for Education during the Gillard and Rudd governments. In 2013 he became the leader of the Australian Labor Party, and the Leader of the Opposition.


Division of McEwen

The Division of McEwen is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It is north of the capital city of Melbourne. It includes Broadford, Craigieburn, Doreen, Kilmore, Lancefield, New Gisborne, Riddells Creek, Romsey, Seymour, Sunbury, Wallan and Whittlesea.

It was set up in 1984 and named after Sir John McEwen, leader of the Country Party of Australia. McEwen was caretaker Prime Minister of Australia after the disappearance of Harold Holt in 1967.

In 2007 Fran Bailey lost the election by only six votes. She asked for the votes to be recounted and she won by 12 votes The result was challenged in the High Court of Australia and was referred to the Federal Court of Australia. Seven months later, and after carefully checking 643 individual votes, the court found Bailey had won by 31 votes. Later Bailey called for big changes the voting system.

Fran Bailey was Minister for Employment Services, Assistant Minister for Defence, and later Minister for Small Business and Tourism during the Howard Government.


Santorini caldera

Santorini caldera is a large, mostly submerged caldera. It is in Greece, in the southern Aegean Sea, 120 kilometers north of Crete. Visible above water is the circular Santorini island group.

The caldera measures about , with high steep cliffs on three sides. There are two small volcanic islands at the center of the caldera, Nea ("New") Kameni and Palea ("Old") Kameni. The main island, Santorini has an area of km2.

The extraordinary beauty of Santorini's high walls, draped by whitewashed villages, combined with a sunny climate and clear air, have made it a magnet for tourists and volcanologists. 

The volcanic complex of Santorini is the most active part of the South Aegean Volcanic Arc. This marks the subduction of the African tectonic plate underneath the Aegean part of the Eurasian tectonic plate, at a rate of up to 5 cm per year in a northeasterly direction. It has earthquakes at depths of 150–170 km.

Non-volcanic rocks are exposed on Santorini at the Profitis Ilias Mountain, Mesa Vouno, the Gavrillos ridge, Pirgos, Monolithos and the inner side of the caldera wall between Cape Plaka and Athinios.

The Kameni islands at the center of the caldera are made of lava rocks.

The caldera is composed of overlapping shield volcanoes, cut by at least four partially overlapping calderas, of which the oldest southern caldera was formed about 180,000 years ago. The subsequent Skaros caldera was created about 70,000 years ago, and the Cape Riva caldera about 21,000 years ago. The current caldera was formed about 3600 years ago during the Minoan eruption.

Palea Kameni and Nea Kameni were formed as a result of multiple, initially submarine eruptions at the center of the caldera.

Although dormant, Santorini is an active volcano. Numerous minor and medium-sized, mainly effusive eruptions have built the dark-colored lava shields of Nea and Palea Kameni inside the caldera.

Their last eruption was in 1950, and now only smoke and gases come out. GPS instruments have registered renewed deformation around the caldera in 2011 and 2012. 

The huge Minoan eruption of Santorini in the 17th century BC may have inspired the legend of Atlantis. It was rated 7, the highest score for a historical eruption, in the Smithsonian Global Volcanism Program's Volcanic Explosivity Index.

Coptic language

Coptic or Coptic Egyptian is an Egyptian language. It was spoken by many people in Egypt until at least the 17th century. Now, only a few people speak the language.

Egyptian began to be written using the Greek alphabet in the 1st century. The new writing system became the Coptic script, an adapted Greek alphabet with the addition of six or seven signs from the demotic script to represent Egyptian sounds the Greek language did not have. The two most common dialects are Sahidic and Bohairic.

Coptic and demotic Egyptian are very similar to the earlier Egyptian language written in the hieroglyphic script. Coptic flourished as a literary language from the 2nd to 13th centuries, and its Bohairic dialect continues to be the liturgical language of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. It was supplanted by Egyptian Arabic as a spoken language toward the early modern period. The Copts have tried to revive the language since the 19th century.

Richard Warren

Richard Warren (ca. 1580 - ca.1628) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" on its 1620 voyage from the Old World to the New. He was one of the 41 signers of the Mayflower Compact.

His descendants in the United States are legion and include many notable Americans: 


Brian Sims

Brian Kendall Sims (born September 16, 1978) is an American Democratic politician and football captain. He was the first college American football captain to come out as gay. He is also the first openly gay person elected to the Pennsylvania General Assembly. He was a candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania in the 2022 election.

Sims's parents were both colonels in the U.S. Army. He has a twin brother, an older brother, and a younger sister. He went to high school in Chester County, Pennsylvania.

Sims has a bachelor of science degree from Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania. He also has a juris doctor degree from the Michigan State University College of Law.

At Bloomsburg, Sims was the captain of the 2000 National Championship Division II football team. He was a first-string defensive tackle. He became the only openly gay college football captain in NCAA history.

Sims was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, 182nd District. Sims was the first openly gay person elected to the Pennsylvania General Assembly.

In June 2013, the Defense of Marriage Act was ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. Sims was not allowed to make a speech supporting the decision in the Pennsylvania House. House Speaker Daryl Metcalfe, a Republican, said that allowing him to speak would be a violation of God's law.
In May 2019, Sims posted an eight minute video of himself confronting a woman who was protesting outside a Planned Parenthood facility in Philadelphia by praying with a rosary. On May 15, 2019 he was served a summons for federal case 5:19-cv-00834 at his office on Chestnut Street. On July 15, 2019 at 3:00 PM the Default judgement entered on June 18, 2019 was used as collateral for trying to help Hahnemann Hospital stay open case # 19-11466 Delaware Bankruptcy Court.

On February 15, 2021 Sims announced on Twitter that he was running for lieutenant governor in the 2022 election. He lost the Democratic nomination in May 2022 to Austin Davis.

Psychopathology

Psychopathology is the study of mental illnesses. Study started during the 6th century B.C. 


Sid Bernstein

Sid Bernstein (August 12, 1918 – August 21, 2013) was an American music producer and promoter. Bernstein changed the American music scene in the 1960s by bringing The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Herman's Hermits, The Moody Blues, and The Kinks to America. He was the first impresario to organize rock concerts at sports stadiums.

Bernstein was born in New York City, New York on August 12, 1918. He was married to Geraldine Gale until his death in 2013. They had six children. Bernstein died on August 21, 2013 from natural causes in his home in Manhattan, New York, aged 95.


Lee Thompson Young

Lee Thompson Young (February 1, 1984 – August 19, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Jett Jackson in "The Famous Jett Jackson" and as Chris Comer in the movie "Friday Night Lights". His last starring role was portraying Boston police detective Barry Frost in "Rizzoli & Isles".

Young was born in Columbia, South Carolina on February 1, 1984. He studied at the University of Southern California. Thompson committed suicide by shooting himself in his Los Angeles, California apartment on August 19, 2013. He was 29 years old.


Nickelodeon (Italian TV channel)

Nickelodeon is an Italian television channel. It launched on 1 November 2004 on Sky Italia.
From 1997 until 2000, Rai Sat 2 broadcast Nickelodeon cartoons for three hours a day.

The channel was launched on 1 November 2004. At first, it shared its frequency with Comedy Central. Nickelodeon broadcast during the day and Commedy Central broadcast at night. On 31 July 2009 a +1 timeshift version was launched. The same day Nick Jr. was launched. It replaced RaiSat YOYO. RaiSat YOYO became free and is now named Rai Yoyo. On 9 September 2013, Nickelodean and the +1 version of the network changed to a widescreen wikt:aspect:aspect ratio.

Gyrocompass

A gyrocompass is a type of compass that does not use magnetism to point north. Normal compasses do not work around magnets, or big pieces of ferrous metal. Gyrocompasses do. This makes them very useful.

A gyrocompass is a non-magnetic compass based on a fast-spinning disc and the rotation of the Earth It automatically finds geographical direction. 

Although one part of a gyrocompass is a gyroscope, these are not the same devices. A crucial ingredient is needed to turn a gyroscope into a gyrocompass, so it would automatically position to true north. This is some mechanism that applies torque whenever the compass's axis is not pointing north. Successful methods have two significant advantages over magnetic compasses:

Division of McMillan

The Division of McMillan was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It covered the western part of the Gippsland region. It included Drouin, Erica, Foster, Inverloch, Korumburra, Leongatha, Mirboo North, Moe, Neerim South, Newborough, Nyora, Pakenham, Trafalgar, Walhalla, Warragul, Wonthaggi, Yallourn North and Yarragon. It was the southernmost electoral division in continental Australia. It was replaced by the Division of Monash in 2019.

The Division was set up in 1949, and named after Angus McMillan, one of the first Europeans to explore the Gippsland region. 

In 1972 Country Party candidate Arthur Hewson won the seat with a primary vote of 16.6%. This is the lowest primary vote for a winning candidate in any federal election.


Michael Mifsud

Michael Mifsud (born 17 April 1981) is a Maltese football player. He plays for Malta national team.


Division of Melbourne Ports

The Division of Melbourne Ports was an Australian federal electoral division in the inner south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It was set up for the first election in 1901. At the time it was named Melbourne Ports as it covered both Port Melbourne and Williamstown. Later it included the suburbs of Albert Park, Balaclava, Caulfield, Caulfield East, Caulfield North, part of Elsternwick, Elwood, Middle Park, Port Melbourne, Ripponlea, St Kilda, St Kilda East, St Kilda West, Southbank, South Melbourne and parts of South Yarra and Docklands. It was abolished in 2019, and renamed as Macnamara.

Samuel Mauger was later elected to the Division of Maribyrnong. Jack Holloway became Minister for Social Services and Minister for Health in 1941. From 1943–1949 he was Minister for Labour and National Service. Frank Crean was Treasurer and Minister for Trade in the Whitlam Government. In 1975 he was Deputy Prime Minister of Australia. Clyde Holding had been the Leader of the Opposition in the Victorian Parliament. He held several positions in the Hawke Government including Aboriginal Affairs, Employment Services and Youth Affairs, Transport and Communications Support, Immigration, Local Government and Ethnic Affairs.



Coburger Hütte

The Coburger Hütte is a mountain refuge in Tyrol, Austria. It is in the Mieminger Chain in Tyrol. It is a few meters above the Drachensee and 200 meters from Seebensee. Tourist accommodation is usually open from June to early October. A winter room is available. Its altitude is 1917 meters. From there, mountain climbers can make a few other climbs (including Sonnenspizte, Taja-Kopf, Hinterer).

Seebensee

The Seebensee is a lake in Austria. It is at above the Ehrwalder Alm in Mieminger. It is in the east of Middle Tajakopf. The Seebensee has a drain on the Seebenbachfall and Geißbach in the Loisach. From Seebensee, people can climb up to Coburger Hütte. The location is known for its cows and its unofficial mascot Ben the Seebensee Cow.

Lady with an Ermine

Lady with an Ermine (Portrait of Cecilia Gallerani) ( ; ) is a painting by Leonardo da Vinci. It was painted between 1489 and 1490. The subject of the portrait is Cecilia Gallerani, the mistress of Ludovico Sforza, Duke of Milan. Cecilia was pregnant at the time of the portrait. Leonardo was in the service of the Duke, who's nickname was 'white ermine'. The ermine was a symbol of purity for Leonardo. The painting was done in three stages and we know this because it went under reflective light technology and a multi lens camera was used. The first was a portrait just of Cecillia, the second he added a thin, small ermine and in the final stage, Leonardo made the ermine look more powerful and muscular. "Lady with an Ermine" is displayed in the Czartoryski Museum, Kraków, Poland. 


Mixed forest

Mixed forests are a temperate and humid biome. The forests have four layers. The uppermost layer is the forest canopy of tall, mature trees from 33 to 66 m (100 to 200 feet) high. 

Below the canopy is the three-layered understory, about 9 to 15 m (30 to 50 feet) shorter than the canopy. The top layer of the understory has smaller mature trees, saplings. There are also suppressed juvenile canopy layer trees waiting for an opening in the canopy. Below the sub-canopy is the shrub layer of low-growing woody plants. Most of the time, the lowest growing (and most diverse) layer is the ground cover or herbaceous layer.

Ancient woodland

Ancient woodland is the name used in the United Kingdom for woodland which has existed continuously since 1600 or before in England and Wales (or 1750 in Scotland). Before those dates, planting of new woodland was uncommon, so a wood present in 1600 was likely to have developed naturally. The American name for these forests is "old growth forest".

For many species of animal and plant, ancient woodland sites provide the only habitat. For many others, conditions on these sites are much more suitable than those on other sites. Ancient woodland in the UK, like rainforest in the tropics, is home to rare and threatened species, more than any other UK habitat. For these reasons ancient woodland is often described as an irreplaceable resource, or 'critical natural capital'.

Ancient woodland is formally defined on maps by Natural England and equivalent bodies. Many ancient woodlands have legal protection, but an ancient woodland is not automatically protected. 


Bluebell wood

A bluebell wood is a woodland that in springtime has a carpet of flowering bluebells ("Hyacinthoides non-scripta") underneath a newly forming leaf canopy. The thicker the summer canopy, the more the ground-cover is suppressed. This encourages a dense carpet of bluebells, whose leaves mature and die down by early summer.

Bluebell woods may be found in all parts of Great Britain and Ireland, as well as elsewhere in Europe. Bluebells are a common indicator species for ancient woodlands, so bluebell woods are likely to date back to at least 1600.

Gerard Manley Hopkins, one of the romantic poets, was very keen on bluebells, as his poem "May Magnificat" shows.
<poem>And azuring-over greybell makes
Wood banks and brakes wash wet like lakes</poem>

In his journal entry for 9 May 1871 Hopkins says:

In the little wood opposite the light they stood in blackish spreads or sheddings like spots on a snake. The heads are then like thongs and solemn in grain and grape-colour. But in the clough through the light they come in falls of sky-colour washing the brows and slacks of the ground with vein-blue, thickening at the double, vertical themselves and the young grass and brake-fern combed vertical, but the brake struck the upright of all this with winged transomes. It was a lovely sight. - The bluebells in your hand baffle you with their inscape, made to every sense. If you draw your fingers through them they are lodged and struggle with a shock of wet heads; the long stalks rub and click and flatten to a fan on one another like your fingers themselves would when you passed the palms hard across one another, making a brittle rub and jostle like the noise of a hurdle strained by leaning against; then there is the faint honey smell and in the mouth the sweet gum when you bite them.

Ardennes

Ardennes might mean:


Ardennes (forest)

The Ardennes (also known as Ardennes Forest) is a mountain range in eastern Belgium (eastern Wallonia), northern Luxembourg (the Oesling) and bordering France (Ardennes (department)).

It consist of hills of an altitude up to nearly 700 meters. It has many forests and few people.

The Ardennes are primarily made of slate, and borders in the east at the German Eifel. Important river is the Meuse.

Ginevra de' Benci

Ginevra de' Benci is an oil on wood painting by Leonardo da Vinci. The painting was made by Leonardo between 1479 and 1480. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. It is the only Leonardo painting on view in the United States.

Auguste Jean Baptiste Chevalier

Auguste Jean Baptiste Chevalier was a French botanist, and explorer of tropical Africa, especially of French Africa and Côte d'Ivoire.
Chevalier was born on 23 June 1873 in Domfront, a town in Orne, Lower Normandy, France. His family had a small farm in Normandy and he studied first in Domfront and then in Caen.

He finished high school in 1891 and began to study at Caen University and, in 1893, Élie Antoine Octave Lignier, botanist at the university, put him in charge of making the catalog of the university herbarium.

After his military service in 1894, he got his degree in natural sciences in 1896 and he began to work with the botanist Charles Eugene Bertrand at the University of Lille. In 1897, he got a scholarship, allowing him to enter the botanical laboratory of Philippe Van Tieghem at the National Museum of Natural History. From 1899 to 1900, he was part of a scientific travel to Sudan.

Chevalier got a doctorate in 1901 and then made many scientific travels, mainly to Africa but also to tropical Asia and to South America. He became an assistant in the Colonial Agriculture Laboratory of the "École pratique des hautes études" (an establishment of research and higher education); in 1907 he became the deputy director of the institution and then in 1912 was made director of it.

In 1921, he began publishing the journal "Revue de Botanique Appliquée", in French, where he wrote many articles.

In 1929 he was made professor of crop production at the National Museum of Natural History of France; he remained here until his retirement in 146. He became a member of the French Academy of Sciences in 1937.

After his death in 1956, the Domfront municipality gave his name to the high school of the city in 1959.

Partial list of articles and books of Auguste Chevalier:



Fatin Shidqia

Fatin Shidqia Lubis (born in Jakarta, 30 July 1996) is an Indonesian singer. She won the talent show "X Factor Indonesia".


Oh! Susanna

"Oh! Susanna" is a song by Stephen Foster. It was Foster's first hit song. The song debuted in the Eagle Ice Cream Saloon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on September 11, 1847 and was published by W. C. Peters of Cincinnati, Ohio in 1848. It became the unofficial anthem of the California Gold Rush in 1849.

Foster had little appreciation of the worth of his songs. His brother Morrison wrote: "While in Cincinnati [Stephen] wrote "Oh, Susanna", a song which soon became famous ... There was then in Cincinnati in the music business, W. C. Peters, whom Stephen had known in Pittsburgh, and who had taught music in our family ... [Stephen] made a present of "Old Uncle Ned" and "Oh, Susanna" to Mr. Peters. The latter made ten thousand dollars out of them, and established a music publishing house which became the largest in the West. The fame of these two songs went around the world, and thousands sang and played them who never heard the name of the author or whence they came."


Pilliga forest

The State Forests of The Pilliga, also called the Pilliga Scrub, covers an area of 3000 km in north-central New South Wales, Australia. It is the largest area of semi-arid woodland in the state. The forest is near the towns of Baradine and Narrabri and the villages of Pilliga and Gwabegar.

Author Eric Rolls wrote a book about the Pilliga called "A Million Wild Acres." He argued that the forest used to be an open woodland forest and that European influence has let the cypress pines take over. However, many scientific authors now disagree, using historical records from as early as the 1870s which say that the types of plants in the forest have not changed as much as Rolls suggests. However most of his history of the region is an important document for understanding the area.

The geology of the area is mainly Pilliga sandstone. This is a coarse red to yellow Jurassic sandstone containing about 75% quartz, 15% plagioclase and 10% iron oxide.In the south are sandstone outcrops with basalt-capped ridges. In the north there are plains of alluvium from flooding creeks. There are small, shallow, usually dry lakes, called gilgais, in some areas. In the west there are dry sandy creeks, called "sand monkeys". In the east is a heavily eroded sandstone mountain range, which can be seen as sandstone outcrops such as those around Gin's Leap between Baan Baa and Boggabri.

The forest contains at least 900 plant species. Some areas of the forest, particularly in the western Pilliga, are dominated by cypress-pine ("Callitris" spp.). However there are a variety of other plant communities in the forest, some of which do not include "Callitris". These include smaller she-oaks, while eucalypts are the taller trees throughout the forest.

Animals found in the Pilliga Nature Reserve include at least 36 native and nine introduced mammals, 50 reptiles and at least 15 frogs. Squirrel Gliders, Koalas, Rufous Bettongs and Pilliga Mice are present.

A 4909 km area of land, including the forest and the nearby Warrumbungle National Park, has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA). It supports groups of Painted Honeyeaters and Diamond Firetails. Endangered Swift Parrots and Regent Honeyeaters, and near threatened Bush Stone-curlews, are sometimes seen in the forest. Other woodland birds present in good numbers include Barking Owls, Glossy Black-Cockatoos, Grey-crowned Babblers, Speckled Warblers, Brown Treecreepers, Hooded Robins and Turquoise Parrots.

Fire plays a major role in the ecology of the forest with many plant species needing fire to regenerate. Sometimes the fires can be extremely hot, spread very quickly and threaten nearby properties as well as laying waste to entire ecosystems. If these fires occur less than 15 years apart there can be a loss of plant and animal biodiversity. The size of the Pilliga bushfires is linked to the El Nino Southern Oscillation phenomena, with El Nino (dry) years having the most severe fires.

In 1997 a major fire burned about 1,435 km² of the forest. An extremely dry winter and spring in 2006 saw a number of large fires develop, including the Pilliga 4 Fire in November/December which burned out 740 km² on its first day.

There many roads in the forest, many of which are former forestry roads. There used to be a large forestry industry, cutting cypress pine and ironbarks. In 2005 the NSW government protected much of the forest for environmental conservation.

There are many attractions in the forest, including:

Beautiful Dreamer

"Beautiful Dreamer" is a song by Stephen Foster written about 1862. It was first published (posthumously) in 1864 by William A. Pond & Co. It has been promoted as Foster's last song, but that distinction cannot be confirmed. It is similar in some respects to his first published song, "Open They Lattice, Love". Both have a triple rhythm and share imagery of the sea and marine life. 

The arpeggiated accompaniment recalls bel canto opera. The dreamer in this song is either asleep or dead. The song does not distinguish. It is a song though about dissolution of melting, of dissolving, of vanishing into mists, and, finally into death. The song is not held in the highest esteem by some musicologists and has been described by one as "saccharine" and "[smacking] somewhat of the idiom of Irving Berlin."

<poem>
1.
Beautiful dreamer, wake unto me,
Starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee;
Sounds of the rude world, heard in the day,
Lull'd by the moonlight have all pass'd away!
Beautiful dreamer, queen of my song,
List while I woo thee with soft melody;
Gone are the cares of life's busy throng,
Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!

2.
Beautiful dreamer, out on the sea,
Mermaids are chanting the wild lorelei;
Over the streamlet vapors are borne,
Waiting to fade at the bright coming morn.
Beautiful dreamer, beam on my heart,
E'en as the morn on the streamlet and sea;
Then will all clouds of sorrow depart,
Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
</poem>


Box-Ironbark forest

Box-Ironbark forest is a forest or woodland ecosystem found in central Victoria in south-eastern Australia. It is named after the Box and Ironbark trees which grow in the forest. These tree species produce a lot of nectar and pollen throughout the year. This is important for the conservation of many species of birds and other animals.

Box-Ironbark forest lies mainly within the Goldfields region of Victoria. During the main years of the gold rush (1851-1870) it underwent intensive digging and clearing in the goldfields. Large areas of forest were cut down for use in the gold mines and for firewood in surrounding areas. After the gold rush, the forests were still heavily cut for firewood and cleared for farming.

Box-Ironbark forest is found on rocky, often auriferous (gold-bearing), soils, in flat and undulating landscapes at altitudes of 150–600 m above sea level. The average annual rainfall of is 500–800 mm. About 40% of the original forest ecosystem in Victoria is public land, with about 20% protected in conservation reserves. About 55% has been permanently cleared for agriculture, mining and urban development. Remaining forest is in small scattered areas.

Box-Ironbark forest has a canopy of box, ironbark and gum-barked eucalypts, growing to 25 m in height. Below them is an understorey of wattles, small-leaved and prostrate shrubs, herbs and grasses. The main trees are White Box, Red Box, Red Ironbark, Mugga Ironbark, Yellow Gum and Red Stringybark. In some areas they may grow with, or be replaced by, Yellow Box, Long-leaf Box or Silver Bundy. The mix of plants in the groundcover includes the largest concentrations of orchids of any Victorian ecosystem. Small herbs and shrubs found in Box-Ironbark forests include "Cheiranthera cyanaea", "Philotheca verrucosa", "Xerochrysum viscosum", "Pultenaea largiflorens", "Acacia williamsonii" and "Stuartina muelleri".

The trees of the Box-Ironbark forest produce a lot of flowers and nectar. They are a major source of nectar and pollen for honeyeaters, lorikeets and many kinds of invertebrates. Flowering of the different species of eucalypts takes place at different times of year so there is always a nectar or pollen source available for migratory, nomadic and resident birds. This means there are both more species, and greater numbers of individuals, of honeyeaters and lorikeets than in any other ecosystem. These birds include Black-chinned, Regent, Fuscous and Brown-headed Honeyeaters, Swift Parrots and Musk Lorikeets. The forest supports the largest numbers of Eastern Grey Kangaroos in Victoria and is a stronghold for Brush-tailed Phascogales, Yellow-footed Antechinuses and Squirrel Gliders.


Ironbark

Ironbark is a common name of a number of species within the genus "Eucalyptus" that have dark, deeply furrowed bark.

Many eucalypts shed their bark very year, but on an Ironbark the dead bark stays on the trees, forming the furrows. It becomes rough after drying out and becomes full of kino, a dark red tree sap exuded by the tree. The bark is resistant to fire and heat and protects the living tissue within the trunk and branches from fire. In cases of extreme fire, where leaves and shoots are removed, the bark protects the epicormic buds which allow the tree to reshoot.


Belanglo State Forest

Belanglo State Forest is a planted forest in the Australian state of New South Wales covering an area of about 3,500 hectares. It is south of Berrima in the Southern Highlands, five kilometres west of the Hume Highway between Sydney and Canberra. The forest is owned by the New South Wales Government and has some of the earliest pine plantings in the state. The public has free access to the forest; it is popular with recreational trail bike riders.

In 1992 and 1993, seven skeletons were found in the forest. These became known as "The Backpacker Murders" and was thought to be the work of a serial killer. Eventually, Ivan Milat was convicted of the murders in 1996 and sentenced to life imprisonment.

On the 29 August 2010 trail bike riders discovered another human skeleton in the forest. At first this was thought to be another victim of Ivan Milat, but later forensic evidence suggests that the remains were left there at a later date.

On 22 November 2010, three teenagers (including one related to Ivan Milat) were arrested over the murder of David Auchterlonie, in the Belanglo State Forest. He had been murdered by friends on his birthday, and left in a shallow grave. 
One of the teenagers reported the murder to the police.

Wombat State Forest

The Wombat State Forest, also called the Bullarook Forest, is west of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, between Woodend and Daylesford, at the Great Dividing Range. The forest covers an area of about . The Bullarook Wombat State Forest was set up in 1871.

The forest is managed by the Department of Sustainability and Environment. The management plan covers firewood and other products; protection of water supplies, conservation of biodiversity, and conservation of landscape. Other areas of importance include cultural heritage, research, education, tourism, recreation, mineral exploration, mining, and grazing.

The Dja Dja Wurrung peoples lived the area that is now state forest land. Before European settlement, the forest covered a larger area than it does today.

The forest was logged heavily during the gold rush era of the mid-1800s. The wood was used for tunnel supports, sleepers for tramways, lining of mining shafts, firewood for mine boilers, piles for piers and docks, electric poles, and heavy construction timbers. In 1860 the 1860 Land Act (Section 80) was created, which placed some restrictions on logging trees. In 1871, the Wombat State Forest was set up.

By 1884, there were 36 saw mills in the Wombat and Bullarook Forests. The wood was sent to Melbourne, Sandhurst, and Ballarat. There was little replanting and the young trees were burned. Eventually the forest was ruined, and timber harvesting was stopped.

After the gold rush, the forest slowly began to regrow. By the 1960s selected logging was begun to try to improve the quality of the forest. In the 1970s and 80s, the area was called the "Midlands Forest Management Area". This included the planting of pine trees for commercial logging.

In 2001, the local community published its own findings about the forest's sustainable management. This was one of the first examples of community involvement in a state-run management plan. In 2010, community worried that logging could begin in the forest because the State Government gave out logging licenses in western Victoria.

The Wombat Forest is divided by the Great Dividing Range. The forest grows along both sides of the Dividing Range, from Creswick to Mount Macedon. There are about 400 extinct volcanoes in a stretch that extends from Kilmore in the north to Mt Gambier in South Australia. Some of these volcanoes, including Mount Babbington, Mount Wilson and Blue Mount are in the Wombat Forest.

The geology make up is of Ordovician or Tertiary sediments. The rock types are of volcanic origin, dated to the Palaeozoic era. Quaternary basalts, all of volcanic origin, were in the west of the Wombat State Forest. These lands have been cleared for farming. However, Ordovician or sedimentary soils, with poor soil conditions for farming, have remained undisturbed. Since the Pliocene the forest has changed from ash rainforest to a dry sclerophyll forest.

The Wombat State Forest is the headwaters of the Lerderderg, Campaspe and Loddon rivers. An interesting part of the forest is a large number of mineral springs. These are about 80% of Australia’s mineral springs. The mineral waters are rich in calcium, silica, magnesium, iron and sulphur. The volcanic activity of the region has added carbon dioxide to the water that is seen in the form of bubbles emerging from the springs.

The native fauna are marsupials, monotremes, reptiles, amphibians, bats and birds. The Greater Glider ("Petauroides volans") is the largest possum found in this forest. It lives in the western part of the Wombat State Forest. Several threatened bird species live in the forest including the Great Egret, Intermediate Egret, Grey Goshawk, Australian Masked Owl, Powerful Owl and Square-tailed Kite. The forest is also home to the Red-browed Treecreeper and Olive Whistler.


The native plants are small medium and tall trees; shrubs of varying sizes; climbers; native herbs/forbs, grasses; rushes, sedges and aquatics; lilies, ferns and orchids. The open forest is dominated by a number of eucalypt species including Messmate ("Eucalyptus obliqua"), Broad-leaf Peppermint ("E. dives"), Narrow-leaf Peppermint ("E. radiata"), Manna Gum ("E. viminalis") and Candlebark ("E. rubida"). Swamp Gum ("Eucalyptus ovata") and Yarra Gum ("E. yarraensis") can also be found in the forest.

"Armillaria luteobubalina", a fungus that causes forest dieback, has been found. The forest has 111 fungal species spread over its wide and varying habitats. These include “native and introduced species as well as a selection of lichenised fungi and myxomycetes (slime moulds).”

Rare or threatened plant species include Wiry Bossiaea "(Bossiaea cordigera)", Matted Flax-lily ("Dianella amoena"), Brooker’s Gum ("Eucalyptus brookeriana"), Fryerstown Grevillea ("Grevillea obtecta"), Creeping Grevillea ("G. repens"), Hairy Beard-heath ("Leucopogon microphyllus" var. "pilibundus"), Satinwood ("Nematolepis squamea" subsp. "squamea"), Small Sickle Greenhood ("Pterostylis lustra"), Scented Bush-pea ("Pultenaea graveolens") as well as two endemic species Wombat Leafless Bossiaea ("Bossiaea vombata") and Wombat Bush-pea ("Pultenaea reflexifolia").

Lyonville Mineral Springs, Garden of St Erth, the Lerderderg Heritage River Walk, and Nolans Creek Picnic Area are some of the tourist attractions in the forest. Other historic places include the Andersons Mill, Balt Camp, Pioneer Sawmill, and Yankee Mine. There is also a heritage diesel railway in the forest.


Forest (disambiguation)

A forest is an area of land with a lot of trees.

Forest might also mean:

Kaiju

Kaiju is a Japanese word meaning "strange creature". In English, it has come to mean "monster" or "giant monster", referring to creatures of a large size seen in movies from Asia. Many kaiju movies are made in Japan. It is a type of tokusatsu entertainment. Kaiju movies usually show a monster attacking a major Japanese city or battling other monsters.

The most famous kaiju character is Godzilla. Other well-known kaiju include King Kong, Gamera, Mothra, King Ghidorah, Mechagodzilla, and Rodan.

Terms that are related to kaiju include kaijū eiga, movies with several large monsters or a single monster, kaijin, movies with a human-like monster, and daikaiju, movies with very large monsters. other films like "Yongary, Monster from the deep", "Goliathon", "Pulgasari", "Yonggary", Thunder of Gigantic Serpent, etc.
Kaiju is recognised a lot in the blockbuster film Pacific Rim.


Liz Smith (actress)

Liz Smith MBE (11 December 1921 – 24 December 2016) was an English actress. She is best known for her roles as Annie Brandon in "I Didn't Know You Cared", Bette and Aunt Belle in "2point4 children", as Norma Speakman in the BBC comedy "The Royle Family", and as her role as Letitia Cropley in "The Vicar of Dibley" (1994–96).

Smith was born Betty Gleadle in the Crosby area of Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire on 11 December 1921. She was married to Jack Thomas from 1945 until they divorced in 1959. They had two children. She died on Christmas Eve 2016 in Worthing, West Sussex, aged 95.

Eileen Essell

Eileen Essell (8 October 1922 - 15 February 2015) was an English actress. She was known for her roles in "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and in "Duplex".

She also starred in "The Bill", "Doc Martin", "Holby City", "Hustle", "Casualty", "Ideal" and "Sensitive Skin". 

She guest starred as Christine in the episode "Out of the Rain" in season 2 of the BBC spin-off show "Torchwood".

Essell was born on 8 October 1922 in London, England and died on 15 February 2015 in London, England.

Jetty Paerl

Jetty Paerl (Henriette Nanette Paerl; 27 May 1921 – 22 August 2013) was a Dutch singer. She was most famous in the 1950s and 1960s. 

Paerl was born on 27 May 1921 in Amsterdam, Netherlands. She was married to Dutch artist Cees Bantzinger. Paerl died in Amstelveen on 22 August 2013 from natural causes, aged 92.

Gilbert Taylor

Gilbert Taylor (12 April 1914 – 23 August 2013) was a British cinematographer. He worked on several movies such as "Dr. Strangelove", "A Hard Day's Night", "The Omen" and "".

Taylor was born on 12 April 1914 in Bushey Heath, Hertfordshire, England.

After six years service in World War II as an officer in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve, he became an operational cameraman flying in Avro Lancaster bombers, documenting the damage after British bombing raids.

Taylor died on 23 August 2013 in Newport, Isle of Wight from natural causes, aged 99.


Orville Redenbacher

Orville Clarence Redenbacher (July 16, 1907 – September 19, 1995) was an American businessman. He was most often associated with the brand of popcorn called Orville Redenbacher's.

Redenbacher was born on July 16, 1907 in Brazil, Indiana. He studied at Purdue University.

Redenbacher was married to Corinne Strate from 1928 until her death in 1971. He was married to Nina Redenbacher from 1971 until her death in 1991.

Redenbacher died on September 19, 1995. He drowned after having a heart attack in the Jacuzzi in his Coronado, California home, aged 88.


Tommy Chong

Thomas B. Kin Chong (born May 24, 1938) is a Canadian-American actor, comedian, director, musician and writer.

He is well known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy movies with Cheech Marin, as well as playing the character Leo on Fox's "That '70s Show".

Chong was born on May 24, 1938 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. He was raised in Calgary, Alberta. Chong studied at Crescent Heights High School.

Chong first married Maxine Sneed, from 1960 until their divorce in 1970. They had two daughters, Robbi and Rae Dawn. His second marriage was to Shelby Fiddis in 1975. They had three children.

He announced on June 9, 2012, that he has prostate cancer. He described the cancer "as a slow stage one [that I've] had for a long time." He said that he was drug-free for about three years, during which time he began having prostate-related problems.

On July 15, 2012 Chong tweeted that the hemp oil he has been using to treat his cancer is working and that "he is 99% cancer free". However, on June 16, 2015, Chong stated he has rectal cancer and was "using cannabis like crazy" in order to endure the treatment. In 2019, Chong announced that he is "cancer-free".


2012 (movie)

2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster movie directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It was produced by Centropolis Entertainment, Emmerich's production company, and distributed by Columbia Pictures. It is based upon the 2012 phenomenon, which was a number of beliefs that destructive events would occur on or around December 21, 2012. It was released on November 13, 2009. Critics gave it mixed reviews. They liked its special effects, but were critical of its length (158 minutes) and screenwriting. It made $770 million worldwide.

Neutrinos from a very large solar flare from the sun cause the temperature of Earth to increase at a very fast rate, eventually causing a very large geological and meterological disaster. The plot follows Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) as he tries to bring his children, Noah (Liam James) and Lilly (Morgan Lily), ex-wife Kate Curtis (Amanda Peet), and her boyfriend, Gordon Silberman (Thomas McCarthy) to safety from the destructive events that occur. Among these events, a very large earthquake causes California to fall into the Pacific Ocean, the Yellowstone supervolcano erupts, and a very large tsunami hits the United States.



Băneasa Forest

The Băneasa Forest is a forest in the north of Bucharest, Romania. It is close to Băneasa neighborhood and Băneasa Airport. On its southern edge, it has a zoological garden, known as Zoo Băneasa.

Leith

Leith is a place in Scotland, within the city of Edinburgh. It is a port.



Mount Cole State Forest

The Mount Cole State Forest is in western Victoria, Australia, near the town of Beaufort. The forest is around Mount Cole, which formed 390 million years ago. The Indigenous Australians, the Beeripmo balug people, called it "Bereep-bereep", which means "wild". The forest covers an area of 12,150 hectares, including the forest around Mount Lonarch.

The forest is on a plateau which is above grassy plains. The plateau is about 760 metres above sea level. High peaks in the forest include Mount Buangor (1,090 metres), Mount Cole (899 metres) and Ben Nevis (877 metres).

The main trees in the southern part of the forest are Messmate (Eucalyptus oblique), Manna Gum (Eucalyptus viminalis), and Blue Gums (Eucalyptus st johnii). In the north, which is drier, there are Yellow Box (Eucalyptus melliodora), and Red Stringybark (Eucalyptus macrorryncha). There is also the rare Mount Cole Grevillea, Grevillea montis-cole. On the high peaks there are groups of Snow Gums (Eucalyptus pauciflora).

There have been 130 different birds seen in the forest. Animals include kangaroos, wallabies, echidna, koalas and possums. In 1954, 160 koalas were set free in the forest to as part of a plan to re-establish the animals in Victorian forests. In the 19th century, deer were introduced and Sambar deer are still living in the wet gullies in the south of the forest.

Activities in the forest include camping, walking, four wheel driving, horse riding, and bird watching.

The purpose of the forest is to supply good quality hardwood logs for sawmills. The management plan for the forest also protects the water catchments of several creeks which supply water to nearby towns.

An area of 1,940 hectares, the Mount Buangor State Park, was protected from logging in 1973. This park includes the waterfalls on Middle Creek, and the large rock faces and caves on Cave Hill.

Royal forest

A royal forest is an area of land with various meanings, but basically it is woodland once owned by monarchs. 

In Anglo-Saxon England, the kings were great huntsmen but they never set aside areas forbidden to other users. Historians find no evidence of the Anglo-Saxon monarchs (c.500 to 1066) creating forests. 

However, under the Norman kings (after 1066), no hunting was allowed on Royal lands except by authority of the King. The law was designed to protect the "venison" and the "vert", the "noble" animals of the chase – notably red and fallow deer, the roe, and the wild boar – and the greenery which sustained them. 

Royal forests were designed as hunting areas reserved for the monarch or (by invitation) the aristocracy. The concept was introduced by the Normans to England in the 11th century, and in the late 12th and early 13th centuries, one-third of the land area of southern England was designated as royal forest. At one stage in the 12th century, all of Essex was afforested, and on his accession Henry II declared all of Huntingdonshire to be royal forest.

Afforestation, in particular the creation of the New Forest, figured large in the folk history of the "Norman Yoke": 

Forest law prescribed harsh punishment for anyone who committed any offence within the forests. Killing game was a capital offence. By the mid-17th century, enforcement of this law died out, but many English woodlands still bear the title "Royal Forest". The practice of reserving areas of land for the sole use of the aristocracy was common throughout Europe during the mediaeval period. 

Royal forests usually included large areas of heath, grassland and wetland – anywhere that supported deer and other game. In addition, when an area was designated forest, any villages, towns and fields that lay within it were also subject to forest law. Local inhabitants were restricted in the use of land they had previously relied on for their livelihood. However, common rights were not extinguished, but merely restricted.

Lapiș Forest

Lapiș Forest () is a forest in northwestern Romania. It is near the village of Nușfalău, which is about 9 km from Șimleu Silvaniei. It was declared a natural protected area by the Government Decision No. 2151 in 2004 (publishied in "Romanian Official Paper" Number 152 on April 12, 2005)

Hürtgen Forest

The Hürtgen forest (also: Huertgen Forest; ) is along the border between Belgium and Germany. The forest is in the southwest corner of the German federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The Rur River runs along the eastern edge of the forest.

During World War II, the U.S. and German armies took part in the Battle of Hürtgen Forest. In 1998, HBO made "When Trumpets Fade", which is a movie about the battle.

Zitter Forest

The Zitter Forest () is found in the Eifel region in the German district of Euskirchen (North Rhine-Westphalia) and in the Belgian province of Liège (Wallonia). Its highest point is 692 m above sea level. It is part of the Hohes Venn – Eifel Nature Park.

The Zitter Forest is one of the last habitats of the wildcat in Germany.

New Forest

The New Forest is an area of southern England. It includes one of the largest remaining pieces of open pasture land, heathland and forest in the heavily-populated south East of England. It covers south-west Hampshire and extends into south-eastern Wiltshire and towards easter, Dorset.

The name also refers to the New Forest National Park, which has similar boundaries. The New Forest District is a subdivision of Hampshire that covers most of the forest. There are many villages dotted around the area, and several small towns in the forest and around its edges.

The New Forest was created as a royal forest by King William I in about 1079 for the royal hunt, mainly of deer. It was created at the expense of more than 20 small hamlets and isolated farmsteads and so it was "new" at the time as a single compact area.

It was first recorded as "Nova Foresta" in Domesday Book in 1086. It is the only forest that the book describes in detail. "Probably no action of the early Norman kings is more notorious than their creation of the New Forest".

Two of William's sons died in the Forest: Prince Richard in 1081 and William II in 1100. Local folklore asserted that it was punishment for the crimes that William had committed when he created the New Forest. A 17th-century writer provides detail:

"William the Conqueror (for the making of the said Forest a harbour for Wild-beasts for his Game) caused 36 Parish Churches, with all the Houses thereto belonging, to be pulled down, and the poor Inhabitants left succourless of house or home. But this wicked act did not long go unpunished, for his Sons felt the smart thereof; Richard being blasted with a pestilent Air; Rufus shot through with an Arrow; and Henry his Grand-child, by Robert his eldest son, as he pursued his Game, was hanged among the boughs, and so dyed. This Forest at present affordeth great variety of Game, where his Majesty oft-times withdraws himself for his divertisement." 

The common rights were confirmed by statute in 1698. The New Forest became a source of timber for the Royal Navy, and plantations were created in the 18th century for that purpose. During the Great Storm of 1703, about 4000 oak trees were lost. The naval plantations affected the rights of the commoners, but the Forest gained new protection under an Act of Parliament in 1877.

The New Forest Act 1877 confirmed the historic rights of the commoners and prohibited the enclosure of more than at any time. It also reconstituted the Court of Verderers as representatives of the Commoners, rather than the Crown. The felling of broadleaved trees and their replacement by conifers began during the First World War to meet the wartime demand for wood. Further encroachments were made during the Second World War. This process is being reversed in places, with some plantations being returned to heathland or broadleaved woodland, but "Rhododendron" remains a problem.

As of 2005, roughly 90% of the New Forest is still owned by the Crown, whose lands have been managed by the Forestry Commission since 1923 andnow fall mostly inside the new National Park.

Further New Forest Acts followed in 1949, 1964 and 1970. The New Forest became an Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1971 and was made the New Forest Heritage Area in 1985, with more planning controls added in 1992. The New Forest was proposed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in June 1999 and became a national park in 2005.

The purpose of forest laws was to preserve the New Forest as a place for royal deer hunting, and interference with the King's deer and its forage was punished. The inhabitants of the area ("commoners") had pre-existing "rights of common".

The rights were to bring horses and cattle (but only rarely sheep) to the forest to graze ("common pasture"), to gather fuel wood, to cut peat for fuel, to dig clay ("marl"), and to turn out pigs between September and November to eat fallen acorns and beechnuts ("pannage" or "mast").

Grazing and pannage are still important to the Forest's ecology. Pigs can eat acorns without a problem, whereas to ponies and cattle large numbers of acorns can be poisonous. Pannage always lasts 60 days, but the start date varies according to the weather and when the acorns fall. The Verderers decide when pannage will start each year. At other times, the pigs must be taken in and kept on the owner's land, with the exception that pregnant sows, known as "privileged sows", are always allowed out, providing they are not a nuisance and return to the Commoner's holding at night. Commoners must have backup land outside the Forest to hold these depastured animals if necessary.

Commons rights used to be attached to particular plots of land or to particular hearths. Grazing of commoners' ponies and cattle is an essential part of the management of the gorest and helps to keep the heathland, bog, grassland and wood-pasture habitats and their wildlife in good shape. The ancient practice came under pressure, as the rising house prices in the area stopped local commoning families from moving into new homes, which have the rights attached. That meant that the next generation could not become commoners until their parents passed on the house and rights.

Those rights are now dissasociated. Efforts by the New Forest Commoners Defence Association, Verderers and associated bodies mean there is a burgeoning economy in the New Forest and a chance for some commoners to earn well above the minimum wage and additional help for their farming interests. That will help the commoners continue to preserve the Forest.

High Wood

High Wood () is a small forest near Bazentin le Petit in the Somme département of northern France. The Battle of the Somme took place there. The French name for the wood was Bois des Foureaux (now called Bois des Fourcaux) but to the British who fought there, it was known as High Wood.

Natural England

Natural England is a quango, a public body funded by government. It is responsible for protecting and preserving England's natural environment. This includes the land, flora and fauna, freshwater and marine environments, geology and soils. It also has a responsibility to help people enjoy, understand and access the natural environment.

Natural England work aims for:

Sclerophyll

Sclerophyll is a type of vegetation which has hard leaves and short internodes (the distance between leaves along the stem). The word comes from the Greek "sclero" (hard) and "phyllon" (leaf). 

Sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world. They are shaped by a Mediterranean climate, with mild, wet winters and long hot dry summers. Wildfires often occur. These conditions feature summer drought-tolerant plants with hard sclerophyllous evergreen leaves,

This kind of climate occurs in: 

Chelsea Manning

Chelsea Elizabeth Manning, (born Bradley Edward Manning; December 17, 1987) is a United States Army soldier who was diagnosed with gender identity disorder while in the Army. After Adrian Lamo exposed Manning leaking secret government files to WikiLeaks in 2011, readers of "The Guardian" chose her as 2012's person of the year. 

On 21 August 2013 Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison, but was released on 17 May 2017 by order of President Barack Obama on 17 January 2017.

On January 11, 2018, she announced plans to run for the U.S. Senate in Maryland to challenge the state's senior senator, two-term incumbent Ben Cardin, as a Democrat in the June 26, 2018 primary election. She lost the primary election to Cardin.

On March 8, 2019, she was held in contempt of court by a United States District Court judge for refusing to testify to a federal grand jury investigating WikiLeaks and except for a brief period of release between May 9 and May 16 has been jailed continuously.

On March 11, 2020, she tried to commit suicide in the federal detention center in Alexandria, Virginia.

Manning was born in Crescent, Oklahoma.

Charnwood Forest

Charnwood Forest is an area in north-western Leicestershire, England, near Leicester, Loughborough, and Coalville.

Although called a forest, it is extremely varied, with many different areas. It has 45 sites of geological or wildlife interest. Above all, it is the only site in Europe where the Ediacaran fossil "Charnia" is found.

The area has some extensive tracts of woodland. It is undulating, rocky and picturesque, with barren areas. It is generally 600 ft (180 m) and upwards. On its western side is an abandoned coalfield, with Coalville and other former mining villages. This is now being regenerated and replanted as part of the National Forest. The M1 motorway cuts through Charnwood Forest.

The hard stone of Charnwood Forest has been quarried for centuries, and was a source of grind-stones. The granite quarries are of national importance and supply crushed stone ("aggregate") to much of southern Britain.

Charnwood Forest includes a National Nature Reserve (NNR), 19 SSSIs, four geological conservation sites of international importance, and another six conservation sites, 13 Regionally Important Geological Sites (RIGS), five local nature reserves (LNRs), and seven Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust (LRWT) nature reserves.

The Forest is an important recreational area with woodland walks, noted for their displays of bluebells in the early spring. Rockclimbing and walking are popular.

Neil Hamilton (actor)

James Neil Hamilton (September 9, 1899 – September 24, 1984) was an American actor. He is known for his role as Commissioner Gordon in "Batman". During the 1920s he was a minor leading man to major stars.

Hamilton was born on September 9, 1899 in Lynn, Massachusetts. He was married to Elsa Whitmer from 1922 until his death in 1984. They had one child. He is a distant cousin of Margaret Hamilton. Hamilton died on September 24, 1984 in Escondido, California from an asthma attack, aged 85.


Alan Napier

Alan William Napier-Clavering (7 January 1903 – 8 August 1988) was an English-American actor. He is best known for his role as Alfred the butler in the 1960s live-action "Batman" television series.

Napier was born on 7 January 1903 in King's Norton, Worcestershire, England. His cousin was Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain. Napier studied at Clifton College and at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.

He was married to Emily Nancy Bevill Pethybridge from 1930 until they divorced in 1944. He was married to Aileen Dickens Hawksley from 1944 until her death in 1961. Aileen was the granddaughter of Charles Dickens. Napier was a close friend of actor Michael Gough.

Napier died on 8 August 1988 in Santa Monica, California from a stroke, aged 85.


Cratfield

Cratfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 299 people living in Cratfield. Cratfield has a church called St Mary.


Culpho

Culpho is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 44 people living in Culpho. Culpho is pronounced "Cull-Foe".


Stafford Repp

Stafford Alois Repp' (April 26, 1918 – November 5, 1974) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Police Chief O'Hara in the 1960s television series "Batman".

Repp was born on April 26, 1918 in San Francisco, California. He studied at Lowell High School. 

Repp was married four times in which three of them ended in divorce. His last marriage to Sharon D. Currier would last until his death. 

Repp died on November 5, 1974 in Inglewood, California from a heart attack, aged 56. After his death, his sister, a television writer, created the Stafford Repp Memorial Scholarship for alumni of his alma mater, Lowell High School.


William Dozier

William Dozier (February 13, 1908 – April 23, 1991) was an American movie and television producer and actor. He is probably best known for being the narrator and creator of the 1960s Batman television series "Batman". 

Dozier was born on February 13, 1908 in Omaha, Nebraska. 

He was briefly married to Katharine Foley from 1929 until they divorced months later. Then he was married to Joan Fontaine from 1946 until they divorced in 1951. Then he was married to Ann Rutherford from 1953 until his death in 1991. 

Dozier died on April 23, 1991 from a stroke in Santa Monica, California, aged 83. 


Byron Keith

Byron Keith (November 17, 1917 – January 19, 1996) was an American actor. 

He made his movie debut in the 1946 Orson Welles thriller "The Stranger" and appeared mostly in supporting character roles in movie and television productions. 

He is best known for his recurring part as Gotham City's Mayor Linseed on the 1960s television series "Batman."

Keith was born on November 17, 1917 in El Paso, Illinois. His career began in 1946 until his retirement in 1970. Keith died on January 19, 1996 from a heart attack in his Los Angeles, California home, aged 78.

Madge Blake

Madge Cummings Blake (May 31, 1899 – June 19, 1969) was an American character actress. 

She was best remembered for her roles as Margaret Mondello in "Leave It to Beaver", as Flora MacMichael in "The Real McCoys", and as Aunt Harriet in the first two seasons in "Batman". She also played Dora Bailey in the opening scene of the 1952 movie "Singing in the Rain".

Blake was born on May 31, 1899 in Kinsley, Kansas. Her uncle was actor Milburn Stone. Blake died on June 19, 1969 in Pasadena, California from a heart attack, aged 70.


Yvonne Craig

Yvonne Joyce Craig (May 16, 1937 – August 17, 2015) was an American ballet dancer and actress.

She is best known for her role as Batgirl from the 1960s TV series "Batman" and as the Orion Marta in the "".

Craig was born on May 16, 1937 in Taylorville, Illinois. She was raised in Columbus, Ohio.

Craig was married to Jimmy Boyd from 1960 until they divorced in 1962. She was married to Kenneth Aldrich from 1988 until she died.

Craig died of breast cancer at her home in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, aged 78.


Dallinghoo

Dallinghoo is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 168 people living in Dallinghoo. Dallinghoo has a church called St Mary.


Bluebell

Bluebells are a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, Hyacinthoides.

Bluebells are famous as indicator species (markers) for ancient woodland, where they carpet the forest floor in springtime. They grow in shade rather than in sunny areas.

"Hyacinthoides" is differentiated by the presence of two bracts at the base of each flower, rather than one bract per flower or no bracts in other closely-related genera.

According to the "World Checklist of Selected Plant Families" , the genus contains 11 species and one interspecific hybrid. Most species are distributed around the Mediterranean Basin, with only one species in northwestern Europe.

The World's End (movie)

The World's End is a 2013 British-American-Japanese science-fiction comedy movie directed by Edgar Wright. It stars Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Paddy Considine, Martin Freeman, and Eddie Marsan. 

It is the third in the "Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy", following "Shaun of the Dead" (2004) and "Hot Fuzz" (2007). It was released on 19 July 2013 in the United Kingdom and on 23 August 2013 in the United States. It received positive reviews.

Darsham

Darsham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 291 people living in Darsham. Darsham is half way between Ipswich and Lowestoft. Darsham has a church called All Saints.


Chã das Caldeiras

The Chã das Calderas ("Plain of the calderas"), sometimes abbreviated Chã ("Plain"), is a caldera on the island of Fogo, Cape Verde. With a diameter of and open to the east, it is surrounded on the west by the "bordeira", a mountainous wall which rises to . It was made by the eruption of "Monte Armarelo", which was replaced by the smaller Pico do Fogo.

The Chã das Caldeiras is in southwestern Cape Verde and occupies the north-east of the island of Fogo. It is shared between the municipalities of Mosteiros to the north and Santa Catarina do Fogo to the south.

A little more of a thousand people live permanently inside the caldera, in the small towns of "Bangaeira" and "Portela"; these towns are at about , where sometimes the temperature gets to . Part of the National Park of Fogo, it is one of the main tourist destinations of Cape Verde. It is accessed by a single central road long from São Filipe.

The vegetation is sparse but several endemic plants nevertheless grow there, especially "Echium vulcanorum" (') and "Erysimum caboverdeanum" (') that can not be found anywhere else. Others are "Sarcostemma daltonii" ('), "Verbascum cystolithicum" ('), "Lavandula rotundifolia" (') ou "Euphorbia tuckeyana" (').

Where land is not covered by lava, farmers grow fruit trees, grains and vineyards. A cooperative produces a local wine, the "manecon", which is not send to other countries.

A school had 158 students in 2010. The village of Portela has two churches, one Catholic and one Adventist.

In 2012 there was no electricity in the villages of Bangaeira and Portela but the connection is expected in 2016.


Dennington

Dennington is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 554 people living in Dennington. Dennington lies along the A1120. Dennington has a church called St Mary. 


Earl Soham

Earl Soham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 426 people living in Earl Soham.


Easton, Suffolk

Easton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 320 people living in Easton. Easton is 2 and a half miles away from Wickham Market and 5 miles away from Framlingham.


Oil sands

Oil sands, or tar sands are an unconventional source of petroleum. The oil sands are a mixture of sand, clay and water in a dense and extremely sticky form of petroleum called bitumen.

Natural bitumen is found in many countries, with the largest quantities in Canada, Kazakhstan and Russia. 

The worldwide deposits may be over two trillion barrels (320 billion cubic metres). These estimates include deposits that have not yet been discovered. Around 70% of all known reserves are in Canada.

Oil produced from bitumen sands is often said to be unconventional oil. The production process takes energy, so the net energy gain is smaller than traditional oil. Making liquid fuels from oil sands makes 12 percent more greenhouse gases per barrel of oil than traditional oil. Oil sands have only recently been needed. Higher prices allow this more expensive type of oil production to sell.

Getting the oil sands off the ground often destroys large areas of land. Much water is used to separate the oil from the sand and then left polluted. Carbon dioxide and other emissions from the extraction process are polluting the air.
The environmental destruction caused by oil sand extraction is criticized by environmental groups such as Greenpeace, The Climate Reality Project, 350.org, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club and the Energy Action Coalition.

In 2012 the European Union (EU) said that it may declare oil sands oil as "highly polluting". This caused stress between the EU and Canada.


350.org

350.org is an international environmental organization. It was started by author Bill McKibben, with the goal of building a global grassroots movement to fight against global warming and the of global warming. However the main goal is to lower the emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in order to avoid climate change problems.

The name 350.org comes the research of scientist Dr. James Hansen. He wrote in a scientific paper in 2007 that the level of carbon dioxide (CO) in the atmosphere should not be higher than 350 parts-per-million (ppm). According to scientific research this is a safe maximum to avoid a climate tipping point.

350.org works with over 300 other organizations around the world. It has had people supporting the organization as "messengers". Among them are Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Alex Steffen, Bianca Jagger and David Suzuki. Van Jones and Gus Speth are on 350's U.S. Advisory Council. 350.org has a Board of Directors.

350.org is strongly against the Keystone XL pipeline project. The pipeline is currently being built to transport tar sand oil from Canada through the United States to oil refineries in the Gulf of Mexico. NASA climatologist James Hansen described the Keystone XL pipeline as "game over" for the planet, and called the amount of carbon stored in Canadian tar sands a "fuse to the largest carbon bomb on the planet". 

350.org wants colleges and universities, as well as cities, religious institutions, and pension funds to withdraw their investments from fossil fuel companies. They propose the money should rather be invested in sustainable companies.
The "Do The Math" movie is a 42-minute documentary about the movement, the science behind the climate crisis and how to end the age of fossil fuels.

The organization's efforts continued into 2012 with a Climate Impacts Day on May 5th of worldwide series of rallies under the slogan "Connect the Dots," to draw attention to the links between climate change and extreme weather.

350 helped helped organize the People's Climate March, which took place on September 21, 2014.



Fulk, King of Jerusalem

Fulk V (1092–1143), called ""le Jeune"" (the younger), was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou from 1109 to 1129. He was the Count of Maine ("jure uxoris") 1110–1129. Fulk was a crusader, Knight Templar and was the King of Jerusalem ("jure uxoris") from 1131 to his death.

Fulk le Jeune, born in 1092, was the younger son of Fulk IV le Réchin and his fifth wife Bertrade de Montfort. She was the daughter of Simon de Montfort, Count de Montfort l'Amaury. As an infant he was probably taken with his mother to be raised at the French court. He was at the French court in 1106 when the news arrived of his , Geoffrey IV, Count of Anjou's death. King Philip I then made his step-son, Fulk V, the Count of Anjou. The French king then made Duke William of Aquitaine Fulk's guardian as Fulk was not yet old enough to rule on his own. However the duke put Fulk in prison. Nothing the king or queen threatened could get Duke William to release the boy. After a year his father, Fulk le Réchin finally paid the duke a ransom of several towns on the border with Poitou. Fulk le Réchin died two years later on April 14, 1109. Fulk V "je June" succeeded his father as the count of Anjou.

In 1110 Fulk V le Jeune married Eremburge of Maine. When her father, Count Elias, died a few months later, Fulk V became the Count of Maine in right of his wife. But this brought him into immediate conflict with King Henry I of England who also claimed Maine. For a time Fulk was the first Angevin count to directly rule Maine. In 1113 Henry I arranged to meet with Fulk V at Alençon. There they arranged a peace agreement. To seal the agreement they made a marriage alliance. Fulk's infant daughter, Matilda, was promised in marriage to Henry's nine-year-old son, William Adelin. Fulk V remained the Count of Maine but he swore fealty to King Henry I as his overlord. Without his Angevin ally Fulk, King Louis VI of France was forced to make peace with King Henry I. King Louis confirmed the lordship (overlordship) of Maine to Henry I. Henry then attacked the lands of Robert de Bellême; joined by Fulk V. Bellême was defeated and Henry I returned to England. Fulk V returned to Anjou to deal with a revolt in Angers.

In 1116 Louis IV raided into Normandy again. Louis had supported Henry I's nephew, William Clito as the Duke of Normandy. By 1117 King Louis IV of France, Count Baldwin VII of Flanders and Fulk V of Anjou were all supporting William Clito against Henry I of England. The next summer Henry I returned to Normandy and the war began. Fulk V defeated Henry I at La Motte-Gautier on the border of Maine. In October 1118 Fulk V again defeated Henry I at Alençon. Finally, after a series of defeats Henry I made peace with Fulk V. They sealed their truce by allowing the marriage of Fulk's daughter Matilda with Henry's son William William Adelin. Fulk V gave Maine as a dowry for his daughter Matilda. In 1120 Fulk V then made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. He spent a year at Jerusalem. According to Orderic Vitalis he joined the Knights Templar. When he returned to Anjou Fulk left 100 knights behind for a year to help defend the Kingdom. He continued to pay the Templars a substantial yearly donation for the rest of his life.
Fulk le Jeune returned to Anjou in early 1121. He learned that William Adelin, his new son-in-law William had drowned in the shipwreck of the White Ship. The treaty with Anjou then died with Henry's son. Fulk's daughter Matilda was safe; she had not been on the White ship. Fulk demanded her return to Anjou. But Henry delayed her return and kept part of her dowry. By 1122 she was back in Anjou. Fulk broke off all relations with Henry and made another marriage alliance with Henry's nephew and enemy, William Clito. William was to marry Fulk's daughter Sibyl. He again gave his new son-in-law the lordship of Maine as her dowry. As Henry dealt with his rebel Norman barons one by one, by 1124 Fulk V was William Clito's only supporter. Henry now did everything he could to get the pope to annul the marriage between William Clito and Sibyl. On 26 August 1124 Pope Calixtus II annulled the marriage of William Clito and Sibyl because they were too closely related.

In 1126 Fulk le Jeune's wife, Eremburge, Countess of Maine and Anjou died. In Germany,Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor died. His wife the Empress Matilda was Henry I of England's only living legitimate child. Henry called her back to England. Henry made all his English and Norman barons swear that in case Henry had no sons they would make Matilda the Queen of England succeeding him. In 1127 Henry made peace again with Fulk le Jeune and offered a new marriage alliance. Fulk's son, Geoffrey was to wed the Empress Matilda and Maine would be settled on the new couple. In June 1128, Henry I came to Rouen and there knighted Geoffrey of Anjou. A week later the couple was married.

About this same time Fulk le Jeune had received representatives of King Baldwin II of Jerusalem. king Baldwin II had no sons but he had four daughters. He offered the hand of his oldest daughter, Melisende, to Fulk le June along with the crown of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. Fulk was well known in Jerusalem from his earlier visit and the money he sent the Knights Templar every year. In Jerusalem Melisende became officially the heiress of the kingdom. She would rule as Queen at her father's death. After the wedding of his son Geoffrey, Fulk le Jeune and his children all met at the Fontevraud Abbey where his daughter Matilda became a nun. They said their farewells and Fulk le Jeune set off for Jerusalem. Geoffrey V, nicknamed "la Bel" was to rule Anjou in his father's absence.

In the spring of 1129 Fulk le Jeune arrived in Jerusalem. He and Melisende were married. As a part of their marriage contract at the death of her father, King Baldwin II, Fulk and Melisende were to rule Jerusalem together. As a dowry Fulk and Melisende received the two most valuable ports in the kingdom, Tyre and Acre. Fulk brought a large number of knights and foot soldiers with him from Anjou.

In 1131, on the death of Baldwin II of Jerusalem, Fulk was crowned king. Melisende was crowned Queen at the same time. But from the beginning of their rule Fulk attempted to ruled alone. He tried to keep Melisende from having an active part in ruling Jerusalem. Fulk began replacing governors and with his own followers from Anjou. Many had served several of the Kings of Jerusalem. Their loss of favor with the new king caused a great deal of resentment. Between 1133 and 1134 a revolt started among the nobility of Jerusalem led by count Count Hugh II of Jaffa's. Fulk called on Count Hugh to appear before him but Hugh refused. Fulk then took away Hugh's of Jaffa's. Hugh was angry and joined with their enemies the Egyptians. But his followers left Hugh and came back to King Fulk. Hugh next submitted to King Fulk and was exiled for three years. The revolt was broken. During the revolt however, the Seljuks of Damascus were able to take back Banyas. But Fulk realized he could not exclude Melisende and from then on allowed her to share in ruling the kingdom.

In 1132 Pons, Count of Tripoli was defeated by Seljuks and was under siege at the castle of Montferrand (Baarin). Fulk rushed to his aid and forced the enemy to retreat. In 1134 Fulk raided into Hauran (in present-day Syria and Jordan). But he was forced to retreat when Seljuks countered by attacking Jerusalem. In September the two sides agreed to a peace.

In 1136 Fulk began building castles around the fortress city of Ascalon. This was to prevent raids on Jerusalem by the Egyptian Fatimids. He also built a castle at Beth Gibelin and placed it in the care of the Knights Hospitaller. Also in 1136 the Grand Master (leader) of the Knights Templar, Hugues de Payens, died. Fulk used his influence with the Templars to get one of his own Angevins, Robert of Craon, elected Grand Master. In 1137 Fulk was besieged at Montferrand. The Patriarch of Jerusalem marched an army to relieve the fortress. But Fulk did not know his own army was coming to his rescue. The Seljuks knew of this and quickly offered Fulk favorable terms. King Fulk surrendered the castle in exchange for his own freedom.

In 1137 while the Christians and Muslims were engaged with each other a new force was entering the area. John, the Byzantine Emperor was moving against Antioch. He decided to take back the city and began attacking the walls. Too powerful for Fulk to deal with he decided to surrender Antioch to the Emperor. The Prince of Antioch, Raymond of Poitiers, had to surrender to the Emperor in person. Then, with the Byzantine flag above the city and Raymond still the Prince, the Emperor returned to Constantinople. Fulk, the King of Jerusalem, lost his control over Antioch.

On 10 November 1143 Fulk died in a hunting accident falling from his horse. After Fulk's death Melisende took control of Jerusalem. She ruled as queen and as for their oldest son Baldwin III.

In 1110, Fulk married Ermengarde of Maine († 1126), the daughter of Elias I of Maine. Together they had:

His second wife was Melisende, Queen of Jerusalem, the daughter of King Baldwin II of Jerusalem and Morphia of Melitene. Together they had:

Pacific Rim (movie)

Pacific Rim is a 2013 American science fiction monster movie. It was directed by Guillermo del Toro, and written by Toro and Travis Beacham. It was produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros.. It was released on July 12, 2013. Critics gave it good reviews. They liked its special effects and action scenes. It made more than $384 million worldwide.

In 2013, the Earth's cities are attacked by Kaiju, very large monsters who come from a portal on the floor of the Pacific Ocean. To battle them, the nations in the Pacific Rim build the Jaegars: very large robots piloted by two people whose brains are linked to the robots. This allows the pilots to control the robots using their mind, and the robots do the same actions that the pilots do. Although the Jaegars work well in killing the Kaiju, the attacks happen more often and are more powerful. By 2025, the governments of the Pacific Rim have ended the Jaegar project and build very large walls to protect humans from the Kaiju. Most of the film is set in this period, focusing on the war's later days.


The Fifth Estate (movie)

The Fifth Estate is a 2013 drama-thriller movie based on the real life events of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. It stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Laura Linney, and Stanley Tucci. It was released on October 18, 2013 to negative reviews.

Julie Harris

Julia Ann "Julie" Harris (December 2, 1925 – August 24, 2013) was an American actress. She won five Tony Awards, three Emmy Awards and a Grammy Award, and was nominated for an Academy Award. 

In 1994, she was awarded the National Medal of Arts. She was a member of the American Theatre Hall of Fame and received the 2002 Special Lifetime Achievement Tony Award.

Harris was born on December 2, 1925 in Grosse Pointe, Michigan. She studied at University Liggett School. Harris was raised in Chatham, Massachusetts. 

Harris was married to Jay Julian from 1946 until they divorced in 1954. Then she was married to Manning Gurian from 1954 until they divorced in 1967. She was married to Walter Carroll from 1977 until they divorced in 1982. She had one son, Peter Gurian.

Harris died on August 24, 2013 in her home in West Chatham, Massachusetts from congestive heart failure, aged 87.


The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water

The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water (also known as The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie 2: Sponge Out of Water) is a 2015 American 3D animated/live action superhero comedy movie based on Nickelodeon's "SpongeBob SquarePants" television series. It is preceded by "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie". It was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and Paramount Animation, and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was released theatrically on February 6, 2015.

The movie released February 6, 2015 on HD Digital. It was nominated in the 2015 Kids' Choice Awards for "Favorite Animated Movie", but lost to Disney's 54th feature film "Big Hero 6".

A diabolical pirate named Burger Beard (Antonio Banderas) above the sea steals the secret Krabby Patty formula. SpongeBob (Tom Kenny), Patrick (Bill Fagerbakke), Mr. Krabs (Clancy Brown), Sandy (Carolyn Lawrence) and Squidward (Rodger Bumpass) must team up with Plankton (Mr. Lawrence) in order to get it back unbounce.

The seagulls' voices are provided by Tim Conway, Rick Gomez, Jess Harnell, Tara Strong, Maile Flanagan, Melissa Disney, Nika Futterman, Pamela Adlon, Kevin Michael Richardson, Russi Taylor, Billy West, Rob Paulsen, Carlos Alazraqui, Eddie Deezen, John Kassir, Cree Summer, April Stewart, Nolan North, and Eric Bauza.


Hepburn Regional Park

The Hepburn Regional Park is a large bush and forest park which surrounds the towns of Daylesford and Hepburn Springs, in the Central Highlands area of Victoria, Australia. The Hepburn Regional Park was set up in 1977. It covers an area of 1,800 hectares. The park features a large number of minerals springs. In the Victorian gold rush of the 1850s' and 1860's there was a lot of gold mining in the area. There are many of these old gold mining sites within the forest. At the Blowhole on Sailors Creek, the miners dug a large tunnel to change the path of the creek so that they could search for gold. The Mount Franklin Reserve is also a part of the Hepburn Regional Park. This reserve protects the scoria cone of Mount Franklin, an extinct volcano. 

Most of the forest is fairly dry, with the main trees being box, peppermint and stringybark. In the south of the forest the climate is wetter, and manna gums, messmates and candlebark trees are common. In spring there are many wildflowers, including the Victorian floral emblem, Common or Pink Heath.

Animals in the forest include kangaroos, koalas and the rare Brush-tailed Phascogale. 

Creswick Regional Park

The Creswick Regional Park, also known as the Creswick State Forest, is a large forest near the town of Creswick, in Victoria, Australia. It covers an area of 930 hectares. Much of the forest was heavily logged to supply timber to the gold mines in Ballarat and Creswick during the 1850s and 1860s. Many gold mining sites can be found in the forest.

St.Georges Lake is a man-made lake built to supply water for hydraulic sluicing. Eaton's Dam is another gold water supply. In 1942, students from the Creswick Forestry School fenced a small area of forest to create a breeding area for koalas. However the koalas were able to climb the fence, and the Koala Park was not successful.

A section of the Great Dividing Trail, the Wallaby Track, passes through the Creswick Regional Park. Some of it follows the water races built by the gold miners to supply water for their activities.

Canonical form

In mathematics and computer science the term Canonical form, or sometimes Normal form refers to the usual representation of a mathematical object. For example, the canonical form of a positive integer in decimal representation is a finite sequence of digits that does not begin with zero.

Mathematics has defined equivalence relations for some objects. These equivalence relations say that certain classes of objects are "equal". These objects then belong to the same equivalence class. In such a case, a canonical form consists in the choice of a specific object in each class. For example, row echelon form and Jordan normal form are canonical forms for matrices.

Enfield State Park

The Enfield State Park, also known as the Enfield State Forest, is a large forest reserve south of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. It covers an area of about 4,600 hectares. The Enfield State Park was once the site for gold mining, and there are many gold mining relics in the area. There was a Chinese settlement at Surface Point during the gold rush. There were temples, tearooms, gaming tents, herbalists and market gardens. People are still able to go searching for gold in the park. 

Timber from the forest was used for mining and building. There was a eucalyptus distillery at the town of Enfield, making eucalyptus oil.

There are also picnic areas and walking trails through the park.

The forest is an open dry forest, with messmates, peppermints, swamp gums, manna gums and the rare Yarra Gum. Over 100 bird species, and 22 native mammal species have been seen in the park.

Messmate

Messmate is a common name for a group of Eucalyptus" "trees". "They all have rough bark. It is not known where the name came from.

Species commonly known as "messmate" include:

Eucalyptus viminalis

Eucalyptus viminalis, or Manna Gum, is also known as White Gum, Ribbon Gum or Viminalis. It is an Australian eucalypt.

It is a straight tree growing to about 40 metres tall. It has rough bark on the trunk and the larger branches. The bark on the upper part of the tree peels away in long "ribbons" which can collect on the branches and surrounding ground. The tree with the largest recorded diameter (324.7 cm) is at Woodbourne in Marlborough, New Zealand.

"E. viminalis" grows in the cooler areas of Australia where the leaves are the favoured food of Koalas. The sap has a 5–15% sugar content which makes it an essential food for tree dwelling marsupials like the Yellow-bellied Glider, and the Sugar Glider.

There are three subspecies:


Timber is a pale pink to pinkish brown colour, often with distinctive light grey streaks. The attractive light pink tones of this species and its easy workability mean it is often used to make furniture. It has low strength and durability which makes it unsuitable for structural use, however some is used for house framing.

It can grow in temperatures as low as −15 degrees Celsius (+5 °F) or more making it suitable for planting in Europe.

Eucalyptus dives

Eucalyptus dives or broad-leaved peppermint is a small tree. It is found in the temperate dry sclerophyll woodlands and forests of South-Eastern Australia. The leaves have a strong peppermint smell.

The leaves have a high oil content, about 4.7% of the leaf fresh weight. When the oil is distilled it can be used to produce methanol. The major producing region is eastern Transvaal, South Africa, where it is grown in commercial plantations. The leaves have also been used as a flavouring in Australia, especially in brewed black "Camellia sinensis" 'billy tea'. 


Eyke

Eyke is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 366 people living in Eyke. Eyke is on the A1152 road. Eyke has a church called All Saints.


Falkenham

Falkenham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 180 people living in Falkenham. Falkenham shares a parish council with nearby Kirton. Falkenham has a church called St Ethelbert.


Azerbaijani diaspora

The Azerbaijani diaspora is a term used to describe the communities of ethnic Azerbaijanis living outside of places of their ethnic origin: Republic of Azerbaijan and Iranian Azerbaijan. Of the total Azerbaijani population living worldwide which is estimated to be 30,000,000, only about 9,000,000 live in Azerbaijan and about 16,000,000 live in Iran.


Ermenonville Forest

The Ermenonville Forest () is a forest in Oise, France. On 3 March 1974, a Turkish Airlines flight crashed in the forest and in the commune of Fontaine-Chaalis. There is a memorial in the forest to the victims of that flight.

Forest of Tronçais

The Forest of Tronçais () is a French national forest. It is managed by the national office of forests. Its oaks were planted by Jean-Baptiste Colbert, minister of Louis XIV. They are one of the principal stands of oaks in Europe.

Numinbah Nature Reserve

Numinbah Nature Reserve is part of the Mount Warning caldera, in the Border ranges of north eastern New South Wales in Australia. Mount Warning is a volcano that erupted more than 23 million years ago. The 892 hectare Reserve is part of the Shield Volcano Group of the World Heritage Site Gondwana Rainforests of Australia listed in 1986. It was added to the Australian National Heritage List in 2007. The park is also part of the Scenic Rim Important Bird Area. It is important in the conservation of several species of threatened birds.

In New South Wales the Reserve is bounded by privately owned land. It includes an area of escarpment rising to over 1000 metres that is part of state border with Queensland. It is intended to be a place where the plants and animals are protected from humans, domestic animals and feral pests.

The vegetation is mostly sub-tropical rainforest with some wet sclerophyll forest. The rare rainforest tree Springbrook leatherwood grows at Burrigan Point.


Iranian Azerbaijanis

Iranian Azerbaijanis (Azerbaijani: ایران آذربایجانلیلاری; Persian: ایرانیان آذربایجان) are Iranians of Azerbaijani ethnicity. They are primarily found in and are native to the region of Iranian Azerbaijan. Iranian Azerbaijanis are the second largest ethnic group in Iran. 

Iranian Azerbaijanis are traditionally sensitive to their ethnic identity, but are supportive of bilingualism in Azerbaijani and Persian as well.

Iranian Azerbaijanis are a Turkic speaking people of mostly Iranian origin. According to Richard Frye, Iranian Azerbaijanis mainly descended from the earlier Iranian speakers of the region, who were Turkified after a massive migration of Oghuz Turks but still exist in smaller pockets, while Olivier Roy stated that Azerbaijanis as the descendants of the Iranian population of Azerbaijan (who spoke west Iranian languages such as Tati, which is still found in residual forms), which was Turkified by Turkomans from Anatolia from the 13th century onwards. The Azerbaijani language, who is lost the vocal harmony typical of Turkic languages, described as a Turkic language learned and spoken by Iranian peasants.

According to Russian scholar Rostislav Rybakov, Iranian Azerbaijan was almost fully Turkicized by 14th and 15th centuries, though the local population left its mark in the Azerbaijani culture and language and the ethnic border between the Turkish people and Azerbaijanis was established in the 16th century. In 1900, Joseph Deniker, stated that Azerbaijanis of Caucasus and Iran, who spoke a Turkic language, of the same physical type as Persians, who spoke an Iranian language.

A comparative study (2013) on the complete mitochondrial DNA diversity in Iranians has indicated that Iranian Azerbaijanis are more related to the people of Georgia, than they are to other Iranians, as well as to Armenians. The same multidimensional scaling plot demonstrates the intermediate position of Caucasian Azerbaijanis between the Azerbaijanis/Georgians and Turks/Iranians groupings. There is no significant difference between them and the other major ethnic groups of Iran. 

According to HLA testing, Azerbaijanis of Iran cluster together with the Turkmens of Gorgan and Kurds and constitute an intermediate position between Iranian populations and Western Siberians, specifically Chuvash, Mansi people, and Buryats (subgroups of Turkic peoples, Ugrians, and Mongols respectively). Several genetic studies show that the Azerbaijanis' gene pool largely overlap with that of the native populations in support of language replacement, including elite dominance, scenarios, while also demonstrating significant genetic influence from Siberia and Mongolia. No close genetic relationship was observed between Azerbaijanis of Iran and the people of Turkey or Central Asians. A study conducted on Azerbaijanis of Tabriz in 2022 also concluded that the genetic origins and Turkic language of the Azerbaijanis are do not correlate.

The Azerbaijanis are a Turkic speaking, predominantly Shia Muslim people and are culturally part of the Iranian peoples. The Azerbaijani language belongs to the Oghuz branch of the Turkic language family. Iranian Azerbaijani material culture is a result of multi-secular symbiosis, is thus a subtle combination of indigenous elements and nomadic contributions.

Most of the Iranian Azerbaijanis call themselves and are referred to as "Turks" but also insist on their Iranian identity, buttressed not only by the religious bond (being mostly Shia Muslim in contrast to the Turkish people of Anatolia, who are Sunni Muslims) but also by cultural, historical, and economic factors. Iranian Azerbaijanis are committed to Iranian culture and consider their destiny to be with the Persians rather than with "other Turks". Because of this, morerecently, in World War II, contact with the Azerbaijanis in Soviet Union were not overly cordial.

According to Ahmadi, the nationalism in Iran is that it has been largely promoted by intellectuals coming from the ethnically populated or originally non-Persian-speaking areas of Iran, in this case, Azerbaijani-speaking elites have played a remarkable role. Azerbaijani intellectuals such as Mirza Fatali Akhundov, Kazemzadeh Iranshahr, Ahmad Kasravi, Hassan Taqizadeh, Mahmoud Afshar, Taqi Arani, Yahya Zoka, Rezazadeh Shafaq, Javad Tabatabai, and others have contributed to the idea of nationalism and Iranian national identity and culture.

In addition to being, one of the forerunners of modern Iranian nationalism, Akhundov is also one of the founders of modern Iranian literature. Mirza Fatali Akhundov is not the only Azerbaijani intellectual in framing Iranian ultra-nationalism. Hassan Taqizadeh, the organizer of "Iran Society" in Berlin, has contributed to the development of Iranian nationalism. Since 1916 he published "Kaveh" periodical in Persian language, which included articles emphasizing the racial unity of Germans and Iranians.

Mahmoud Afshar, in various articles in his journal "Āyanda" (1925–27, 1944–45, 1955), a political scientist, pioneered a systematic scholarly treatment of various aspects of Iranian national identity, territorial integrity, and national unity. An influential nationalist, he also displayed a strong belief in the nationalist character of Iranian people throughout the country’s long history. He was the first to propose the idea of pan-Iranism to safeguard the unity and territorial integrity of the nation against the onslaught of pan-Turkism and pan-Arabism.

Ahmad Kasravi was the first Iranian Azerbaijani intellectual to take a strong position against Ottoman pan-Turkists and wrote the most significant work on the Iranian identity of Azerbaijan and its original Iranian language before the Turkification, Old Azeri. This work enjoyed worldwide scholarly success. The publication of this work can also be considered an affirmation of the indestructible bond of Turkophone Iranians to Iran.

Kazemzadeh Iranshahr, an ardent nationalist, set forth his views in a number of essays in his journal (1922–26), and more specifically in his "Tajalliyāt-e ruḥ-e irāni" (). He had maintained a clear romantic and primordialist notion of the Aryan race and the superior character of the Iranian peoples, which has manifested itself throughout the history of the nation.

In the post-Soviet era, when Elchibey, his Azerbaijani Popular Front Party, and other political elites and printed media initially launched their irredentist claims toward Iranian Azerbaijan by raising ideas such as "united Azerbaijan" or "the ques tion of southern Azerbaijan," Iranian Azerbaijanis were among the first to refute the historicity of such claims, beginning their historical, political and cultural research to launch an Iranian counter-argument. Kaveh Bayat, the contemporary Iranian historical researcher, wrote the first articles on pan-Turkism. In his other works, he presented documentary analysis of the early pan-Turkist claims against Iran in Turkey of the 1920s, and showed how Iranian Azerbaijani intellectuals and activists, such as Ali Sadeghi Tabrizi, Habibollah Nobakht, Taqi Arani, Moghaddam Bayat, and Rezazadeh Shafagh, were at the forefront of the fight for the defense of the Iranian identity of Azerbaijan and the Persian language.

Sources indicate that Azerbaijanis make up about 16 to 24 per cent of total population of Iran, making them the second largest ethnic group in Iran after the Persians.


Forest of Chaux

The Forest of Chaux is the second largest forest in France. It is in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France on the east of the Jura mountains.

Temperate rainforest

Temperate rainforests are coniferous or broadleaf forests. They are in the temperate zone, and get heavy rain.

Temperate rainforest often occur in areas which have an oceanic moist climate. They are very notable for their lichen.

In many ways, they are similar to tropical rainforests, but they are in areas that are not as hot. 

The conditions are very moist, and more open to light than a tropical rain forest. The lower levels of the forest have an understory. This means that, under the trees, fungi, moss, ferns, shrubs with berries grow. Lichens are common in temperate rain forests.



Bois de Boulogne

The Bois de Boulogne is a large public park in the west of Paris. It was created between 1852 and 1858 during the reign of the Emperor Louis Napoleon. It is in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, near the suburbs of Boulogne-Billancourt and Neuilly-sur-Seine.

The Bois is the second-largest park in Paris, a bit smaller than the Bois de Vincennes on the eastern side of the city. It covers an area of 8.46 square kilometres, which is 2.5 times larger than Central Park in New York, and comparable in size to Richmond Park in London.

Within the boundaries of the Bois de Boulogne are an English landscape garden with several lakes and a cascade; two smaller botanical and landscape gardens; a zoo and amusement park; a complex of greenhouses holding a hundred thousand plants; two tracks for horse racing; a tennis stadium where the French Open tournament is held each year; and other attractions.

Forest of Fontainebleau

The Forest of Fontainebleau (, or "Forêt de Bière", meaning "forest of heather") is a mixed deciduous forest sixty kilometres southeast of Paris, France. 

It is mostly in the arrondissement of Fontainebleau in the southwestern part of the department of Seine-et-Marne. Parts of it are in adjoining cantons, and even as far west as the town of Milly-la-Forêt in the neighboring department, Essonne. Several "communes" are in the forest, notably the towns of Fontainebleau and Avon. The forest has an area of .

The most common trees in the forest are: oak (44%), Scots pine (40%), and European beech (10%). Three thousand species of mushrooms have been discovered. The forest is also home to approximately seven thousand animal species, five thousand of which are insects.

Caledonian Forest

The Caledonian Forest is a type of woodland that once covered vast areas of Scotland. Today, parts of the original forest survive, covering in 84 places. The forests are home to a wide variety of wildlife, much of which is not found elsewhere in the British Isles.

The Caledonian forests were formed at the end of the last ice age. Trees began to recolonise what is now the British Isles over a land bridge which is now beneath the English Channel. Forests of this type were found all over what is now the island of Great Britain for a short period. Then the climate began to warm and the pine wood retreated north into the Scottish Highlands. 

The native pinewoods which formed this westernmost outpost of the boreal forest of Europe are estimated to have covered as a vast wilderness of pine, birch, rowan, aspen, juniper, oak and a few other species. On the west coast, oak and birch predominated in a temperate rainforest ecosystem rich in ferns, mosses and lichens.

The forest takes its name from the Romans, who called Scotland "Caledonia", from the early Celtic word '*caleto-' meaning 'hard, strong'. The name was used by a local tribe or tribal confederation of native Picts or Britons called the "Caledonii".

Today less than 1% of the original native pinewood forest survives, in isolated remnants. The only real future of the once great forest is rewilding. This amounts to keeping sections free of deer and hogs until trees have a chance to grow. Natural predators are also needed to keep control of herbivores which would otherwise eat everything before trees could grow. Alan Watson Featherstone explains his life's work.

A unique ecosystem in the British Isles, the Caledonian pinewoods are home to some of the country's rarest wildlife. It is one of the last remaining wildernesses in the British Isles, but most of it has gone.

Breeding bird species in Caledonian pine forests which breed nowhere else in the British Isles:

Breeding bird species in Caledonian pine forests rare elsewhere in the British Isles:

Mammal species present in Caledonian pine forests:


Friston

Friston is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 340 people living in Friston. Friston is near the A1094. Friston has a church called St Mary.


Great Bealings

Great Bealings is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 290 people living in Great Bealings. Great Bealings has a church called St Mary.


Great Glemham

Great Glemham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 193 people living in Great Glemham. Great Glemham is a mile or 2 away from the A12. Great Glemham has a church called All Saints.


Wildlife

Wildlife originally meant non-domesticated animal species. It now includes all plants, fungi and other organisms which grow or live wild in an area without being introduced by humans. Domesticating wild plant and animal species for human benefit has occurred many times all over the planet. It has had a big effect on the environment, both positive and negative.

Wildlife can be found in all ecosystems. Deserts, forests, rain forests, plains, grasslands, and other areas including the most developed urban sites, all have distinct forms of wildlife. Most scientists agree that wildlife around is affected by human activities. A garden is not a natural habitat, but it is full of genuine wildlife.

Chantilly Forest

Chantilly Forest or Forest of Chantilly () is a forest in France. It is mainly in Oise, north of Paris.

Man of Korea

Man of Korea or Korea Men's Association () is a non-governmental, non-profit organisation for men's rights in South Korea. It was started by Sung Jae-ki on January 24, 2008. It was started as a resistance to gender-based discrimination against males falsely accused of committing sexual abuse.




Hasketon

Hasketon is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 409 people living in Hasketon. Hasketon has a church called St Andrew. Hasketon is near to Woodbridge and Ipswich.


Hemley

Hemley is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 66 people living in Hemley. Hemley has a church called All Saints. Hemley village is on the west side of the Deben estuary.


Fourier analysis

Fourier analysis is a branch of analysis that looks at how more complex functions can be built with simpler ones. It is also known as classical harmonic analysis. It is named after Joseph Fourier who first used it in the 19th century. The process itself is called Fourier transform. Fourier analysis is widely used in fields such as physics, partial differential equations, number theory, combinatorics, signal processing, imaging, probability theory, statistics, option pricing, cryptography, numerical analysis, acoustics, oceanography, sonar, optics, diffraction, geometry and protein structure analysis.

Cannock Chase

Cannock Chase is a woodland and mixed area of countryside in the county of Staffordshire, England. The area has been designated as the Cannock Chase Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The Chase gives its name to the local government district.
Cannock Chase is between Cannock, Lichfield, Rugeley and Stafford. It is a mixture of natural deciduous woodland, coniferous plantations, open heathland and the remains of early industry, such as coal mining.
Cannock Chase was made an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) on 16 September 1958. Much of the area is also a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). Despite its relatively small area, the chase has a remarkable variety of landscape and wildlife.

The wildlife includes a herd of about 800 fallow deer. There are a number of rare and endangered birds, like the migrant Nightjars. A feeding station attracts many species, including Brambling, Yellowhammer and Bullfinch.

Efforts are underway to increase the amount of heathland on the chase, reintroducing shrubs such as heather in some areas where bracken and birch forest have crowded out most other plants. The local flora also includes several species of "Vaccinium", including the Cannock Chase Berry ("Vaccinium ×intermedium" Ruthe).

On the Chase's north-eastern edge can be found Shugborough Hall, ancestral home of the Earls of Lichfield. At its southern edge are the remains of Castle Ring, an Iron Age hill fort, which is the highest point on the Chase. Several glacial erratic boulders are also found on the Chase, remnants of glaciation. One is mounted on a plinth.

Since 2006, the forest has been used as an open-air music venue as part of the Forestry Commission nationwide Forest Tour, with acts such as The Zutons, The Feeling, Status Quo and Jools Holland playing in a forest clearing.
The area gained notoriety in the late 1960s when the Cannock Chase murders made national headlines; the remains of three young girls were found buried on the Chase after going missing from areas along the A34 road between there and Birmingham. Raymond Leslie Morris, a motor engineer from Walsall, was found guilty at Stafford assizes of one of the murders in 1968 and was sentenced to life imprisonment. He is still in prison over 40 years later and one of the country's longest serving prisoners.

The landscape owes much to the underlying Triassic "bunter" formations. These are sandstone deposits containing rounded pebbles. They can be found in Warwickshire, Cheshire, Staffordshire, Nottinghamshire, Yorkshire, Devon and Dorset in England. They are thought to be alluvial deposits. Judging from the rounding of the mainly quartzite pebbles, they were carried for a long time in a large and turbulent river. The hard pebbles got powerful abrasion. The deposits in the English Midlands are thought to have been carried northwards from Brittany in northern France.

Aleksandr Kokorin

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Kokorin (Russian: Алекса́ндр Алекса́ндрович Коко́рин; born 19 March 1991) is a Russian professional football player. He plays for ACF Fiorentina. He has previously played for the Russian national team.



Heveningham

Heveningham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 110 people living in Heveningham. Heveningham is pronounced "Henningum". Heveningham has a church called St Margaret.


Hollesley

Hollesley is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 1356 people living in Hollesley. Hollesley is the largest village on the southern tip of the Sandlings Peninsula.


Huntingfield

Huntingfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 193 people living in Huntingfield. It has a church called St Mary.


Belarusian Wikipedia

There are two Belarusian Wikipedias: one in the orthography of the Belarusian language which is official in modern Belarus ("Narkomovka," prefix "be:"), and another one in the pre-reform of 1933, classical orthography ("Taraškievica", prefix "be-x-old:").

The first Belarusian Wikipedia was started on August 12, 2004. One of its creators and first administrators was Uladzimir Katkouski (user name: rydel). Katkouski/rydel (who died in 2007) created over 1,300 articles in the Belarusian Wikipedia alone.


Punjabi Wikipedia

The Punjabi Wikipedia () is the Punjabi language edition of Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. There are two Punjabi Wikipedia editions viz. (in Shahmukhi script) and (in Gurmukhi script).


Summer Esperanto Study

Summer Esperanto Study (in , shortly "SES") is the largest yearly international meeting for learning the Esperanto language. There is teaching of Esperanto on all levels, talks, short teaching of other languages, workshops, concerts, travel etc. Many participants use also "lernu!", the official website for free learning of Esperanto. The coordinator of the event is the non-profit organization E@I, since 2007. The minister of education and the mayor of the city usually support the event. The 7th Summer Esperanto Study was on 12–20 July 2013 in the city of Martin in Slovakia. There were 230 people from 27 countries.


Redditch

Redditch is a town in Worcestershire, England. Products manufactured in Redditch during the industrial revolution include needles, fishing tackle, batteries, springs, motorbikes and other light industrial products.


Rugby, Warwickshire

Rugby is a town in Warwickshire, England. Rugby is 15 miles northeast of Warwick and 30 miles southeast of Birmingham. It is most famous because Rugby football is named after the town, and it has a very old and famous school in the centre. The town's train station is on a mainline and connects to many places. Also, the town is near three motorways.


Stafford

Stafford is the county town of the ceremonial county of Staffordshire in England. It is situated around 16 miles (26 km) north of Wolverhampton, 18 miles (29 km) south of Stoke-on-Trent and 24 miles (39 km) north-west of Birmingham.

The town's 2011 population of 68,472 makes it the fifth largest town in Staffordshire by population, behind Stoke-on-Trent, Tamworth, Newcastle-under-Lyme and Burton-upon-Trent.

The name Stafford means ""ford"" by a ""staithe"" (a landing place).
The town is famous for the Stafford knot, sometimes called the Staffordshire knot. It is a distinctive three-looped knot that is the traditional symbol of Staffordshire and Stafford itself. It is used by many local organisations on logos and buildings and also gives its name to a pub.
The town has a busy railway station on the West Coast Main Line. The station provides direct local trains to Crewe, Liverpool, Stoke-on-Trent, Wolverhampton and Manchester, longer-distance trains to London, Carlisle, Glasgow and Edinburgh, and cross-country trains to Manchester and Bristol.
The town has a semi-professional football club, Stafford Rangers, who currently compete in the Northern Premier League. They play their home games at Marston Road.

Tamworth

Tamworth is a large market town and borough in Staffordshire, England. It is 14 miles (23 km) north-east of Birmingham. A 2019 census estimated that around 77,000 people live in the town.
It used to be divided between the counties of Warwickshire and Staffordshire. In 1889, the town was placed entirely in Staffordshire.

The town is home to Tamworth Castle, a 12th century castle.

It was the capital of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Mercia.
The town's railway station is located on the West Coast Main Line. Passengers can board direct local-stopping trains to Birmingham, London and Crewe. Cross-country trains, operated by CrossCountry, also call at Tamworth, providing direct trains to Nottingham, Yorkshire, Scotland, South Wales and Cornwall.

Burton upon Trent

Burton upon Trent, also known as Burton-on-Trent, or simply Burton, is a town in the county of Staffordshire in England, near to the border with Derbyshire. It is located 11 miles southwest of Derby and 30 miles northeast of Birmingham.

Burton is famous for its brewing industry. A lot of famous beers and lagers, such as Carling, are brewed in the town. It is currently home to eight independent breweries. The town's football club, Burton Albion FC, are nicknamed "The Brewers".

The 2011 census revealed that the town had a population of 72,299 people, making it one of the biggest towns in Staffordshire.

Stone, Staffordshire

Stone is a town and civil parish in Stafford District, Staffordshire, England. In 2011 there were 16385 people living in Stone.


Hel

Hel may refer to:


Lothal

Lothal, is one of the many places where the Indus Valley civilization was seen. Archeological evidence from Lothal tells us that it was an industrial area. Metals, semi-precious stones, statues and beads were found. Several weapons, ornaments, seals and workshops were also found. A dockyard was also found which may have been used to ship goods to other civilizations like Mesopotamia.

Kenilworth

Kenilworth is a town and civil parish in Warwick District, Warwickshire, England. In 2011 there were 22,413 people living in Kenilworth. It is most famous for its castle which was first built in the 1120s. There is a market held each week and the town has a train station. Nearby towns are Warwick and Leamington Spa. The nearest city is Coventry.


Leek, Staffordshire

Leek is a market town and civil parish in Staffordshire, England. It is around 10 miles (16 km) north east of the city of Stoke-on-Trent. It is near to the border with Cheshire.

Leek is an ancient borough. It was granted its royal charter in the year 1214.

The town is the administrative centre of the Staffordshire Moorlands district in the north of the county.

The town is at a high altitude. Most of the town is at or above 600 feet (180 m).

For hundreds of years, Leek had a big cattle market. It was a large centre of local farming.

Leek has a lot of remaining old architecture. Many Victorian buildings still stand around the town. 

Droitwich Spa

Droitwich Spa is a town and civil parish in Wychavon, Worcestershire, England. In 2011 there were 23504 people living in Droitwich Spa.


Corby

Corby is a town in Northamptonshire, England. Corby is 7½ miles north-northeast of Kettering.


Natchez, Mississippi

Natchez ( ), officially the City of Natchez, is the county seat and the only incorporated city of Adams County in the state of Mississippi.

Natchez's surrounding communities (collectively known as the "Miss-Lou") include:




Heath

A heath or heathland is a shrubland habitat found mainly on low quality, acidic soils. It has open, low growing woody vegetation. 

There are some clear differences between "heath" and "moorland". For example "moorland" has a very peaty topsoil, and it is also free-draining, whereas a heath is not. Moorland is generally related to high-ground heaths with — especially in Great Britain — a cooler and damper climate.

Heathland is common worldwide. They form extensive and diverse communities across Australia in humid and sub-humid areas. Fire regimes with burning maintain the heathlands. Even more diverse though less widespread heath occurs in Southern Africa. Extensive heath communities can also be found in the California chaparral, New Caledonia, central Chile and along the shores of the Mediterranean Sea. In addition to these extensive heath areas, the vegetation type is also found in scattered locations across all continents except Antarctica.

Edward Herrera

Edward Herrera (born 14 November 1986) is a Maltese football player. He plays for Birkirkara and Malta national team.

 Hibernians
 Birkirkara


Justin Haber

Justin Haber (born 9 June 1981) is a Maltese football player. He plays for Birkirkara and Malta national team.

 Birkirkara


Loughborough

Loughborough (pronounced "Luff-burra", ) is a market town in Leicestershire, a county in England. It is in the Borough of Charnwood. In 2018, there was 66,611 people living there, making it the second-largest settlement in Leicestershire.

It is close to the border with Nottinghamshire. It is located 11.6 miles (18.7 km) north of Leicester and 16 miles (25.7 km) south of Nottingham.

It is a university town and is home to Loughborough University.

The world's largest bell foundry is in Loughborough.

In 1841, the world's first package tour was to Loughborough. It was organised by Thomas Cook for a temperance group from Leicester.

Kidderminster

Kidderminster is a town in Worcestershire, England. Kidderminster is 15 miles north of Worcester and 18 miles southwest of Birmingham.


Barnard Castle

Barnard Castle is a town and civil parish in County Durham, England. In 2011 there were 5495 people living in Barnard Castle.
Barnard Castle is a market town in Teesdale, County Durham, England. It is named after the castle around which it was built. It is the main settlement in the Teesdale area, and is a popular tourist destination. The Bowes Museum has the best collection of European fine and decorative arts in the North of England, housed in a "magnificent" 19th century French-style chateau. Its most famous exhibit is the 18th century Silver Swan automaton, though art includes work by Goya and El Greco.
Barnard Castle sits on the north bank of the River Tees, opposite Startforth and 21 miles (34 km) south-west of the county town of Durham. Nearby towns include Bishop Auckland to the north-east, Darlington to the east and Richmond in North Yorkshire to the south-east.
Barnard Castle's largest single employer is GlaxoSmithKline which has a manufacturing facility on the outskirts of town.

Northallerton

Northallerton is a town and civil parish in Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England. In 2011 there were 10655 people living in Northallerton.


Mildenhall

Mildenhall is a town and civil parish in Forest Heath, Suffolk, England. In 2011 there were 10315 people living in Mildenhall.


St Neots

St Neots is a town and civil parish in Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, England. In 2011, there were 31165 people living in St Neots.


Iken

Iken is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 114 people living in Iken. Iken has a church called St Botolph.


Kettleburgh

Kettleburgh is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 299 people living in Kettleburgh. Kettleburgh has a church called St Andrew.


Knodishall

Knodishall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 883 people living in Knodishall. Knodishall has a church called St Lawrence.


Letheringham

Letheringham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 74 people living in Letheringham. Letheringham has a church called St Mary.


Levington

Levington is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 253 people living in Levington. Levington has a church called St Peter. Levington shares a parish council with nearby Stratton Hall.


Little Bealings

Little Bealings is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 445 people living in Little Bealings. Little Bealings has a church called All Saints.


Little Glemham

Little Glemham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 173 people living in Little Glemham. Little Glemham has a church called St Andrew.


Middleton, Suffolk

Middleton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 359 people living in Middleton. Middleton has a church called Holy Trinity.


Monewden

Monewden is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 105 people living in Monewden. Monewden has a church called St Mary.


Brandon, Suffolk

Brandon is a town and civil parish in Forest Heath, Suffolk, England. In 2011 there were 9145 people living in Brandon.


Stoke Ash

Stoke Ash is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2011 there were 314 people living in Stoke Ash. Stoke Ash has a church called All Saints. Stoke Ash is near the A140 road.


Count of Flanders

The Count of Flanders was the ruler or leader of the county of Flanders from the 9th century until the French Revolution in 1790. The first count was Baldwin I "Iron Arm". By expanding its borders the early counts managed to keep Flanders independent. Later, the lack of natural borders allowed into Flanders. Counts of Flanders were always concerned with hunting and preserving their hunting grounds. For that reason many were called foresters. The last count was Francis II. After 1795 Flanders no longer existed as a county.









Charles V proclaimed the Pragmatic Sanction of 1549 eternally uniting Flanders with the other lordships of the Low Countries in a personal union. When the Habsburg empire was divided among the heirs of Charles V, the Low Countries, including Flanders, went to Philip II of Spain, of the Spanish branch of the House of Habsburg.


Between 1706 and 1714 Flanders was invaded by the English and the Dutch during the War of the Spanish Succession. The fief was claimed by the House of Habsburg and the House of Bourbon. In 1713, the Treaty of Utrecht settled the succession and the County of Flanders went to the Austrian branch of the House of Habsburg.


The title was abolished after revolutionary France annexed Flanders in 1795. Francis II relinquished his claim on the Low Countries in the Treaty of Campo Formio of 1797. The area remained part of France until the end of the Napoleonic Wars.

Yvain

Sir Yvain (also called Owain, Ywain, Ewain or Uwain) is a Knight of the Round Table in the Arthurian legend. He is purported to be the son of King Urien. The character is thought to be based on Owain mab Urien, who was the king of Rheged in Great Britain during the late 6th century.

"Yvain, the Knight of the Lion" is a well known and documented story of a Sir Yvain in King Arthur's court. Before being known as the Knight of the Lion, Sir Yvain went on a mission to revenge the brother-in-law of King Arthur—and to win fame for himself. This trip lead to several more and, in the course of his travels, he jousted various knights, fought a few monsters, fell in love with a widow queen, lost his sanity—albeit shortly—and saved helpless women. 

Michael Jackson's This Is It

Michael Jackson's This Is It is a 2009 American documentary–concert movie directed by Kenny Ortega. This movie shows footage of Michael Jackson's rehearsals for his concert "This Is It". It was released on October 28, 2009, Halloween. It received positive reviews. It made $267,983,588 around the world. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray in North America on 26 January 2010. The movie was shown on Channel Five for the first time in the United Kingdom on Christmas Day 2013. Twenty songs are performed. In the movie Jackson sings with Judith Hill.

The two-disc soundtrack album was released on 26 October 2009. It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number one. One single, "This Is It", was released from the album. In 2011 the song was nominated for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the Grammy Awards.

Mud (movie)

Mud is a 2012 American drama movie directed by Jeff Nichols. It is Nichols first movie that he ever directed. It stars Matthew McConaughey, Tye Sheridan, Sam Shepard, and Reese Witherspoon.

The movie is set in Arkansas. It was released for a limited time on April 26, 2013 and later on May 10, 2013. It received very positive reviews. It currently has a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes.

The Illinois

The Mile High Illinois, Illinois Sky-City, or simply The Illinois was a proposed skyscraper that would have been high, said by Frank Lloyd Wright in his 1956 book, "A Testament". 

The design, was to be built in Chicago, would have included 528 stories, with an area of . Wright said that there would be parking for 15,000 cars and 150 helicopters. 

Chicago is known for good reason as the "Windy City", though it is not the windiest city in the U.S. Had it been built, the Illinois would have been the tallest building in the world by far: more than four times the height of the then tallest building in the world, the Empire State Building, and nearly twice as tall as the world's current tallest building, the Burj Khalifa. 

The building is one of the visionary buildings meant to be an alternative to the increasing urban sprawl occurring in most cities. None of these has ever been viewed as financially feasible.

The design of the Burj Khalifa, the current tallest building in the world, is said to have been inspired by that of The Illinois.



Mount Pearl

Mount Pearl is the third largest community in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It is southwest of St. John's, on the eastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula on the island of Newfoundland. Mount Pearl is part of the St. John's Metropolitan Area.

Corner Brook

Corner Brook is a city in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It is on the west coast of the island of Newfoundland.

The area was originally four different communities:

In 1956, these communities combined to become the present-day City of Corner Brook.

Corner Brook is home to the Corner Brook Pulp & Paper Mill (owned by Kruger Inc.). Many people work at the mill. The city has the largest regional hospital in western Newfoundland. The Grenfell Campus of Memorial University of Newfoundland is here.


Lelydorp

Lelydorp is the capital city of Wanica District, Suriname. Lelydorp is the second largest city in Suriname, after Paramaribo.

Lelydorp was originally called "Kofi Djompo". It was renamed by Cornelis Lely, the Dutch governor of Suriname in 1905.

Lelydorp is the most important halfway stopping point between Paramaribo and Zanderij. (The Johan Pengel Airport is in Zanderij.)

Lelydorp's people are a mixture of Javanese, Hindustani, Creoles, Europeans and Portuguese Jews.

Parham

Parham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 305 people living in Parham. Parham has a church called St Mary.


Ramsholt

Ramsholt is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 32 people living in Ramsholt. Ramsholt has a church called All Saints.


Reform School Girl

Reform School Girl is a 1957 movie directed by Edward Bernds. It was produced by American International Pictures (AIP) and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It stars Gloria Castillo, Ross Ford, and Edd Byrnes. The movie is about a young woman who is sent to reform school after she refuses to disclose what she knows about a traffic accident in which a pedestrian was killed. It was remade in 1994 with the same title.

High School Hellcats

High School Hellcats is a 1958 crime movie directed by Edward Bernds. It stars Yvonne Lime, Brett Halsey, and Jana Lund. The movie is about a group of juvenile delinquent high school girls. It was produced by American International Pictures (AIP) and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. This is the last film to be released through RKO Radio Pictures.

Fantastic Voyage

Fantastic Voyage is a 1966 science fiction movie directed by Richard Fleischer. It stars Stephen Boyd, Raquel Welch, Donald Pleasence, and Edmond O'Brien.
The movie is about scientists who are made miniatures in order to enter the blood stream of someone who has a blood clot in the brain. It was produced by 20th Century Fox Film Corporation.

Beach Party

Beach Party is a 1963 musical comedy movie directed by William Asher. It stars Robert Cummings, Dorothy Malone, Annette Funicello, Frankie Avalon, Morey Amsterdam, and Harvey Lembeck. Musical group Dick Dale and the Del Tones starred as themselves. The movie is about an anthropology professor who studies the sex habits of a group of fun-loving, surfing teenagers on the beach. The movie was the first of five beach party movies from American International Pictures (AIP). It won the 1964 Golden Laurel "Sleeper of the Year" Award.

Havelock Ellis

Henry Havelock Ellis, known as Havelock Ellis (2 February 1859 – 8 July 1939), was a British physician, writer, and social reformer who studied human sexuality. He published works on a variety of sexual practices and inclinations, including transgender psychology. He is credited with introducing the notions of narcissism and autoeroticism, later adopted by psychoanalysis. He served as president of the Galton Institute and, like many intellectuals of his era, supported eugenics.

Attitudes towards homosexuality and masturbation were altered by the publications of Havelock Ellis. Ellis was the first person to say in print that masturbation was normal, and did not cause any medical problems. He was co-author of the first medical textbook in English on homosexuality in 1897. His work, with others, prepared the way for the later sexual revolution.

Oliver Twist (movie)

Oliver Twist is a 1948 movie directed by David Lean. It stars John Howard Davies as Oliver, Alec Guiness as Fagin, Robert Newton as Bill Sikes, and Kay Walsh as Nancy. The movie is about the difficult life of an orphan on the streets of London. It is based on the book "Oliver Twist" by Charles Dickens.

Rendham

Rendham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 262 people living in Rendham. Rendham has a church called St Michael. Rendham is on the River Alde.


Saxtead

Saxtead is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 342 people living in Saxtead. Saxtead has a church called All Saints.


Ixelles Ponds

The Ixelles Ponds () or Elsene Ponds () are two ponds in the Brussels municipality of Ixelles. They are between the Abbey of La Cambre and Flagey Square. 

With the surrounding park, the Ixelles Ponds reach from the Sonian Forest to the center of Brussels. The ponds are a very popular place for local residents. However, the water is polluted and signs are all around the ponds. The total lengths are 700 metres (2,200 feet), and widths are 50 metres (170 feet). The ponds are separated by land.


Shottisham

Shottisham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 179 people living in Shottisham. Shottisham has a church called St Margaret.


Snape, Suffolk

Snape is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 623 people living in Snape.


Sternfield

Sternfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 127 people living in Sternfield. Sternfield has a church called St Mary Magdalene.


Sudbourne

Sudbourne is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 307 people living in Sudbourne. Sudbourne has a church called All Saints. Sudbourne is near to Orford and Aldeburgh.


Sutton, Suffolk

Sutton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 299 people living in Sutton. Sutton Hoo is to the north.


Theberton

Theberton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 303 people living in Theberton. Theberton has a church called St Peter.


Thorington

Thorington is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 76 people living in Thorington. Thorington has a church called St Peter.


Tuddenham St. Martin

Tuddenham St. Martin is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 337 people living in Tuddenham St. Martin. Tuddenham St. Martin has a church called St Martin.


Walberswick

Walberswick is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 299 people living in Walberswick. Walberswick has a church called St Andrew. Walberswick is on the south bank of the River Blyth.


Walpole

Walpole is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 215 people living in Walpole.


Westleton

Westleton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 433 people living in Westleton. Westleton has a church called St Peter. Westleton is about in the middle of Ipswich and Lowestoft.


Santiago de Cuba

Santiago de Cuba is a city in Cuba. It is the country's second largest city after Havana. It is the capital of the Santiago de Cuba Province.

Adlington

Adlington is a town and civil parish in Chorley District, Lancashire, England. In 2011 there were 6010 people living in Adlington.


Poltimore

Poltimore is a village and civil parish in East Devon, Devon, England. In 2011 there were 297 people living in Poltimore. Poltimore has a church called St Mary.


Godmanchester

Godmanchester is a town and civil parish in Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, England. In 2011 there were 6711 people living in Godmanchester.


PewDiePie

Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg (born 24 October 1989), better known by his online username PewDiePie, is a Swedish YouTuber. His content has changed significantly since he began uploading, now focusing on Minecraft gaming videos and established series such as 'You Laugh You Lose' and 'Last Week I Asked You (LWIAY)' where he reviews memes that his fans have posted on Reddit. He has over 111 million subscribers as of January 2024, but is slowly losing subscribers now as YouTube is removing inactive subscribers. On 15 August 2013, his channel became the most subscribed channel on YouTube. He was also the first YouTuber creator to get 100 million subscribers.

PewDiePie was born on 24 October 1989 in Gothenburg, Sweden. Before starting his own YouTube channel, PewDiePie studied Industrial Economics and Technology Management at Chalmers University of Technology until he dropped out. Disapproving of his decision, his parents cut off his support. He made a living by selling hot dogs until his channel got enough subscribers for him to make a living from the channel.

In 2013 PewDiePie surpassed making him the Number 1 Youtuber.

PewDiePie was the first channel ever to pass 50 million subscribers. PewDiePie is attempting to break the like record on YouTube.

PewDiePie was the first individual creator ever to pass 100 million subscribers on YouTube as of August 2019, though he did lose the position of being the first channel ever to reach that milestone by the Indian music channel T-Series in months earlier.
PewDiePie has been creating content that can be described as "silly and fun". Videos such as Meme Review, You Laugh You Lose (YLYL), Pew News, and Last Week I Asked You (LWIAY) are just a few examples. Recently, he has been uploading many Minecraft videos.

PewDiePie lives in Japan.
He formerly lived in Brighton, England with his wife, Marzia Bisognin, who is also former YouTuber. In 2019 he married his long-time girlfriend, Marzia Bisognin. The marriage was held at Kew Gardens in London, England.

Gordon Kahn

Gordon Kahn (11 May 1902 – 31 December 1962) was an American writer known for writing movie scripts. He wrote over 30 movies including, "All Quiet on the Western Front" and "The African Queen". Kahn lost his job and was banned from writing movies because the United States government thought he was a Communist.

The Piano Guys

The Piano Guys are an American musical group. The members are Jon Schmidt, Steven Sharp Nelson, Tel Stewart, Paul Anderson and Al van der Beek. They became famous because of YouTube, where they posted videos of renditions and mashups of popular songs with professional-looking video shots, edited by Paul Anderson and Tel Stewart. In December 2011, they released their first album, called "Hits Volume 1". Their second album, "The Piano Guys", got to number one on the Billboard New Age Albums and Classical Albums charts in 2012.

Several of the group's YouTube videos have more than 15 million views. As of August 25, 2013, The Piano Guys' YouTube channel has more than 263 million video views altogether, and more than 1.8 million subscribers.

Holland, Michigan

Holland, Michigan is a city in western Michigan, United States. There were 34,378 people living in Holland as of 2020.

Holland is famous for its Tulip Time festival, held every May. The festival was named Best Small Town Festival by Reader's Digest.

Holland was started in 1847 by Dutch Calvinist separatists, led by Dr. Albertus van Raalte. They had left the Netherlands because they had been persecuted (were not treated nicely) there because of their religious beliefs.

New City, New York

New City is a town in Rockland County, New York. It is about north of New York City. The town is classified as a hamlet of Clarkstown, meaning it is a small settlement inside of a larger town. The town is the county seat of Rockland County, because it is the location of the Rockland County Courthouse and government. Because of how close it is to New York City, many people go there to work.

Curtido

Curtido is a kind of fermented cabbage relish. It is found in the cuisines of El Salvador and other Central American countries. It is made with cabbage, onions, carrots, and sometimes lime juice or vinegar. It is similar to sauerkraut or "kimchi". There is also a variation of "curtido" which is prepared with mayonnaise. Both Curtidos, vinegar and mayonnaise, are highly appreciated by diners as they are indispensable accompaniments of pupusas

People eat curtido with pupusas.

Old Chicago Main Post Office Redevelopment

The Old Chicago Main Post Office Redevelopment was a proposed project on a lot located along the Chicago River on the southwest side of Downtown Chicago, Illinois to be constructed in phases over a period of one decade that will include the renovation of Chicago's historic Old Main Post Office building as well as residential, retail, entertainment and office space. 

The plan includes several towers, the tallest one being a proposed 120-story mixed use twin tower skyscraper that will stand about high to the roof, which would make it the tallest building in the United States, over taller than the Willis Tower, and will contain office, residential, and hotel space. It will also include two 60-story residential towers as well as a 40-story hotel. 

All the buildings in the development will be connected via a ground level complex that would be built over the Chicago River and the Eisenhower Expressway.

The proposal was sent to Chicago City Commission in July 2011 for approval, which was expected to be a several month process. The project is said to have an estimated cost of $3.5 billion and the potential to create 12,000 jobs. 

Some critics oppose the proposal in its current state, calling it old-fashioned and suburban and an unrealistic pipe dream, as it is largely car oriented (12,000 parking spaces and free parking) with shopping mall style retail.

The city voted and approved the plan July 18, 2013. But the area was sold in 2016 thus the building was never built.

Gerard Murphy (Irish actor)

Gerard Murphy (14 October 1955 – 26 August 2013) was an Irish movie, television and theatre actor. Due to his imposing stature, he often portrayed villains.

Murphy was born on 14 October 1955 in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland. Murphy died at the age of 57 on 26 August 2013 from prostate cancer in England, which he had for over two years.


Brandon

Brandon may refer to: 




Snape

Snape may mean:




Dauberval

Jean Bercher (known as Dauberval or D'Auberval; Montpellier, August 19, 1742 - Tours, February 14, 1802) was a French ballet dancer and choreographer. He was a pupil of Jean-Georges Noverre and made his debut at the Paris Opéra on June 12, 1762. He was a superb mime. He choreographed few ballets, but is credited with creating the comedy ballet. His best known work is "La Fille mal gardée", which is one of the oldest ballets still performed.


Cri-Cri

Cri-Cri is a fictional talking cricket. The character was created by Francisco Gabilondo Soler and introduced in 1934 on his own musical radio show in Mexico. Cri-Cri is known as "el grillito cantor", which is Spanish for "the singing cricket".

The character was created by Gabilondo Soler when he was a child. It became so famous and gave its author such renown, that it became a second name for Gabilondo. In the mid part of the 20th century, he became the most recognizable singer of children's songs in Spanish. Gabilondo's dedication to this segment of the population has been greatly admired, comparable to Walt Disney in his honest approach to making life fun for those who are beginning to live it.

It was made into a movie that was released on 12 December 1963 in Mexico. It was produced by Producciones Carlos Amador.


Baldwin I, Count of Flanders

Baldwin I († 879), also known as "Baldwin Iron Arm" (), was a French nobleman and became the first count of Flanders. 

Baldwin's father was named Audacer but little else is known of him. His family was related to the counts of Laon. Before holding Flanders Baldwin was already a count, probably at Ghent. Baldwin was in Senlis in 862. Somehow he decided to take Judith, the daughter of Charles the Bald, the king, for his wife. Judith, had been the wife of two English kings, Athelwulf († 858) and Athelbald († 860). On her return and still in her teens she was being held at the castle of Senlis by her father. Baldwin took Judith, the twice daughter of Charles the Bald, 
and the couple fled to the court of Lothair II, king of Lorraine. He was Judith's cousin. Once they were safely out of her father's reach Baldwin married her. This was about 863. King Charles had his bishops excommunicate the couple. He also demanded that his nephew return Baldwin and his daughter Judith to him. At this point Baldwin and Judith fled to Rome. They asked Pope Nicholas I to and their marriage. Baldwin made known his intent to join the Vikings if his marriage was not allowed. Vikings were a constant threat in northern France and Baldwin was needed to help fight them. The pope decided their marriage was valid and had the bishops withdraw their excommunication. Charles the Bald was forced to accept Baldwin as his son-in-law. The couple was married a second time, in public. Her father did not attend but sent officials to witness the marriage. He gave Baldwin the honors the pope recommended. 

Baldwin was given rule over Flanders with the title of (count of a ) of Flanders. He protected Flanders for the next fifteen years from Vikings. He became known for his harsh treatment of anyone attacking Flanders. This later gave him the name "Baldwin Iron Arm". In 867 Baldwin built a castle at Ghent to protect from Viking raids. The city built up around the castle. Ghent became the seat of his . Baldwin also built a castle at Bruges, the port city on the North Sea. It too was for the purpose of stopping Viking . When Charles the Bald died in 877, Baldwin faithfully supported his son, Louis the Stammerer, helping him become king of the Franks. Baldwin died in 879.

Baldwin married Judith (–after 870), daughter of Charles the Bald, King of the Franks and Holy Roman Emperor. Together they had:


The Windy Hill

The Windy Hill is a long book for children. It was written by Cornelia Meigs. It tells a story about a boy and girl who live in New England. They meet a man who tells them stories which are about other people who used to live in New England. The people in these stories are part of the boy's and girl's family. Between these stories, the main story of the book happens. The main story is about a bad man who wants to take away the house where the boy and girl live. The bad man is part of the boy's and girl's family, too.

This book was first printed in 1921. Berta and Elmer Hader drew the pictures. In 1922, this book was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book.


Cornelia Meigs

Cornelia Lynde Meigs (December 6, 1884 – September 10, 1973) was an American writer. She wrote many kinds of writing. She wrote made-up stories for children. She wrote true stories for children about the lives of important people. She wrote about important things that happened in the past. She wrote about what books for children were good or bad. She also taught other people how to write in the English language.

One of the books that Cornelia Meigs wrote won the Newbery Medal in 1934. That book was called "Invincible Louisa". It told about the life of Louisa May Alcott. Three other books that Cornelia Meigs wrote were made Newbery Honor Books. That meant that the people who chose the Newbery Medal winner each year thought that those were very good books.
Cornelia Meigs was born in Rock Island, Illinois, on December 6, 1884. Her father was called Montgomery Meigs. Her mother was called Grace Lynde Meigs. Montgomery and Grace already had four other daughters who were older than Cornelia. Later they had one more daughter.

When Cornelia was one month old, the Meigs family moved to Keokuk, Iowa. Cornelia went to school there. She finished studying at Keokuk High School in 1901. After that, she went to Bryn Mawr College. In 1907, she got an A.B. degree from Bryn Mawr. After that, she went to Davenport, Iowa. She taught children to write good English. The school where she taught was called St. Katherine's School. While she was teaching there, Cornelia started writing books.

The first book that Cornelia wrote was called "The Kingdom of the Winding Road". It was first printed in 1915. Macmillan US was the publisher. In 1921 she wrote "The Windy Hill", and in 1922 that book was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book. In 1929 her fiction book "Clearing Weather" was made a Newbery Honor Book, and in 1933 her fiction book "Swift Rivers" was made a Newbery Honor Book. She also wrote other books for children during this time. Some of these books said that they were written by Adair Aldon. Adair Aldon was a pretend name or pseudonym that Cornelia Meigs used sometimes. "The Trade Wind", which was first printed in 1927, won a prize from Little, Brown, and Co., a book publishing company.

In 1934, Cornelia Meigs won the Newbery Medal for writing the true story book "Invincible Louisa". This book told about the life of Louisa May Alcott, a famous American writer during the 1800s. "Kirkus Reviews" said that this book was very good. Kirkus Reviews said that children who liked Louisa May Alcott's most famous book, "Little Women", should read "Invincible Louisa" too.

In 1932, Cornelia Meigs started teaching English at Bryn Mawr College. She taught there until 1950. During World War II, she worked for the United States War Department.

After 1950, Cornelia Meigs taught writing at the New School of Social Research in New York City. In 1953, she helped to write a book called "A Critical History of Children's Literature". This was a very important book. It said many things about writing for children. In 1969 she helped to write the second edition of this book.

Cornelia Meigs wrote more than 30 books for children in her life. Most of them were made-up stories. Two of them were true stories about the lives of famous people. Two of her books were plays. She also wrote some books and articles for grown-up people.

Cornelia Meigs died in Havre de Grace, Maryland, on September 10, 1973. She was 88 years old. Most of the papers that she left when she died are in the Special Collections Library at Dartmouth College. Some of her papers are in the de Grummond Collection at the University of Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Some of them are at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa.








Armenians in Switzerland

Swiss-Armenians are citizens of Switzerland who are of Armenian ancestry. This means that they are ethnic Armenians, but live in Switzerland. The exact number of Armenians in Switzerland is not known. In the 2010 census, the number of Swiss citizens who claimed to be Armenian was 612. The full number of Armenians living in Switzerland is said to be between 3,000 and 5,000.

The majority of Swiss Armenians are members of the Armenian Apostolic Church. There are four church regions ("tems"): Geneva, Zurich, Neuchatel and Lugano. There are also a smaller number of Armenian Catholics, and even a smaller number of Armenian Evangelicals.

A number of Armenian associations operate in Switzerland:



Double dissolution

A double dissolution is a procedure allowed by the constitution of Australia. If the House of Representatives and the Senate are unable to agree, the Governor General may dissolve both houses. This would cause a full election for all members. 

Gall wasp

Gall wasps, also called gallflies, are the family (Cynipidae) of the order Hymenoptera. They are in the Apocrita suborder of wasps. 

About 1300 species of this small creature (1-8 mm) are known worldwide, with about 360 species of 36 different genera in Europe and some 800 species in North America.

The larvae of most gall wasps develop in plant galls they induce themselves.

The plant galls develop after the female insect lays the eggs. The inducement for the gall formation is largely unknown. The hatching larvae nourish themselves with the nutritive tissue of the galls, in which they are well-protected from external environmental effects. 

70% of the known species live in oak trees. One can find galls on nearly all parts of such trees, some on the leaves, the buds, the branches, and the roots. Other species of gall wasps live in eucalyptus trees, rose bushes or maple trees, as well as many herbs. 

Most species have an alternation of generations, with a two-sex generation and a parthenogenic generation each year. 

A gall provides the developing wasp with a safe refuge for this most vulnerable stage of its life cycle. However, other wasps have found a way to penetrate this defence and parasitise the larva(e) within. 

Some of these parasitoids use their long, hardened egg-laying tube (ovipositor) to bore into the gall and lay an egg on the helpless gall maker. These parasitoids may, in turn, be preyed upon by other wasps, hyperparasitoids.

An early collector of gall wasps was Alfred Kinsey.

André Schembri

André Schembri (born 27 May 1986) is a Maltese football player. He plays for AC Omonia and Malta national team.

 Marsaxlokk


Steatorrhea

Steatorrhea means excess undigested fat in feces. In this case, the feces is often lighter, sometimes whitish, in color. It produces a fouler-than-usual, sour-rancid smell, and floats on the surface of the water as opposed to sinking to the bottom of the toilet bowl.

Steatorrhea is caused by the inability to digest and absorb fat in the diet. It may be helped in some cases by taking enzymes, such as those usually produced by the body, which digest fat.

Research should be done, and a doctor consulted if necessary, to determine the cause of the inability to digest and absorb fat.

The causes range from mild to very severe and life-threatenting, so simply treating symptoms may not be enough.

Meijer

Meijer is an American chain of hypermarkets. There are Meijer stores in Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, and Indiana. Meijer sells other products as well as their own brands. The chain was ranked Number 13 on Forbes' 2011 list of "America's Largest Private Companies".

Rockland County, New York

Rockland County is a county in the U.S. state of New York. It is about 20 miles north of downtown New York City. About 300,000 people live there. The county has five towns: Orangetown, Clarkstown, Haverstraw, Stony Point, and Ramapo. The towns are divided into hamlets. The county seat is in New City. The largest village is Spring Valley. Rockland has a minor league baseball team, the Rockland Boulders.

The county was first settled by Native Americans who lived there for many years. It was later found by explorer Henry Hudson when he sailed up the Hudson River in the 1600s. Soon after, many English colonists moved to the area, and formed the first towns. The county was involved in the American Revolution, and an important battle took place there. 

After America won its independence, the county remained mainly rural, meaning most of it was farms and forests. This continued until the Tappan-Zee Bridge and Palisades Parkway were opened in the 1950s. These roads connected the county to New York City, allowing people to drive there. This caused more people to move to Rockland.


Baldwin II, Count of Flanders

Baldwin II ( 865–918), Called Baldwin "the Bald" (), was a French nobleman and the second count of Flanders. He ruled from 879 until his death.

Born he was the son of Baldwin I, Count of Flanders and Judith, a daughter of Charles the Bald. Through his mother he was a descendant of Charlemagne. Baldwin wanted to keep a good trading relationship with England. So in 884 Baldwin married Ælfthryth, a daughter of King Alfred the Great of England. This high-profile marriage raised the status of Baldwin II. His children had the distinction of belonging to two of the most important royal houses in western Europe. This and later marked the of Flanders as one of the great houses of Europe.

When he first started ruling Flanders there were a number of very damaging Viking raids. They everywhere except the area north of the Somme river. By 883 Baldwin was forced northward to the flat marshes of Flanders which became the territory most closely associated with the counts of Flanders from then on. Baldwin had built a series of wooden at Saint-Omer, Bruges, Ghent, and Courtrai. He also seized those lands and fortresses abandoned by royal and church officials. Baldwin had many of these same citadels used by his government, militia and local courts.

In 888 the west Frankish king Charles the Fat was . There were several candidates to be king in his place. Because he was a grandson of Charles the Bald, Holy Roman Emperor and King of West Francia, Baldwin was eligible to be king. But he did not compete for the crown of western Francia. Instead Baldwin joined others in trying to convince the East Frankish king Arnulf to also take the west Frankish crown. But Arnulf was not interested. Odo, Count of Paris, was elected king But Odo did not want Baldwin to gaining control of the abbey of St. Bertin. This was a rich prize and caused Baldwin to not support Odo. The new king attacked Baldwin at Bruges but could not defeat him. Baldwin continued moving his borders to the south and gained control of Artois. He also got control of the important abbey of St. Vaast. When control of the abbey was given to Archbishop Fulk of Reims in 900, Baldwin had him killed. When his attempts to expand further into the upper Somme River valley were opposed by Herbert I, Count of Vermandois Baldwin also had him killed.

Baldwin II died 10 September 918 at Blandinberg (near Ghent) and was succeeded by his eldest son Arnulf I of Flanders. His younger son Adalulf was (the first) count of Boulogne.

He married Elftryth, a daughter of Alfred the Great, King of England. They had the following children:


IPv4 address shortage

Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) has roughly 4 billion IP addresses. This is a problem because there are more than 4 billion Internet-connected computers in the world. This has led to a shortage of IPv4 addresses.

The long term solution is to switch to Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6). IPv6 has trillions of trillions of addresses, enough to give every computer in the world a unique IP address. Unfortunately, IPv6 is mostly incompatible with IPv4, and implementing it often requires replacing equipment such as routers. Not all ISPs currently offer IPv6. There are several backward compatibility protocols such as Protocol 41 and Teredo that allow a computer with only an IPv4 address to obtain an IPv6 address.

Network Address Translation (NAT) splits a single public IPv4 address into multiple private IPv4 addresses. It is considered a short term solution because it does not usually allow incoming connections without manual configuration of port forwarding.

Carrier-grade Network Address Translation (CGN or CGNAT) is Network Address Translation done by the Internet Service Provider (ISP). It is a short-term solution to provide IPv4 access where the ISP has more customers than public IP addresses. In this setup, multiple customers share a single public IPv4 address. CGN has the major drawback that it does not allow incoming connections at all, because the address translator does not know which customer an incoming connection was intended for. This makes it impossible or very difficult to host services such as websites or file servers. It also causes problems with some online games, online security cameras, and BitTorrent. Most land-line ISPs don't use CGN yet, but mobile providers often do. The address block 100.64.0.0/10 is reserved for CGN, although many ISPs improperly use 10.0.0.0/8 instead. ISPs that use CGN usually offer a public IPv4 address to customers that request one. They may offer this for free, charge a one-time fee, or charge a monthly or yearly fee. In the future they might not offer public IPv4 addresses or might charge a large fee for them, due to supply and demand.

Another proposal was to assign the class E IPv4 addresses, which are 240.0.0.0 - 255.255.255.254, for use on the public Internet. These addresses are currently reserved for "future" or "experimental" use. This would only add about 268 million addresses to the IPv4 Internet - not enough to prevent running out of addresses. Another issue with this approach is that most operating systems (including Windows), routers, servers, and other equipment block these addresses, as they assume that they are invalid. Using these addresses would require updating every computer, router, and server to recognize them as valid - effort which would better be spent on deploying IPv6.

A related proposal is to reassign the 127.0.0.0/8 block, except for 127.0.0.1, for use on the public Internet. These addresses are currently reserved as loopback addresses. As with the class E addresses, reassigning these would also require updating all equipment to recognize them as valid. It has also been proposed to reassign 0.0.0.0/8 (except for 0.0.0.0 itself). Another proposal was to reassign part of the class D block (currently multicast addresses) as unicast addresses. Several other address blocks were already reassigned in 2010 by RFC5735.

Flan

A Flan is a kind of tart found in British cuisine. It consists of an open pastry or sponge case holding a sweet or savoury filling. A typical flan is round, with shortcrust pastry.

Flan Brillat-Savarin, a savoury flan named in honour of the French gastronome Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin:


Timbale (food)

A timbale is a sweet pie-type food that is eaten as a dessert. The kind of pan it is cooked in is also called a timbale.

There are several variations of this. One example is the Timbale Brillat-Savarin, which is named in honour of the French gourmand Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin.

Upside-down cake

An upside-down cake is a cake that is baked in a single pan, then turned over and eaten with the bottom of the cake facing upwards. Usually, chopped fruits and a topping of butter and sugar are placed on the bottom of the pan before the batter is poured in. When the cake is turned over, the fruit sits on the top of the cake.

Traditional versions include the American pineapple upside-down cake, the French Tarte Tatin, and the Brazilian Bolo de banana.

The first mention of such a cake in writing was in 1930, but the cake is somewhat older.

Game pie

Game pie is a kind of meat pie made with game. It has been made since Roman times. 

Its main ingredients, then and now, are wild birds and animals such as partridge, pheasant, deer and hare. The pies became very elaborate during the 18th century in England. They developed complex recipes and special moulds and serving dishes. The versions cooked today are more simple, but they still include rabbit, venison, pigeon, pheasant, and other game meats.

The "Oreiller de la Belle Aurore" is an elaborate game pie named after Claudine-Aurore Récamier, the mother of Brillat-Savarin. The large square pie, which was one of her son's favorite meals, contains a variety of game birds and their livers, veal, pork, truffles, aspic, and more, in puff pastry. It is described in the classic encyclopedia of gastronomy, the Larousse Gastronomique. It is one of three pies named after people from Brillat-Savarin's home town of Belley (later called Bugey). They were described by Lucien Tenret.

Tappan Zee Bridge

The Tappan Zee Bridge is a bridge in the Hudson Valley region of New York. It is three miles long. It goes across the Hudson River. It connects Westchester and Rockland Counties. The bridge opened in 1955. It took traffic from other bridges and ferries in the area. The bridge is about north of New York City. The city can be seen from the bridge on a clear day. The bridge carries seven lanes of the New York State Thruway.

The bridge is named for a Native American tribe from the area called the "Tappan". "Zee" is the Dutch word for "sea", as the bridge crosses water.

At the beginning of the 21st century the bridge was old and too small for the traffic. People in the region argued for years for a new bridge, which replaced the old one in 2017. The old bridge was demolished in January 2019.

In 2013, the New York State Thruway Authority began building the New Tappan Zee Bridge. It will be a double-span bridge (four lanes per span in opposite directions) with designated bus lanes.The new bridge opened to traffic on August 26, 2017 for the westbound/northbound span. The eastbound/southbound span opened on September 11, 2018. The new span carries 10 lanes (4 lanes and with a bus lane in each direction) along with 2 pedestrian/bicycle lanes.

An October 14, 2012, "Newsday" article reports the Tappan Zee Bridge has been referred to as the Golden Gate Bridge of the East because of many suicide jumpers. The article says "The new Tappan Zee, which is in the works, will include fencing designed to thwart jumpers."

Antipope Benedict XIII

Benedict XIII (born Pedro Martínez de Luna y Pérez de Gotor; 1328–23 May 1423), known as "el Papa Luna" in Spanish, was an Aragonese nobleman who claimed to be Pope during the Western Schism. The Catholic Church officially considers him an antipope.

Mario Party: Island Tour

Mario Party: Island Tour is a party video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console. It is the 13th game in the "Mario Party" series. It has seven boards and 81 minigames. It was released on November 22, 2013.
The gameplay is similar to past games in the "Mario Party" series. Players go around boards by hitting dice, and play minigames. It features augmented reality (a live view of a real-world area which have things such as sound, video, or graphics added by a computer) and StreetPass.

Charles-Louis-Étienne Nuitter

Charles-Louis-Étienne Nuitter (24 April 1828 - 23 February 1899) was a French librettist, translator, and librarian. He is best remembered for having written the libretto for the ballet, "Coppélia" and for having helped translate Richard Wagner's earliest operas into French.

Arthur Saint-Léon

Arthur Saint-Léon (September 17, 1821 – September 2, 1870) was born in Paris, France. He was Ballet Master of the St. Petersburg Imperial Ballet from 1859 until 1869. He is best known for choreographing "Coppélia".

