Richard Tsien

Richard Winyu Tsien (born 3 March 1945) is a noted American neurobiologist (or neuroscientist). Tsien has received many honours and awards.

Richard Tsien was born in Tating, Kweichow, China. He is the eldest of three brothers. Tsien's youngest brother Roger Y. Tsien, a cell biologist, won the 2008 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He is a descendant of the King Wuyue Tsien Liu. He is the son of Hsue-Chu Tsien, a famous aeronautical mechanic who became the chief engineer for Boeing.

Soon after his birth, Tsien's family moved to the United States. Tsien received BS in 1965 and MS in 1966 both in electrical engineering and both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Tsien then won the Rhodes Scholarship and studied in the United Kingdom at Wadham College, Oxford from 1966 to 1969. Tsien obtained PhD in biophysics from Oxford in 1970. 

From 1968 to 1970, Tsien was a Weir Junior Research Fellow at University College, Oxford. From 1969 to 1970, Tsien was a teaching fellow at Balliol College, Oxford.

In 1970, Tsien went back to the United States, became an assistant professor in the Department of Physiology at Yale University School of Medicine from 1970 to 1974. From 1974 to 1979, Tsien was an associate professor in the same department, and promoted to full professor in 1979 until 1988.

In 1988, Tsien went to Stanford and founded the Stanford University Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology, where he also served the first chairman. From 1991 to 2001, Tsien was the Director Silvio Conte - National Institutes of Mental Health Center for Neuroscience Research. Since 1988, Tsien has been the George D. Smith Professor of Stanford Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology. And since 2000, Tsien has been the Co-Director for the Stanford Brain Research Centre. 

Tsien did important work on calcium channels, their mechanisms and roles in cell signaling pathways. Tsien's research also helps us understand the long-term plasticity of synapses.

From 1987 to 1988, Tsien was the President of the Society of General Physiologists. In August 2000, Tsien also served the Section Chair of Neurobiology of the United States National Academy of Sciences.


Great Famine

Great Famine may refer to:



Contemporary R&amp;B

Contemporary R&B is a music genre of R&B. It mixes rhythm and blues, soul, funk, pop, hip hop, electronic and dance. Contemporary R&B is currently a dominant music genre for the Top 40 radios. Artists of this type of music includes, Whitney Houston, Beyoncé, Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey, and Stevie Wonder. Contemporary R&B became a popular music genre after the disco era in the 1980s. Contemporary R&B is an African American type of music, however, there has been other artists who are not African American that record contemporary R&B. Such as Justin Timberlake, Ariana Grande, Christina Aguilera, Justin Beiber, and Bruno Mars

Guy du Merle

Guy du Merle (1 January 1908 – 6 June 1993) was a French aerospace engineer, pilot and writer. He was the first head of the French Civil Aviation University.

Du Merle graduated from the "École Polytechnique" (1927) and the "École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace" (1932). He began his career as a military pilot, from 1933 to 1935, on more than hundred types of aircraft. From 1940 to 1950, he taught aerospace engineering at the "École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace". In 1948, he became the first director of the French Civil Aviation University, until 1951.

A roundabout of the city of Toulouse bears his name.


Trey Lorenz

Trey Lorenz (born Lloyd Lorenz Smith; January 19, 1969) is an American singer and songwriter. He has been a backing vocalist for Mariah Carey and Selena. His 1992 single "Someone to Hold", reached number 19 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, number five on the Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs and number 65 on the UK Singles Chart.


Gordian knot

The Gordian Knot is a legend of associated with Alexander the Great. It is often used as a metaphor for a problem which has no easy or obvious solution.

In Phrygia (modern Turkey), there was a legendary prophesy about a unique knot which could only be loosened by the man who would rule all of Asia. It was called the "Gordian" knot because it was preserved in Gordium. It supposed to have been created by a man named Gordius.

The knot was complex and tangled. This mythical knot was tied around the part of a wooden cart or wagon.

According to traditional version of the story, Alexander the Great cut the knot with his sword.

In another version of the story, Alexander took away the wooden part which was at the center of the knot; and in this way, the knot was undone.

Alexander solved the problem in a way no one had expected. Then he went on to lead Greek armies which conquered much of the known world.

Today the phrase implies "make it happen" or "get things done".

"Cutting the Gordian knot" has come to mean resolving a difficult problem with one forceful action.

It may mean a problem that has no solution.


Top 40

The Top 40 is a radio format that measures the top forty songs in any music genre. The Top 40 became a dominant radio format in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.




American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers

The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) is a not-for-profit performance rights organisation. The ASCAP protects its members' musical copyrights. They do this by monitoring public performances of their music. In 2012, ASCAP collected over US$941 million in licensing fees, and gave out $829 million in royalties to its members. In the United States, ASCAP competes with two other PROs — Broadcast Music Incorporated (BMI) and the Society of European Stage Authors and Composers (SESAC).




Sudden infant death syndrome

Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) is the sudden and unexpected death of a human baby which is unexplained even after an autopsy and investigation. SIDS is sometimes referred to as cot death or crib death.

The name is only applied to cases where the baby is less than one year old. By definition, SIDS deaths occur under the age of one year. Most happen when the infant is 2 to 4 months of age. This is a critical period because the infant's ability to arouse from sleep is not yet mature. SIDS is defined as a syndrome.

Babies are at the highest risk for SIDS during their sleep. Male infants die more often than female infants; about 60% of the cases are male infants. Infants also die more often during winter months.

The reason for SIDS are unknown, but there are different theories:

Infanticide and child abuse cases may be misdiagnosed as SIDS due to lack of evidence. and caretakers of infants with SIDS are sometimes falsely accused. Accidental suffocations are also sometimes misdiagnosed as SIDS and "vice versa". Grief support for families affected by SIDS is particularly important. The death of the infant is typically sudden, without witnesses, and requires an investigation.

A broader term, “sudden and unexpected infant death” (SUID) is used to describe "all such deaths, regardless of cause". Cases of SUID that remain unexplained after a complete autopsy and review of the circumstances of death and clinical history are classified as SIDS. Thus, SIDS is one of the causes of SUID and accounts for 80% of such deaths.

Nobody knows what causes SIDS. However, there are some known risk factors for SIDS.

Not every infant who has one of these risk factors dies from SIDS. Risk factors just make it more likely for a baby to have SIDS.

SIDS happens more in infants of mothers who smoke while they are pregnant. The higher the levels of nicotine in the infant's blood, the higher the risk of SIDS. Nicotine causes important changes in the way a fetus develops during pregnancy, which have been linked to SIDS as well as miscarriages.

Infants who are put to sleep on their stomachs or sides are more likely to die of SIDS. This risk is highest in infants who are two to three months old. The "Back to Sleep" movement has encouraged parents to put their infants to sleep on their backs to prevent SIDS.

Other things that increase the risk for SIDS while an infant is sleeping include: 

Some researchers think these things can make it difficult for infants to control their body temperature, making them unable to control their breathing.

Infants are more likely to die of SIDS if they share a bed with parents or older children. This risk is highest:

The American Academy of Pediatrics says that if parents share a room with an infant without sharing a bed, they can cut their infant's risk of SIDS in half.

Infants who are breastfed are less likely to die of SIDS. The more an infant has been breastfed, the less likely they are to die of SIDS.

SIDS is less likely to happen in infants of older mothers. Infants of teenage mothers are at the highest risk.

An infant is also at a higher risk of SIDS if:

SIDS only happens at certain ages. The risk of SIDS is highest in infants from two to four months old. After the infant reaches one year old, the risk decreases and eventually reaches zero.

Genetics affect the risk of SIDS. Baby boys have about a 50% higher risk of SIDS than baby girls. Scientists think this might be because of an allele that exists on the X chromosome. They think this allele helps protect against episodes where the brain does not get enough oxygen (transient cerebral anoxia). Baby boys would be more likely to be missing this allele.

Scientists think that about 10 to 20% of SIDS cases are caused by inherited defects in the ion channels that help the heart squeeze out blood.

The risk of SIDS seems to be affected by things like how much education an infant's mother got, race, ethnicity, and poverty.

Vaccinations do not increase the risk of SIDS. Most studies have shown that getting vaccinations cuts an infant's risk of a SIDS death in half.

SIDS may be more common in babies with "Staphylococcus aureus" or "Escherichia coli" ("E. coli") infections, but scientists are not sure.

Putting infants to sleep on their backs can help prevent SIDS. The number of SIDS deaths has fallen in countries where this is commonly done. Also, if parents share a room with their infant but do not share a bed, they can cut their baby's risk of SIDS in half.

Parents can help prevent SIDS by not using pillows, very soft mattresses, stuffed animals, or fluffy blankets in their infant's crib. Dressing the infant warmly and keeping the crib "naked" lowers the risk of SIDS.

If an infant has a blanket in the crib, they should be covered only up to their chest, with their arms left outside the blanket. This makes it harder for the infant to move the blanket over their head, which could cause breathing problems.

In colder places where infants need help staying warm, the American Academy of Pediatrics suggests using a "sleep sack." This is like a sleeping bag for a baby, but with holes for the baby's arms and head. The bag is closed around the baby with a zipper. This helps keep the baby warm without covering their head. Sleep sacks are especially helpful for babies with low birth weight, who have more trouble keeping themselves warm.

Many studies have shown that vaccines normally given to infants help prevent SIDS. For example, one very large research study showed that giving infants vaccines for diptheria, tetanus, and pertussis helps prevent SIDS.

Getting normal infant vaccines cuts infants' risk of SIDS in half, according to many studies.

TLC (group)

TLC is an American girl group. Its original lineup had three members. TLC was one of the first R&B and hip hop stars of the 1990s. They formed the group in Atlanta, Georgia in 1991. TLC (an acronym for "T-Boz, Left Eye and Chilli") consisted of Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins, (1971-2002) and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas. Lisa Pebbles, was the group's manager. 

After Lopes' death in 2002, the remaining members chose to continue as a duo.

TLC's first album "Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip" (1992) sold 4,000,000 copies in the United States. It released four singles "Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg", "What About Your Friends", "Hat 2 Da Back", and "Baby, Baby, Baby". In 1994, Lopes had set her boyfriend Andre Rison's house on fire. After she was released from rehab, she was put on probation. That same year, "CrazySexyCool" was released. It became their breakthrough release. It sold 11,000,000 copies in the United States and was certified 8 times Platinum in Canada, Platinum in United Kingdom and 1 time Diamond in the United States. 

"Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the album #377 of the "500 greatest albums of all time" list. The singles "Red Light Special", "Waterfalls", "Creep" and "Diggin' on You" all entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

TLC filed for bankruptcy in 1995, despite their success of "CrazySexyCool". The group owed too much money to their manager Pebbles. The albums sales were not enough to pay her back. TLC filed for a lawyer and was able to terminate the record deal signed with Pebbles. Because of the label and producer trouble, and health problems (Watkins' struggled with sickle cell anemia), TLC postponed any work on their next album.

"Fanmail" was released in 1999. The album became a hit record. The singles "No Scrubs", "Unpretty", and "Silly Ho" helped the album to reach number 1 on the "Billboard" 200 pop chart. The album's fourth single "Dear Lie" was not successful. The album was given positive feedback from music critics. The band began arguing with each other because of Lopes, who continued to be on tabloid magazines. Watkins married rapper Mack 10. However, her health problems were helping her to not be near recording studios. 

Lopes had begun a solo career. In 2002, Lopes was killed during a car accident in Honduras. The remainder of the group announced that they continue recording their fourth album. Lopes had recorded a few verses before she was killed.

The album, "3D" was released later that year. The single "Girl Talk" was a tribute to Lopes. The other single "Hands Up" was not successful. The album's third single "Damaged" was more successful and was on the Hot 100 until 2003. 

In 2004, the reality television show "R U The Girl?" aired on Fox. The show was about searching for great African American singers. The show had over 4,000,000 average viewers. O'so Krispie from Atlanta was chosen as the winner. TLC later said that they never wanted to replace Lopes. They continued as a duo.

In July 2013 TLC signed a new record contract. 

In 2017, the duo released their self titled fifth album "TLC". 

In 2022, the group was inducted into the Black Music & Entertainment Walk of Fame.



Ali-Ollie Woodson

Ali-Ollie Woodson (born Ollie Creggett; September 12, 1951 – May 30, 2010) was an American R&B singer, songwriter, keyboardist and actor. He was known for singing with The Temptations, starting in 1984. He has also worked with Aretha Franklin and Bill Pinkney. Woodson was diagnosed with throat cancer. He died in southern California after battling with leukemia for 18 months.


My Heart Will Go On

"My Heart Will Go On" is a hit song by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It was in the movie "Titanic". Its music was composed by James Horner. The lyrics were written by Will Jennings. The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song.

The song reached number one in over 10 countries. It became Dion's signature song. It helped her become a popular singer. It was one of the best selling singles worldwide. It was the best-selling single of 1998.

European CD single

European CD single #2

French CD single

French CD single #2

French CD single #3

Japanese CD single

UK cassette single

US CD single

Australian/Brazilian/European/UK/Korean CD maxi single

Australian CD maxi single #2

Brazilian CD maxi single #2

European CD maxi single #2 / UK 12" single

Japanese/Korean CD maxi single

UK CD maxi single #2

Tokio Hot 100

, also known as McDonald's Tokio Hot 100, is the official music chart program of J-Wave. It is also the flagship program of the Japan FM League's Hot 100 music chart series. It ranks the most popular 100 songs every week. It is published on "Billboard" magazine.


Helmet (band)

Helmet is an alternative metal band from New York. The band was formed in 1989 by vocalist and lead guitarist Page Hamilton, who is their only constant member.

Helmet became popular when they released their 1992 major-label debut "Meantime", which peaked at number 68 on the "Billboard" 200 and featured their best known songs "Unsung" and "In the Meantime". "Meantime" is also Helmet's only album to go gold in the United States. They made two more albums before breaking up in 1998. However, Helmet reformed in 2004 and released a new album later that year. The album was called "Size Matters" and was their last release on their longtime label Interscope Records. Helmet was briefly signed to Warcon Records, who released their next album "Monochrome" in 2006, but today, they are signed to Work Song Records. That label released their latest album "Seeing Eye Dog" in 2010.

So far, Helmet has released seven full-length studio albums, which include:


Kyuss

Kyuss is an American stoner rock band from Palm Desert, California. They started in 1987 as Katzenjammer, became Sons of Kyuss in 1989 and then changed their name to Kyuss in 1991. The band now performs as Vista Chino.

Kyuss was considered guitarist Josh Homme's band before their 1995 breakup.

The band was formed in 1987 and its first name was "Katzenjammer" (A German slang word for "hangover") but changed this to Sons of Kyuss in 1989 and recorded an EP. This EP is the only release by the band that features bass player Chris Cockrell.

After Chris Cockrell left, Nick Oliveri (who played guitar in the band when they were called "Katzenjammer") replaced him and the band shortened their name to "Kyuss".

After performing shows in the Palm Desert area and gaining fans, the band signed to Dali records and released their first album "Wretch" in 1991. The band were unhappy with the album, as it didn't sound the way they wanted it to, because it wasn't produced properly and not enough money was spent on making it.

In 1992, the band hired a new producer who would be more capable to making their next album sound how the band wanted it to. This next album was called Blues For The Red Sun. It was more successful than Wretch and is considered their best album. However, bassist Nick Oliveri left after the band finished recording the album, and Scott Reeder became his replacement.

When Dali Records had problems with money, the band signed to Elektra (a bigger label) and recorded another album. The album is supposed to be called "Kyuss" but fans call it "Welcome To Sky Valley" because of the sign on the front cover. Like Blues For The Red Sun, the album was successful, although it took over a year for the album to be brought out due to the band changing record labels. Drummer Brant Bjork left shortly after it was recorded as well, and was replaced with Alfredo Hernandez.

In 1995, the band released the last album of their initial run, called ...And The Circus Leaves Town. The album wasn't quite as successful as the previous two and fans and critics had mixed opinions of it. After the band broke up later that year, people started to respect the album more.

For several years after the breakup, people wondered if the band would ever reform. Guitar player Josh Homme (who had formed a band called Queens Of The Stone Age since the breakup) was unhappy with the idea of it, believing it would be wrong after a "great history" they had between 1987-1995. However, bass player Scott Reeder believed the other members of the band would be happy to reunite.

Eventually, in 2010, A Kyuss reunion had begun. However, Josh Homme still didn't agree with a reunion, so guitar player Bruno Fevery replaced him, playing with singer John Garcia, bass player Nick Oliveri, and drummer Brank Bjork as "Kyuss Lives!". John Garcia decided to go with this name as he believes there is not a "Kyuss" without Josh Homme.

Because of a lawsuit filed by Homme, Kyuss Lives! changed their name to Vista Chino. Nick Oliveri has since left again to be replaced by Billy Cordell. Vista Chino released their debut album "Peace" in September 2013.

So far, the band has released five full-length studio albums, all released as Kyuss unless otherwise noted. They are:


Spock

Spock is a character in "Star Trek". He is often called Mr. Spock by others. He has been played by Leonard Nimoy and by Zachary Quinto. Jacob Kogan played Spock when he was a child in the 2009 movie "Star Trek". Spock is half Vulcan and half human.

Spock first appeared in "" and he was in many of the Star Trek movies. He also appeared in two episodes of "". 

Spock's signature gesture was the Vulcan salute.

Anting

Anting is a behavior in which birds rub insects (usually ants) on their feathers. This releases liquids with chemicals such as formic acid onto the bird's feathers. Instead of ants, birds can also use millipedes. Over 200 species of bird have been known to ant.
We do not know why birds ant. Birds may ant because the chemicals released by the insects kill parasites on their feathers. Another reason is that it releases the chemicals the ants make onto the bird's feathers. The bird can then eat the ant without being hurt by the chemicals.

There are two forms of anting: active anting and passive acting. Active anting is when a bird picks up ants in its bill and wipes them on its feathers. Passive anting is when the bird lies down in a group of ants and opens up its wings so that the ants will crawl up into its feathers.

Bug spray

Bug spray is a chemical in a spray can that is used for killing bugs or keeping them away.

Some bug sprays are sprayed at the bug to kill it. Other bug sprays are sprayed around a house or picnic area. Bugs that come too close to this kind of bug spray will usually die.

Bug repellent is never sprayed at a bug. Bug repellents can be used to keep bugs from coming into a house or picnic area. Some kinds of sunscreen have bug repellent that keeps mosquitos away. Some bug repellents are spread over the skin of a person.

Epigynum

Epigynum (plural epigyna) is the sex organ on a female spider. It is found on the underside of her abdomen. A male spider covers its pedipalps in sperm and puts them inside the female spider's epigynum.

Fang

A fang is a sharp tooth used for catching prey found on many animals, such as wolves and spiders. Spiders, tarantulas, and venomous snakes have hollow fangs. Venom glands fill these hollow fangs with venom so that when these animals catch their prey with their fangs, they paralyze the prey to make it easier to eat. The fangs on a snake can be folded under the skin like a cat's claws. Spider and tarantula fangs are found outside of their mouth instead of inside it.

Woke Up This Morning

"Woke Up This Morning" is a song by Alabama 3 (also known as A3) from their 1997 album "Exile on Coldharbour Lane". The song is best known as the opening theme music for the HBO drama series "The Sopranos" which used the "Chosen One Mix".

There are two versions of the song, the mix "The Sopranos" used and the original.


Crafoord Prize

The Crafoord Prize is an annual science prize established in 1980 by Holger and Anna-Greta Crafoord. It is administered by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

The prize is for "international basic research in the disciplines Astronomy, Mathematics, Geosciences, and Biosciences, with particular emphasis on ecology, and rheumatoid arthritis" (the disease from which Holger severely suffered in his last years). According to the Academy, "these disciplines are chosen so as to complement those for which the Nobel Prizes are awarded."

Only one award is given each year, according to a rotating scheme – astronomy and mathematics; then geosciences; then biosciences. A Crafoord Prize is only awarded for arthritis when a committee decides that substantial progress in the field has been made. On Crafoord Day in April, the prize is presented by the King of Sweden, who also presents the Nobel Prize Awards at the ceremony in December. The prize is to fund further research by the prize winner. In 2012 it is US$600,000.

David Petraeus

David Howell Petraeus (pronunciation: /pɨˈtreɪ.əs/; born November 7, 1952) was the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He was sworn in on September 6, 2011. Prior to his assuming the directorship of the CIA, Petraeus was a four-star general serving over 37 years in the United States Army. On November 9, 2012, Petraeus resigned as CIA director following a marital scandal.

Leon Panetta

Leon Edward Panetta (born June 28, 1938) was the 23rd United States Secretary of Defense from 2011 until 2013. Before that, he served as director of the CIA from 2009 to 2011 and as Bill Clinton's White House Chief of staff from 1994 to 1997.

Panetta was born on June 28, 1938 in Monterey, California to an Itallian-American family. He studied at Santa Clara University. He served in the army from 1964 until 1966. He had won an Army Commendation Medal for his services in the force. Panetta is married to Sylvia Panetta.


April Bowlby

April Michelle Bowlby (born July 30, 1980 in Vallejo, California ) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Kandi in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men".

Denton Burn

Denton Burn is an area of housing in the city of Newcastle, United Kingdom. The area has 3 schools and has many shops and take-aways. It is close to Benwell and Scotswood.

WWE Hall of Fame

The WWE Hall of Fame is a hall of fame for wrestlers thought by WWE to be very important. It started in 1993 when André the Giant died. He was the first to go in. Other people have been added in later years. Some choices for the Hall of Fame have not been popular. The include famous people who did not wrestle. The Hall of Fame ceremony is normally broadcast on television the night before WrestleMania. 

The early Hall of Famers are the ones who helped build WWE and are considered pioneers. These include Arnold Skaaland, Buddy Rogers, Chief Jay Strongbow, Freddie Blassie, Gorilla Monsoon, Antonino Rocca, Ernie Ladd, The Fabulous Moolah, George "The Animal" Steele, The Grand Wizard, Ivan Putski and Pedro Morales. James Dudley was inducted for being a dear friend of the McMahon family and for being loyal to the company for a long time. Vince McMahon, Sr. was inducted because he first started WWE and might be the most important member. It is his family that still owns and runs the company to this day. Bobo Brazil was the first great black wrestling star. Killer Kowalski was a great villain wrestler. 

WWF Hall of Fame (1993) was the inaugural class of the WWE Hall of Fame. During the March 22, 1993 episode of "Monday Night Raw" a video package announcing André the Giant's induction was shown. No ceremony took place, and André was inducted posthumously. In March 2015 a condensed version of the 1994 ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to no original ceremony, the 1993 induction of André was discussed by Gene Okerlund and Renee Young as part of the 1994 commentary.

WWF Hall of Fame (1994) was the event that featured the introduction of the second class to the WWE Hall of Fame. The event was produced by the WWF on June 9, 1994, from the Omni Inner Harbor International Hotel in Baltimore, Maryland.

In March 2015 a condensed version of the ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to the original ceremony only being partially recorded and not originally intended to air, Gene Okerlund and Renee Young host the program with added commentary.

WWF Hall of Fame (1995) was the event that featured the introduction of the third class to the WWE Hall of Fame. The event was produced by the WWF on June 24, 1995, from the Marriott Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The event took place the same weekend as King of the Ring.

In March 2015 a condensed version of the ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to the original ceremony only being partially recorded and not originally intended to air, Gene Okerlund and Renee Young host the program with added commentary.

The 1995 class featured two posthumous inductees. Antonino Rocca was presented by his wife, and The Grand Wizard was represented by Bobby Harmon.

WWF Hall of Fame (1996) was the event which featured the introduction of the fourth class to the WWE Hall of Fame. The event was produced by the WWF on November 16, 1996, from the Marriott Marquis in New York City, New York. The event took place the same weekend as Survivor Series.

In March 2015 a condensed version of the ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to the original ceremony only being partially recorded and not originally intended to air, Gene Okerlund and Renee Young host the program with added commentary.

Due to Vincent J. McMahon's death in 1984, he was posthumously inducted by the McMahon family.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 Hall of Fame ceremony did not take place. As such, the Class of 2020 was inducted alongside the Class of 2021 at the 2021 ceremony.


Crop protection

Crop protection is a branch of horticulture, aimed at protecting crops. This is done so that the yield of the crop does not diminish. Common approaches are:


Leeds Trinity University College

Leeds Trinity University College is a university in Horsforth, Leeds, England. It has about 3,000 students. It is one of the smallest universities in the country.

Batasuna

Batasuna (formerly Herri Batasuna) was a political party in Spain. Herri Batasuna was founded after the fall of the Franco regime, in 1978. In 2001, the party changed its name into Batasuna. In 2003, the party was outlawed in Spain, but it continues to be a political party in France. The party was suspected to have close ties with ETA. The party was active in the Basque Country, and Navarre. It wanted to form an independent state of the Basque country. The region where Basque is spoken is split between the Basque country, Navarre in Spain and the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in France. The area is known as "Euskal Herria" (literally,: Basque country). 
Spain, the European Court of Human Rights and the European Union see Batasuna as the political wing of ETA. 

Because it was outlawed, the party has had different names, such as Euskal Herritarrok, Sozialista Abertzaleak, Ezker Abertzaleak and AUB, Aukera Guztiak.

Bastasina sees itself as a nationalist, left-wing party. It is also called socialist (with Marxist and Libertarian tendencies). Other ideas of the party include to fight for feminism, and to be seen as "envirnomentalist". Batasuna is the only party in the did not condemn the violent attacks carried out by ETA. According to Batasuna, it is sterile and hypocritical to condemn only one form of violemce; by the same token, the violence of Spain should be condemned, which oppresses the Basque people. According to the Spanish state, there were no violations of human rights after the fall of the Franco regime, and the use of violence for political reasons is inacceptable. 

Batasuna has run in elections in the French part of the Basque country, in Ustaritz, about 12 km from Bayonne.

The party dissolved in January 2013.

Simon Amstell

Simon Marc Amstell (born 29 November 1979) is a British comedian, television presenter, writer and actor.

Amstell was born and raised in Gants Hill, London in a Jewish family. He is openly gay.

Amstell has presented "Popworld" and "Never Mind the Buzzcocks". He writes and stars in "Grandma's House".


Laboratory for analysis and architecture of systems

The Laboratory for Analysis and Architecture of Systems ("Laboratoire d'Analyse et d'Architecture des Systèmes"), LAAS, is one of the big research laboratories of the French National Center for Scientific Research ("Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, CNRS") in Toulouse, France, and is usually named LAAS-CNRS. It is associated with the six founding members of the University of Toulouse: The Paul Sabatier University, the National Institute of Applied Sciences of Toulouse (INSA Toulouse), the National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse (INP toulouse), the "Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace" (ISAE), which is the merger between ENSICA (the National Superior School of Aeronautic Construction Engineers) and SUPAERO (National Superior School of Aeronautics and Space), the University of Toulouse II Mirail and the Toulouse 1 University Capitole.


Irgun

The Irgun (), (full title: Irgun Zevai Leumi) (from , "The National Military Organization in the Land of Israel"), was a Zionist paramilitary group in Palestine between 1931 and 1948.

Irgun is best known for the bombing of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem in 1946.

In the 1940s, Irgun was labelled as a terrorist organization.

Irgun is considered an early version of Ḥerut which was an Israeli political party. Irgun is also an early version of today's Likud political party in Israel. 

Would I Lie to You? (TV series)

Would I Lie to You? is a British comedy panel game shown on BBC One. It began on 16 June 2007. The first two series were presented by Angus Deayton. Since then it has been presented by Rob Brydon. There are two teams of three people, a team captain and two celebrity guests. The captains are David Mitchell and Lee Mack.

During each episode, the contestants take turns to make statements about themselves. The other team try to work out whether the statement is true or false, by questioning the person who has made the statement.

Potentiometer

Potentiometers are variable resistors. Potentiometers are resistors where the resistance can be changed using a knob or a slider. Potentiometers are used to control many things, including how bright or dim the lights in your house are and the volume controls on your television. Some are used in voltage dividers.

The idea of a device that could be used to control the amount of electricity going to a component was thought by many people, but the carbon potentiometer we commonly use today was invented by Thomas Edison in 1872 at the age of 25. He called this device a "coiled resistance wire rheostat". His patent for this device was issued in 1872. Carbon resistors, as said above, are the most commonly used resistors today. They are used in radios to control the volume, in televisions to control picture brightness, contrast, and color response. 

There are many different types of potentiometers. These different types include carbon potentiometers, plastic potentiometers, and wire potentiometers. Carbon potentiometers are the most common potentiometers that we use today because they are inexpensive to make and are easy to put together. Wire potentiometers are the most powerful type out of the three listed above. The wire inside the potentiometer is wound so that it has more power. Plastic potentiometers have the same amount of power that carbon potentiometers do, but are of a higher quality. They are made of a special kind of plastic that conducts electricity just as effectively as carbon potentiometers. It as a better life than carbon potentiometers do. Trimmer potentiometers are small. They are adjustable with a screwdriver.

Supélec

École Supérieure d'Électricité, commonly known as Supélec, is a French university in electric energy and information sciences.

Founded in 1894 and initially located in the 15th district of Paris, it was moved to Gif-sur-Yvette in 1975. After that, two more campuses were established in Rennes in 1972 and Metz in 1985. It is a member of the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles".



Shitoku

Shitoku (至徳) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Eitoku and before Kakei. This period started in February 1384 and ended in August 1387. The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Komatsu' Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Electrical filament

An incandescent light bulb has a small, thin wire with two bigger wires holding it up. This wire is called a filament. The filament is the part of the light bulb that produces light.

Filaments in incandescent light bulbs are made of tungsten. Whenever an electric current goes through the filament, the filament glows. It may also be known as the electron emitting element in a vacuum tube. To make the bulb produce more light, the filament is usually made of coils of fine wire, also known as the coiled coil.

Kakei

Kakei (嘉慶) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Shitoku and before Kōō. This period started in August 1387 and ended in February 1389. The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Komatsu's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Kōō (Nanboku-chō period)

, also romanized as Kō-ō, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Kakei and before Meitoku. This period started in February 1389 and ended in March 1390. The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Komatsu's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Meitoku

Meitoku (明徳) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Kōō" and before "Ōei". This period started in March 1390 and ended in July 1394. After October 1392, Meitoku replaced the Southern Court's "nengō" ("Genchū"). The pretender in Kyoto was Go-Komatsu's Southern Court rival in Yoshino until 1392 was ..





Cryptopsy

Cryptopsy is a Canadian death metal band from Montreal, Quebec, formed in 1988. The band has sold over 300,000 records.







Katra

Katra is a Finnish symphonic metal band featuring vocalist Katra Solopuro.









Mad scene

A mad scene is a scene in a play, ballet, opera, or other theatre work that shows a character either insane or going insane. Three famous mad scenes are those in the play "Hamlet", in the ballet "Giselle", and the opera "Lucia di Lammermoor". In "Hamlet", Ophelia is truly mad while Hamlet pretends to be mad.

Summerland, British Columbia

Summerland is a town in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is in the interior of British Columbia, on the west side of Okanagan Lake. The population of Summerland was 10,828 in 2006. The mayor of Summerland is Janice Perrino. It is known for its world renowned wineries. It is also home to the historic Kettle Valley Steam Railway. The town was originally known as Trout Creek and was renamed Summerland in 1902 when Sir Thomas Shaughnessy bought the Barclay Ranch. The nickname for Summerland is Town of Festivals. The sister city of Summerland is Toyokoro, Japan.


Bruno Sammartino

Bruno Sammartino (October 6, 1935 – April 18, 2018) was an Italian-American professional wrestler. He was born on October 6, 1935 in Italy. He became a wrestler in 1959. He would often beat opponents with his bearhug.

On May 17, 1963, Bruno beat Buddy Rogers to become the second World Wide Wrestling Federation champion. He held this title for over seven years, a record for professional wrestling world champions. He had his first match in Japan in 1967. He lost to Ivan Koloff on January 18, 1971. On December 10, 1973, Sammartino beat Stan Stasiak to once again be the champion. Billy Graham won the championship from Bruno on April 30, 1977 in Baltimore. World Wide Wrestling Federation became the World Wrestling Federation in March 1979. Sammartino wrestled less often after but he did have classic feud with Larry Zbyszko that ended in a steel cage match at Shea Stadium in 1980. He retired in 1987.
Sammartino was also a commentator with Vince McMahon.

In 2013, he accepted an invitation for induction into the WWE Hall of Fame, after he declined many times in prior years.

Sammartino died on April 18, 2018 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania of multiple organ failure caused by heart disease at the age of 82.


Kemmu

In 1333-1336, the Kemmu Restoration was an attempt by Emperor Go-Daigo to restore Imperial authority after the fall of the Kamakura shogunate. The failure of this effort led to the creation of two rival Imperial courts.

The previous era ended and the new one commenced in "Shōkei" 1 as time was reckoned in the Northern Court in Kyoto; and the era began in "Genkō" 4, as time was ordered in the Southern Court in Yoshino.



Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation

, also known as JOGMEC, is an Independent Administrative Institution which was created by the Japanese government in 2004. 

In 2004, JOGMEC was established by the Law Concerning the Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation .

JOGMEC was created when the Japan National Oil Corporation (JNOC) merged with the former Metal Mining Agency of Japan (MMAJ).

Rare metal stockpiles are managed by JOGMEC.

In March 2013 JOGMEC successfully extracted methane hydrate from seabed for the first time in the world.


Elector of the Palatinate

The Elector of the Palatinate () ruled the Palatinate of the Rhine in the Kingdom of Germany and the Holy Roman Empire from 915 to 1803.

Mary Cheney

Mary Claire Cheney (born March 14, 1969) is an American businesswoman and the younger daughter of former U.S. Vice President, Dick Cheney and his wife, former second lady, Lynne Cheney. She is openly lesbian and has stated support for same-sex marriage along with her father. She is in a long relationship with Heather Poe, a former parking ranger with whom she has had 2 children, Samuel David and Sarah Lynne. On June 22, 2012, Cheney married her long time partner Heather Poe. Cheney has a sister, Elizabeth Cheney (born 1966).

Shore crabs

Shore crabs ("Carcinus maenas") are a common crustacean. They are often found around the sea shore.

They come in a variety of colours. They are often green or brown. They have eight legs and two large pincers. The width across the shell is up to . The usual width is about .

They are normally found in the North Atlantic or the Baltic Sea but are beginning to live in many other areas of the world. Shore crabs live on beaches and rocky shores.

Shore crabs are a nocturnal predator which means it hunts at night. They eat small crustaceans, molluscs, worms and some fish.

A female shore crab can lay up to nearly 200 thousand eggs at once. They carry the eggs with them until they hatch. Like most crabs, when a shore crab gets too big for its shell, it sheds its shell. After that, it has a new soft shell which soon hardens.

Phytosaur

Phytosaurs are an extinct group of large semi-aquatic Upper Triassic archosaurs. 

Phytosaurs were long-snouted and heavily armoured, bearing a remarkable resemblance to modern crocodiles in size, appearance, and lifestyle. This is an example of convergence or parallel evolution. 

The name 'phytosaur' means 'plant reptile': the first fossils of phytosaurs were mistakenly thought to belong to plant eaters. The sharp teeth in phytosaur jaws clearly show they were predators.

Although phytosaurs were not true crocodilians, they were more closely related to the crocodilians than to other modern reptiles. Crocodiles did not become phytosaur-like until the Lower Jurassic. "Consensus generally places phytosaurs as basal crurotarsans, possibly the basal-most group".

Phytosaurs had a nearly global distribution. Fossils have been recovered from Europe, North America, India, Morocco, Thailand, Brazil and Madagascar.

Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip

Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip is the debut album by American band TLC. It was released on February 25, 1992 by LaFace Records. The album reached number 14 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, number two on the Top Heatseekers, and number three on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album shipped 4,000,000 copies in the United States.

Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" gave a positive review on the album. Steve Huey of Allmusic gave a "mixed" review on the album and believed it helped TLC to become more popular. According to Nielsen SoundScan, the album has sold 2,500,000 copies in the United States. It was later certified 4x Platinum by the RIAA.


CrazySexyCool

CrazySexyCool is the second studio album by American girl group TLC. It was released on November 15, 1994 by LaFace Records. The album reached number three on the US "Billboard" 200, number two on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number four on the UK Albums Chart. The album became TLC's best-selling album, it was known as their "breakthrough album". "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the album number 377 of the "500 greatest albums of all time" list. The album was certified 1x Diamond in the United States. TLC became the first and only girl group to have a diamond-certified album. The album features more of a R&B and soul sound than hip hop sound due the fact that Left Eye wasn't able to record much of her own raps for the album due to being in rehab for setting her then-boyfriend's house on fire.

The album sold 127,000 copies on the first day of release. According to Nielsen SoundScan, the album has sold 7,200,000 copies in the United States. It was certified 1x Diamond, which means 10,000,000 copies of the album were shipped to the United States. The album was also certified 11x Platinum (11,000,000 copies shipped) by the RIAA.


FanMail

FanMail is the third studio album by American girl group TLC. It was released on February 23, 1999. It was released by LaFace Records. It features a more electronic and hip hop influence to the album, along with the group's signature R&B sound.

On the first day of release, the album sold 318,000 copies in the United States. It debuted at number one on the US "Bollboard" 200 and the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It also reached the top ten in Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. The album was given eight Grammy Awards nominations. It won the Grammy Award for "Album of the Year". According to Nielsen SoundScan, the album sold 4,700,000 copies in the United States. It was certified 6x Platinum (6,000,000 copies shipped) by the RIAA.

JSL

JSL may refer to:

Death Proof

Death Proof is a 2007 American crime movie directed by Quentin Tarantino. The movie has action and thrilling car chases. It is set in Texas and Tennessee.

Inglourious Basterds

Inglourious Basterds is a 2009 German-American war film directed by Quentin Tarantino. It takes place in Nazi-occupied France during World War II. The movie was rated 4 out of 4 stars by movie reporter Roger Ebert. The film is rated R for Profanity and brutal Violence especially American Jews Killing the Nazis in France during the occupation of Nazi Germany.

Japanese Sign Language

, also known as JSL or NS, is the main sign language in Japan.

In 1878, the first school for the deaf was established in Kyoto.

In 1900, the was founded.

In 1948, Deaf children were required to attend school.

In the late-20th century, Japanese sign language began to be recognized.

The Japanese Federation of the Deaf is for those Japanese whose primary language is JSL.

JSL has a friend in the Imperial family. Kiko, Princess Akishino has studied JSL and is a trained sign language interpreter. She also signs in informal Deaf gatherings.

In 2006, the Japanese government amended the "Supporting Independence of People with Disabilities Act." The new language in the law encourages local governments to increase the number and use of JSL interpreters.

As in other sign languages, JSL (usually called simply 手話 "shuwa", "hand talk") consists of words, or signs, and the grammar with which they are put together.



Raging Bull

Raging Bull is a 1980 American biographical sports drama movie directed by Martin Scorsese, produced by Irwin Winkler and Robert Chartoff and adapted by Paul Schrader and Mardik Martin from Jake LaMotta's 1970 memoir "". The movie, distributed by United Artists, stars Robert De Niro as Jake LaMotta, an Italian-American middleweight boxer whose self-destructive and obsessive rage, sexual jealousy, and animalistic appetite destroyed his relationship with his wife and family. Also featured in the film are Joe Pesci as Joey, LaMotta's well-intentioned brother and manager who tries to help Jake battle his inner demons, and Cathy Moriarty as his wife. Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, and Frank Vincent all play supporting roles in the movie.

Scorsese was initially reluctant to develop the project, though he eventually came to relate to LaMotta's story. Schrader re-wrote Martin's first screenplay, and Scorsese and De Niro together made uncredited contributions thereafter. Pesci was an unknown actor prior to the film, as was Moriarty, who was suggested for her role by Pesci. During the filming, each of the boxing scenes was choreographed for a specific visual style and De Niro gained approximately 60 pounds (27 kg) to portray LaMotta in his later post-boxing years. Scorsese was exacting in the process of editing and mixing the movie, expecting it to be his last major feature.

"Raging Bull" premiered in New York on November 14, 1980, and was released in theaters on December 19, 1980. The movie had a lukewarm box office of $23.4 million against its $18 million budget. The movie received mixed reviews upon its release; while De Niro's performance and the editing were widely acclaimed, it garnered criticism due to its violent content. Despite the mixed reviews, the movie was nominated for eight Academy Awards at the 53rd Academy Awards (tying with "The Elephant Man" as the most nominated movie of the ceremony), including Best Picture and Best Director, and won two: Best Actor for De Niro (his second Oscar) and Best Editing.

After its release, "Raging Bull" went on to garner a high critical reputation, and is now often considered Scorsese's magnum opus and one of the greatest movies ever made. In 1990, it became the first movie to be selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in its first year of eligibility.

Mark Spitz

Mark Andrew Spitz (born February 10, 1950) is an American retired swimmer of Jewish descent. He won seven gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. That achievement was only passed by Michael Phelps who won eight golds at the 2008 Olympics.

Jesse Ventura

James George Janos, better known as Jesse Ventura, is an American statesman, actor, author, and former professional wrestler. He served as the 38th Governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003. He was elected in 1998. He was Mayor of Brooklyn Park, Minnesota from 1991 to 1995.

Ventura served as a Navy UDT during the Vietnam War. As an actor, he appeared in "The Running Man" and "Predator". He called wrestling matches with Vince McMahon for TV shows and with Gorilla Monsoon for pay-per-views in the WWF. In WCW, he called matches with Jim Ross. Ventura and Ross teamed up again to call XFL football games.

Ventura was born on July 15, 1951 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His height is 6' 4". His wife is Theresa Larson Masters since 1975.

In September 2019, Ventura expressed interest in running for President in 2020 under an Independent bid.

Ilya Repin

Ilya Yefimovich Repin (; Ukrainian: Ілля́ Єфи́мович Рéпін , – 29 September 1930) was an important Russian painter and sculptor.

Repin was born in a village near Kharkiv, Russian Empire (now part of Ukraine). He came from a poor family. Repin first learned to paint from an icon painter. He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Saint Petersburg. Later he became a professor of painting at the same academy. He is best known for his paintings of scenes from Russian history and his portraits.

Ship's bell

A ship's bell is a bell usually made of bronze that is used on ships and sailboats. It is most often rung to announce the time, such as at the hour and half-hour.

Sometimes a ship's bell may be used as a percussion instrument in an orchestra.

John Roberts (actor)

Jonathan "John" Roberts (born 1971) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice arist, and comedian. He is the voice of Linda Belcher in "Bob's Burgers".

Dan Mintz

Daniel "Dan" Mintz (born 1981) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice arist, and comedian. He is the voice of Tina Belcher in "Bob's Burgers".

Eugene Mirman

Eugene Boris Mirman (born 1974) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and voice actor. He is the voice of Gene Belcher in "Bob's Burgers".

Kristen Schaal

Kristen Schaal (born January 24, 1978) is an American stand-up comedienne, actress and voice artist. She is the voice of Mabel Pines in "Gravity Falls". She also is the voice of Louise Belcher in "Bob's Burgers" and Uma Kinnik in "Atlantis Forest". Schaal was born in Longmont, Colorado.



Loren Bouchard

Loren Hal Bouchard (born October 10, 1969 ) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice arist. He is best known as the creator of "Bob's Burgers".

Tony Leondis

Anthony "Tony" Leondis (born 1972) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is the voice of Master Croc in "".

Anthony Michael Hall

Michael Anthony Hall (born April 14, 1968) is an American actor, movie producer and director. He is known as Anthony Michael Hall. He was in several movies for teens in the 1980s. Hall began his career in commercials and on stage as a child. He first made a movie in 1980. Hall was born in West Roxbury, Boston, Massachusetts and grew up in New York, New York.

He joined the cast of Saturday Night Live (1985–1986) and featured in movies, for example, Out of Bounds (1986), Johnny Be Good (1988), Edward Scissorhands (1990) and Six Degrees of Separation (1993). After a progression of minor jobs during the 1990s, he featured as Microsoft's Bill Gates in the 1999 TV film Pirates of Silicon Valley. He had the main job in the USA Network arrangement The Dead Zone from 2002 to 2007. In 2020, he showed up in ABC's The Goldbergs. 


Susie Essman

Susan "Susie" Essman (born May 31, 1955 ) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice artist. She plays Susie Greene in "Curb Your Enthusiasm", Helen Higgins in "Crank Yankers", and Mittens in "Bolt".

Essman was born Susan Essman in New York City, New York. 

Wing-banded antbird

The wing-banded antbird ("Myrmornis torquata") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.

It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. It feeds by hopping on the ground, turning dead leaves over in search of insects. It uses its long bill to do this, and never picks the leaves up.


Seine

The Seine is a river in France. It flows into the English Channel between Le Havre and Honfleur. It is long. It is the second-longest river in France. Other important cities along its course are Paris, Troyes and Rouen. Its drainage basin has a surface of . The Seine starts in Source-Seine, in Côte-d'Or, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, at an height of . The unidntified body of L'incounne de la Seine (English: The Unidentified Woman of Seine) was discovered there 1885.

Between Rouen and the sea, ocean-going vessels of up to in length, and 150,000 tons in weight can travel the Seine. This section of the river has a length of about . Ships of a draft of up to can circulate. Draft is a word describe the height of the part of a ship that is below the water line. There are three bridges in this section. They can be raised. The maximum air draft (or height above the water line) of a ship is . Because there are few briges, the river can be crossed by ferry, at different locations. The port of Rouen is an important maritime port in France; it is the most important port in Europe for cereals, and the most important port in France for flour and fertilizers. Even if the port of Le Havre is more important for petroleum, that of Rouen is still important. About 25 million tons of produce is handled by the port of Rouen each year.
The course of the river was corrected between Rouen and Paris in the 19th century. There are seven locks. Barges with merchandise, of a capacity of up to 350 t, can circulate. The dimension of the lock determines the maximum dimension of the ship. When most canals were built in France, the minister for public works, Charles de Freycinet determined the maximum length of the locks. As a result, the maximum dimension of the ship is , with a draft of . In the case of the French canals, the maximum draft is . The load of a peniche is about that of ten lorries or eight rail wagons. Other ship types that can circulate have a capacity of . Convois of barges with a length between can transport between of freight. Other ships include river-vessels that can transport up to of freight.

The port of Paris is the most important fluvial port in France: About 20.2 million tons of merchanise are handled each year, 20 miilon tons of this merchandise come from fluvial transport. There is a project called Seine–Nord Europe Canal, to build a high-capacity canal to connect the Paris region to the Ports of Antwerp, Dunkerque and Rotterdam, for large ships of width and length.

Different floods of the river have been reported. The oldest report is from Emperor Julian who reported a flood of the river in his work Misopogon in the year 358. Gregory of Tours reported a flood in February 528 in his Historia Francorum.

The river has inspired different painters, mainly in the 19th and 20th century. Honoré de Balzac describes it in many of his books. Gustave Flaubert uses the river as a metaphor or image to describe the flow of time. Other authors include Jacques Prévert, and Guillaume Apollinaire.

Louie Anderson

Louis Perry Anderson (March 24, 1953January 21, 2022) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, author and game show host. Anderson made the cartoon series "Life with Louie" and has written three books. He was the host of the second revival of the game show "Family Feud", from 1999 to 2002. He was nominated three times for an Emmy Award, for his performance on the comedy television series "Baskets", and won it once in 2016.

On January 18, 2022, it was announced that Anderson had been diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in 2012 and was undergoing treatment in Las Vegas. He died three days later at the age of 68.

National Assembly of Belarus

The National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus is the parliament of Belarus. The two parts of the National Assembly are:


The houses meet every year. The first session starts October 2. It cannot be more than 80 days. The second session starts April 2. It does not last more than 90 days. Sometimes the President can have them meet a third time.

The Council of the Republic is the upper house. It has 64 members. The members are based geographically. Eight members of the Council are picked by the President of Belarus. The remaining members are elected by secret vote: eight members of the Council are elected from each of the country's regions and Minsk City. Members must aged 30 and more and live in the region they are elected from for at least five years.


The House of Representatives is the lower house. It has 110 deputies. Any citizen of 21 years is eligible for election.

Seine department

Seine was a département in France. It was created as "Paris" in 1790, and renamed to Seine in 1795. On the 1st of January 1968 it was abolished, together with the department Seine-et-Oise which surrounded it. The area was distributed into 4 departements, Paris, Hauts-de-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis, and Val-de-Marne. In 1968, about 5.7 million people lived in the area; about 2.5 million lived in the city of Paris.

Philip Seymour Hoffman

Philip Seymour Hoffman (July 23, 1967 – February 2, 2014) was an American actor.

He was born in Fairport, New York. He had a brother, writer Gordy Hoffman (born 1964) and two sisters. Hoffman's mother was a Roman Catholic of Irish origin. His father was a Protestant of part-German origin. Hoffman studied at New York State Summer School of the Arts and at Tisch School of the Arts. 

Hoffman first started acting in 1991 in an episode of "Law & Order". His first movie role was as Matt in the 1992 movie "Leap of Faith". He then acted in many movies. His performance as Truman Capote in "Capote" earned him an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award. He also acted on television and in theater. His last movie was "" and in "A Most Wanted Man".

Hoffman lived in Manhattan with his partner Mimi O'Donnell. They were a couple from 1999 until 2013. They had a son and two daughters. 

On February 2, 2014, Hoffman was found dead in his Manhattan apartment, of an apparent drug overdose. His funeral was held at St. Ignatius Loyola church, Manhattan, on February 7, 2014.



Pecados y Milagros

Pecados y Milagros () is the seventh album by Mexican Latin singer Lila Downs. It was released in 2011. It reached the top of the charts in Mexico, Germany, Argentina, Colombia, Spain and the United States. It also reached the top ten in other major markets. Downs did a tour for the album called the "Pecados y Milagros World Tour". The singles on "Pecados y Milagros" are: "Palomo del Comalito", "Zapata se Queda" and "Mezcalito". In 2012 the album "Pecados y Milagros" won a Grammy Award for "Best Regional Mexican Music Album (Including Tejano)". The same year it won a Latin Grammy Award for "Best Folk Album". The main music genres which make up the album are pop, folk and ska.

Shake Away

Ojo de Culebra () is the sixth studio album by Mexican Latin singer Lila Downs.

This album was recorded in New York and Mexico. All the songs on this album were composed by Lila Downs and Paul Cohen, except "I Envy The Wind" (by Lucinda Williams) and "I Would Never" (by Paul Buchanan). It includes a version of "Black Magic Woman" by Peter Green. In "Ojo de Culebra" they mix instruments and electronic music. It includes collaborations with Enrique Bunbury, La Mari, Mercedes Sosa and Ramon Gutierrez, among others.

The album had the following chart activity in 2008:


Kathryn Joosten

Kathryn Joosten (December 20, 1939 – June 2, 2012) was an American television and voice actress. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She won two Emmy Awards. She died of lung cancer in Westlake Village, California.


Japan Atomic Energy Agency

The or JAEA, is a Japanese organization that seeks to research, promote, and monitor the peaceful use of nuclear energy. It is an Independent Administrative Institution.

The Japan Atomic Energy Agency was formed October 1, 2005 by a merger of the Japan Atomic Energy Research Institute (JAERI) and the Japan Nuclear Cycle Development Institute (JNC).

The "Japan Atomic Energy Agency Act of 2005" established the scope of agency concerns, including



Seven (movie)

Seven is a 1995 American neo-noir crime horror thriller movie. It was directed by David Fincher and produced by Arnold Kopelson. It stars Brad Pitt as David Mills and Morgan Freeman as William Somerset, police detectives who are working together to catch serial killer John Doe, played by Kevin Spacey. Doe murders people he believes are guilty of the seven deadly sins. Mills' wife Tracy is played by Gwyneth Paltrow.

Core (Stone Temple Pilots album)

Core is the first album by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots. It was released on September 29, 1992 through Atlantic Records. The album made #1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart and #3 on the "Billboard" 200. It was the band's best-selling album.

All lyrics written by Scott Weiland, except where noted.

21 Grams

21 Grams is an American drama movie directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu and written by Guillermo Arriga. It stars Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Benicio del Toro, whose lives are connected when del Toro's character Jack Jordan kills the husband and two daughters of Watts' character Cristina Peck in a hit-and-run road accident. His heart is transplanted into Penn's character, mathematician Paul Rivers.

Celia Cruz

Celia Cruz (October 21, 1925 – July 16, 2003) was a Cuban-American salsa performer. She earned twenty-three gold albums. She was called the "Queen of Salsa" as well as "La Guarachera de Cuba."

She spent most of her career living in New Jersey. She worked in the United States and several Latin American countries. Leila Cobo of "Billboard Magazine" once said "Cruz is indisputably the best known and most influential female figure in the history of Cuban music." 



South West Trains

South West Trains was a train company in the United Kingdom. It served 213 stations and ran 185 of those. The company had 371 trains and ran the Island Line as well. 

In August 2017, South Western Railway took over the franchise.

Island Line Trains

Island Line Trains is a train operating company in England. It is owned by South Western Railway. It runs a single 8.5 mile line on the Isle of Wight with 7 trains and 8 stations managed.

London Midland

London Midland was a train operating company in the United Kingdom. It ran of track and served 146 stations. During 2007, it carried 591.5 million passengers. London Midland operated the West Midlands franchise between 2007 and 2017. 

In August 2017 the franchise was awarded to a new train operating company, West Midlands Trains, who took over on 10 December 2017.

Heineken

Heineken is a Dutch beer (5% abv pale lager) which has been brewed by Heineken International since 1873. It is the flagship product of the Heineken company and is made of processed, impure water, sometimes advertised as purified water, malted barley, hops, and yeast. In 1886 H. Elion finished the development of the "Heineken A-yeast", which is still used in the brewing process today. The beer is force carbonated. It is popular worldwide.


Chiltern Railways

Chiltern Railways is a train operating company in the UK. It serves 62 stations and runs 27 of them.

East Coast

East Coast can mean:

Heathrow Express

Heathrow Express is a train service in London that provides an airport rail link service between Paddington station and Heathrow Airport. It is operated by the Heathrow Express Operating Company, owned by the same company which owns Heathrow Airport itself, and the first train ran on 23 June 1998.

The Heathrow Express service runs every 15 minutes throughout the day and evening, seven days a week. It runs non-stop between Paddington and the airport. (The Heathrow Connect used the same route but made some stops in between.) At the airport, trains from Paddington stop at two stations, both of which are located underground: Heathrow Central (for terminals 2 and 3) and Heathrow Terminal 5. There is also a shuttle train that goes between Heathrow Central and a station at Terminal 4, which is also underground. The 12 trains used on services between Paddington and Heathrow are Class 387, while the shuttle service to Terminal 4 used one Class 360.

Heathrow Express is not part of National Rail, and is not run as a franchise, even though it shares track with National Rail trains for much of its journey and ends its trip at a London mainline station.

Heathrow Connect

Heathrow Connect was a train service in London that ran between Paddington station and Heathrow Airport. It was provided by the Heathrow Express company together with First Great Western. The first train ran on 12 June 2005.

The Heathrow Connect service ran every half-hour throughout the day and evening from Monday to Saturday and every hour on Sunday. It followed the same route as the Heathrow Express service, but while Heathrow Express ran non-stop between Paddington and the airport, Heathrow Connect stopped at some stations in between. Altogether, there were eight stations at which Heathrow Connect trains stopped, so the train could connect places in west London with each other, the airport, and Central London. The trains used on the line were five Class 360s made by Siemens.

On 20 May 2018 TfL Rail took over operation of the Heathrow Connect service.

Abellio Greater Anglia

Abellio Greater Anglia is a British train operating company that provides suburban and express passenger rail services from Liverpool Street station in the City of London to destinations in the East of England. In August 2016, it was announced that Abellio had won the franchise again until 2025. They promise to replace all its trains by 2020. Sadly this has not happened.

Luis Miguel

Luis Miguel Gallego Basteri (April 19, 1970) is a Mexican singer. He is widely known only by the name Luis Miguel. He is often called "El Sol de México" (The Sun of Mexico) or simply "El Sol" (The Sun). 

Luis Miguel has won five Grammys and four Latin Grammys among other numerous awards. He is considered as one of the top male pop vocalists in the world. At the age of fifteen, Luis Miguel received his first Grammy for his duet "Me Gustas Tal Como Eres" (I Like You Just The Way You Are) with Sheena Easton. Luis Miguel is the only Latin artist to have two Spanish-language albums ("Romance" and "Segundo Romance") go platinum in the USA. His album "Luis Miguel" got gold and platinum certifications in four countries, including the United States, within just three days of its release.


Maná

Maná is a Mexican rock band from Guadalajara, Jalisco. Their career has been more than three decades. The group has earned four Grammy Awards, seven Latin Grammy Awards, five MTV Video Music Awards Latin America, five Premios Juventud awards, nine Billboard Latin Music Awards and 13 Premios Lo Nuestro awards.

The band formed in 1986 and released its first album, "Falta Amor", in 1990. In 1992, the group released "¿Dónde Jugarán Los Niños?", which sold more than 3 million copies worldwide. It was the best selling Spanish-language rock album of all time. 

The band's sound comes from the pop rock, Latin pop, calypso, and reggae music genres. They first received international commercial success in Australia and Spain. They have since gained popularity in the US, Western Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Their worldwide sales stand at more than 25 million albums as of 2011.

Official members:

Live band members:

Former members:




RBD

RBD was a two-time Latin-Grammy nominated Mexican pop group. They gained popularity from Televisa's teen drama series "Rebelde". RBD sold over 17 million digital downloads and over 57 million albums worldwide in four years. The band was officially formed on October 4, 2004. They announced their separation on August 15, 2008.





Thalía

Ariadna Thalía Sodi Miranda (born August 26, 1971), known as Thalía, is a Mexican singer, songwriter and actress. She has sold over 25 million albums worldwide. She has sung in Spanish, English, French, Portuguese and Tagalog.

Thalia has been nominated for various Latin Grammy, Latin Billboard and many other awards.

She was also in very successful soap operas like "Marimar" and "María la del Barrio". She is also an occasional author, businesswoman and fashion designer.












Olga Tañón

Olga Tañón (born April 13, 1967) is a two-time Grammy Award and three-time Latin Grammy-winning Merengue and Latin Pop artist. Tañón has earned 5 Latin Grammy Awards and 28 Premios Lo Nuestro awards during her career.

Tañón is the youngest of four children born to José Tañón and Carmen Gloria Ortíz in the Santurce district of San Juan, Puerto Rico. She was raised in Levittown, a suburb of San Juan, in the municipality of Toa Baja, Puerto Rico, where she received her primary and secondary education.

In 1992, Tañón signed a contract with the WEA Latina record label to record a solo album. Her first recorded album was titled "Sola" (Alone). Among the songs in the album were, "Me Cambio por Ella" (I Change Places With Her), and "Quiero estar contigo" (I Want To Be With You). In 1993, she recorded her second album for WEA Latina, "Mujer de Fuego" (Woman of Fire). Tañón also debuted as a composer with the song, "Presencié tu Amor" (I Witnessed Your Love).[3] That year, Tañón received three Lo Nuestro Awards nominations in the Tropical/Salsa field: Album of the Year (Sola), Female Artist and New Artist.[4]

In 1994, Tañón earned her first double platinum record and in 1995, she earned 3 more platinum records with her album, "Siente el Amor" (Feel the Love). This album also included another of her compositions, "Unicornio" (Unicorn), which was written to the rhythm of Salsa and also included the unforgettable Merengue song, "Es Mentiroso" (He's a Liar). Tañón had gained fame and recognition throughout Latin America.

Tañón recorded a Tex-Mex CD with Mexican singer Marco Antonio Solís, "Nuevos Senderos". She was now being heard internationally, and with that recording she became the first Puerto Rican musician to be certified by the RIAA to sell over half a million records. The lead single, the ballad "Basta Ya!" topped the U.S. Billboard Top Latin Tracks for several weeks and became Tañón's first #1.[3] For the album Tañón earned 3 Lo Nuestro Awards nominations for Pop Album of the Year, Pop Song of the Year and Pop Singer of the Year.[5]

In 1997 Tañón debuted as an actress in the Puerto Rican version of the popular production of "Jesus Christ Superstar", produced by Rafo Muñiz. She played the part of Mary Magdalene. This version had a tropical feel to it and included some of Tañón's songs. In 1998, Tañón married Juan González a Puerto Rican major-league baseball star. They had a daughter, Gabriella Marie, but divorced in 1999.[3]

In 2000 Tañón, now known as the "Woman of Fire" or "Mujer de Fuego" by her fans, recorded her first concert, titled, "Olga Viva...Viva Olga" in the House of Blues in Orlando, Florida. This production was named by the National Foundation of Popular Culture as one of the year's top 20 productions. The record went platinum and Tañón earned her first Grammy Award. In August 2000, Tañón sold out 12 shows in the Antonio Paoli Hall at the Luis A. Ferre Center of the Fine Arts in San Juan. Later that month she debuted in the Bass Performance Hall in Fort Worth, Texas. Her performances received rave reviews in the Fort Worth Star Telegram and the Dallas Morning News. At the end of 2000, Tañón presented her musical spectacular at Panama's Anayansi Theater and toured the southeastern United States with Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández.[3]

In 2001 Tañón recorded a CD titled, "Yo por Ti" (Me for You), which won both American and Latin Grammys. The first single, Como Olvidar, topped the U.S. Billboard Top Latin Tracks. The CD became a best-seller in Puerto Rico, Latin America, and among the Hispanic population in the United States. In 2002 Tañón toured many countries, including Venezuela, Panama and the United States. That year she became the first merengue artist to successfully score a chart topper in the Middle East when her partnership with Egyptian music singer Hakim yielded the highly successful Arabian hit, Ah Ya Albi. In 2003, Tañón toured Europe and made a total of ten recordings for WEA Latina. In 2003 she released Sobrevivir and won her fourth Grammy. She also married Billy Denizard, with whom she had two sons, Indiana Noa and Ian Nahir.[3]

As part of an international tour called "Evolution Tour 2008", Tañón traveled to Italy where she made a presentation at the Festival Latinoamericano on July 5, 2008.[6] In 2005, Tañón released her hit album, "Una Nueva Mujer", which won Best Contemporary Tropical Album at the 2006 Latin Grammys.

In support of Latin American immigrants in the U.S., in 2006 Tañón recorded, "Nuestro Himno" in collaboration with Pitbull, Carlos Ponce, and Wyclef Jean. On May 2, 2010, Tañón first performed in Iquitos a concert where presented her classic songs. The concert was part of her tour, which started in Peru.[7][8]

On February 22, 2007 Tañón won 3 awards at the 19th edition of Premio Lo Nuestro.[9] During the 2006 show, she won in the categories: "Album of the Year", "Female Artist" and "Song of the Year". She holds the record as the artist who has won the most "Premio Lo Nuestro Awards", with a total of 29.

In June 2009, Tañón released a new hit single called "Amor Entre Tres" which is the theme song for the new soap opera in Venezuela called "La Vida Entera." That month, WEA Latina released "25 Exitos de Fuego Vol. 1 & Vol. 2." Each CD has a set of greatest hits through her entire career of merengue and Latin pop. In September 2009 participated, next to Juanes and other internationally acclaimed artists, in "Concierto por la Paz" at Plaza de la Revolucion in La Habana, Cuba.[3]

In 2011 the first of three Tañon albums was released on the Mia Musa Label: "Ni Una Lagrima más’". In 2013 "Una Mujer" was released, and in 2017 "Olga Tañon y Punto".




Los Temerarios

Los Temerarios are a Mexican musicgroup. They were started in 1978 by brothers Adolfo Angel and Gustavo Angel and their cousin Fernando Angel. During their early years, they were known as "Conjunto La Brisa".

"Los Temerarios" have recorded more than 20 albums. They have gotten many awards and award nominations. In 1991, they earned 5 Billboard awards nominations in the Latin categories. 


Great Lake Swimmers

Great Lake Swimmers is a Canadian folk rock and Indie band originally from Wainfleet, Ontario and now based in Toronto, Ontario. They released their self-titled debut album on January 28, 2003 and it was re-released on April 5, 2005. Great Lake Swimmers has five members in the band; the current band members are Tony Dekker, Erik Arnesen, Greg Millson, Miranda Mulholland and Bret Higgins. The band was named Favourite Folk/Roots Artist/Group in 2010 by the Canadian Indie Awards.



Bottle tree

The bottle tree is a plant that has adapted to hot climates, such as the desert. They are called bottle trees because the shape of their trunk is a bottle shape. There are several different species including:


The name bottle tree is also used to describe an artificial tree made of glass bottles, usually of colored glass. Associated with Hoodoo and primarily found in the Southern United States.

Principality of Polotsk

The Principality of Polotsk, also known as the Kingdom of Polotsk or the Duchy of Polotsk was a medieval principality of the Early East Slavs. It was considered one of the principalities in the Kievan Rus'. It had a wide degree of power to make its own rules. It was started around the ancient town of Polotsk. It is not clear the date it started. Polotsk is mentioned in the mid 9th century as part of Novgorod. In the second half of 10th century Polotsk was ruled by its own dynasty. The first ruler that is mentioned in the history was a semi-legendary Rogvolod (? - 978). Rogvolod is better known as the father of Rogneda. The Principality was in several succession crises of the 11-12th centuries and a war with the Land of Novgorod. By the 13th century it was added into the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. At the time it was largest the principality stretched over large parts of today's northern and central Belarus and a smaller part of today's southeastern Latvia.

Grand Duchy of Lithuania

The Grand Duchy of Lithuania was a European state from the 12th
–13th century until 1569. In 1569 it became a part of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth until 1791. It was started by the Lithuanians. The duchy grew to include large parts of the former Kievan Rus' and other Slavic lands. It covered the land of present-day Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania and parts of Estonia, Moldova, Poland, Russia and Ukraine. At its biggest in the 15th century, it was the largest state in Europe. There was great diversity in languages, religion, and cultural heritage.

Bringing together of the Lithuanian lands began in the late 12th century. Mindaugas, the first ruler of the Grand Duchy, was crowned as Catholic King of Lithuania in 1253. The pagan state was targeted in the religious crusade by the Teutonic Knights and the Livonian Order. When Gediminas began to rule, he allowed people to have different religions. This grew under his son Algirdas. In 1386 Jogaila changed the religion to Catholicism. He also made a dynastic union between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland.
Vytautas the Great grew the land of the Grand Duchy. He also led the defeat of the Teutonic Knights in the Battle of Grunwald in 1410. After Vytautas's death, Lithuania's relationship with the Kingdom of Poland was not good. The Union of Lublin of 1569 created a new state, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. In this federation, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania had a separate government, laws, army, and treasury. They were invaded by Russia in 1792. The land was divided out among the Russian Empire, Prussia and Austria in 1795.

Kievan Rus'

Kievan Rus' (also known as Kyivan Rus) was a medieval state in Europe. It was from the late 9th to the mid 13th century. It broke apart under the Mongol invasion of 1237–1240.

At its peak, it stretched from the Baltic Sea in the north to the Black Sea in the south, and from the upper Vistula in the west to the middle Volga in the east.

The state was called "land of the Rus' " . The name "Kievan Rus' " was used in the 19th century to mean the time when the center was in Kyiv.

The early part of the state is sometimes known as the "Rus Khaganate". The history of Rus' proper begins in 882. This is when the capital was moved from Novgorod to Kyiv. This was after Varangians (Vikings), who were called Rus, freed this slavic city from the Khazars' tribute.
The state reached its most powerful in the mid 11th century. Its lands went south to the Black Sea, east to the Volga, and west to the Kingdom of Poland and to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Vladimir the Great (980–1015) and his son Yaroslav I the Wise (1019–1054) ruled in the "Golden Age" of Kyiv. With the end of the Viking age, the state lost power in the late 11th and during the 12th century. The broke apart into various rival regional powers.

The various East Slavic principalities were brought together in the Russian Empire in the 18th century. The modern East Slavic states of Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia all get their identity from the early medieval state.

The Australian Ballet

The Australian Ballet is the largest classical ballet company in Australia. It was started in 1962 by J. C. Williamson Theatres Ltd. and the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust. The first artistic director was Dame Peggy van Praagh, the English-born dancer, teacher, repetiteur and director. Today, it is recognised as one of the world's major international ballet companies.

Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic was one of fifteen constituent republics of the Soviet Union (USSR). In 1922, it was one of the four founding members of the Soviet Union. The other three were the Ukrainian SSR, the Transcaucasian SFSR and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR). Byelorussia was one of several Soviet republics occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II. The BSSR, along with the Ukrainian SSR and the Soviet Union, were founding members of the United Nations Organization (UN) in 1945. The end of the Soviet Republic occurred in 1991. The nation became an independent republic. 

The country renamed itself as the Republic of Belarus. In earlier time periods, Western Europeans called Byelorussian territory as White Russia. During its early years in the USSR, the republic was sometimes known as the White Russian Soviet Socialist Republic.

Republics of the Soviet Union

"“Soviet Socialist Republics” redirects here. For the country, see Soviet Union."

The Republics of the Soviet Union or the Union Republics of the Soviet Union were administrative units that report directly to the Government of the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union was a highly centralized state.

Artillery (band)

Artillery is a thrash metal band from Denmark. They started in 1982 and have split up and reformed twice.

So far, as of 2012, Artillery has released six studio albums, which include:


Voivod

Voivod is a heavy metal band from Canada. Their musical style has been changing since their beginnings. They started out as a speed metal band, but eventually began adding a mix of progressive metal and thrash metal to create their own unique metal style.

Today, Voivod have released eleven studio albums as well as one EP, one live album, two compilations, seven demos and one DVD featuring a live concert. They rose to popularity with their fifth studio album "Nothingface" (1989), which was the first Voivod album to enter the "Billboard" 200 charts, peaking at number 114, and is their most successful one yet. The last studio album Voivod released is "Target Earth", from 2013. They are working on a new album.

The band's bassist, Jason Newsted, joined Voivod after he left Metallica in 2001.


Soviet invasion of Poland

The 1939 Soviet invasion of Poland was a Soviet military operation that started without a formal declaration of war on 17 September, 1939. It was during the early stages of World War II. After Nazi Germany had invaded Poland from the west on September 1. The Soviet Union invaded from the east and ended on 6 October 1939. Germany and the Soviet Union divided the whole of the Second Polish Republic.

In early 1939, the Soviet Union asked the United Kingdom, France, Poland, and Romania to make an alliance against Nazi Germany. The Soviet Union wanted Poland and Romania to let Soviet troops go through their territory, but Poland and Romania refused. The Soviet Union made a secret deal with Nazi Germany on 23 August. They planned to divide Northern and Eastern Europe into German and Soviet lands.

One week later, German forces invaded Poland from the north, south, and west. Polish forces then withdrew to the southeast to wait for French and British support. The Soviet Red Army invaded the eastern Polish region of Kresy on 17 September. The Soviet government used the excuse that it was acting to protect the Ukrainians and Belarusians, who lived in the eastern part of Poland.

The Soviet government took pver the area. In November 1939, it made the 13.5 million formerly-Polish citizens become Soviet citizens. The Soviets sent hundreds of thousands of people from the region to Siberia and other remote parts of the Soviet Union.

Soviet forces stayed in eastern Poland until the summer of 1941, when the German Army invaded Operation Barbarossa. The area was under Nazi occupation until the Red Army reconquered it in the summer of 1944. An agreement at the Yalta Conference let the Soviet Union keep almost all of what it had occupied in the Second Polish Republic. The People's Republic of Poland got the southern half of East Prussia and lands east of the Oder-Neisse Line. The Soviet Union put those areas into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.

Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic or in short, the Ukrainian SSR or Soviet Ukraine was in the southwestern part of the Soviet Union. It had the second largest population of the fifteen republics of the Soviet Union. This lasted from 1922 to 1991.

The Ukrainian SSR was a founding member of the United Nations. It did not really have much power because it was tightly controlled by central all-Soviet Union authorities. When the Soviet Union broke apart, the Ukrainian SSR became Ukraine.

During its 72-year history, the republic's borders changed many times. The eastern city of Kharkiv was the republic's first capital. However, in 1934, it was moved to the city of Kyiv. Kyiv is still the capital of Ukraine. Among other largest cities there were Odessa, Dnipropetrovsk, Donetsk (named Stalino before 1961), Lviv, Zaporizhia.

Ukrainian SSR was one of 4 first republics of USSR.

In 1939 some lands of Western Ukraine was incorporated in Ukrainian SSR. It was occupied by Poland in 1921 and had cities Lviv, Ternopil, Stanislav (now Ivano-Frankivsk), Rivne.

In 1940 was taken from Romania Nortern Bukovina (Chernivtsy oblast) and part of Bessarabia.

During the WWIV all of its territory was occupied. There was large partisan movements. 
Kyiv and Odessa became hero cities.

In 1953 former head of Communist party of Ukraine Nikita Khrushchev became the General Secretary of the CPSU. In 1964 he was removed by Ukrainian Leonid Brezhnev who was in office before his death in 1982.

In 1954 Crimea was incorporated in Ukrainian SSR.

In 1986 there was Chernobyl atomic station catastrophe.

In the republic there were about 29 mln people in 1926, 47.1 mln in 1970, 49.6 mln in 1979, 51.7 mln in 1989.

In 1989 5 cities had more than 1 million people. It was Kiev(2.6 mln), Kharkiv (1.6 mln), Dnipropetrovsk (1.2 mln), Odessa (1.1 mln) and Donetsk (1.1 mln).

The larger nation was Ukrainians, 2nd nation was Russians during all the history. Among the other nations were Jews, Belarusians, Moldovans and Romanians, Poles, Greeks.

Linear Pottery culture

The Linear Pottery culture was an important culture in the Neolithic(later Stone Age) of Europe. It was from 5500–4500 BC.
It is abbreviated as LBK and is also known as the Linear Band Ware, Linear Ware, Linear Ceramics or Incised Ware culture.
The most evidence for the culture is in Central Europe. It is important evidence for early farming in Europe. The pottery after which it was named has simple cups, bowls, vases and jugs, without handles. They were made as kitchen dishes, or for carrying food and drink. The pots had line patterns on them.

The LBK people lived over a period of 1000 years, long before the Bronze Age and farmed crops like wheat, lentils and peas. They also kept cows and dogs, and sometimes hunted in the forests around them for other animals, like deer.

Their diet probably didn't contain enough energy for them, as they often did not grow as tall as the people who came before them, or as people do now. This might have also been because of disease, which can spread more easily in a village than it can when people are moving about a lot and not seeing many other people, as people did before the Neolithic. People in the LBK culture probably died quite young, in their twenties or thirties, and many of their children would die before they grew up. 
If a person was very sick and in a lot of pain, the LBK people might have had access to opium which did not make them better but took away the pain. They probably knew how to make some illnesses better by using wild herbs as medicine.

The LBK people probably worshiped a mother goddess, who represented the fertility of the land they farmed.

Because this was before the Bronze or Iron Ages, there were no metal tools, and everything the LBK people had was made from either stone, wood and plants (such as flax which could be made into clothing, and things that could be got from animals (like leather or fur). They even had sickles, which are used for cutting down grass and are half-moon shaped blades with a handle coming off one end; however theirs were made of wood with sharp stone points glued into them for the cutting.

The LBK people lives in rectangular longhouses, and digging up an area often shows several clusters of about 6 of these long houses. The people in nearby clusters of houses probably knew each other and shared or traded their goods. Their houses were made of wood, mud and straw and they might have let their animals stay in there too.

Some LBK settlements have palisades, or long walls around them, to defend themselves from other people who might attack them. There are also some skeletons of LBK people that look like they died from battle injuries, and some look like they may have even been eaten by cannibals. This shows that there was a lot of war between nearby groups.

Important sites include Nitra in Slovakia; Bylany in the Czech Republic; Langweiler and Zwenkau in Germany; Brunn am Gebirge in Austria; Elsloo, Sittard, Köln-Lindenthal, Aldenhoven, Flomborn and Rixheim on the Rhine; Lautereck and Hienheim on the upper Danube; Rössen and Sonderhausen on the middle Elbe.

The Excavations at Oslonki in Poland had a large fortified settlement. There were nearly 30 longhouses and over 80 graves. This makes it one of the richest settlements in archaeological finds from all of central Europe.

Cimmerians

The Cimmerians or Kimmerians were ancient horse-riding nomads of Indo-European origin.

According to the Greek historian Herodotus, the Cimmerians lived in the north of the Caucasus and the Black Sea during the 8th and 7th centuries BC. They lived in what is now Ukraine and Russia. Others have said there is no evidence of Cimmerians in the southern parts of Russia.

Where the Cimmerians come from is unclear. Most think they belong to either Iranian or Thracian speaking groups. A recent DNA analysis (Oct. 2018) of three Cimmerians indicate "the appearance of East Asian haplogroups in the steppe populations might be associated with the Iron Age nomads, starting with the Cimmerians." The authors found it "noteworthy that the oldest of the Cimmerians studied here (cim357) carried almost equal proportions of Asian and West Eurasian components, resembling the Pazyryks, Aldy-Bel, and Iron Age individuals from Russia and Kazakhstan. The second oldest Cimmerian (cim358) was also the only one with both uniparental markers pointing toward East Asia. The Q1* Y chromosome sublineage of Q-M242 is widespread among Asians and Native Americans and is thought to have originated in the Altai Mountains. It has previously been identified in numerous ancient samples from Siberia, the Americas, and in representatives of the Siberian Bronze Age and nomadic populations. This is the first indication that Cimmerians did not originate in the PCS region but were nomads tracing their origin to the Far East." A new study in July 2019 revealed that 2 other Cimmerians were of haplogroup R1a-Z645 and R1a2c-B111.

Varangians

The Varangians or Varyags was the name given by Greeks and East Slavs to Vikings. Between the 9th and the 11th centuries they ruled the medieval state of Rus'. They were the personal bodyguards of the Byzantine Emperors, and formed the Byzantine Varangian Guard.

A group of Varangians known as the Rus' settled in Novgorod in 864, under the leadership of Rurik. Rurik's relative Oleg conquered Kiev in 882. He made the state of Kievan Rus', which was later ruled by Ruriks descendants. The name of the Rus' is the origin of the name Russia.

Varangians did trade, piracy and mercenary activities. They move around using the river systems and portages of Gardariki. The Gardariki was the areas north of the Black Sea. They had trade routes that connected Dark Age Europe with rich Arab Caliphates and the Byzantine Empire. Wanting the riches of Constantinople, Rus' Varangians started a number of Rus'-Byzantine Wars. Most of them, both in Byzantium and in Eastern Europe, were converted from paganism into Orthodox Christianity. Most scientific experts, including the ethnic Russian, Ukrainian and Belarusian people themselves, confirm the modern-day East Slavic ethnic group to be the direct, ancestral descendants of the Rus'.

Yaroslav the Wise

Yaroslav I, Grand Prince of Rus<nowiki>'</nowiki>, known as Yaroslav the Wise (c. 978 – February 20, 1054) was Grand Prince of Novgorod and Kyiv. He brought together the two principalities for a time under his rule.

A son of the Varangian (Viking) Grand Prince Vladimir the Great, he was vice-regent of Novgorod at the time of his father’s death in 1015. His oldest surviving brother, Svyatopolk the Accursed, killed three of his other brothers and took power in Kyiv. Yaroslav, with the support of the Novgorodians and the help of Varangian mercenaries, defeated Svyatopolk. He became the Grand Prince of Kyiv in 1019. Yaroslav started to write down the legal customs. This served as the basis for a law code called the Russkaya Pravda ("Russian Justice"). During his long reign, Rus' reached the height of its cultural flowering and military power.

Socialist Soviet Republic of Lithuania and Belorussia

Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic or Litbel was a Soviet republic. It was in the territories of modern Belarus and eastern Lithuania. It existed for about seven months during 1919. It was formed after the merger of Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic and the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia. The republic was went away after the Polish Army took over its claimed territory of eastern Lithuania during the Polish–Soviet War.

Belarusian Democratic Republic

The Belarusian People's Republic, historically called the White Ruthenian Democratic Republic, was a self-declared independent Belarusian state. They said they were independent in 1918. It is also called the "Belarusian Democratic Republic" or the "Belarusian National Republic". This is to be separate from the Communist People's Republics. The BNR was recognized by several Central Powers and former Russian countries. It was not recognized by most of the international community. They country ended when Belarus went under Soviet control. The Belorussian SSR was founded in 1919.

The leaders of the government went into exile. They still say the Belarusian People's Republic is a country. 

Chairmans of the Council of BNR:

William Haines (Australian politician)

William Clark Haines (1810–3 February 1866) was the first Premier of Victoria. He served two terms as premier, the first from 30 November 1855 to 25 August 1856, and a second term from 29 April 1857 to 10 March 1858.

Born in London, Haines attended Charterhouse school, and then Cambridge University where he studied surgery. He moved to Victoria in 1842, and started farming around Geelong. After selling the farms in the 1850's he became a magistrate and was appointed to Victoria's Legislative Council. He helped to write the Victorian Constitution. In December 1854 he became the Colonial Secretary, and assisted the Governor of Victoria, Sir Charles Hotham. 

The British government passed the Victorian Constitution Act in 1855. Hotham was convinced to hand his power over as soon as possible. Haines and three other council members were made government ministers with the job of organizing the change to self-government. Haines was appointed by Hotham to be the Chief Secretary of Victoria and act as Premier until the elections could be orgaized. He resigned when several of the ministers wanted the elections by secret ballot. He thought this would increase corruption and bribery. He was reappointed when the Council decided that it, not the ministers should make the decision. He was the Chief Secretary until the first election in November 1856. After the election, as a member of the new Legislative Assembly, Haines became Premier until his government was defeated in 1857 by a group led by Sir John O'Shanassy. The O'Shanassy government was soon defeated and Haines again became Premier. In 1858 he was defeated during arguments about how the electorates should be divided. 

Haines traveled to the USA and Europe. On his return to Victoria in October 1860, he was again elected to the parliament, and became Treasurer in O'Shanassey's government. After losing his seat in 1863, he was appointed to the Legislative Council. 

Polish–Soviet War

The Polish–Soviet War (February 1919 – March 1921) was an armed conflict between Soviet Russia and Soviet Ukraine against the Second Polish Republic and the Ukrainian People's Republic. It was for control of what is now Ukraine and part of Belarus.

A formal peace treaty, the Peace of Riga, was signed on 18 March 1921. It divided the land between Poland and Soviet Russia. Much of the land that was given to Poland became part of the Soviet Union after World War II.

West Belarus

West Belarus is the name used to mean to the land of modern Belarus which belonged to the Second Polish Republic between 1919 and 1939.

The land is Hrodna and Brest voblasts. It is also parts of today's Minsk and Vitsebsk oblasts. The historical population of West Belarus included Belarusians, Poles, Lithuanians, Jews, and Russians.

Neman

Neman or Niemen or Nemunas is a major Eastern European river. It starts in Belarus and flows through Lithuania before draining into the Curonian Lagoon and then into the Baltic Sea at Klaipėda. It is the northern border between Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast in its lower reaches. It also very briefly forms part of the border between Lithuania and Belarus. It is the largest river in Lithuania and the 3rd largest in Belarus. People are able to travel on it for most of its 900-kilometer length. Its depth varies from one meter to five meters.

The Neman tributaries are:
the rivers Neris (Viliya), the Shchara, and the Šešupė, Svisloch, Nevėžis River, Dubysa, Jūra, Minija, Western Berezina, Zelvyanka, Molchad, Roś, Servech, Losha, Gorodnichanka and others.

The following fish have been found in the Neman: perch, pike, zander, roach, tench, bream, rudd, ruffe, and bleak. Its tributaries also contain stone loach, the three-spined stickleback, minnows, trout, sculpins, gudgeon, dace and chub.

Atlantic salmon used to migrate upstream to spawn. The dams on the river made there be less. The dam at Kaunas does not provide fish ladders.

Pripyat (river)

The Pripyat River or Prypiat River is a river in Eastern Europe. It is about long. It flows east through Ukraine, Belarus, and Ukraine again. It drains into the Dnieper.

The Pripyat passes through the zone of alienation around the Chernobyl reactor, site of the nuclear disaster. It is polluted with radionuclides. The amount of caesium-137 in river sediments continues to go up. The city of Prypiat, Ukraine (population 45,000) was completely evacuated after the Chernobyl disaster.

Dzyarzhynskaya Hara

Dzyarzhynskaya Hara is the highest point in Belarus. The hill is 345 meters (1,130 ft) above sea level. It is west of Minsk, near Dzyarzhynsk, in the village Skirmuntava. The original name of the hill was Svyataya Hara. In 1958 the hill was renamed "Hara Dzyarzhynskaya", after Felix Dzerzhinsky, the founder of the NKVD/KGB.

SMK Jalan Damai

Jalan Damai Secondary School or simply SMK Jalan Damai, is a national secondary school located in Kampung Baru, Penang, Malaysia. It has about 2370 students and 120 teachers.

SMK Jalan Damai, Bukit Mertajam was founded on 5th January 1970. At that time, it was known as Sekolah Menengah Rendah, Bukit Mertajam (the Lower Secondary School, Bukit Mertajam) with a total of 717 students and 29 teachers (including a religious teacher and a principal Mr. A. Gopala Krishnan).During that time, the official buildings were still under construction, so the students had to share facilities and spaces with Sekolah Tinggi Bukit Mertajam (Bukit Mertajam High School) in the afternoon session. At the end of 1973, the new buildings (14 classrooms, 3 science labs, 2 domestic science rooms, industrial arts workshop and canteen) were completed on Jalan Damai, Bukit Mertajam. On the 7th of January 1974, 602 students moved to the new buildings.
In December 2020, SMK Jalan Damai has changed principle again. The new principle's name is Dr. Ooi Yek Hwa. He succeeded the job from Mr Lee Cheah Kuen. Mr Lee Cheak Kuen retired on December 2020. ..

Governor of Victoria

The Governor of Victoria represents the head of state, Elizabeth II in the Australian state of Victoria. The Governor performs the same tasks at the state level as the Governor-General of Australia at the national level. The Governor's office and official residence is Government House in central Melbourne.

The current Governor of Victoria is a former judge, Linda Dessau.

In a Westminster system of parliamentary government, the Governor nearly always acts on the advice of the head of the elected government, the Premier of Victoria. However, the Governor retains the reserve powers of the Crown, and has the right to dismiss the Premier.

There is also a Lieutenant-Governor and an Administrator. The Chief Justice of Victoria is the Administrator, unless he or she is the Lieutenant-Governor, in which case, the next most senior judge is the Administrator. The Lieutenant-Governor takes on the job of the Governor when that post is vacant, when the Governor is out of the State, or is unable to act. The Administrator takes on those duties if both the Governor and Lieutenant-Governor are unable to act. 

The first Australian (and Victorian) born Governor of Victoria was Sir Henry Winneke (appointed 1974). Apart from Dr Davis McCaughey (b. Ireland), Professor David de Kretser (b. Ceylon) and Alex Chernov (b. Lithuania), all governors since 1974 have been born in Australia.

Before 1855, the Governor-General of New South Wales appointed Lieutenant-Governors to Victoria.


Alex Chernov

Alex Chernov AC QC (born 12 May 1938) was the Governor of Victoria from 2011 through 2015.

Chernov was born in Lithuania to Russian parents, and moved with his family to Salzburg, Austria where he started school. In 1949 his family moved to Australia and he completed his schooling at Melbourne High School. He studied commerce (business) and law at the University of Melbourne during the 1960s.

Chernov became a barrister in 1968, practising mostly in commercial law and equity. He was made a Queen's Counsel in 1980. He was Chairman of the Victorian Bar 1985–86, Vice-President of the Australian Bar Association 1986–87 and President of the Law Council of Australia 1990–91. He was Vice President of LawAsia 1995–1997.

He wrote a book with Robert Brooking AO, "Tenancy Law and Practice: Victoria" (1972) and edited the second edition (1980).

In May 1997 he was appointed to the Trial Division of the Supreme Court of Victoria, and in October 1998 to the Court of Appeal. He retired in February 2008.

He was elected the 20th Chancellor of the University of Melbourne in January 2009, serving in that office until he resigned to become Governor of Victoria.

On 21 February 2011, it was announced that he would become the 28th Governor of Victoria. He took officee on 8 April 2011.

Chernov is married with three children.

Chernov was appointed Queen's Counsel in and for the State of Victoria in 1980.

Chernov was created an Officer of the Order of Australia in the 2007 Queen's Birthday Honours list for service to the law and education.

On 26 January 2011, Chernov was named a Companion of the Order of Australia.


Yellow-billed magpie

The yellow-billed magpie ("Pica nuttalli") is a species of magpie, a type of songbird. It is a medium-sized member of the crow family with glossy black and white plumage and a yellow beak. The yellow-billed magpie lives only in California where it can be found in dry and warm oak savannah and shady valleys along the Central Valley. It is an omnivorous species: Insects and seeds are its main food, but it also takes carrion, small vertebrates and eggs. The breeding season of the yellow-billed magpie starts in April and it takes until the end of June for all chicks to fledge. The birds breed in loose colonies of 3−30 nests and they feed in flocks of several dozens.

John James Audubon was the first person to formally describe the yellow-billed magpie. He named it ""Corvus nuttalli"" to honor the naturalist Thomas Nuttall. Within the genus "Pica", the species is closest to the North American black-billed magpie ("P. hudsonia"). Both species share a common ancestor that migrated from Kamtchatka to Alaska some time in the Pleistocene. Black-billed and yellow-billed magpie diverged as a result of the glaciation of the Rocky Mountains. The yellow-billed yagpie became isolated in the warm climate of California and adapted to it. The species' population was hit hard by the outbreak of the West Nile Virus after 1999. It is currently not considered as endangered, but the virus and the degradation of its habitat pose a serious threat to some populations.

Ealing Broadway station

Ealing Broadway railway station is a station of the London Underground and National Rail.

Hayes &amp; Harlington railway station

Hayes & Harlington railway station is a railway station in London. 

Heathrow Terminals 2 &amp; 3 tube station

Heathrow Terminals 2 & 3 is a station of the London Underground. It is at Heathrow Airport and serves terminals 2 and 3 of the airport. The station used to be called Heathrow Terminals 1, 2, 3 until January 2016 when Heathrow Terminal 1 closed. Although the station has been renamed, the signage and announcements on the train and platform do not use the new name. It is on the Heathrow branch of the Piccadilly Line.

William Hogarth

William Hogarth (10 November 1697 – 26 October 1764) was an English painter, printmaker, pictorial satirist, social critic and editorial cartoonist. 

He is said to have started western sequential art. His work ranged from realistic portraits to comic strip-like series of pictures called "modern moral subjects". His work is so well known that satirical political illustrations in this style are often referred to as "Hogarthian".

In 1731, he completed a series of moral works which made him recognised as a great and original genius. This was "A Harlot's Progress". It was first done as paintings, which are now lost. Then the series was published as engravings. In the six scenes, the fate of a country girl who became a prostitute in town is traced out. At the start, the girl meets a bawd, a woman who persuades her to take up prostitution. At her shameful end, the girl dies of venereal disease and there follows a merciless funeral ceremony. The engraving show vivid scenes of drunken and loose behaviour. The series was an immediate success.

"A Rake's Progress" showed in eight pictures the reckless life of Tom Rakewell, the son of a rich merchant. Tom wastes all his money on luxurious living, whoring, and gambling, and dies in Bedlam. The original paintings of "A Rake's Progress" is displayed in the gallery room at Sir John Soane's Museum, London.

In 1743–1745 Hogarth painted the six pictures of "Marriage à-la-mode" (National Gallery, London), a pointed skewering of upper class 18th century society. This moralistic warning shows the miserable tragedy of an ill-considered marriage for money. This is regarded by many as his finest project and may be among his best planned story serials. Marital ethics were the topic of much debate in 18th century Britain. Marriages of convenience, and their unhappiness, came in for particular criticism.

The series shows the story of the fashionable marriage of the son of bankrupt Earl Squanderfield to the daughter of a rich but miserly city merchant. It starts with the signing of a marriage contract at the Earl's mansion and ending with the murder of the son by his wife's lover, and the suicide of the daughter after her lover is hanged at Tyburn.

In the twelve prints of "Industry and Idleness" (1747) Hogarth showed the lives of two apprentices, one of whom is dedicated and hard working, the other idle. The industrious apprentice becomes Sheriff and Lord Mayor of London. The idle turns one to crime. In the end, he is executed at Tyburn. The idle apprentice is sent to the gallows by the industrious apprentice himself.

This shows the work ethic of Protestant England, where those who work hard get rewarded, and those who do not end badly, 

"Beer Street" and "Gin Lane" (1751) was his warning on alcoholism. They were two engravings designed to be seen side by side. Hogarth engraved "Beer Street" to show a happy city drinking the 'good' beverage of English beer. On the other side was "Gin Lane". This showed the effects of drinking gin which, as a harder liquor, caused more problems for society. People are shown as healthy, happy and prosperous in "Beer Street", while in "Gin Lane" they are scrawny, lazy and careless. 

The woman at the front of "Gin Lane" who lets her baby fall to its death, echoes the tale of Judith Dufour who strangled her baby so she could sell its clothes for gin money. The prints were published in support of what would become the Gin Act of 1751.

Hogarth's friend, the magistrate Henry Fielding, may have got Hogarth to help with propaganda for the Gin Act: "Beer Street" and "Gin Lane" were issued shortly after Fielding's work "An Enquiry into the Causes of the Late Increase of Robbers, and Related Writings".

Other prints were his outcry against inhumanity in "The Four Stages of Cruelty" (published 21 February 1751). Hogarth depicts the cruel treatment of animals, and suggests what will happen to people who carry on in this manner. In the first picture there are scenes of torture of dogs, cats and other animals. The second shows one of the characters from the first painting, Tom Nero, has now become a coach driver, and his cruelty to his horse has caused it to break its leg. In the third painting Tom is shown as a murderer, with the woman he killed lying on the ground, while in the fourth, titled "Reward of Cruelty", the murderer is shown being dissected by surgeons after his execution. The method of execution, and the dissection, reflect the 1752 Act of Parliament. This allowed the public dissection of criminals who had been executed for murder.

Hogarth wished to stop "that barbarous (mean) treatment of animals, the very sight of which renders [makes] the streets of our metropolis so distressing to every feeling mind".

"The Humours of an Election" is a series of four oil paintings and later engravings by Hogarth. They show what went on in the 1754 election of a Member of Parliament. The oil paintings were created in 1755. 

At this time each constituency elected two MPs, and there was a property qualification for voters, so only a minority of the male population was enfranchised. There was no secret ballot, so bribery and threats were used to raise votes.

The originals are held by Sir John Soane's Museum, London.

Hogarth was also a popular portrait painter. In 1746 he painted actor David Garrick as Richard III. He was paid £200, “which was more,” he wrote, “than any English artist ever received for a single portrait”. In the same year a sketch of Simon Fraser, 11th Lord Lovat, afterwards beheaded on Tower Hill, had an exceptional success. 

Hogarth's portrait of his friend, the philanthropic Captain Coram (1740; Thomas Coram Foundation for Children, now Foundling Museum), and his unfinished oil sketch of "The Shrimp Girl" (National Gallery, London) are highly regarded. There are also portraits of his wife and his two sisters and of many others.

Andrew Huxley

Sir Andrew Huxley OM FRS (Andrew Fielding Huxley, 22 November 1917 – 30 May 2012) was an English physiologist and biophysicist.

Huxley was born in Hampstead, London. He was the youngest son of writer and editor Leonard Huxley by his second wife Rosalind Bruce. He was the half-brother of writer Aldous Huxley and fellow biologist Julian Huxley, and grandson of biologist T H. Huxley. He studied Natural Sciences at Trinity College, Cambridge.

Huxley won the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Alan Hodgkin and John Eccles for his experimental and mathematical work with Alan Hodgkin on the basis of nerve action potentials. These are the electrical impulses that make nerve fibres work, and so the whole central nervous system.

Hodgkin and Huxley shared the prize that year with Sir John Eccles, who was cited for research on nerve synapses. Hodgkin and Huxley's findings led the pair to suggest the existence of ion channels, which were found only decades later.

Huxley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 17 March 1955. He was President of the Royal Society from 1980 to 1985, and Master of Trinity from 1984–1990. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II on 12 November 1974, and appointed to the Order of Merit on 11 November 1983.



Shōkyō

, also known as Shōkei, was a of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Gentoku and before Kemmu. This period started in April 1332 and ended in April 1334. The pretender in Kyoto was . Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Satyendra Nath Bose

Professor Satyendra Nath Bose laid down the basics for the Bose–Einstein statistics and the theory of the Bose–Einstein condensate. The boson, a kind of particle of matter, is named in his honor. He was a member of the Royal Society and was awarded India's second highest civilian award (called the Padma Vibhushan) in 1954.

Bose’s works helped statistical mechanics, the electromagnetic properties of the ionosphere, the theories of X-ray crystallography, and unified field theory. This work also led Einstein to work with him.

Bose was interested in many subjects including physics, mathematics, chemistry, biology, mineralogy, philosophy, arts, literature and music. He worked on many research and development projects for India and England. He mostly spent his life in London. 

Richard Dawson

Richard Dawson (20 November 1932 – 2 June 2012) was an English-American actor and television presenter. 

Dawson was born Colin Lionel Emm in Gosport, Hampshire to an American father and English mother. Dawson married Diana Dors in 1959; they lived in California. The couple had two sons, entertainment manager Mark (born 1960) and Gary (born 1962). She left him and in 1967 the couple divorced. His second marriage lasted from 1991 until his death from esopheageal cancer in Los Angeles, California.

Dawson played a prisoner of war in "Hogan's Heroes" and hosted "Family Feud". 

Chelsea Bridge

Chelsea Bridge is a bridge over the River Thames in west London. It connects Chelsea on the north bank to Battersea on the south bank.

There have been two Chelsea Bridges, on the site of what was an ancient crossing.

The first Chelsea Bridge was called Victoria Bridge. It opened in 1857.

The old bridge was replaced by the current one in 1937.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.


Swindon

Swindon is a large town in the Borough of Swindon in the county of Wiltshire, South West England. It is the largest settlement in Wiltshire. About 234,000 people live there. It is 81 miles west of London, 40 miles west of Reading, Berkshire, and 40 miles east of Bristol.


Strusta Lake

Strusta Lake is a lake of Vitebsk Province, Belarus. It is part of the Braslau Lakes national park.

Vitebsk Region

Vitebsk Region, Vitsebsk Voblast, or Vitebsk Oblast is a region (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Vitebsk (Viciebsk). As of a 2009, the region had a population of 1,230,800.

Important cities within the region include Vitebsk, Orsha, and Navapolatsk.

The Vitsebsk Voblast is divided into 21 raions, 5 cities of oblast subordinance, 19 additional cities, 249 selsovets, and 26 urban-type settlements.

Vitebsk

Vitebsk, also known as Viciebsk or Vitsyebsk is a city in Belarus, near the border with Russia. It is the capital of the Vitebsk Oblast. In 2004 it had 342,381 people. This makes it the country's fourth largest city. It is served by Vitebsk Vostochny Airport and Vitebsk air base.

The main universities of Vitebsk are Vitebsk State Technological University, Vitebsk State Medical University and Vitebsk State University named in honor of Pyotr Masherov.

In 1919, Vitebsk was made a part of the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia. Then it was transferred to the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and later to the short-lived Litbel. In 1924, it was returned to Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.

According to a legend, the city was founded by the Kyiv princess Olga in 974. The first mention of Vitebsk is dated 1021 AD, where it is said that Yaroslav the Wise handed over two cities ("Vosvyach and Vidbesk") to Prince Bryachislav Izyaslavych. 

In 1165-1167, due to feudal strife, the Vitebsk principality gradually began to lose importance and fell under the rule of the Smolensk princes.

Armed Forces of Belarus

The Armed Forces of Belarus are the Ground Forces and the Belarusian Air Force. All are under the command of the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Belarus. Lieutenant general Yurij Viktorovich Zhadobin is the Minister of Defense since December 4, 2009. Being a landlocked country, Belarus has no navy.

The Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Belarus is the government group that has the duties of raising and maintaining the Armed Forces of Belarus. The formation of the ministry began in 1992. This was a year after the end of the Soviet Union and Belarus becoming an independent state.


Sumida River

The is a Japanese river which flows through Tokyo. It crosses the north part of Tokyo and drains into Tokyo Bay.

The Sumida runs through Tokyo for 27 kilometers. There are 26 bridges across the river, including
















Brest Region

Brest Voblast (Province) or Brest Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Brest. Important cities in the voblast include: Baranovichi, Brest, and Pinsk.

The region was formed in 1939 after Western Belarus rejoined the Byelorussian SSR. Today it has 16 districts (raions), 225 selsovets, 20 cities, 5 city municipalities, 9 urban-type settlements, and 2178 villages.

Brest, Belarus

Brest is a city in Belarus. It is at the border with Poland opposite the city of Terespol, where the Bug River and Mukhavets rivers meet. It is the capital city of the Brest Region.

There are two universities in Brest: A.S.Pushkin State University and Brest State Technical University. There are some newspapers in Brest: Brestskaya Gazeta, Brestskiy Kurier, Brestskiy Vestnik, Vecherniy Brest, Zarya.

Brest is one of the oldest cities of the Galicia-Volyn principality. It was first mentioned in the Lawrence Chronicle in 1017 as a city of Derevlyany. The Novgorod first chronicle mentions this city in the year 1017 "Yaroslav goes to Brest". It is also mentioned in the Tale of Past Years around 1019: Sviatopolk, defeated by Yaroslav Volodymyrovych, fled to Poland via Brest. 

As a border town, Brest was often attacked by Yatvyags, Poles, Lithuanians, and Teutonic Knights. The city was the center of the Brest land and one of the most important cities of Kievan Rus and the Galicia-Volyn principality. 

In 1020 Brest was captured by the King of Poland Boleslaw the Brave, but in 1022 the city was recaptured by Jaroslav the Wise. In 1210 Brest was captured by Konrad Mazowiecki and Leszek Krakowski, but in 1213 the Russian army of Danylo Halytsky returned the city. In 1241 Brest was completely devastated by the Tatars. It was rebuilt by the Volyn princes. Princes Mstislav Danilovich and Yuri Lvovich competed for Brest. 

In the 1320s, Brest was captured by the Lithuanian prince Gediminas. In the 1340s, Brest was ruled by the Lithuanian prince Keystut. In 1366, under the agreement of the Lithuanian prince Olgerd with the Poles, Brest passed to Keystut. In 1379 Brest was burned by the Teutonic knights. In 1382 Brest was besieged by the Polish prince Janusz Mazowiecki. In 1390 the city received the Magdeburg rights in the Holy Roman Empire. In 1397, the Teutonic Knights again ravaged the city.

From 1413 to 1510 the city, together with Brest County, was part of the Trotsky Voivodeship. In 1463 Brest was burned by the Crimean Tatar army led by Mengli-Girey. In 1491 a hospital for the crippled was opened in Brest at the expense of local magnates. In 1500, Mengli-Girey ravaged the city again.

In 1553 the first printing house in the Ukrainian lands was founded in Brest, which published about 40 books in Polish. In the middle of the 16th century, the printing house in Brest was for a short time the center of publishing of Polish-Lithuanian Protestants. In 1563, it published the Bible in Polish.

In 1566, it became the center of the newly created Brest Voivodeship. In 1591 the St. Nicholas Brotherhood began to operate at the Church of St. Nicholas in the city.

In 1596 the Union of Brest was agreed at the church cathedral in Brest. The Eastern Orthodox bishops agreed a union with the Roman Catholic Church. At this Council in the Cathedral Church of St. Nicholas on October 18 (8), 1596, most of the hierarchs of the Kyiv metropolis accepted the union. In 1614 a Jesuit college was founded in Brest.

In September 1648, after the appearance of a small Cossack detachment near Brest, an uprising took place. The nobility was overthrown and declared to join the Hetmanate. The uprising in Brest was suppressed in January 1649 by the Polish army led by Lithuanian Hetman Janusz Radziwill. The city was captured and severely devastated. In 1649 another uprising took place in Brest, during which 2,000 people died. After the Polish occupation of the city, Colonel Duminsky of the Zaporizhzhya Army organized an underground insurgent network in Brest on Khmelnytsky's instructions. He was arrested in the summer of 1651 and later executed.

In 1657, the city was ravaged by the troops of Rakoczi and Karl Gustav. In January 1660, Brest was taken over by the Moscow army led by Khovansky, but in 1661 the Polish army regained control of the city.

In the second half of the XVII century it declined. The city had a Basilian monastery and the Church of the Apostles Peter and Paul.

In 1705 the city was captured by the Saxon army led by Augustus II. In 1707, Swedish troops devastated a number of settlements in Polissya, including Brest. In 1792, the city became the center of the leaders of the Trade Confederation, which opposed the Polish constitution of 1791. 

In 1795, Brest, together with the western part of the Brest Voivodeship, became part of the Russian Empire. In 1801, it became a county town of the Grodno province and officially became known as Brest-Litovsk. In 1802, a fire broke out in Brest, destroying 160 houses. In 1822 and 1828, two more fires broke out in the city, the first of which burned down the commercial part of Brest, and during the fire of 1828 - 220 houses, including the Greek Catholic Church, the Brigitte Monastery, 150 slaughterhouses and 5 Jewish schools.

In order to build a fortress, the Russian authorities completely destroyed the old town of Brest, located between the Western Bug and the Mukhavets. To the east, in 1831, a new city with the old name was founded.

In the second half of the XIX century Brest became a railway junction. Its trade value increased and the population grew (up to 20,000 people in 1880). In 1873 and 1882, workers' strikes took place in the city. In 1905-1907, during revolutionary demonstrations throughout the Russian Empire, workers' strikes took place in Brest as well.

At the beginning of the 20th century, the officer of the fortress Onopriy Vasylenko (Ohrim Varnak) founded a theatrical troupe in the city, organized meetings with readings of Ukrainian classics, rallies of 1905 and celebrations of Taras Shevchenko's anniversaries. In 1902-1914, the troupe staged works by Ivan Kotlyarevsky, Ivan Karpenko-Kary, Hryhoriy Kvitka-Osnovyanenko, and Mark Kropyvnytsky. In 1915-1918, first in Bila Pidlaska, and later in Brest, the Ukrainian weekly Ridne Slovo was published. In 1916, one of the first Enlightenment centers in Polissya was founded in Brest.

In December 1917, peace talks between the Central Powers and the Ukrainian People's Republic and Bolshevik Russia began in Brest. According to the Brest Peace Treaty, signed on February 9, 1918 in the White Palace of the Brest Fortress, Brest, Kholm and Podlasie became part of the Ukrainian People's Republic. In March 1918, the Kholm Provincial Eldership (province) was formed as part of the Ukrainian People's Republic, and Brest became its administrative center. Ukrainian periodicals were published in the city: "Ridne slovo", "Mir", "Visnyk Kholmskoho gubernialskoho starostva". In 1918, a local troupe (Vasyl Dmytriyuk, Bigunivna, G. Drozd, Prokop) staged Ivan Kotlyarevsky's Natalka Poltavka in Brest, and the funds raised went to Turkevych's orphanage. On December 1, 1918, the founding congress of the Enlightenment was held in Brest.

On February 2, 1919, Polish troops entered the Brest region, first capturing the Brest Fortress and later Brest itself.

In 1920, the Ukrainian division of General Bezruchko was established in Brest. In 1920, Brest was captured by Bolshevik troops, but in the same year they were driven out by the Polish army. On March 21, 1920, the 6th Reserve Brigade of the UPR Army under the command of General Ivan Fedenyak-Bilynsky was based in Brest. From 1920, a camp of interned regiments of the UGA operated in the city, and in 1930-1931 it was a prison for opposition deputies.

Rectifier

A rectifier is a device that can convert Alternating current (AC) to Direct current (DC). This is a process called rectification. Many rectifiers in the 20th century were made of metals like copper, iron, and silver. Nowadays most are semiconductors.

"Half-wave rectifiers" only have one side of a waveform, while the "full-wave rectifiers" use both sides of a waveform. The left-hand side of the full-wave rectifier circuit consists of four diodes: a diode bridge. Half-wave current is a current that can only flow in alternate current, a full-wave current can flow both alternating current and direct current. 

Diode bridge is electrical circuit that consists of four diodes. It acts as a full wave rectifier to convert alternating current to direct current.

Gomel Region

Homiel Voblast, Homyel Oblast or Gomel Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. Its administrative center is Gomel.

Important cities in the voblast include: Gomel, Mazyr, Zhlobin, Svetlahorsk, Rechytsia, Kalinkavichy, Rahachow, Dobrush

Homiel Province and Mahilyow Voblast were hurt severely after the Chernobyl nuclear reactor catastrophe. The Gomel Province borders the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone in places. Part of it is a mandatory or voluntary resettlement areas as a result of the radioactive contamination.

The Homiel Voblast has 21 districts (raions), 278 selsovets, 17 cities, and 8 city municipalities.

Gomel

Gomel (also Homiel, Homel) is the administrative center of Gomel Voblast. It is the second-largest city in Belarus. It has a population of 482,652 (2009 census). Gomel is in the southeastern part of the country, on the right bank of Sozh river. It is to the South-East from Minsk, to the East from Brest, to the South from Mogilev, to the West from Bryansk and to the North from Chernihiv. The city's area is 121 km.


Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II

The Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II was an event to celebrate the reign of Queen Elizabeth II for 60 years since 1952.

A royal on the Thames was one of several events which marked the special anniversary. The Queen and members of her family were on board the "Spirit of Chartwell" royal barge. The barge was joined by a 1,000-boat parade down the river Thames.


George W. Snyder

George W. Snyder (1780-1841) was an American watchmaker and inventor. Snyder invented the fishing reel in the 1820s.

The Long Good Friday

The Long Good Friday is a 1980 British crime movie. It is set in London. It was directed by John Mackenzie and written by Barrie Keeffe. It stars Bob Hoskins as gangster Harold Shand and Helen Mirren as Victoria.

Grodno Region

Grodno/Hrodna Region is a voblast (province) in northwestern Belarus.

The capital Grodno is the biggest city of the province. It is on the Neman River. Two castles from the 14th - 18th centuries are on the steep right bank of the Nemen. Many say this city is one of the most beautiful in Belarus. The Orthodox "St Boris & St Gleb (Kalozhskaya) Church" dating back to the 12th century, is the second oldest in Belarus.

The Mir Castle Complex, a 16th-century historical landmark as well as part of the Belovezhskaya Pushcha nature reserve, both UNESCO World Heritage sites are in this region.

The Grodno Region is divided into 17 districts (raions), 194 selsovets, 12 cities, 6 city municipalities, and 21 urban-type settlements.

Mogilev Region

Mogilev Region, also Mahilyow Voblasts (Province) or Mogilyov Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Mogilyov (Mahilyow).

Mogilev and Homyel Voblasts suffered severely after the Chernobyl nuclear radioactive reactor catastrophe in April 1986.

Important cities in the voblast are: Mogilyov, Asipovichy, and Babruysk.

Many rivers flow through the Mahilyow Voblast. They include the: Dnieper River (Dniapro), Berezina, Sozh, Druts, Pronya and Ptsich rivers.

There are 21 districts (raions), 195 selsovets, 14 towns, 3 city municipalities, and 12 urban-type settlements.

Mogilev

Mogilev (also spelled Mogilyov or Mahilyow) is a city in eastern Belarus. It is about from the border with Russia's Smolensk Oblast and from the border with Russia's Bryansk Oblast. As of 2011, 360,918 people lived there. It is the administrative centre of Mahilyow Voblast. It is the third largest city in Belarus.

Have I Got News for You

Have I Got News for You is a British comedy television panel game shown on the BBC. It began on 28 September 1990. During each episode, two teams compete to win points by answering questions on recent news events. Each team has a captain and two celebrity guests. One captain is Ian Hislop, the other is Paul Merton. The host was Angus Deayton until he was sacked in October 2002. Since then, there have been many guest presenters.

Series 61 ended in 2021.

Many guests have appeared on the programme multiple times. 

One More Night

One More Night is a song performed by American pop rock group Maroon 5 from their fourth studio album "Overexposed." The single was released for digital download and contemporary radio on June 26, 2012. The song was written by frontman Adam Levine, producer Shellback, executive Max Martin and Savan Kotecha and was produced by Ryan Tedder. The song debuted live at Revel in Atlantic City, New Jersey on the evening of May 18, 2012 and was viraly uploaded by several other people on YouTube the next day. The pop-reggae fused song was announced on May 22nd on the band's official site that it would serve as the second single for their fourth album. 

The song was recorded live in Los Angeles, California earlier in 2012. The band said in an interview with Rolling Stone that it the band's first attempt at trying a reggae song and fusing it with a simple pop melody.

The song was released on the same day as their fourth studio album "Overexposed" on June 26, 2012. 

Terrell, Texas

Terrell is a city in Kaufman County, Texas, United States. It is a southeastern suburb of Dallas. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 17,465. Terrell is east of Dallas.

Terrell is the home of the Terrell State Hospital, a psychiatric inpatient hospital with 316 beds operated under the direction of the Texas Department of State Health Services.

Jamie Foxx, an actor, grew up in Terrell and graduated in 1986 from Terrell High School, along with Cynthea Rhodes, a member of the USA Track & Field team in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Joe Doucet a notable American designer graduated in 1988. Terrell High School has also graduated four NFL players which are: Brice McCain, who was drafted in the NFL by the Houston Texans; C.J. Wilson, who played for the Los Angeles Angels; and Kenoy Kennedy, who played for the Denver Broncos and Detroit Lions; and Darius Johnson who played for the Denver Broncos.

Current U.S. Congressman Lance Gooden is a native of Terrell.

Minsk Region

Minsk Voblasc (Province) or Minsk Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Minsk. As of 2019, the voblast's population is 1,503,000, which has 15.3% of the national total.

In the northern part of the oblast is the Lake Narach, the largest lake of the country.

There are 22 districts (raions), 307 selsovets, 22 cities, 8 city municipalities, and 20 urban-type settlements.

Minsk Region covers 39,900 km², which stands about 19.44% of the total area of Belarus Republic. There is the largest lake in the country called Narach in the Minsk Region.


Belarusian ruble

The ruble is the currency of Belarus. The symbol for the ruble is "Br" and the ISO 4217 code is "BYN".

In 2000, notes were introduced in amounts of 1, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1,000 and 5,000 rublei. In 2001 and 2002, higher amounts of 10,000, 20,000 and 50,000 rublei were introduced, followed by 100,000 rublei in 2005. 


Further-eastern European Time

Further-eastern European Time (FET) also called Moscow Time (MSK) and Turkey Time (TRT) is since September 2011 three hours ahead of UTC (). It was started as the official time for the Russian Kaliningrad Oblast and then followed by Belarus, Northern Cyprus, and Turkey.

Until 2011, Further-eastern European Time was the same as Eastern European Time (UTC+2). on 27 March 2011, Russia moved to the so called "year-round daylight saving time". Belarus followed Russia on September 15, 2011. Both Turkey and Northern Cyprus also cancelled DST on September 7, 2016, and has switched to FET permanently.On October 29, 2017, Northern Cyprus returned to EET. 

UTC+03:00

UTC+03:00 makes clocks 3 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.

These are the countries who use UTC+03:00 as their time.



Telephone numbers in Belarus

Country Code: +375<br>
International Call Prefix: 00 (was 8~10)<br>
Trunk Prefix: 8

Belarus began using its own country code +375 in 1995. Before that it was part of the +7 international country code. The local numbering plan came from USSR. It has changed little.

Geographic area codes were made based on previous 3-digit USSR area codes by removing the lead "0". Calling across areas still requires dialing trunk prefix 8 and waiting for dialtone after that. 

Francysk Skaryna

Francysk Skaryna was a Belarusian famous as one of the first publishers in Eastern Europe. He helped develop the Belarusian language.

He was born in the historical Belarusian city of Polotsk into the family of a rich merchant. The exact dates of birth and death are unknown. It was about 1485–1540 or 1490–1551.

Skaryna graduated from the arts faculty at the University of Kraków in 1504. In 1512 he received doctorate in medicine at the University of Padua in Italy. In 1517 he made a printing press in Prague. He published his first book called "The Psalter", in the Old Belarusian language on 6 August 1517. The most important part of his life's work was printing a translation of the Bible in 22 books during 1517 to 1519.

Around 1522 he moved to Vilnius. He made the first printing house in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The first book published there was "The Little Travel Guide". The printing house closed down. Skaryna spent his last years working as a doctor for Ferdinand I of Germany.


2011–12 Chicago Blackhawks season

The 2011–12 Chicago Blackhawks season was the team's 86th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Blackhawks signed goaltender Corey Crawford to a 3-year, 8 million dollar contract. They clinched the playoffs on March 31, 2012 when they defeated the Nashville Predators 5-4. Their win marked the 4th consecutive season in which the Blackhawks made the playoffs. They were defeated by the Phoenix Coyotes in the first round of the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs.

Yanka Kupala

Yanka Kupala ( – June 28, 1942) was the pen name of Ivan Daminikavich Lutsevich. He was a Belarusian poet and writer. Kupala is said to be one of the greatest Belarusian-language writers of the 20th century.

Kupala was born on July 7, 1882 in Viazynka. His family was of Szlachta origins. Both of his parents were tenant farmers. Kupala received a traditional Belarusian education. He finished his studies in 1898. After the death of his father in 1902, Kupala worked several short-term jobs. These included being a tutor, a shop assistant, and a record keeper.

Kupala's first serious try at writing was "Ziarno". It was a Polish-language sentimental poem which he completed around 1903–1904. His first Belarusian-language work ("Мая доля") was dated July 15, 1904. Kupala's first published poem, "Мужык" ("Peasant"), was published about a year later. It was in the newspaper on May 11, 1905. Several more poems by Kupala were in the Belarusian-language newspaper "Nasha Niva" from 1906 to 1907.

Kupala moved from Belarus to Vilnius in 1908. He continued with his career as a poet. The first published collection of his poems, "Жалейка" ("The Little Flute") made the czarist government mad. The order for Kupala's arrest was ended in 1909.

Kupala left for St. Petersburg in 1909. In 1910 he published several works. He left St. Petersburg and returned to Vilnius in 1913. Among those influencing Kupala in the 1910s was Maxim Gorky.

Kupala's writing changed to an optimistic tone after the Great October Revolution of 1917. 

Kupala was awarded the Order of Lenin in 1941 for the poetry collection "Ад сэрца" ("From the Heart").

In 1941 he moved to Moscow and then to Tatarstan. But even from there he wrote poems supporting Belarus fighting against Nazi Germany. He died mysteriously in 1942 in Moscow. He fell down the stairwell in Hotel Moskva. The death was said to be accidental. Some people think it was suicide or murder.

Ryan Sypek

Ryan Sypek (born August 6, 1982) is an American actor.


Las Vegas (TV series)

Las Vegas is an American television series broadcast by NBC from September 22, 2003 to February 15, 2008.



Nikki Cox

Nicole Avery "Nikki" Cox (born June 2, 1978) is an American actress. She is famous for her roles on television series Unhappily Ever After, Las Vegas and Nikki.


James Lesure

James Lesure (born September 21, 1970) is an American actor. He acted in the television series "Las Vegas".

Molly Sims

Molly Sims (born May 25, 1973 ) is an American actress. She acted on the television series "Las Vegas".


Vanessa Marcil

Vanessa Marcil (born October 15, 1968) is an American actress. She acted on the television series "Las Vegas".

Marsha Thomason

Marsha Thomason (born January 19, 1976 ) is an English actress. She acted on the television series "Las Vegas".

Madame Tussauds

Madame Tussauds is a wax museum in London with branches in a number of major cities. It was founded by wax sculptor Marie Tussaud. It used to be called "Madame Tussaud's", but the apostrophe is no longer used. Madame Tussauds is a major tourist attraction in London. It has waxwork displays of historical and royal figures, film stars, sports stars and infamous murderers.

Caste (biology)

In some eusocial species, individuals of one species live together in colonies. These groups are often called nests or hives. Often there is a division of labour. In Hymenoptera, for example, a hive may have several kinds of females, which by Polyphenism carry out different tasks, and whose bodies are different. 

Such specialized types in one species are known as castes. Castes that are not involved in producing offspring are usually sterile. The term originally comes from the caste-system in Hinduism.


Corps of Bridges and Roads (France)

The Corps of Bridges ("Corps des Ponts") is a French civil service corps.

People entering the Corps are trained at the '. Most of them are from the '. The rest come from the "".

In 2002, the corps of the engineers of Bridges and Roads ("Ponts et Chaussées"), the engineers of civil aviation, the engineers-geographs and the meteorological engineers merged. Students who choose the corps of engineers of civil aviation are trained at the French Civil Aviation University.



Motherwell railway station

Motherwell railway station is a train station in Motherwell, Scotland. It is a big station, with four platforms, making it the biggest station in North Lanarkshire. The station can get you to big places such as London and Glasgow. There is a train every 10 minutes going to Glasgow Central station. It is managed by First ScotRail.

Hammersmith

Hammersmith is an urban centre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham in west London. It is about five miles west of Charing Cross.


Danny Boyle

Daniel Boyle (born 20 October 1956) is a British movie director and producer. He was born in Radcliffe, Lancashire into a working-class Irish Catholic family.

His movies include "Shallow Grave", "Trainspotting", "A Life Less Ordinary", "The Beach", "28 Days Later", "Millions", "28 Weeks Later", "Sunshine", "Slumdog Millionaire" and "127 Hours". Boyle was nominated for five BAFTA Awards and three Academy Awards. He directed the 2018 television series "Trust" based on the kidnapping of John Paul Getty III, the grandson of J. Paul Getty.

Vasil Bykaŭ

Vasil Uładzimiravič Bykaŭ (June 19, 1924 – June 22, 2003) was an author of many novels and novellas about World War II. He is a big figure in Belarusian literature and civic thought. The writer's talent earned him endorsements for the Nobel Prize nomination from, among others, Nobel Prize laureates Joseph Brodsky and Czesław Miłosz.

Vasil Bykaŭ was born in the village Byčki, not far from Viciebsk in 1924. In 1941 he was in Ukraine when Germany attacked the USSR. He volunteered for the Red Army. For years after the war he continued to serve. He returned to the USSR only in the mid-1950s. There he started to work as a journalist for the Hrodna Pravda newspaper. In that same decade his first novellas were published.

Bykaŭ was one of the most admired writers in the Soviet Union. In 1980 he was awarded the title of People's Writer of the Belarusian SSR. Vasil Bykaŭ is the most widely read Belarusian writer outside of Belarus.


Uladzimir Karatkievich

Uladzimir Karatkievich or Vladimir Korotkevich (26 November 1930 – 25 July 1984) was a Belarusian romantic writer.

Karatkievich was born in 1930 in Orsha, Viciebsk region. In 1954 he graduated from Kiev University. Later, he completed advanced literature courses (1960), and then cinematography (1962), both in Moscow. Literature then became his main job. His first published work was a poem that appeared in 1951. He published a large number of short stories, in collections entitled "Chazenia", "The Eye of the Typhoon", "From Past Ages", and others. He also wrote the novels "Unforgettable" and "The Dark Castle Olshansky". Karatkievich's most popular work is the novel "The Wild Hunt of King Stakh" Karatkievič also wrote a number of plays, essays, articles, screenplays for short and feature movies. He also wrote some very interesting detective and adventure stories. 

Supervolcano

A supervolcano is a volcano that can make a volcanic eruption where the things being thrown out of the volcano have a volume bigger than , which is a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 8. If the definition is expanded, supervolcanoes also include volcanoes that have volcanic eruptions with a volume bigger than , which is a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 7. This is thousands of times bigger than most volcanic eruptions which happened a long time. Supervolcanoes can occur when magma in the Earth rises into the crust from a hotspot, but can not break through the crust. More and more pressure builds up in a large and growing magma pool until the crust can no longer take the pressure. 

Although there are not many Quaternary supervolcanoes, supervolcanic eruptions usually cover very big areas with lava and volcanic ash. They can also cause a long-lasting change to weather (such as causing a volcanic winter which can trigger a small ice age), enough to possibly make species extinct.

The term "supervolcano" was first used in the BBC popular science television program "Horizon" in 2000 to mean eruptions of this type. 

Volcanologists (who study with volcanoes) and geologists do not say "supervolcanoes" in their scientific work. This is because the word can mean many different geothermal conditions. Since 2003, however, the term has been used by professionals when showing things to the public. The term "megacaldera" is sometimes used for calderas which are quite similar to supervolcanoes, such as the Blake River Megacaldera Complex in the Abitibi greenstone belt of Ontario and Quebec, Canada.

VEI 8 eruptions are considered super-eruptions due to their large scale. The Earth's most recent supereruption is the Oruanui eruption, occurring 26,500 years ago.



Stanisław Moniuszko

Stanisław Moniuszko (May 5, 1819 in Ubiel, near Minsk – June 4, 1872 in Warsaw, Congress Poland) was a Polish composer, conductor and teacher. He is generally called the father of Polish national opera.

Moniuszko was born in Ubiel (Minsk district in modern Belarus) to a Polish-Armenian noble family of landowners. He showed an early ability in music, and began private piano lessons with August Freyer in 1827. Moniuszko began to formally study composition in Berlin with Karl Friedrich Rungenhagen, who also taught him in choral conducting. While in Berlin, he had an unexpected early success when he set three songs to the words of the Polish national poet, Adam Mickiewicz.

After three years in Berlin, he returned to Poland in 1840 to marry Aleksandra Müller. He got a job as an organist in Vilnius and also worked as a private piano tutor. The Moniuszkos had ten children.

Around 1840, he began to compose strongly, writing his first operas and several other stage works, as well as sacred music and secular cantatas. 

During his lifetime Moniuszko traveled many times to St. Petersburg where his concerts were very well received. He was the mentor of César Cui. 

In 1848 in Vilnius, he staged and conducted the first performance of his opera "Halka". After the triumph of his new four-act version of "Halka" at Warsaw on 1 January 1858, he toured France. It was soon later staged in Prague, Moscow and St. Petersburg, where it met with great success. 

On 1 August 1858 he was made conductor of the Polish Opera in the Grand Theatre in Warsaw. In 1864, Moniuszko started lecturing at the Music Institute in Warsaw, where he also directed a choir. His disciples included, among others, Zygmunt Noskowski and Henryk Jarecki.

Stanisław Moniuszko died on 4 June 1872 in Warsaw of a sudden heart attack. He was buried in Powązki Cemetery. 



"More than 300, listing the most popular:"






Due to the current obscurity of Moniuszko outside Poland, this list more or less represents a complete discography.







Prix Benois de la Danse

The Benois de la Danse is one of the most prestigious ballet competitions. It was started by the International Dance Association in Moscow in 1991. It takes place each year on or around April 29 and is jury-based in its judging. The members of this jury change every year and have only top ballet personages.

Statuettes are given to the winners in the categories of lifelong achievement, ballerina, danseur, choreographer, composer and designer.

The idea for the Benois de la Danse was started in Moscow. The founders got support of UNESCO in the autumn of 1992. Its scheduling at the end of April is to match with the birthday of Alexandre Benois (1870–1960).

French sculptor Igor Ustinov designed the statuette of the Benois de la Danse award in 1992. He is the son of the famous actor Peter Ustinov, a great-nephew of Alexandre Benois.


Bread and salt

Bread and salt is a Slavic welcome greeting ceremony and also a type of food.

When important, respected, or admired guests arrive, they are given a loaf of bread placed on a "rushnik" (embroidered towel). A salt holder or a salt cellar is placed on top of the bread loaf or secured in a hole on the top of the loaf.
In modern Russia, on official occasions, the "bread and salt" is presented by young women dressed in national costumes (e.g., sarafan and kokoshnik).

When this tradition is observed in spaceflight, small packages of bread and salt are used.

Kvass

Kvass is a fermented beverage made from black or regular rye bread. The colour of the bread used helps to make the colour of the drink. It is a non-alcoholic drink by Russian standards. This is because the alcohol content from fermentation is less than 1.2%. Overall, the alcohol content is low (0.05% - 1.0%). It is often flavoured with fruits or herbs such as strawberries, raisins or mint. Kvass is also used for preparing a cold summertime soup called "okroshka".

It is popular in Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Lithuania, Latvia, Poland, Estonia, and other Eastern and Central European countries, It is also popular in countries that used to be apart of the USSR (former Soviet states), such as Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, where one can see many kvass vendors in the streets. Kvass is also popular in Harbin and Xinjiang, areas within China that are influenced by Russian culture.

Okroshka

Okróshka is a cold soup from Russia. It is also found in Ukraine and Belarus. The name is probably from "kroshit'" (крошить), which means to crumble into small pieces.
The classic soup is a mix of mostly raw vegetables (like cucumbers and spring onions), boiled potatoes, eggs, and a cooked meat such as beef, veal, sausages, or ham with kvass. Kvass is a mildly alcoholic beverage made from fermented black or rye bread. Okroshka is usually served with sour cream. Later versions use light or diluted kefir, vinegar, mineral water, or even beer instead of kvass.

The ingredients are diced and then mixed with kvass just before eating. The ratio of chopped food to kvass is similar to that of cereal to milk. This lets the vegetables to keep their texture. Even though the ingredients are similar to those in a Russian salad, the taste of okroshka is quite different.

Okroshka is mostly served in summer. This is because the soup adds the taste of kvass and the lightness of a salad. Salt and sugar can be added according to taste.

Okroshka is always served cold. Sometimes ice cubes are added to keep the soup cold in hot weather.

Transit of Venus

A transit of Venus across the Sun happens when the planet Venus goes between the Sun and Earth. It is a syzygy and a partial occultation of the Sun. When a transit happens, Venus can be seen as a small black dot going across the Sun. Transits of Venus usually take several hours.

Transits of Venus are among the rarest of predictable events which happen in astronomy. They occur in a pattern that repeats every 243 years, with pairs of transits eight years apart separated by long gaps of 121.5 years and 105.5 years.

The most recent transit of Venus happened on 5 and 6 June 2012. It was the last Venus transit this century. The one before took place on 8 June 2004. The next transits of Venus will be in December 2117 and December 2125.

The transit on 5 and 6 June 2012 was broadcast live on the Internet.

During the 18th century, astronomers tried to use transits of Venus to measure the astronomical unit, the distance from the Earth to the Sun. Many countries sent expeditions to distant lands to observe the transits from places as far apart as possible for maximum parallax.

One of the most famous expeditions was the voyage of Lieutenant James Cook in the HMS "Endeavour". 

Mir Castle Complex

The Mir Castle Complex (, Łacinka: Mirski zamak, , ) is a UNESCO World Heritage site in Belarus. It is in the town of Mir.

The building of the castle began at the end of the 15th century. It is in the Gothic architecture style. Building of the castle was completed by Duke Ilinich in the early 16th century. Around 1568 the Mir Castle was owned by Mikołaj Krzysztof "the Orphan" Radziwiłł. He finished building the castle in the Renaissance style. A three-storey palace was built along the eastern and northern walls of the castle. 
After being not lived in for nearly a century, and having severe damage during the Napoleonic period, the castle was restored at the end of the 19th century. In 1813, after the death of Dominik Hieronim Radziwiłł, his daughter Stefania got the castle. She married Ludwig zu Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. The castle later went to their daughter Maria, who married Prince Chlodwig Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst. 

Their son, Maurice Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst sold the castle to Nikolai Sviatopolk-Mirski in 1895. Nikolaj's son Michail began to rebuild the castle according to the plans of architect Teodor Bursze. The Sviatopolk-Mirski family owned the castle up to 1939.

During WWII, it came under Nazi control. It was a ghetto for the local Jewish population. Between 1944 and 1956, the castle was used as a housing facility. This partly damaged the castle's inside. 

In December, 2000, the Mir Castle was listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.

Nesvizh Castle

Nesvizh Castle or Niasvizh Castle is a castle of the Radziwill family in Nesvizh in Belarus.

The estate was owned by the Radziwiłł Belarus magnate family starting in 1533. It was given to Mikołaj Radziwiłł and his brother Jan Radziwiłł after the Kiszka family died. Since the Radziwills were one of the most important and rich clans of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, it was there that the Lithuanian Archive was moved in 1551. In 1586 the estate was made into an "ordynacja".

In 1582 Mikołaj Krzysztof "Sierotka" Radziwiłł started to build a large square three-storey chateau. Building was completed by 1604. They added several galleries half a century later. The château's corners had four octagonal towers.

In 1706, during the Great Northern War, Charles XII's army sacked the castle. The destroyed its fortifications. Several decades later, the Radziwills asked some German and Italian architects to fix and enlarge the chateau. Antoni Zaleski decorated its yellow facades with baroque stucco work. The 16th-century castle gates were also reconstructed. It was at this time that the three separate buildings surrounding the central courtyard were joined into a single structure.

The most important building in Nesvizh is the Corpus Christi Church. It is connected with the castle by a dam over a ditch. It has coffins of 72 members of the Radziwill family, each in a simple coffin made of birch and marked with Trąby Coat of Arms. Designed by the Italian architect Gian Maria Bernardoni, the church is said to be the first Jesuit temple patterned after Il Gesù in Rome. It is the first domed basilica with Baroque facade in the world and the first baroque piece of architecture in Eastern Europe.

In 1770 the castle was taken by Russian forces. The Radziwill family was removed. The Lithuanian Archive was moved to Saint Petersburg (where it remains). The works of art in the palace were given to various Russian nobles. The Russian army left. The palace slowly fell into disrepair. It was restored by the Radziwills. Between 1881 and 1886 the castle's insides were fixed by Prince Anton Radizwill and his French wife, Marie de Castellane. They also made a landscape park in English style. With an area of more than one square kilometre, the park is one of the biggest in Europe.

In 1939, the Radziwill family was removed from the castle by the invading Red Army. In Soviet times, the chateau was used a sanatorium.

In 1994, the castle complex was made a national historical and cultural reserve. Twelve years later, the castle complex was added on the World Heritage List.

NWA Wildside

NWA Wildside was an American professional wrestling company based in Cornelia, Georgia. It operated between September 1999 and April 2005. While in operation, NWA Wildside was one of the main associates of the National Wrestling Alliance and was one of the most-watched wrestling companies in the United States. Wildside was at first named National Championship Wrestling in 1997 and was owned by Steve Martin. In December 1999 NCW merged with NWA Georgia to form NWA Wildside under the ownership of Bill Behrens.

World Championship Wrestling hired NWA Wildside to be its development territory, and sent their training wrestlers like Shannon Moore, Jamie Noble, Sean O'Haire, Mark Jindrak and Elix Skipper to compete there. Soon, World Championship Wrestling hired some NWA Wildside wrestlers for their shows including A.J. Styles, Frank Paris, Onyx, David Young and Rick Michaels appearing on World Wrestling Federation.

With Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, some NWA Wildside stars such as Styles, Abyss, Young, Onyx, Slim J, Hotstuff Hernandez, Jason Cross, Jimmy Rave, Altar Boy Luke, Matt Sydal, Delirious and Tony Mamaluke appeared for the company. Wildside's weekly wrestling show aired nationally in the U.S. and was available to as much as 40% of the United States.

In 2004, Wildside was shown by The Wrestling Channel in the United Kingdom giving them a bigger audience. Two of the main sellers of Wildside were the fact that their wrestlers were allowed to be more creative in the ring, and the announcers gave a correct showing to the product rather than treating it as a joke.

NWA Wildside closed down after 300 weeks of television because owner Behrens accepted a job with WWE. He then worked with Jody Hamilton, the owner of DSW, a former WWE developmental territory in McDonough, Georgia. Behrens left DSW after getting the promotion ready to show TV but before TV production began due to creative differences with Hamilton, and was employed by TNA as Director of Third Party Bookings.

Lambeth Bridge

Lambeth Bridge is a road traffic and footbridge crossing the River Thames in an east-west direction in central London, England.

On the east side of the bridge is the London Borough of Lambeth and Lambeth Palace which is the official London residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury. On the west side of the bridge is the City of Westminster and Thames House, which is the headquarters of MI5). The Palace of Westminster is a short walk downstream to the north through the Victoria Tower Garden.

The river flows north at the crossing point. Downstream, the next bridge is Westminster Bridge. Upstream the next is Vauxhall Bridge.

The first crossing at this site was a suspension bridge which was built in 1862. The current bridge opened in 1932

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.



Boca Juniors

Club Atlético Boca Juniors () is professional football club in La Boca, a neighbourhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina. They play their home games at La Bombonera. 

Boca Juniors and River Plate have an intense rivalry, and matches between them are sometimes very heated. Matches between them are known as the Superclásico, and both teams are from Buenos Aires.





Prime (movie)

Prime is a 2005 American romantic comedy-drama movie set in Manhattan, New York City. It was written and directed by Ben Younger. It stars Uma Thurman, Meryl Streep and Bryan Greenberg.

Thurman plays 37 year old divorced photographer Rafi Gardet, who begins a sexual relationship with 23 year old David Bloomberg, who is Jewish. Streep plays her psychiatrist Lisa Metzger, whom she tells about the relationship. Both women find out that the man involved is Lisa's son. Lisa disapproves of the relationship because of the age-gap and because Rafi is not Jewish.

Isaac Levitan

Isaac Ilyich Levitan (; August 30, 1860 – ) was a Lithuanian-Russian landscape painter of Jewish descent.

Levitan was born in 1860 in Kibarty, Lithuania. His father worked for a railroad company. From 1873 to 1885, Levitan went to school at the Moscow College of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture in Moscow, Russia. He learned painting form the painters Savrasov and Polenov. Starting in 1884 his paintings went on display with the Society for Circulating Art Exhibitions. He became a member of the society in 1891. Levitan taught landscape painting at the Moscow College of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture starting in 1898. He died in Moscow in 1900.

In his career as a painter, Levitan painted many landscapes which were later thought of as masterpieces of Russian art. Levitan painted simple landscapes from Russia. Early in his career he painted scenes from around Moscow. Next he painted scenes from around the Volga River. His later paintings came from Vladimir, Vyshny Volochek, and the Tver region of Russia.

Białowieża Forest

Białowieża Forest <ref name="list/33">known as Belovezhskaya Pushcha "Belovezhskaya Pushcha / Białowieża Forest" at the UNESCO official webpage in Belarus and in Poland</ref> is an ancient woodland. It is on the border between Poland and Belarus. It is north of Brest (Belarus) and southeast of Białystok (Poland). It is one of the last and largest remaining parts of the large primeval forest that once went across the European Plain.

This UNESCO World Heritage Site and Biosphere Reserve are in parts of the Brest Voblast and Hrodna Voblast in Belarus. On the Polish side they are near the town of Białowieża in the Podlaskie Voivodeship. Białowieża means the White Tower in Polish.

The border between the two countries runs through the forest. There is a border crossing for hikers and cyclists. The forest is home to 800 wisent, the continent's heaviest land animals.

On the Belarusian side the Biosphere Reserve is . The National Park and World Heritage Site are . The Belavezhskaya Pushcha headquarters at Kamieniuki, Belarus has a laboratory and a zoo. The zoo has wisent, konik (a semi-wild horse), wild boar, moose, and other animals. There is also a small museum, restaurant, snack bar and hotel. Because of the lack of facilities and having few tourists in the country, few foreign tourists visit the Belarusian Pushcha each year.

On the Polish side, part of the Białowieża Forest is protected as the Białowieża National Park (Białowieski Park Narodowy). It has a general area of about . There is also the Białowieża Glade (Polana Białowieska). This has several buildings first owned by the tsars of Russia. The tsars were the last private owners of the forest (from 1888 to 1917) when the whole forest was in the Russian Empire. A hotel, restaurant and parking areas are there. Guided tours into the strictly controlled areas of the park can be arranged on foot or by horse-drawn carriage. About 200,000 tourists visit the Polish part of the forest each year. Activities are: bird watching with local ornithologist, watching bisons in their natural environment, and sledge and carriage rides with a bonfire. The popular village of Białowieża is in the forest.

The forest has a number of large, ancient pedunculate oaks ("Quercus robur"), some of which are individually named. Trunk circumferences are measured at breast height, above the ground.



Polish environmentalists say that logging is threatening the flora and fauna in the forest, including species of rare birds. Poland's state forestry board is saying that it is being done for protection and for ecological reasons.

Regions of Belarus

Belarus is divided into six "oblasts" ("voblasts" or provinces). These oblasts are the first-level subdivisions of Belarus. The city of Minsk has a special status as the capital of Belarus. Minsk is also the capital of Minsk Region.

The regions of Belarus are divided into "raions" (districts).

The layout and size of the regions were created in 1960 when Belarus (then the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic) became a republic of the Soviet Union.

At the start of the 20th century, the borders of the Belarusian lands in the Russian Empire were still being made. In 1900 it was made of the entire Minsk Governorate and Mogilev Governorate, most of Grodno Governorate, parts of Vitebsk Governorate, and parts of Vilna Governorate (Vilna Governorate is now in Lithuania). World War I, the independence of Poland, and the 1920-1921 Polish–Soviet War changed the borders. In 1921, Belarus had what is now all of Minsk Region except for the western fringe, the western part of Gomel Region, a western slice of Mahilyow Region, and a small part of Vitebsk Region. In 1926, the eastern part of Gomel Region was added.

In Soviet Belarus, new administrative units, called "oblast" or "voblast" were created in 1938. And again, during World War II, the borders changed. In 1939 they were reset with Belarus gaining territory to the west, Baranavichy, Belastok (Białystok), Brest, Pinsk, and Vileyka oblasts. In 1944 Belastok was removed and the new oblasts of Babruysk, Grodno, and Polotsk were created. At the same time, Vileyka Oblast was renamed Molodechno Oblast.

At different times between 1938 and 1960, the following "oblasts" existed:



Southwark Bridge

Southwark Bridge is an arch bridge across the River Thames in London, England. The bridge makes it possible to travel back and forth between Southwark and the City of London 

At the north-west side is Vintners Court.

The south end is near the Tate Modern and Globe Theatre

The next bridge upstream is the London Millennium Bridge. The next downstream is Cannon Street Railway Bridge.

Southwark Bridge opened in 1921. A previous bridge on this site opened in 1819

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.



Struve Geodetic Arc

The Struve Geodetic Arc is a chain of survey triangulations that go from Hammerfest in Norway to the Black Sea. They go through ten countries and over . It made the first accurate measurement of a meridian arc.

The chain was made and used by the German-born Russian scientist Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve in the years 1816 to 1855. He did this to find the exact size and shape of the earth. At that time, the chain passed through two countries: Union of Sweden-Norway and the Russian Empire. The Arc's first point is in Tartu Observatory. This is where Struve did much of his research.

In 2005, the chain was added on the World Heritage List. There are 34 plaques or obelisks out of the original 265.











Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe

For lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe, see:

List of World Heritage Sites in Sweden

There are fourteen official UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Sweden. There are twelve cultural sites, one natural site and one mixed site.

List of World Heritage Sites in France

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in France that are in UNESCO's World Heritage List. Currently, thirty-seven properties in France are on the World Heritage List. Thirty-three of these are cultural properties, three are natural properties, and one is mixed. The first was added to the list in 1979 and the latest in 2011. 

List of World Heritage Sites in the Republic of Ireland

World Heritage Sites in Ireland are places that are in the UNESCO World Heritage Programme. These are places of outstanding cultural or natural importance to the common heritage of mankind. 

Located in County Meath, the site is several Neolithic chamber tombs, standing stones, henges and other prehistoric enclosures. Some date to as early as 35th century BC - 32nd century BC. The site came before the Egyptian pyramids. It was built with a knowledge of science and astronomy. This is most evident in the passage grave of Newgrange. The site is often called the "Bend of the Boyne". Some people think this is what Brú na Bóinne means, but it does not. It means "Palace of the Boyne". It was made a World Heritage Site in 1993.

Off the coast of west County Kerry, Skellig Michael was probably founded in the 7th century. For 600 years the island was a centre of monastic life for Irish Christian monks. The Gaelic monastery is almost at the top of the 230-metre-high rock. It became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996. It is one of Europe's better known but hardest to reach monasteries.

List of World Heritage Sites in the Netherlands

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in the Netherlands with properties of cultural and natural heritage in the Netherlands that are on UNESCO's World Heritage List. Currently, nine properties in the Netherlands and Curaçao are on the World Heritage List. Eight of these are cultural properties and one is a natural property. The first was added to the list in 1995 and the latest in 2010. Seven properties are in the Netherlands, one is in Curaçao, and one is in both the Netherlands and Germany. The Wadden Sea is in the Netherlands, Germany, and Denmark, but only the Dutch and German parts are on the World Heritage List.

List of World Heritage Sites in Switzerland

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in Switzerland with cultural and natural heritage in Switzerland that are in UNESCO's World Heritage List. 
Currently, eleven properties are on the World Heritage List. Eight of these are cultural properties and three are natural properties. The first three were added to the list in 1983 and the latest in 2011. 

List of World Heritage Sites in Armenia

There are currently 3 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Armenia. 

The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:

List of World Heritage Sites in Bulgaria

The List of World Heritage Sites in Bulgaria is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Bulgaria agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1974.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are nine WHS places in Bulgaria. The first four properties were added in the World Heritage List in 1979, and the last in 1985.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Poland

There are thirteen UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Poland. The first properties were added to the World Heritage List in 1978. Two of the sites are shared with neighboring countries.

List of World Heritage Sites in Romania

The List of World Heritage Sites in Romania is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Romania agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1990.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are seven WHS places in Romania.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Russia

The List of World Heritage Sites in Russia is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Russia agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1988.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are 24 WHS places in the Russian Federation.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Turkey

Below is the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Turkey. 


Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel

Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel (ATSEPs) are the air traffic management technical staff in charge of the electronics and software used for the safety of air traffic.

In France, ATSEPs are from the French Civil Aviation University, and in Morocco from the "Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile".


Instrument rating

Instrument rating refers to the qualification that a pilot must have in order to fly under Instrument Flight Rules, that means without looking outside, only by looking the cockpit instruments. 

Type rating

A type rating is an authorization to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training. What aircraft require a type rating is decided by the local civil aviation authority.

Peter O'Neill

Peter O'Neill, CMG (born 13 February 1965 ) was the prime minister of Papua New Guinea from 2011 to 2019.

Programmable read-only memory

Programmable Read-Only Memory (PROM) is a type of read-only memory (ROM) that can be programmed directly by the user using a special PROM programmer. It is a control memory in which stored information can be altered, but not as easily as in ordinary memory.

A PROM that is able to be erased and rewritten is called an EPROM (standing for erasable programmable read-only memory). A PROM that is able to erased and rewritten only using electricity is called an EEPROM (standing for electrically erasable programmable read-only memory).

Ryuichi Sakamoto

He was from Tokyo. He was born there on 17 January 1952. He learned music at Tokyo University of the Arts and Tokyo University of Arts graduate school.

He was one of the founders of the music group Yellow Magic Orchestra (YMO). YMO is an English acronym. YMO stands for "Yellow Magic Orchestra", which he formed with Haruomi Hosono and Yukihiro Takahashi in the late 1970s. The group gained success and became famous at home and abroad. In addition, he released music solo parallel to his work as a member of YMO.

Other than his own music, Sakamoto has offered musical pieces to other artists and composed soundtracks. The soundtrack of "The Last Emperor" shown in 1987 was evaluated and won an Academy Award for Original Music Score by a Japanese artist for the first time.

Sakamoto has also acted in several movies: His most notable roles were as the conflicted antagonist Captain Yonoi in "Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence", alongside Takeshi Kitano and English rock singer David Bowie, and as the evil antagonist Masahiko Amakasu (a real-life Japanese officer, murderer and movie boss) in "The Last Emperor". He also appeared as a music director in Madonna's "Rain" music video.

In 1994, Japan Football Association asked Ryuichi Sakamoto to compose the instrumental song "Japanese Soccer Anthem".

This instrumental song played at the beginning of Japan Football Association-sponsored events, such as Emperor's Cup matches.

In late years he has often spoken about the issues of environmental problems, including against nuclear reactors after the Fukushima nuclear disaster, and peace, including against nuclear weapons, in the media.

Sakamoto's first of three marriages occurred in 1972, but ended in divorce in 1974—Sakamoto had a daughter from this relationship. Sakamoto then married popular Japanese pianist and singer Akiko Yano in 1982, following several musical collaborations with her, including touring work with the Yellow Magic Orchestra. Sakamoto's second marriage ended in August 2006, 14 years after a mutual decision to live separately—Yano and Sakamoto raised one daughter, J-pop singer Miu Sakamoto. He has lived with his manager and wife Norika Sora since around 1990 until his death and has two children with her.

On 10 July 2014, Sakamoto released a statement and said that he had been diagnosed with oropharyngeal cancer in late June. He announced that he was taking a break from his work while he went through treatment and recovery.

Sakamoto died as a result of his ongoing battle with rectal cancer on 28 March 28 2023 in Tokyo, which was discovered in 2021. His death was announced on April 2 through his website, after his funeral was held that included family members and close friends.


List of World Heritage Sites in Ukraine

The List of World Heritage Sites in Ukraine is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, located in Ukraine.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Ukraine agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1988.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are five WHS places in Ukraine.

This UNESCO World Heritage Site includes two biosphere reserves: Carpathian Biosphere Sanctuary and the southern half of East Carpathian Biosphere Reserve (Poloniny National Park and Uzhok National Park) as well some protected Presov areas in the eastern Slovakia.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Albania

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. Below is the list and the tentative list of sites in Albania.

The Idler Wheel...

The Idler Wheel... is an album by Fiona Apple that was released in 2012. Its full name is "The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than the Driver of the Screw and Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do". Two singles were released from it. It was nominated at the 2013 Grammy Awards for Best Alternative Album. The album was named the best album of 2012 by Time Magazine, Stereogum, Spinner, and NPR Music's Fresh Air. The album got good reviews. "Pitchfork" gave it a score of 9.0.


30 Rock

30 Rock is an American television sitcom created by Tina Fey for NBC. It began on October 11, 2006 and ended on January 31, 2013. It was set in a television studio in Manhattan, New York City. It starred Fey, Alec Baldwin, Tracy Morgan, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, Scott Adsit, Judah Friedlander, Katrina Bowden, Keith Powell, John Lutz, Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman and Maulik Pancholy.

Fey played the protagonist Liz Lemon, the writer of TGS with Tracy Jordan. Morgan played the star of TGS with Tracy Jordan. Krakowski played Jenna Maroney, Liz's assistant and Tracy's co-star. McBrayer plays Kenneth Parcell, an NBC page.

Prince Tomohito of Mikasa

Tomohito was the first member of the Imperial House of Japan to have a full beard since Emperor Meiji. He was known as "the bearded prince".

Prince Tomohito graduated from Gakushuin University. In 1968-1970, Tomohito studied politics at Oxford University. He was the first member of the Imperial family to study at a British university since World War II.

Prince Tomohito was involved in the promotion of welfare for the disabled and sports.

The prince was the eldest son of Prince Mikasa who is the younger brother of former Emperor Shōwa. He was a first cousin of Emperor Akihito.

At the time of his death, Prince Tomohito was sixth in the line of succession to the Japanese throne.



Deprivation

Deprivation may refer to:





List of World Heritage Sites in Bosnia and Herzegovina

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. Below is the table with the main list of sites in Bosnia and Herzegovina.

List of World Heritage Sites in Greece

There are 17 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Greece. Five of the places are on islands. One is between the islands and the mainland. The remaining 11 are on the mainland. 

The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:

List of World Heritage Sites in Italy

Italy has the biggest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the world. They have 53. Spain is second with 42. 

This article lists the 47 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Italy. They are ordered by when they were added to the list.






List of World Heritage Sites in Spain

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. 

As of 2010, Spain has 42 total sites on the list. This is second only to Italy.

The Pyrénées – Mont Perdu World Heritage Site is shared with France. The Prehistoric Rock-Art Sites in the Côa Valley and Siega Verde site is shared with Portugal. 

The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:

This is the list of Heritage sites by autonomous community.

List of World Heritage Sites in North Macedonia

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in North Macedonia.

There is currently one property in North Macedonia on the World Heritage List.

List of World Heritage Sites in Serbia

The List of World Heritage Sites in Serbia is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Serbia agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 2001.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are four WHS places in Serbia.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Northern Europe

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has listed 35 World Heritage Sites in eight countries commonly called Northern Europe. These countries are Iceland, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 

Greenland is not included in this list even though it is linked with Denmark. It is included in the List of World Heritage Sites in the Americas. The United Kingdom and Ireland are included in Western Europe even though they are sometimes listed in Northern Europe.

Uakari

Uakari is the common name for the New World monkeys of the genus Cacajao. Both the English and scientific names probably came from indigenous languages. They live in South American rainforests. When excited or upset, their red faces become even redder.

List of World Heritage Sites in Western Europe

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has designated 131 World Heritage Sites in Western Europe. These sites are in 9 countries. Liechtenstein and Monaco have no sites. There are ten sites which are shared between countries. The first site from the region to be included on the list was the Aachen Cathedral in Germany in 1978.

The list below uses a definition of Western Europe which includes the United Kingdom and Ireland.


Jean-Michel Vernhes

Jean-Michel Vernhes (born in 1950 at Mazamet) is a French aerospace engineer and businessman. He is the current President of French Airports ("Union des aéroports français") and of Toulouse-Blagnac Airport.

Graduate from the French Civil Aviation University (1971), Jean-Michel Vernhes starts his career in 1975 at the air traffic control center of Bordeaux. He has done a career of 20 years in air navigation. He is nominated President of Toulouse-Blagnac Airport in 1999.

The 18th of May 2011, in addition, he become President of the French Airports ("Union des aéroports français").



Bad Honnef

Bad Honnef is a city in the German state of Nordrhein-Westfalen. About 25,000 people live there.

Lego Harry Potter

Lego Harry Potter was a LEGO series. It was based on the "Harry Potter" movies. Models of important scenes, vehicles and people were made for the first five movies. It was created in the year 2001. This was the same time the first Harry Potter movie, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", was released.

In May 2009, LEGO said that a video game called "" is being developed. They also said it would be released in 2010.

The Dead (1987)

The Dead is an 1987 drama movie directed by John Huston. It is based on a book by James Joyce. Anjelica Huston plays the lead role.


The Dead (2010 movie)

The Dead is an 2010 British horror movie directed by Jon Ford and Howard J. Ford. It is rated R for restricted.


Headhunterz

Headhunterz (formerly known as "Nasty D-Tuner") is Willem Rebergen, a Dutch hardstyle DJ and music producer.

He gained his first major experience as a DJ at Defqon.1, a large hardstyle event in the Netherlands, where he was discovered by The Prophet.


VooV Festival

VooV (formerly known as VuuV Experience) is an annual music festival with about 10,000 to 20,000 visitors.

It was launched in the year 1992. It is one of the oldest rave parties in Germany. From a small party with about 100 people it is now one of the biggest rave parties in Europe. After several moves, was VuuV's place since 2001 in Putlitz. In 2007 they moved back to Antaro which was the place they made the greatest feasts.


FileZilla

FileZilla is a free Open Source FTP program. The program is designed for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X. FileZilla was the project of the month on SourceForge for November, 2003.

Initially, FileZilla was created as a computer science class project in the second week of January 2001 by Tim Kosse and his two other classmates.


Marc Drillech

Marc Drillech is a French sociologist and President of universities. He was Vice-President of IONIS Education Group, the first group in France for private higher education.

Drillech graduated from Lille University of Science and Technology with a Bachelor's degree in sociology. He also graduated from "Institut d'études politiques de Paris" with a Master's degree. He has a career in marketing.
In 2005, he moved to higher education by joining IONIS Education Group as Vice-President. He retired in July 2023, replaced by Charline Avenel.


Siemens

Siemens AG () is a company which has its headquarters in Berlin and Munich, Germany. It is the largest electronics company in Europe.

Siemens is a technology company with activities in industry, energy and healthcare. It is organised into six main parts: Industry, Energy, Healthcare, Equity Investments, Siemens IT Solutions, and Services and Siemens Financial Services (SFS).

Tomislav Nikolić

Tomislav Nikolić (born 15 February 1952) is a Serbian politician, a founder and former leader of Serbian Progressive Party. He served as President of Serbia from 2012 to 2017.

In May 2007, he served briefly as the President of the National Assembly of Serbia. In 2008, he founded the Serbian Progressive Party (Српска напредна странка, "SNS"), the biggest political party in Serbia.

Chinese Revolution

"Chinese Revolution" may mean one of many wars since year 1900.


Shuchō

, also romanized as Suchō or Akamitori, was a which lsated only a few monthsfrom June through September 686. The reigning monarchs were and .


The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.



The First Wives Club

The First Wives Club is a 1996 American comedy movie based on the novel of the same name by Olivia Goldsmith. It was directed by Hugh Wilson and produced by Scott Rudin. It was written by Robert Harling and Paul Rudnick. It is narrated by Diane Keaton and stars her, Goldie Hawn and Bette Midler. The movie is about three middle-aged divorced women who take revenge on their ex-husbands, who left them for young women.

Strait of Malacca

The Strait of Malacca is a marine strait. It links the Andaman Sea and the Java Sea, and separates Malaya and Sumatra. It is about 800 km long. Most parts are between and wide. At its narrowest point, it is only wide. At its shallowest point it is about deep.

Internet Relay Chat takeover

A takeover in Internet Relay Chat is when someone who is not meant to be in control of a channel takes control. Several ways this can happen is by taking advantage of a net split, an event that occurs when one server disconnects from another, or by tricking an IRC bot into promoting the user to operator status. Once the user has operator status, they kick the other operators out or remove their operator status.

John Hughes (filmmaker)

John Wilden Hughes, Jr. (February 18, 1950 – August 6, 2009) was an American filmmaker. He was born in Lansing, Michigan. He grew up in Grosse Pointe, Michigan and Northbrook, a suburb of Chicago, Illinois. He died of a heart attack in Manhattan, New York City.

Hughes' movies include: "National Lampoon's Vacation", "Sixteen Candles", "The Breakfast Club", "National Lampoon's European Vacation", "Weird Science", "Pretty in Pink", "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", "Some Kind of Wonderful", "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", "She's Having a Baby", "The Great Outdoors", "Uncle Buck", "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation", "Home Alone", "Career Opportunities", "Only the Lonely", "Curly Sue", "Beethoven", "", "Dennis the Menace", "Baby's Day Out", "Miracle of 34th Street", Lovers in Las Vegas, "101 Dalmatians", "Flubber", "Home Alone 3", "Just Visiting", "Maid in Manhattan" and "Drillbit Taylor".

John Hughes

John Hughes may refer to:


Lists of World Heritage Sites in Asia

For lists of World Heritage Sites in Asia, see:

List of World Heritage Sites in Northern and Central Asia

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has 19 World Heritage Sites in six countries of Central and North Asia. The countries are Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and the Asian part of Russia. The European part of Russia is included in Eastern Europe.

Russia is home to the most sites with 7. One shares a border with Mongolia in Eastern Asia. The first site from the region was the Itchan Kala in Uzbekistan added in 1990.

List of World Heritage Sites in Western Asia

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has 71 World Heritage Sites in 16 countries of Western Asia. The countries are: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Cyprus, Georgia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. Qatar and Kuwait, which are also in the region, do not have any World Heritage Sites.

In this region, Iran is home to the most sites with 13 sites. 

Playing the Field

Playing the Field is an American romantic comedy movie. It stars Catherine Zeta-Jones, Uma Thurman and Jessica Biel. The movie was released on December 7, 2012, in the United States and Canada.

Agbioeletric

Agbioeletric is the first transformer oil made of vegetable seeds. Developed in Brazil by "Faculdade Assis Gurgacz" and produced in the city of Cascavel.


Débora Falabella

Débora Lima Falabella (born February 22, 1979 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian actress.

Falabella started acting in 1998 on Rede Globo's teen telenovela "Malhação", as Antônia. She's also appeared in other Rede Globo telenovelas like "Um Anjo Caiu do Céu", "O Clone" and "Senhora do Destino". In cinema, she's acted in Brazilian movies like "Cazuza - O Tempo Não Pára", "Dois Perdidos numa Noite Suja" and "A Dona da História". 

In the miniseries "JK" she played the role of Sarah Kubitschek, wife of Brazilian president Juscelino Kubitschek. In 2006, she was cast to the leading role in the telenovela "Sinhá Moça".

Library of Celsus

The Library of Celsus is an ancient Roman building in Ephesus, now part of Anatolia, Turkey. It was built in honor of the Roman Senator Tiberius Julius Celsus Polemaeanus, known as Celsus.

Celsus paid for the construction of the library with his own personal wealth. Celsus was Consul in 92 AD, Governor of the Roman province of Asia in 115 AD, and a rich and popular local citizen. He was a native of nearby Sardis and amongst the first Greek men to become a consul in the Roman Empire. He is honoured both as a Greek and a Roman on the library itself.

The library was built by his son, Gaius Julius Aquila (Consul 110 AD), and completed in 135 AD.

The library was built to store 12,000 scrolls and to serve as a monumental tomb for Celsus. Celsus is buried in a sarcophagus beneath the library, in the main entrance. which is both a crypt containing his sarcophagus and a sepulchral monument to him. It was unusual to be buried within a library or even within city limits, so this was a special honour for Celsus.

The library was built in Ephesus, a Greek city in Asia Minor.
The building is important as one of few remaining examples of an ancient Roman-influenced library. It also shows that public libraries were built not only in Rome itself but throughout the Roman Empire.

The interior of the library and all its books were destroyed by fire in the devastating earthquake that struck the city in 262. Only the facade survived. About 400 AD, the library was used for other purposes. The facade was completely destroyed by a later earthquake, likely in the late Byzantine period.

In the 1960s and 1970s, the facade was restored. It now serves as a prime example of Roman public architecture. The building had a single hall which faced east toward the morning sun, as Vitruvius advised, to benefit early risers. Beside the entrances are four pairs of Ionic columns on pedestals. A set of Corinthian columns stands directly above the first set, adding to the height of the building. It is thought there once may have been a third set of columns.

This type of facade with inset frames and niches for statues is like that found in ancient Greek theatres, and so is described as "scenographic".

Guyancourt

Guyancourt is a French commune. It is in the south-western suburbs of Paris 21.2 km (13.2 mi) from the center. About 28,670 people lived here in 2006.


Ma Mère

Ma Mère ("My Mother" in French) is a 2004 drama movie focusing on mother-son incest. This drama was rated NC-17 in the United States. It received mixed although largely negative review by the critics.


Pseudoscorpion

A pseudoscorpion (or book scorpion) is an arachnid. They can be long. The largest known species is "Garypus titanius" of Ascension Island at .

Pseudoscorpions eat clothes moth larvae, carpet beetle larvae, booklice, ants, mites, and small flies. Because of this, they are liked by humans. The pseudoscorpions are small and cannot harm humans. They are rarely seen because of their size. Some species of pseudoscorpions do a "mating dance" to attract mates. The eggs will stay with the mother until the pseudoscorpions are about a month old. There are more than 3,300 species of pseudoscorpions recorded. The oldest known fossil of pseudoscorpions dates back 380 million years to the Devonian period.


Astacus astacus

The Astacus astacus (or noble crayfish, European crayfish, and broad-fingered crayfish) is a species of crayfish in Europe. Like other crayfish, the Astacus astacus lives in fresh water. It can live in streams, rivers, and lakes if it is not polluted. The Astacus astacus can be found living in France, Central Europe, Balkan peninsula, the British Isles, Scandinavia, and western parts of the former Soviet Union. Males can reach 16 cm long and females can reach 12 cm. 

The Astacus astacus is nocturnal, which means that it is only active at night. They eat worms, aquatic insects, mollusks, and plants. They spend the day resting in a burrow. They are sexually mature after three to four years. They breed in October and November of every year. The eggs will stay with the female until May. There are many predators that eat the Astacus astacus such as, minks, eels, perch, pike, otters, and muskrats. Because of the crayfish plaque that was brought from the American species the signal crayfish ("Pacifastacus leniusculus"), it is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List.

Dermestidae

Dermestidae are a family of Coleoptera. They are also known as skin beetles, larder beetles, hide beetles, leather beetles, carpet beetles, and khapra beetles. There are 500 to 700 species of dermestids. They can be up to 112 mm in length. Adults have round oval-shaped bodies covered in scales or setae. 

Most dermestids are scavengers that feed on dry animal or plant material. This includes skin or pollen, animal hair, feathers, dead insects, and natural fibers. Dermestids can be found living in dead animals and feeding on them. Others can be found living in mammal, bird, bee, or wasp nests. "Thaumaglossa" only lives in the egg cases of mantids. Many "Trogoderma" species are pests that eat grain. 

The beetles found living in dead animals are studied in criminal investigations (forensic entomology). Many species are pests which can damage natural fibers in homes and businesses. Dermestids are sometimes used by natural history museums to clean animal skeletons.



Dytiscidae

The Dytiscidae (Greek "dytikos" ("able to dive") is a family of water beetles. They are called predaceous diving beetles. They are about 25 mm (one inch). The largest beetle, "Dytiscus latissimus", can reach 45 mm long.

Most Dytiscidaes are dark brown, black-ish or dark olive in color with golden highlights in some subfamilies. The larvae are called "water tigers". The water tigers will eat tadpoles and glassworms. They will also eat anything small living in the water. There are about 4,000 species in over 160 genera of Dytiscidae.

The "Cybister" can be eaten by humans. In Mexico, "C. explanatus" are roasted and salted onto tacos. In Japan, "C. japonicus" is used as food. In Guangdong Province, China, several species are eaten. The great diving beetle ("Dytiscus marginalis") are bred for human food. Dytiscidae have been eaten in Taiwan, Thailand, and New Guinea. Birds and other small mammals eat "Dytiscidaes".



Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen

Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is a 2004 American teen comedy movie. It was written by Gail Parent and is based on the novel of the same name by Dyan Sheldon. It was directed by Sara Sugarman. It was produced by Robert Shapiro and Matthew Hart. It is narrated by and stars Lindsay Lohan as Lola Steppe, a 15-year-old girl who wants to be an actress. She moves from New York City to New Jersey. Her classmates include Ella Gerard (Alison Pill) and Carla Santini (Megan Fox). Adam Garcia plays rock singer Stu Wolff. Glenne Headly plays Lola's mother Karen Cep.

Endosperm

Endosperm is a food reserve tissue inside the seeds of most flowering plants. It surrounds the embryo and provides nutrition in the form of starch. It may also have oils and protein.

The endosperm of cereal plants can be a source of energy for humans. Wheat endosperm is ground into flour for bread. With whole wheat bread the bran (cover of seed) and the germ is also in the flour. Barley endosperm is the main source for beer production. Other examples of edible endosperms are coconut 'meat' and coconut 'water', and corn, including popcorn. Some plants, like the orchids, lack endosperm in their seeds.

Primitive (basal) flowering plants have seeds with small embryos and big endosperms. The evolutionary development of flowering plants tends to show a trend towards plants with seeds with little or no endosperm. In more derived flowering plants the embryo occupies most of the seed and the endosperm is not developed or consumed before the seed matures. In these plants, the cotyledons contain the food reserve.

Endosperm is formed when the two sperm nuclei inside a pollen grain reach the inside of an ovule or embryo sac. One sperm nucleus fertilizes the egg, forming a zygote, while the other sperm nucleus usually fuses with the two polar nuclei at the center of the embryo sac. This makes the first endosperm cell, which develops into the endosperm. Because it is formed by a separate fertilization, the endosperm is an organism distinct from the embryo (though placed next to it in the seed).

About 70% of angiosperm species have endosperm cells that are polyploid. These are typically triploid (containing three sets of chromosomes) but can vary widely from diploid (2n) to 15n.

Teen movie

A teen movie is a movie that are made for teenagers or has teen actors. The plots of teen movie are about coming of age, first love, conflicts with parents, and bullying by other teens. Movies in this movie genre are usually set in high school. In some movies, there may be some sexual scenes.



Wet 'n Wild Orlando

Wet 'n Wild Orlando was a water park in Orlando, Florida. It was founded by Sea World creator George Millay on March 13, 1977. Wet 'n Wild Orlando is the first major water park in the United States. Millay won the Lifetime Achievement Award from the World Waterpark Association. They later named him "Father of the waterpark". The water park has 8 single-person rides, 6 multi-person rides, 1 kids park (a miniature version of all the rides in the park), and 3 other activities (lazy river, volleyball, and surfing).

It was announced on June 17, 2015 that the park would permanently close on December 31, 2016.

It was replaced by Volcano Bay in 2017.


Terry and June

Terry and June is a British sitcom that was shown on BBC One from 1979 until 1987. It stars Terry Scott and June Whitfield as Terry and June Medford, a middle class, middle aged, married couple who live in Purley, London.

Yukio Mishima

Mishima studied at the elite . When he was child, he stuttered. 

In 1941, Mishima wrote his first notable story. In , he described a feeling that his ancestors lived within him.

Mishima graduated from the University of Tokyo in 1947. 

Mishima worked in the Japanese Ministry of Finance. At the same time, he was writing. 

In 1949, he published his first major novel, "Confessions of a mask."

In a summary based on writings by and about Yukio Mishima, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 1,700+ works in 4,400+ publications in 40+ languages and 56,600+ library holdings.


Zeami Motokiyo

, also lnown as , was a Japanese actor and playwright. 

His career in Noh theater was supported by Ashikaga Yoshimitsu. After Yoshimitsu's death, the later Ashikaga shoguns were less supportive.

In 1434, Zeami was exiled to Sado Island. He returned only a few years before his death.

In a summary based on writings by and about Zeami, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 1,700+ works in 4,400+ publications in 40+ languages and 56,600+ library holdings. 

The Exorcism of Emily Rose

The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a horror-drama movie of 2005. Laura Linney and Mary Beth Hurt star. This horror movie got mixed reviews.

Hylidae

Hylidae is a family of tree frogs. Some of the Hylids are semi-aquatic, and others are terrestrial frogs.

Most hylids have forward-facing eyes that gives them binocular vision. These hylids are arboreal species, meaning they live in trees. Non-arboreal species do not have any of these advantages. The "Cyclorana" species are burrowing frogs. They spend most of their time underground. Hylids will eat insects and other invertebrates. Larger species can eat small vertebrates.

Hylids lay their eggs in ponds. Some lay their eggs in puddles that in holes inside trees. Others lay their eggs on plants, if water is near. The tadpoles will drop from the plants and into the pond when they hatch. In South America, female hylids carry the eggs on their backs until they hatch.

The European tree frog ("Hyla arborea") lives in middle and Southern Europe. They can also be found in Asia and North Africa. These species are noisy during rainstorms. Many Hylidae live in North America, for example "Hyla versicolor" (Grey Tree Frog) and "Hyla cinerea" (American Green Tree Frog). The spring peeper ("Pseudacris crucifer") can also be found in the eastern United States. The spring peeper makes loud noises during the spring and summer.

The word "tree frog" is a popular term for many Hylidae. For example, "Hyla versicolor" is the name of the changeable tree frog, "Trachycephalus lichenatus" is the name of the lichened tree frog, and "Trachycephalus marmoratus" is the marbled tree frog. However, the name "tree frog" is not unique to this family. "Tree frog" is used more often for many species in Rhacophoridae.

The Hylidae family is divided into the following subfamilies and genera:



Frugality

Frugality is a quality of spending money very carefully and in limited amounts. This decision can be made for various reasons. Some are: to save money, make costs smaller and get the most possible value from purchases. 

Some ways of attempting to be frugal could be to make less waste, stop doing things (such as travel or entertainment) with high costs and having control over spending desires. Also, being careful to get all the use out of an item before replacing it and not agreeing with customs that have high costs. More ways could be using zero cost choices, using barter (trading without money), and having a good knowledge of prices. 

Some people will use a discount store to find low cost things. Some will buy things used by other people in thrift stores, garage sales, flea markets, or from classified advertising in a newspaper or on the internet from a site similar to Craigslist. 

Frugality in some philosophies is when a person does not agree with experts who say they know what is good for everybody. This is a special use of the word for philosophers. 

Many religions think frugality is important and good. The Quakers and Puritans are two examples of Christian religions that put high value on frugality. The base of this idea is that people should store money to use when any person (not only friends) needs help. 

Environmentalists think that being frugal is good. They think because ancient humans did not need many things and were able to get happiness from nature it is more natural to be frugal than to agree with the customs of modern living.

Tineidae

Tineidae (or clothes moth) is a family of moths. They are known as fungus moths or tineid moths. There are more than 3,000 species in over 300 genera. Most of the tineid moths are small or medium-sized. They have wings over their bodies. They are common in the Palaearctic. Others found elsewhere were introduced

Tineids will eat living plants, fungi, lichens, and detritus. The most known members of the family are the clothes moths. They eat on stored fabrics. The most widespread species are the Common Clothes Moth ("Tineola bisselliella"), the Case-bearing Clothes Moth ("Tinea pellionella") and the Carpet Moth ("Trichophaga tapetzella"). The Brown-dotted Clothes Moth ("Niditinea fuscella") will feed on feathers in a bird's nest. The genus "Ceratophaga", members will eat on dead animals such as mammals and the shells of dead tortoises.



Tanisha Thomas

Tanisha Thomas (born on August 28, 1985 in Brooklyn, New York) is an African American reality television participant. She first appeared on the Oxygen show "Bad Girls Club" in 2008. She was on the second season to become a role model for young women and change her bad behavior. She became a fan favorite for her catchphrase "Pop Off!". After the show was done airing, Thomas was called the "godmother" to all "bad girls". Thomas later hosted the spin-off dating game show "" starting with its second season in 2011. She also competed on the VH1 show "Celebrity Fit Club: Boot Camp 2". Thomas was on the show to loose weight. Her team the "blue team" won and took home $17,500 each.

A year later, Thomas was given her own show on Oxygen. It was called "Tanisha Gets Married". The show was about Thomas' and her fiancee
s journey on planning their wedding. It aired in May 2012 and beat all the key demos of Oxygen that were set in April 2012. Thomas along with her ex-husband appeared on first season of the show Marriage Boot Camp, which aired on May 30, 2014.

Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too

Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too is a reality television show. It first premiered on Oxygen on March 16, 2010. Its a spin-off show from the "Bad Girls Club". American comedian Bret Ernst was the host of the first season. The show was renewed for its third season Second season of "Bad Girls Club" Tanisha Thomas began hosting the season starting with the second season. There has been three complete seasons of "Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too"'. The show is about past season "bad girls" looking for love.


Wide Sargasso Sea

Wide Sargasso Sea is a 1993 erotic drama movie in which Rachel Ward, Karina Lombard and Naomi Watts star. "Wide Sargasso Sea" is rated NC-17 because of sexual content. It is based on the 1966 Jean Rhys book of the same name.

The movie is about love and lust in 1840s Jamaica, shortly after Britain freed the slaves in its Caribbean colonies.

The movie received mixed reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie three and a half stars.


Alejo Carpentier

Alejo Carpentier y Valmont (December 26, 1904 – April 24, 1980) was a Cuban novelist, essayist, and musicologist. He greatly influenced Latin American literature during its famous "boom" period. Born in Lausanne, Switzerland, Carpentier grew up in Havana, Cuba and Paris. Carpentier always said he was Cuban. He traveled a lot, mostly in France, and to Mexico. He sided with revolutionary movements, such as Fidel Castro's Communist Revolution in Cuba in the mid-century. Carpentier was jailed and exiled for his leftist political philosophies.

Carpentier studied and understood music. He wrote a book "La música en Cuba" in the music of Cuba. He put in musical themes and literary techniques in his writing. Although Carpentier wrote many types of writing, such as journalism, radio drama, playwrighting, academic essays, opera and libretto, he is best known for his novels. He was among the first to use magical realism. He explored the fantastic quality of Latin American history and culture. 

Carpentier's writing style used the Baroque style which had become popular again. It was called "New World Baroque". It was a style that Latin American artists took from the European model. Carpentier also brought the Surrealist theory to Latin American literature. Carpentier had parts of Latin American political history, music, social injustice and art in his writings. His writing influenced younger Latin American and Cuban writers like Lisandro Otero, Leonardo Padura and Fernando Velázquez Medina.

Carpentier died of cancer in Paris in 1980. He was buried in Havana's Colon Cemetery.

Carpentier's major works include:


Sean Penn

Sean Justin Penn (born August 17, 1960) is an American actor, screenwriter, movie director, producer and activist.

Penn won an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Mystic River and an Academy Award for "Milk" (movie).

Penn was married to Madonna from 1985 until they divorced in 1989. He and Robin Wright had a daughter in 1991 and a son in 1993. The couple married in 1996 and divorced in 2010.

As of February 24, 2022, Penn was in Ukraine doing (or filming) a documentary movie about the ongoing 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Penn went to press briefings in Kyiv, met with the president and other officials and spoke to journalists and military personnel about the Russian invasion; By March 2, he had left the country.

He was born in Los Angeles, California, the middle son of actor Leo Penn (1921-1998) and actress Eileen Ryan (born 1928). His brothers are musician Michael Penn (born 1958) and actor Chris Penn (1965-2006).

Penn has starred in many movies, including: "Taps", "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", "Colors", "Casualties of War", "We're No Angels", "Carlito's Way", "Dead Man Walking", "U Turn", "The Game", "The Thin Red Line", "Being John Malkovich", "The Weight of Water", "I Am Sam", "Mystic River", "21 Grams", "The Assassination of Richard Nixon", "The Interpreter", "All the King's Men", "Persepolis", "Milk", "Fair Game", "The Tree of Life" and "This Must Be the Place".

Alice Walker

Alice Malsenior Walker (born February 9, 1944) is an American author, poet, and activist. She has written both fiction and essays about race and gender. She is best known for the novel "The Color Purple" (1982). She won the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize for the novel.

Walker is an African American who was born in Eatonton, Georgia. She is the youngest of eight children. Her parents were Willie Lee Walker and Minnie Lou Tallulah Grant. Her father, who was, in her words, "wonderful at math but a terrible farmer," earned only $300 a year from sharecropping and dairy farming. Her mother added to the family income by working as a maid. She worked 11 hours a day for USD $17 per week to help pay for Alice to attend college.

In 1952, Walker was accidentally hit in the right eye by a BB gun fired by one of her brothers. Because the family had no car, the Walkers could not take their daughter to a hospital for immediate help. By the time they reached a doctor a week later, she had become permanently blind in that eye. When a layer of scar tissue formed over her wounded eye, Alice became self-conscious and painfully shy. She felt like an outcast and turned for comfort to reading and to writing poetry. When she was 14, the scar tissue was removed. She later became valedictorian and was voted most-popular girl, as well as queen of her senior class.

After high school, Walker went to Spelman College in Atlanta. She later moved to Sarah Lawrence College near New York City, graduating in 1965. Walker became interested in the U.S. civil rights movement. This was partly due to the influence of activist Howard Zinn, who was one of her professors at Spelman College. Walker returned to the South where she became involved with voter registration drives, campaigns for welfare rights and children's programs in Mississippi.

Alice Walker met Martin Luther King Jr. when she was a student at Spelman College. Walker credits King for her decision to return to the American South as an activist for the Civil Rights Movement. She marched with hundreds of thousands in August in the 1963 March on Washington. As a young adult, she volunteered to register black voters in Georgia and Mississippi.

On March 8, 2003, International Women's Day, on the eve of the Iraq War, Alice Walker, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Terry Tempest Williams were arrested with 24 others for crossing a police line. This was during an anti-war protest rally outside the White House.

In March 2009, Alice Walker traveled to Gaza in response to the Gaza War. She was with a group of 60 other female activists from the anti-war group Code Pink. Their purpose was to deliver aid, to meet with NGOs and residents, and to ask Israel and Egypt to open their borders into Gaza.

In 1965, Walker met Melvyn Roseman Leventhal, a Jewish civil rights lawyer. They were married on March 17, 1967 in New York City. Later that year the couple moved to Jackson, Mississippi. They became "the first legally married inter-racial couple in Mississippi". They were harassed and threatened by whites, including the Ku Klux Klan. The couple had a daughter Rebecca in 1969. Walker and her husband divorced on friendly terms in 1976.

Walker and her daughter grew apart. Rebecca felt herself to be more of "a political symbol... than a cherished daughter". She published a memoir called "Black White and Jewish", about the complexities of her parents' relationship and her childhood. Rebecca recalls her teenage years when her mother would go to her far-off writing studio while “I was left with money to buy my own meals and lived on a diet of fast food.” Since the birth of Rebecca’s son Tenzin, her mother has not spoken to her. Rebecca has learned that she was cut out of her mother’s will in favor of a distant cousin.

In the mid-1990s, Walker was involved in a romance with singer-songwriter Tracy Chapman.

In 2011 shooting began on "Beauty in Truth", a documentary film about Walker's life directed by Pratibha Parmar.

Walker is a feminist. She made the word womanist for African American feminism against female genital mutilation.







Clifford D. Simak

Clifford Donald Simak (August 3, 1904 – April 25, 1988) was an American science fiction writer. He received three Hugo Awards and one Nebula Award. He was named the third Grand Master by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) in 1977.

Simak was born in Millville, Wisconsin to parent's John Lewis and Margaret (Wiseman) Simak. He married Agnes Kuchenberg on April 13, 1929. They had two children, Scott and Shelley. Simak attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He later worked at various newspapers in the Midwest. He began to work with the "Minneapolis Star and Tribune" (in Minneapolis, Minnesota). This went from 1939 to his retirement in 1976. 

Simak became interested in science fiction after reading the works of H. G. Wells as a child. He started writing for science fiction pulp magazines in 1931. The only science-fiction piece that he published between 1933 and 1937 was "The Creator" ("Marvel Tales" #4, March–April 1935).

In late 1937, Simak returned to science fiction. He was a regular contributor to "Astounding Stories" during the Golden Age of Science Fiction (1938–1950). His first publications, such as "Cosmic Engineers" (1939), were in the style of the earlier superscience type. He soon made his own style, which is usually described as gentle and pastoral. During this period, Simak also published a number of war and western stories in pulp magazines. His best known novel may be "City", a collection of short stories with a common theme of mankind's eventual leaving from Earth.

Simak continued to write award-nominated novels during the 1950s and 1960s. Helped by a friend, he continued writing and publishing science fiction and, later, fantasy, into his 80s. 


Jerry Mathers

Gerald Patrick "Jerry" Mathers (born June 2, 1948) is an American actor and writer. He played Beaver Cleaver in the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver". In 1998 he wrote a book called "...And Jerry Mathers as "The Beaver"". Mathers was born in Sioux City, Iowa.

In 1973, Mathers went to the University of California, Berkeley, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy. In 1981, he worked as a disc jockey at KEZY radio in Anaheim, California.

Mathers was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in 1996.


Dashiell Hammett

Samuel Dashiell Hammett (May 27, 1894 – January 10, 1961) was an American author of crime fiction, a screenplay writer, and political activist. Some of the characters he created are Sam Spade ("The Maltese Falcon"), Nick and Nora Charles ("The Thin Man"), and the Continental Op ("Red Harvest" and "The Dain Curse").

In addition to the large influence his novels and stories had on film, Hammett "is now widely regarded as one of the finest mystery writers of all time". "Time" magazine included Hammett's 1929 novel "Red Harvest" on a list of the 100 best English-language novels published between 1923 and 2005.

Hammett was born on a farm in St. Mary's County, in Maryland. His parents were Richard Thomas Hammett and Anne Bond Dashiell. Hammett was baptized a Catholic. He grew up in Philadelphia and Baltimore. "Sam," as he was known before he began writing, left school when he was 13 years old. He had several jobs before working for the Pinkerton National Detective Agency. He served as an operative for the Pinkertons from 1915 to February 1922. He took time off to serve in World War I. He did not like the agency's role in union strike-breaking.

Hammett enlisted in the United States Army in 1918. He became ill with the Spanish flu and later got tuberculosis. He spent most of his time in the Army as a patient in Cushman Hospital, Tacoma, Washington. While there he met a nurse, Josephine Dolan, whom he later married.

Hammett and Dolan were married, and they had two daughters, Mary Jane (born 15 October 1921) and Josephine (born in 1926). Because of Hammett's tuberculosis, Josephine and the children could not live with him full time. Josephine rented a home in San Francisco, where Hammett would visit on weekends. The marriage soon ended. He continued to financially support his wife and daughters with the income he made from his writing.

Hammett used his experiences as a Pinkerton operative. Hammett said: "All my characters were based on people I've known personally, or known about."

Hammett wrote most of his detective fiction during the time he was living in San Francisco (the 1920s). Specific streets and locations in San Francisco are frequently mentioned in his stories.

From 1929 to 1930 Dashiell was romantically involved with Nell Martin, an author of short stories and several novels. He dedicated "The Glass Key" to her, and in turn, she dedicated her novel "Lovers Should Marry" to Hammett.

In 1931, Hammett started a 30-year affair with playwright Lillian Hellman. This relationship was shown in the film "Julia". Hammett was played by Jason Robards and Hellman by Jane Fonda.

He wrote his final novel in 1934. He spent the rest of his life to left-wing activism. He was a strong anti-fascist through the 1930s. In 1937 he joined the American Communist Party.

In early 1942, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hammett again enlisted in the United States Army. He was a disabled veteran of World War I, and a victim of tuberculosis, but he was allowed to join. He served in the Aleutian Islands. He edited an Army newspaper. He also got emphysema. .

After the war, Hammett returned to political activism. He was elected President of the Civil Rights Congress (CRC) on June 5, 1946.

During the 1950s he was investigated by Congress. This was part of Senator Joseph McCarthy's attempt to identify Communists. He refused to share information and was blacklisted.

 A lifetime's heavy drinking of alcohol and cigarettes made Hammett's tuberculosis worse. As the years of the 1950s went on, Hammett became "a hermit". Hammett no longer could live alone, so the last four years of his life he spent with Hellman. On January 10, 1961, Hammett died in New York City's Lenox Hill Hospital, of lung cancer. He had been diagnosed just two months before. As a veteran of two World Wars, he was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

All the novels except "The Thin Man" were originally in three, four, or five parts in various magazines.






Kasai River

The Kasai River (called Cassai in Angola) is a river in central Africa. The river begins in Angola. It makes a border between Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). It joins the Congo at Kwamouth. The Kasai's tributaries include the Fimi, Kwango, and Sankuru rivers. 

Tony Dow

Tony Lee Dow (April 13, 1945 – July 27, 2022) was an American actor, director, and movie producer. He played Wally Cleaver in the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver" from 1957 to 1963. He played the same role again in "The New Leave It to Beaver" from 1983 to 1989. He also directed several episodes of "Babylon 5". Dow was born in Hollywood, California.

In May 2022, Dow was diagnosed with liver cancer. On July 26, 2022, it was reported that Dow was in his "final moments" under hospice care in Topanga, California. He died from the disease on July 27, 2022 at his home in Topanga, California at the age of 77.


Ubangi River

The Ubangi River, also spelled Oubangui, is a river of Central Africa. It is the largest right-bank tributary of the Congo River. It begins where the Mbomou and Uele Rivers come together. It flows west, then bends to the southwest and passes through Bangui. Then the river flows south to the Congo at Liranga. The Ubangi's length is about . The Ubangi's drainage basin is about . The basin includes parts of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central African Republic, and Republic of Congo. 

Together with the Congo River, it important for transportation for river boats between Bangui and Brazzaville.

Some people want the water from the Ubangi to go to the Chari River. The Chari River empties into Lake Chad. They say this will help with fishing and make agriculture better.

Benue River

The Benue River is a river in Africa. It is the major tributary of the Niger River. The river is about 1,400 km long. People can travel on it for nearly the whole length in the summer months. It is an important transportation route in the places it flows through.

It starts in the Adamawa Plateau of northern Cameroon. It flows west, and through the town of Garoua and Lagdo Reservoir, into Nigeria south of the Mandara mountains. Then it goes through Jimeta, Ibi and Makurdi before meeting the Niger at Lokoja.

Large tributaries are the Gongola River and the Mayo Kébbi. Other tributaries are Taraba River and River Katsina Ala.

Regina Duarte

Regina Blois Duarte (born February 5, 1947]) is a Brazilian actress. From March to May 2020, she served as Special Secretary of Culture, a cabinet position in President Jair Bolsonaro's administration. 

Anna Muzychuk

Anna Muzychuk (born 28 February 1990) is the third-rated woman chess player in the world. She earned the title of Woman Grandmaster in 2004, and the title of Grandmaster in 2012. In 2004 she became a member of the Slovenian chess federation, where she is the strongest female chess player. Her younger sister Mariya is an International master.

Muzychuk has played on first board for the Slovenian team since 2004. In 36th Chess Olympiad, she defeated, among others, the former Women's World Chess Champion grandmaster Antoaneta Stefanova. In the 37th Chess Olympiad she helped the Slovenian women's team, seeded 17th, to finished tenth.

In 2017, Muzychuk she refused to go to the World Rapid and Blitz Championships in Saudi Arabia. She said on Facebook:In a few days I am going to lose two World Champion titles – one by one. Just because I decided not to go to Saudi Arabia. Not to play by someone's rules, not to wear abaya, not to be accompanied getting outside, and altogether not to feel myself a secondary creature. Exactly one year ago I won these two titles and was about the happiest person in the chess world but this time I feel really bad. I am ready to stand for my principles and skip the event, where in five days I was expected to earn more than I do in a dozen of events combined. All that is annoying, but the most upsetting thing is that almost nobody really cares. That is a really bitter feeling, still not the one to change my opinion and my principles. The same goes for my sister Mariya – and I am really happy that we share this point of view. 


Mambo

Mambo is a word with Afro-Latin connections. Most common meanings are:


The word also occurs in the title of many pieces of recorded music.

Bionics

Bionics (also known as biomimetics) is the science about studying nature to create modern technology with biological method.

The name "biomimetics" was coined by in the 1950s. The term "bionics" was coined by in August 1958. He was then working at the "Aeronautics Division" "House" at in . However, terms like biomimicry or biomimetics are more preferred in the technology world in efforts to avoid confusion between the medical term "bionics." Coincidentally, Martin Caidin used the word for his 1972 novel "", which inspired the series "". Caidin was a long-time aviation industry writer before turning to fiction full-time. 

The study of bionics often emphasizes implementing a function found in nature rather than imitating biological structures. For example, in computer science, tries to model the feedback and control mechanisms that are inherent in intelligent behavior, while tries to model the intelligent function. 


Herschel Space Observatory

The Herschel Space Observatory was a space observatory built by the European Space Agency (ESA). It was the largest infrared telescope ever put into orbit until the launch of the James Webb Space Telescope. Herschel was named after Sir William Herschel, the discoverer of the infrared spectrum, double stars, and planet Uranus.

The device was sensitive to the far infrared and sub-millimetre short wavebands. It had a single mirror of in diameter.

The observatory was carried into orbit in May 2009. It was at the second Lagrangian point (L2) of the Earth-Sun system. At these points, 1,500,000 kilometres (930,000 miles) from the Earth, gravity balances, so the object stays in place.

The Herschel Observatory could record ('see') the coldest and dustiest objects in space. For example, dusty galaxies just starting to form new stars. The United States, through NASA, worked with the ESA to build and operate the observatory. It was the fourth 'cornerstone' mission in the ESA science program, along with Rosetta, Planck, and Gaia.

The observatory was designed to investigate four main topics: 


Frances Bavier

Frances Elizabeth Bavier (December 14, 1902 – December 6, 1989) was an American actress. She played Aunt Bee in the sitcom television series "The Andy Griffith Show". She played the same character in the sequel series "Mayberry, R. F. D.". Bavier won two Emmy Awards. She retired from acting and moved to Siler City, North Carolina. She is buried there.

Born in New York City, Bavier originally planned to become a teacher after attending Columbia University. She first appeared in vaudeville, later moving to the Broadway stage.She also appeared in an episode of the Alfred Hitchcock TV show entitled “Revenge”

Leptodactylidae

Leptodactylidae is a family of frogs. They are believed to have been on Earth since the Cenozoic era or at the end of the Mesozoic. There are 1,100 species in 50 genera. The "Eleutherodactylus" is the largest genus with over 700 different species. Leptodactylidae frogs lives in Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central and South America. The family includes terrestrial, burrowing, aquatic, and arboreal frogs.

Some of the frogs lay their eggs in foam nests. They will lay their eggs in crevices, on the surface of water, or on the forest floors. For tadpoles that are laid on the forest floors will remain there until they become frogs. They will not eat anything. In the genus "Elutherodactylus", the eggs will automatically become small frogs. They will not go through the tadpole stage. Leptodactylids can be found in fossil records. One specimen, was found preserved and is thought to be 37 million years old.


Eleutherodactylus

Eleutherodactylus is a genus of frogs in the Eleutherodactylidae family. There are 185 species of "Eleutherodactylus". Many of them are commonly called "rain frogs" or "robber frogs". This is because of their sharp, high-pitched, and insect-like calls.

The common coquí ("Eleutherodactylus coqui") is the best known species. They are a national symbol of Puerto Rico. They are also an invasive species in the US state of Hawaii. Two "Eleutherodactylus" species, "E. limbatus" and "E. iberia", belong to the smallest known frogs. They measure only 8½ mm in length.

Red-eared slider

The red-eared slider ("Trachemys scripta elegans") is a semi-aquatic turtle. It belongs to the family Emydidae. It is the most popular pet turtle in the United States. It lives in Southern United States. It is also found in many other places as an invasive species. They can be found in the US state of California where it was introduced. Rhubarb leaves are poisonous for them. Overfeeding may cause diseases for the turtles.


Americanisation

Americanisation means that a culture (often a country) is heavily influenced by so-called "anglicisms". These anglicisms are American-based. Anglicisms can be institution, values, ways and behaviours, but can also be symbols and pictures.

In Americanisation, the transferring of American culture is only one-way. A culture is being Americanised, but the United States aren't affected by the other culture in return.

Bletchley Park

Bletchley Park is an estate in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It was the site of the United Kingdom's main codebreaking team during World War II. Now, Bletchley Park is home to the National Codes Centre and The National Museum of Computing.

The Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) and "Station X", a secret radio interception station, was also at Bletchley Park. The information gained by workers at Bletchley Park was very important for the Allied war effort.

In 1939, in Warsaw, the Polish military showed French and British intelligence agents their cryptanalysis of the Enigma. They promised each delegation a Polish-built Enigma. Having an actual Enigma machine, and knowing how to use it, was a much-needed start for the British work at Bletchley Park. Dilly Knox and Alan Turing were later joined by many other codebreakers and engineering staff.

The high-level intelligence produced at Bletchley Park codenamed Ultra, gave crucial help to the Allied war effort. It was vital during the Battle of the Atlantic, when the German U-boat submarine fleet sank merchant shipping in an attempt to starve Britain of supplies. Winston Churchill was later to say:

The Battle of the Atlantic was the dominating factor all through the war. Never for one moment could we forget that everything happening elsewhere, on land, at sea, or in the air depended ultimately on its outcome.

Sir Harry Hinsley (a Bletchley veteran and the official historian of British Intelligence during the Second World War) said that Ultra shortened the war by two to four years. The outcome of the war would have been uncertain without it.

One of the reasons for choosing Bletchley Park for this task was its location. By train, it is about north-west of London, from Oxford and about from Cambridge all-important university cities. Bletchley railway station is close-by, on the junction of the West Coast Main Line and the Oxford–Cambridge Varsity Line. Apart from the railway lines, Bletchley Park was not near any other likely bombing target.

Guyot

A guyot is an underwater mountain or seamount with a flat top. This geologic feature is also called a tablemount. In general, the guyot or tablemount is over 200 meters (660 feet) below the surface of the sea. The diameters of these flat underwater summits may be more than .

The existence of flat-topped mountains below the surface of the ocean was established in 1965. Harry Hammond Hess used echo-sounding equipment to map the floor of the ocean. The research revealed that some undersea mountains had flat tops.
Hess called these undersea mountains "guyots" because they reminded him of Guyot Hall at Princeton University. The flat roof was a special feature of this building. Guyot Hall was named after the 18th century geographer Arnold Henry Guyot. In other words, the geology term "guyot" comes from his name.

Guyots show evidence of having been above the surface at one time. The exposed area was shaped by erosion caused by rain, wind and waves. 

The Hawaiian islands plus former islands which are now beneath the sea make up the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain, and five of the peaks in the chain are guyots.



Hazel (TV series)

Hazel is a sitcom television series. It was on television from September 28, 1961 to April 11, 1966. It was shown on NBC. It moved to CBS for its last year. The series' first year was made in black and white. The next four years were in color. The show's first season was fourth in the 1961-1962 Nielsen's ratings.

The series is based on a single-panel comic strip by Ted Key. This comic that ran for many years in "The Saturday Evening Post". It was usually on one of the last pages.

The series stars Shirley Booth as Hazel Burke. Hazel is a live-in maid for the Baxter family. Don Defore plays her boss George "Mr. B" Baxter (a lawyer). Whitney Blake plays his wife Dorothy "Missy" Baxter (an interior decorator). Bobby Buntrock plays their young son Harold "Sport" Baxter. The Baxter's have a big, shaggy dog named Smiley.

Other characters were in the series. These characters include George Baxter's client Harvey Griffin (Howard Smith), Rosie, another live-in maid in the neighborhood (Maud Prickett), and postman Barney Hatfield (Robert Williams). Other characters include Hazel's taxi-driving boyfriend Mitch (Dub Taylor), George Baxter's snobby sister Deirdre Thompson (Cathy Lewis), and the Baxter's mixed-up neighbors Herbert and Harriet Johnson (Donald Foster and Norma Varden).

The series is set in a white, upper middle class household. Typical episodes are about Hazel's day-to-day life and work. She might put together a special dinner, or make a home for a stray dog. In one episode, she gets her boss to buy a color television set for her bedroom. Sometimes she comes into conflict with "Mr. B". She gets her way by giving him tiny portions of her delicious desserts.

In the last year, "Mr. B" is sent to the Middle East on a job assignment. Hazel and Harold move in with his brother Steve (played by Ray Fulmer) and his wife Barbara (Lynn Borden) and their daughter Susie (Julia Benjamin). This arrangement lasted for only a year before the series was cancelled. Booth was ill. She did not want to continue to work. Booth won two Emmy Awards for her performance as Hazel (1962 and 1963). She was nominated for a third in 1964.

2 Broke Girls

2 Broke Girls is an American television sitcom on CBS. It began on September 19, 2011 and ended on April 17, 2017. It is set in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City. It is about two waitresses in their twenties who work together at a diner. Kat Dennings plays Max Black, who is from a poor, underclass background. Beth Behrs plays Caroline Wesbox Channing, who until recently was rich.

Garrett Morris plays Earl, the cashier at the diner. He is an elderly African-American former jazz musician. Jonathan Kite plays Oleg, the diner's cook, a hypersexual Ukrainian who lacks social skills. Matthew Moy plays Han Lee, the diner's owner, a very short Korean. Jennifer Coolidge plays Sophie, Max and Caroline's histrionic Polish neighbor. The show was created by comedian Whitney Cummings.


Dennis the Menace (TV series)

Dennis the Menace is a sitcom television series. It is based on the comic strip "Dennis the Menace" by Hank Ketcham. The four-season series aired from 1959 to 1963 on CBS. The show stars Jay North as Dennis Mitchell, Herbert Anderson as his father Henry, Gloria Henry as his mother Alice, Billy Booth as his friend Tommy Anderson, and Jeannie Russell as his friend Margaret Wade. Dennis wore the same costume in every episode: a striped tee-shirt, a pair of bib overalls with a slingshot in the back pocket, a pair of sneakers, and an enormous blond cowlick. Viewers complained about the slingshot and it was eventually removed. The bizarre costume put Dennis outside the realistic "mise en scene" of the show, making it difficult to "relate" to him in spite of North's brilliant performance. Margaret had the same problem with her ringlets, eyeglasses, and ever-present patent leather shoes. These clothes were not the sort of things kids were wearing during the shows years on the air.

Margaret wanted to marry Dennis. This was a running gag in both the comic strip and the television show. She pushed a baby carriage through the neighborhood. "Playing house" was something she pressured Dennis to do. When Dennis needed a penny or two, she gave it to him but only after he promised to play house with her. If he turned her down, she would hit him with one of the rag dolls in the baby carriage and prance on her way.

Other players in the show are Joseph Kearns as Dennis's neighbor George Wilson, Sylvia Field as George's wife Martha, and Gale Gordon as Mr. Wilson's brother John. George Wilson was a retired fussy sort of man who gardened, collected coins, did household fixit jobs, and watched birds. Many episodes were about Dennis making a mess of Mr. Wilson's hobbies. Dennis's comic strip dog Ruff was cut from the TV story, but Mr. Wilson was given a little dog named Fremont. Maud Prickett, Irene Tedrow, Dub Taylor, Mary Wickes, and other familiar 1950s TV faces showed up often as minor characters. Ron Howard appeared in several episodes as Dennnis' friend Stewart while also playing Opie Taylor on "The Andy Griffith Show".

"Dennis the Menace" is about a happy little (but trouble-prone) middle class boy named Dennis Mitchell. He would like to be helpful but his attempts always end in disasters. He bothers a lot of people, but mostly his neighbor George Wilson. Actor Joseph Kearns played George Wilson but died while the show was in production. Gale Gordon joined the show as John Wilson, George's brother. Viewers were told that George and his TV wife Martha were taking a long journey and that George's brother John would be living in and taking care of their house. The show ended in 1963 when North became too old (11 years) to play the part of Dennis.

The Huckleberry Hound Show

The Huckleberry Hound Show is a 30-minute animated television series. It had four seasons and was first aired between April 2, 1958 and April 24, 1962. It is the work of Joseph Barbera and William Hanna. In 1961, "The Huckleberry Hound Show" became the first animated television series to win an Emmy Award.

Each episode has three 7-minute cartoons. The first cartoon stars Huckleberry Hound; the second stars Yogi Bear and his friend Boo Boo Bear, and the third stars Pixie and Dixie and Mr. Jinks. Yogi Bear was the most loved character of the show. He was given his own series in 1961. Hokey Wolf took Yogi's place in the series.

Daws Butler was the voice actor who played Huckleberry Hound, Yogi Bear, Dixie, Mr. Jinks, and Hokey Wolf. Don Messick gave voice to Boo Boo Bear, Ranger Smith, and Pixie. Julie Bennett voiced Yogi's girlfriend Cindy Bear and Doug Young voiced Hokey Wolf's friend Ding-A-Ling.

Barbara Billingsley

Barbara Billingsley (December 22, 1915 – October 16, 2010) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. She played June Cleaver on the television series "Leave It to Beaver" (1957–1963). She played the same character in the sequel series "Still the Beaver" (1985–1988).

Submarine volcano

Submarine volcanoes are volcanoes which are under the surface of the world's oceans. These volcanoes occur in a range of forms. Many create cone-shaped seamounts or flat-topped guyots. 
Volcanoes in the ocean develop from cracks or holes in the earth's undersea surface. Changes in the ocean floor are caused when magma flows or erupts from a site which is under water. 

The presence of water alters the characteristics of a volcanic eruption.



Hugh Beaumont

Eugene Hugh Beaumont (February 16, 1909 – May 14, 1982) was an American actor, television director, and a Methodist minister. He was born in Lawrence, Kansas. He played Ward Cleaver on the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver" (1957–1963). He directed many of the show's episodes. In his retirement years, he became a Christmas tree farmer. He died of a heart attack in Munich, Germany while visiting his son.

Ken Osmond

Kenneth Charles "Ken" Osmond (June 7, 1943 – May 18, 2020) was an American actor and LAPD police officer. He played Eddie Haskell in "Leave It to Beaver" (1957-1963). He was born in Glendale, California.

Osmond died at his home in Los Angeles on May 18, 2020 of problems caused by COPD and peripheral artery disease at the age of 76.


Sue Randall

Marion Burnside "Sue" Randall (October 8, 1935 — October 26, 1984) was an American actress. She played Beaver Cleaver's school teacher Miss Landers on the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver" (1957-1963).

Baffin Bay

Baffin Bay (,) is a marginal sea of the North Atlantic Ocean. It is between Baffin Island and the southwest coast of Greenland. It connects to the Atlantic by Davis Strait and the Labrador Sea. A narrower Nares Strait connects Baffin Bay with the Arctic Ocean.

People lived in the bay area from around 500 BC. First there were the Dorset and then Thule and Inuit people. It was reached by Europeans in 1585. William Baffin described the bay in detail in 1616. He is who the bay and the island are named after. People cannot travel on the bay most of the year because of the ice cover and large amount of floating ice and icebergs in the open areas. 

Baffin Bay was the epicenter of a 7.3 magnitude earthquake in 1933. This is the largest known earthquake north of the Arctic Circle. 

The North Water provides air to ice algae and zooplankton. There are many animals. Of about 20,000 Beluga whales living in the Baffin Bay, some 15,000 are around the North Water. Other animals of the region include walrus, narwhal, Harp Seal, bearded seal, ringed seal and polar bear. 

There are about 400 plant and tree species on the bay shores, including birch, willow, alder and plants adapted to salty soils, as well as lyme grass, mosses, and lichens. These serve as food for caribou and rodents, such as lemming. Resident fish species include polar cod, Arctic flounder (Pleuronectidae, Liopsetta), four-horned sculpin and capelin. The birds of the bay are the Little Auk, Snowy Owl, Willow Ptarmigan, Rock Ptarmigan, Gyrfalcon, Arctic Redpoll and guillemots. Most of them migrate to the south during the winter.

Bragi

Bragi is one of the newest gods in the mythology of the Vikings. He is often represented with a harp. He is shown as an old man with long gray hair and a long gray beard. He dies at the tusks of the Dwarven battle-boar at Ragnarok. His wife is Iðunn, keeper of the apples of the Gods. Bragi is also the god of music and the harp. He wakes the world up in the morning with his harp music.

Barents Sea

The Barents Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is north of Norway and Russia. It was called the Murman Sea in the Middle Ages. The new name is from the Dutch navigator Willem Barents. It is a rather deep shelf sea. The average depth is and maximum depth is . It is bordered by the Norwegian Sea in the west, the islands of Svalbard (Norway) in the northwest, and the islands of Franz Josef Land and Novaya Zemlya in the northeast and east. Novaya Zemlya separates the Kara Sea from the Barents Sea. A lot of fossil fuel energy resources are in the Barents Sea area.

The southern half of the Barents Sea stays ice-free year round due to the warmth brought by the North Atlantic drift. This includes the ports of Murmansk in Russia and Vardø in Norway. In September, the entire Barents Sea is mostly ice-free. Until the end of the Winter War, Finland's territories reached the Barents Sea. This made the harbor at Petsamo Finland's only ice-free winter harbor.

Due to the North Atlantic drift, the Barents Sea has a lot of plants and animals compared to other oceans of similar latitude. The spring bloom of phytoplankton can start quite early close to the ice edge. The fresh water from the melting ice makes up a water layer on top of the sea water. The phytoplankton bloom feeds zooplankton. The animals that eat zooplankton include young cod, capelin, polar cod, whales, and Little Auk. The capelin is a main food for animals such as the North-East Arctic cod, harp seals, and seabirds such as Common Guillemot and Brunnich's Guillemot. The fisheries of the Barents Sea, in particular the cod fisheries, are of great importance for both Norway and Russia.

Beaufort Sea

The Beaufort Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean, north of the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, and Alaska, west of Canada's Arctic islands. The sea is named after hydrographer Sir Francis Beaufort. The Mackenzie River empties into the Canadian part of the sea. Tuktoyaktuk is one of the few permanent settlements on the sea shores.

The sea is frozen over most of the year. Only a narrow pass up to opens in August–September near its shores. The seacoast was populated about 30,000 years ago. The sea has many resources of petroleum and natural gas. They were discovered between the 1950s and 1980s. People started exploring the resources in the 1980s. There is a large amount of beluga whales. The United States and Canada do not agree about the sea border.

Several rivers such as the Kongakut River in Alaska and the Firth River in Yukon empty into the Beaufort. The major river to flow into the sea is the Mackenzie, Canada's longest. The coastal shelf area is rather narrow, especially near and east of Point Barrow in the Alaskan part of the sea. It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackenzie River. It never gets bigger than . Near the coast, the depths are shallower than . The quickly get bigger northwards up to a few kilometers. There are many small islands in the sea and in the delta of the Mackenzie River. A few larger ones are west of the Mackenzie River, such as Herschel Island ( off the shore, and Barter Island ( from the coast. The coasts are low, with the maximum elevations between . The soil is frozen all year around forming permafrost. Only the top few tens centimeters thaw in summer. Buildings have to be above ground on wooden poles.

The shoreline of the Beaufort Sea is covered with tundra. It is the northern limit of the polar bear in North America. The Mackenzie River is an important place to live for whales and sea birds. The delta of Mackenzie River has many lakes and ponds. The muskrat is one animal that lives here.

The sea has about 80 species of zooplankton, more than 70 species of phytoplankton, and nearly 700 species of polychaetes, bryozoans, crustaceans and mollusks. But there are not very many of the animals because of the cold climate. Important fish species include polar cod, Arctic cod, saffron cod, Arctic char, chum salmon, Arctic cisco, least cisco, lake whitefish, broad whitefish, Pacific herring, fourhorn sculpin, inconnu and flatfish.

Chukchi Sea

Chukchi Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is bounded on the west by the De Long Strait, off Wrangel Island, and in the east by Point Barrow, Alaska, beyond which is the Beaufort Sea. The Bering Strait forms its southernmost limit and connects it to the Bering Sea and the Pacific Ocean. The main port on the Chukchi Sea is Uelen in Russia. The International Date Line crosses the Chukchi Sea. It is moved east to avoid Wrangel Island as well as the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug on the Russian mainland.

The sea has an area of about 595,000 km² (230,000 mi²). It can only be travelled about four months of the year. The Chukchi Sea has very few islands compared to other seas of the Arctic. Wrangel Island is at the northwestern limit of the sea, Herald Island is near its northern limit, and a few small islands are along the Siberian and Alaskan coasts.

The sea is named after the Chukchi people. The live on its shores and on the Chukotka Peninsula. The Chukchi worked at fishing, whaling and the hunting of walrus in this cold sea.

In Siberia places along the coast are: Cape Billings, Cape Schmidt, Amguyema River, Cape Vankarem, the large Kolyuchinskaya Bay, Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon, Cape Serdtse-Kamen, Enurmino, Chegitun River, Inchoun, Uelen and Cape Dezhnev.

In Alaska, the rivers flowing into the Chukchi Sea are the Kivalina, the Kobuk, the Kokolik, the Kukpowruk, the Kukpuk, the Noatak, the Utukok, the Pitmegea, and the Wulik, among others. The most important rivers flowing in from its Siberian side are the Amguyema, Ioniveyem, and the Chegitun.

East Siberian Sea

The East Siberian Sea is a marginal sea in the Arctic Ocean. It is between the Arctic Cape to the north, the coast of Siberia to the south, the New Siberian Islands to the west and Cape Billings, close to Chukotka, and Wrangel Island to the east. This sea borders on the Laptev Sea to the west and the Chukchi Sea to the east.

This sea is one of the least studied in the Arctic area. It has severe climate, low water salinity, and little flora, fauna and human population. The depths are shallow (mostly less than 50 meters). There are slow sea currents, low tides (below 25 cm) and frequent fogs, especially in summer. The ice fields only fully melt in August–September. The sea shores were lived on for thousands of years by tribes of Yukaghirs, Chukchi and then Evens and Evenks.

The largest city and port is Pevek, the northernmost city of mainland Russia.

The most important of the rivers flowing into the East Siberian Sea are the Indigirka, the Alazeya, The Ujandina, the Chukochya River, the Kolyma, the Rauchua, the Chaun, and the Pegtymel. Only a few rivers are able to be travelled on. The coastline of the sea is 3,016 km long.

There are few flora and fauna due to the harsh climate. The summer plankton bloom is short. It makes 5 million tons of plankton in August and September. The yearly amount is 7 million tons.

The sea shores and icefields have ringed seals, bearded seals and walruses along polar bears. Birds include seagulls, uria and cormorants. Sea waters are often visited by bowhead whale, gray whale, beluga and narwhal. Major fish species are grayling and "Coregonus" (whitefishes), such as muksun, broad whitefish and omul. Also common are polar smelt, saffron cod, polar cod, flounder and arctic char.

Greenland Sea

The Greenland Sea is a body of water. It borders Greenland to the west, the Svalbard archipelago to the east, Fram Strait and the Arctic Ocean to the north, and the Norwegian Sea and Iceland to the south. The Greenland Sea is often defined as part of the Arctic Ocean and sometimes as part of the Atlantic Ocean. 

The sea has an Arctic climate with regular northern winds and temperatures rarely rising above 0 °C. The West Ice forms in winter in the Greenland Sea, north of Iceland, between Greenland and Jan Mayen island. It is a major breeding ground of harp seal and hooded seal. It has been used for seal hunting for more than 200 years.

Major islands of the Greenland Sea include Svalbard archipelago, Edvards, Eila, Godfred Hansens, Île-de-France, Jan Mayen Lynns, Norske and Schnauders. Of those, only the Svalbard islands are lived on, and Jan Mayen has only seasonal military staff.

The Greenland Sea is has many of the organisms that form the base of the oceanic food chain. Large invertebrates, fish (such as cod, herring, redfish, halibut, and plaice), birds and mammals (including various species of seals, whales, and dolphins) all feed on the smaller invertebrates and small organisms. Mosses, lichens, and scanty bushes around the coasts serve as food to the deer and musk oxen, which in turn are hunted by the polar bear.

Laptev Sea

The Laptev Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is between the northern coast of Siberia, the Taimyr Peninsula, Severnaya Zemlya and the New Siberian Islands. Its northern boundary passes from the Arctic Cape and ends at the Anisiy Cape. The Kara Sea is to the west, the East Siberian Sea to the east.

The sea is named after the Russian explorers Dmitry Laptev and Khariton Laptev. The sea has a severe climate with temperatures below 0 °C (32 °F) over more than 9 months per year. There is low water salinity. There are few flora, fauna and humans. Most of the seas is less than 50 meters deep. It is frozen most of the time, though generally clear in August and September.

The sea shores were lived on for thousands of years by tribes of Yukaghirs and then Evens and Evenks. They were then settled by Yakuts and later by Russians. Russian explorations of the area started in the 17th century. They came from the south by several large rivers which empty into the sea. These rivers include the Lena River, the Khatanga, the Anabar, the Olenyok, the Omoloy and the Yana. The sea has several dozen islands, many have well-preserved mammoth remains.

The largest town and port is Tiksi.

Both flora and fauna are scarce because of the harsh climate. Vegetation of the sea is mostly represented by diatoms, with more than 100 species. The number of green algae, blue-green algae and flagellate species is about 10 each. The phytoplankton is characteristic of brackish waters. There are about 30 species of zooplankton. The coastal flora mainly is mosses and lichens and a few flowering plants including arctic poppy, "Saxifraga", "Draba" and small populations of polar ("Salix polaris") and creeping ("Salicaceae") willows. Rare vascular plants include species of "Cerastium" and "Saxifraga". Non-vascular plants include the moss genera "Detrichum", "Dicranum", "Pogonatum", "Sanionia", "Bryum", "Orthothecium" and "Tortura", as well as the lichen genera "Cetraria", "Thamnolia", "Cornicularia", "Lecidea", "Ochrolechia" and "Parmelia".

Permanent mammal species include ringed seal, bearded seal, Harp Seal, walrus, collared lemming, Arctic fox, reindeer, wolf, ermine, Arctic hare and polar bear. The beluga whale visits the region seasonally. There are several dozens species of birds. Some belong to permanent (tundra) species, such as snow bunting, purple sandpiper, Snowy Owl and brent goose. Others make large colonies on the islands and sea shores. These include little auk, Black-legged Kittiwake, black guillemot, ivory gull, "uria", "charadriiformes" and glaucous gull. Other bird species are skua, sterna, Northern Fulmar, Ivory Gull, Glaucous Gull, Ross's Gull, Long-tailed Duck, eider, loon and Willow Grouse. There are 39 fish species, mostly typical of braskish environment. The major ones are grayling and "Coregonus" (whitefishes), such as muksun, broad whitefish and omul. Also common are sardine, Arctic cisco, Bering cisco, polar smelt, saffron cod, polar cod, flounder and arctic char and inconnu.

In 1985, the Ust-Lena Nature Reserve was formed in the delta of the Lena River. It has an area of 14,300 km². In 1986, New Siberian Islands were included into the reserve. The reserve has many plants (402 species), fishes (32 species), birds (109 species) and mammals (33 species).

White Sea

The White Sea is a southern inlet of the Barents Sea. It is on the northwest coast of Russia. It is surrounded by Karelia to the west, the Kola Peninsula to the north, and the Kanin Peninsula to the northeast. All of the White Sea is under Russian control and considered to be part of the internal waters of Russia. It is divided between Arkhangelsk and Murmansk Oblasts and the Republic of Karelia.

The major port of Arkhangelsk is on the White Sea. It is an important Soviet naval and submarine base. The White Sea-Baltic Canal connects the White Sea with the Baltic Sea.

The White Sea is one of four seas named in English after common colour terms. The others are the Black Sea, the Red Sea and the Yellow Sea.

There are four main bays or gulfs on the White Sea. Kandalaksha Gulf is in the western part of the White Sea. It is the deepest part of the sea, reaching 340 metres (1,115 feet). On the south, Onega Bay receives the Onega River. To the southeast, the Dvina Bay receives the Northern Dvina River at the major port of Arkhangelsk. On the east side, opposite the Kola peninsula, is Mezen Bay. It receives the Mezen River and the Kuloy River. Other major rivers flowing into the sea are the Vyg, Niva, Umba, Varzuga and Ponoy.

The seabed of the central part and Dvina Bay is covered in silt and sand. The bottom of the northern part, the Kandalaksha Gulf and Onega Bay is a mixture of sand and stones. 

The White Sea has a large number of islands, but most of them are small. The main island group is the Solovetsky Islands. They are almost in the middle of the sea, near the entrance to Onega Bay. Kiy Island in Onega Bay is important due to a historic monastery. Velikiy Island, close to the shore, is the largest island in the Kandalaksha Gulf.

The sea has more than 700 species of invertebrates, about 60 species of fish, and 5 species of marine mammals. The fishing industry is small. They mostly target harp seal, ringed seal, herring, saffron cod, European smelt, Atlantic cod and Atlantic salmon. There is a developing seaweed industry.

The White Sea is an important traffic centre of northwestern Russia. The White Sea – Baltic Canal links it through Onega Lake to the Baltic Sea and the major city and port of Saint Petersburg. The Baltic Sea, in turn, is connected by the Volga–Baltic Waterway to the Volga River, Black, Caspian, and Azov seas. The major ports on the White Sea are Arkhangelsk, Belomorsk, Onega, Mezen, Kem, Kandalaksha and Umba. Even though it is frozen in winter, boats can travel on the sea all year around because of the use of icebreakers.

Philippe Harache

Philippe Harache (born 12 April 1954 in Orbec) is a French aerospace engineer and businessman. He is the former Vice-President of Eurocopter.

Graduate from Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées (1976), Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne University, INSEAD and Harvard University, Philippe Harache started his career in 1978 as Helicopter engineer. 
In 1982, he was President of Samaero at Singapore.

He became Vice-President of Eurocopter in 2001. He retired in 2010.

Since 2002, he has also been an adviser of France.



Raytheon

Raytheon Company is an American defense contractor and industrial corporation. It makes military weapons and commercial electronics. It is the world's largest producer of guided missiles. Raytheon was set up in 1922.

Jean-Paul Troadec

Jean-Paul Troadec (born October 14, 1948 in Saint-Renan, Finistère, France) is a French aerospace engineer. He is the current head of the French "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile", the France aviation accident investigation bureau.

Graduate from "École Polytechnique" (1967) and French Civil Aviation University (1970) he has done a career of 25 years at the French civil aviation authorities. From 1985 till 1993, he was head of the "Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique".

He was nominated head of the "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile" in 2009, succeeding Paul-Louis Arslanian.




Tilt Train

The Tilt Train is the name for two high speed train services by Queensland Rail. It runs along the coast of Queensland, from Brisbane, the state capital, through to regional centres Rockhampton and Cairns. It is the most popular way to explore Queensland's coastal tourism places.

Artificial island

An artificial island or man-made island is constructed by people. The island was not formed by nature. Artificial islands may vary in size.

The creation of artificial islands has a long history, including

Under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea treaty (UNCLOS), artificial islands are not considered harbor works (Article 11). Such islands are part of the nearest coastal state if the island is within (Article 56). 

Artificial islands are not considered islands for purposes of having their own territorial waters or Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ).


List of artificial islands

The list of artificial islands is growing. Artificial islands are being built in the 21st century. 







Volcanic crater

A volcanic crater is a circular depression in the ground caused by volcanic activity. 

It is usually a circular basin. When active, there is a vent or vents inside it. From these magma erupts as gases, lava, and . A crater can be huge, and sometimes deep. 

During certain types of gigantic eruptions, the volcano's magma chamber may empty enough for an area above it to subside. This dropped surface crater is called a caldera.


Guglielmo Marconi

Guglielmo Marconi (25 April 1874 20 July 1937) was an Italian inventor and electrical engineer. He was a pioneer of long-distance radio transmission. which he used to build up a radio telegraph system. Marconi is often named as the inventor of radio. He shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun. 

Much of Marconi's work in radio transmission was built on previous experimentation, and work by others. When he was twenty years old, based on the experiments of Hertz, Popov, Lodge, Bose, and Tesla, Marconi began his own experiments. 

As an entrepreneur, businessman, and founder of The Wireless Telegraph & Signal Company in Britain in 1897, Marconi became wealthy in the business of radio, mainly for ships at sea. In 1924, he was ennobled as Marchese Marconi. Back in Italy, he went on to become a member of the Grand Council of Fascism.

Roulette

Roulette is a casino game named after a French diminutive for "little wheel". In the game, players may choose to place bets on fields which include one or more numbers, the colors red or black, or whether the number is odd or even.

To determine the winning number and color, the game wheel is spun in one direction, then a ball is spun in the opposite direction around a track running around the wheel. The ball eventually slows down and falls on to the wheel and into one of 37 (in French/European roulette) or 38 (in American roulette) colored and numbered pockets on the wheel.


Fritz the Cat

Fritz the Cat is a 1972 animated movie directed by Ralph Bakshi. It led to strong controversy upon its release. This movie was the first animated movie to be marked X by the MPAA, although that rating was later surrendered and the movie was released without any actual rating.

Bay of Biscay

The Bay of Biscay is a gulf of the northeast Atlantic Ocean south of the Celtic Sea. It is along the western coast of France from Brest south to the Spanish border, and the northern coast of Spain west to Cape Ortegal. It is named in English after the province of Biscay, in the Spanish Basque Country.

The average depth is and maximum depth is .

The Bay of Biscay is home to some of the Atlantic Ocean's worst weather. Large storms occur in the bay, especially during the winter months. Until recently ships would be wrecked in Biscay storms, and many lives were lost. Improved ships and weather prediction have helped to reduce these problems.

The main rivers that empty into the Bay of Biscay are:

The main cities on the shores of the Bay of Biscay are:

Many species of whales and dolphins can be seen in this area. It is one of the few places where the beaked whales such as the Cuvier's beaked whale have been seen frequently. This is the best study area for beaked whales in the world. The best areas to see the larger cetaceans are in the deep waters beyond the continental shelf.

Gulf of Guinea

The Gulf of Guinea is off West Africa. It is in the northeast of the tropical Atlantic Ocean. 

The Gulf is between Cape Lopez in Gabon, north and west to Cape Palmas in Liberia. The intersection of the Equator and Prime Meridian (zero degrees latitude and longitude) is in the Gulf.

Among the many rivers that drain into the Gulf of Guinea are the Niger and the Volta. The coastline on the gulf includes the Bight of Benin and the Bight of Bonny.

The Gulf of Guinea has a number of islands, the largest of which are in a southwest-northeast chain, forming the Cameroon line of volcanoes.

Annobón, also known as Pagalu or Pigalu, is an island that is part of Equatorial Guinea.

Bioko is an island off the west coast of Africa in the Gulf of Guinea that is part of Equatorial Guinea.

Corisco is an island belonging to Equatorial Guinea.

Elobey Grande and Elobey Chico are two small islands belonging to Equatorial Guinea.

São Tomé and Príncipe (officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe) is a Portuguese-speaking island nation in the Gulf of Guinea. It became independent from Portugal in 1975.

Gulf of Saint Lawrence

The Gulf of Saint Lawrence (French: "golfe du Saint-Laurent") is the outlet of North America's Great Lakes via the Saint Lawrence River into the Atlantic Ocean. It is the world's largest estuary. It is a semi–enclosed sea, covering an area of about and having of water.

The gulf is bounded on the north by the Labrador Peninsula, to the east by Newfoundland, to the south by the Nova Scotia peninsula and Cape Breton Island, and to the west by the Gaspé and New Brunswick. It has Anticosti Island, Prince Edward Island, and the Magdalen Islands.

Besides the Saint Lawrence River itself, some of the tributaries of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence include the Miramichi River, the Natashquan River, the Restigouche River, the Margaree River, and the Humber River. Arms of the Gulf include the Chaleur Bay, Miramichi Bay, St. George's Bay, Bay of Islands, and Northumberland Strait.

The gulf flows into the Atlantic Ocean through the following outlets:




St. Paul Island, Nova Scotia, off the northeast tip of Cape Breton Island, is called the ""Graveyard of the Gulf"" for its many shipwrecks. Getting to the island is controlled by the Canadian Coast Guard.

Bonaventure Island on the eastern tip of the Gaspé Peninsula, Île Brion and Rochers-aux-Oiseaux (Bird Rock) northeast of the Magdalen Islands are important migratory bird sanctuaries. They are administered by the Canadian Wildlife Service.

The Government of Canada maintains national parks in the Gulf of St. Lawrence estuary at Forillon. It is on the eastern tip of the Gaspé, Prince Edward Island on the north shore of the island. Kouchibouguac is on the northeast coast of New Brunswick. Cape Breton Highlands is on the northern tip of Cape Breton Island. Gros Morne is on Newfoundland's west coast. And a national park reserve is in the Mingan Archipelago on Quebec's Côte-Nord.

Labrador Sea

The Labrador Sea (French: "mer du Labrador") is an arm of the North Atlantic Ocean between the Labrador Peninsula and Greenland. The sea is surrounded by continental shelves to the southwest, northwest, and northeast. It connects to the north with Baffin Bay through the Davis Strait. It has been described as a marginal sea of the Atlantic.

The Labrador Sea is about 3400 meters deep and wide where it joins the Atlantic Ocean. It becomes shallower, to less than towards Baffin Bay and passes into the Davis Strait.

The water temperature varies between in winter and in summer. The salinity is relatively low, at 31–34.9 parts per thousand. Two-thirds of the sea is covered in ice in winter.

The northern and western parts of the Labrador Sea are covered in ice between December and June. The drift ice serves as a breeding ground for seals in early spring. The sea is also a feeding ground for Atlantic salmon and several marine mammal species. Shrimp fisheries began in 1978, as well as cod fishing. The cod fishing quickly lessened the fish population in the 1990s and was stopped in 1992. Other fishery targets include haddock, Atlantic herring, lobster and several species of flatfish and pelagic fish such as sand lance and capelin. Bigger amounts are in the southern parts of the sea.

The sea has one of the two major stocks of Sei whales, the other one being the Scotian Shelf. Also common are minke and bottlenose whales.

The Labrador Duck was a common bird on the Canadian coast until 19th century, but is now extinct. Coastal animals include the Labrador Wolf, caribou, moose, black bear, red fox, arctic fox, wolverine, snowshoe hare, grouse, osprey, raven, ducks, geese, partridge and American wild pheasant.

Costal vegetation includes black spruce, tamarack, white spruce, dwarf birch, aspen, willow, ericaceous shrubs, cottongrass, sedge, lichens and moss. Evergreen bushes of Labrador tea, which is used to make herbal tea, are common in the area, both on the Greenland and Canadian coasts.

Ligurian Sea

The Ligurian Sea is an arm of the Mediterranean Sea. It is between the Italian Riviera (Liguria and Tuscany) and the island of Corsica. The sea is probably named after the ancient Ligures people.

The sea borders the countries Italy, France, and Monaco. In the east the sea borders the Tyrrhenian Sea, while in the west it borders the Mediterranean Sea proper. Genoa is the most prominent city in the area. 

The Gulf of Genoa is its northernmost part. The sea receives the Arno River from the east. The ports of Genoa, La Spezia, and Livorno are on its rocky coast. It reaches a maximum depth of more than 9,300 feet (2,850 m) northwest of Corsica.

In order to provide protection for the many cetacean (whales and dolphins; porpoises are not found in this part of the Mediterranean Sea) species in the Ligurian Sea the bordering countries made the sea a SPAMI in 1999. The International Ligurian Sea Cetacean Sanctuary now covers 84,000 km². This covers territorial waters as well as high sea.

Sea of Marmara

The Sea of Marmara, also known as the Sea of Marmora or the Marmara Sea, is the inland sea that connects the Black Sea to the Aegean Sea. It separates Turkey's Asian and European parts. The Bosphorus strait connects it to the Black Sea and the Dardanelles strait to the Aegean. The Sea has an area of 11,350 km² (280 km x 80 km) with the greatest depth reaching 1,370 m.

The salinity of the sea averages about 22 parts per thousand. This is slightly greater than that of the Black Sea but only about two-thirds that of most oceans. The water is much more saline at the sea-bottom, averaging salinities of around 38 parts per thousand — similar to that of the Mediterranean Sea. Water from the Susurluk, Biga (Granicus) and Gonen Rivers reduces the salinity of the sea.

There are two major island groups known as the Princes' and Marmara islands.

The south coast of the sea includes the Gulf of Izmit, the Gulf of Gemlik and the Gulf of Erdek.

The North Anatolian fault, which has started many major earthquakes in recent years, such as the 1999 İzmit earthquake, runs under the sea.

Norwegian Sea

The Norwegian Sea is a marginal sea in the North Atlantic Ocean, northwest of Norway. It is between the North Sea and the Greenland Sea. It joins the North Atlantic Ocean to the west and the Barents Sea to the northeast. In the southwest, it is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by a submarine ridge running between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. To the North, the Jan Mayen Ridge separates it from the Greenland Sea.

Unlike many other seas, most of the bottom of the Norwegian Sea is not part of a continental shelf. It is at a great depth of about two kilometres on average. Rich deposits of oil and natural gas are found under the sea bottom and are being explored commercially. The coastal zones are rich in fish that visit the Norwegian Sea from the North Atlantic for spawning. The warm North Atlantic Current gives stable and high water temperatures, so that unlike the Arctic seas, the Norwegian Sea is ice-free throughout the year.

The Norwegian Sea is a transition zone between boreal and Arctic conditions. It has flora and fauna of both regions. The southern limit of many Arctic species runs through the North Cape, Iceland, and the center of the Norwegian Sea. The northern limit of boreal species is near the borders of the Greenland Sea with the Norwegian Sea and Barents Sea. These areas overlap. Some species like the scallop "Chlamys islandica" and capelin tend to live in this area between the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans.

Most of the aquatic life in the Norwegian Sea is in the upper layers. Estimates for the entire North Atlantic are that only 2% of biomass is at depths below 1,000 metres and only 1.2% occurs near the sea floor.

The blooming of the phytoplankton is dominated by chlorophyll and peaks around 20 May. The major phytoplankton forms are diatoms, in particular the genus "Thalassiosira" and "Chaetoceros". After the spring bloom the haptophytes of the genus "Phaecocystis pouchetti" become dominant.

Zooplankton is mostly copepods "Calanus finmarchicus" and "Calanus hyperboreus". "C. hyperboreus" is strongest in the Arctic waters. They are the main diet of most marine predators. The most important krill species are "Meganyctiphanes norvegica", "Thyssanoessa inermis", and "Thyssanoessa longicaudata". In contrast to the Greenland Sea, there are a lot of calcareous plankton (Coccolithophore and Globigerinida).

Shrimp of the species "Pandalus borealis" play an important role in the diet of fish, particularly cod and blue whiting. A special feature of the Norwegian Sea is large coral reefs of "Lophelia pertusa", which provide shelter to various fish species.

The Norwegian coastal waters are the most important spawning ground of the herring populations of the North Atlantic, and the hatching occurs in March. The eggs float to the surface and are washed off the coast by the northward current. Whereas a small herring population remains in the fjords and along the northern Norwegian coast, the majority spends the summer in the Barents Sea, where it feeds on the rich plankton. Upon reaching puberty, herring returns to the Norwegian Sea. The herring stock varies greatly between years. It increased in the 1920s owing to the milder climate and then collapsed in the following decades until 1970; the decrease was, however, at least partly caused by overfishing. The biomass of young hatched herring declined from 11 million tonnes in 1956 to almost zero in 1970; that affected the ecosystem not only of the Norwegian Sea but also of the Barents Sea.
Enforcement of environmental and fishing regulations has resulted in partial recovery of the herring populations since 1987. This recovery was accompanied by a decline of capelin and cod stocks. While the capelin benefited from the reduced fishing, the temperature rise in the 1980s and competition for food with the herring resulted in a near disappearance of young capelin from the Norwegian Sea. Meanwhile, the elderly capelin population was quickly fished out. This also reduced the population of cod – a major predator of capelin – as the herring was still too small in numbers to replace the capelin in the cod's diet.

Blue whiting ("Micromesistius poutassou") has benefited from the decline of the herring and capelin stocks as it assumed the role of major predator of plankton. The blue whiting spawns near the British Isles. The sea currents carry their eggs to the Norwegian Sea, and the adults also swim there in order to benefit from the food supply. The young spend the summer and the winter until February in Norwegian coastal waters and then return to the warmer waters west of Scotland. The Norwegian Arctic cod mostly occurs in the Barents Sea and at the Svalbard Archipelago. In the rest of the Norwegian Sea, it is found only during the reproduction season, at the Lofoten Islands, whereas "Pollachius virens" and haddock spawn in the coastal waters. Mackerel is an important commercial fish. The coral reefs are populated by different species of the genus "Sebastes".

Large numbers of minke, humpback, sei, and orca whales are present in the Norwegian Sea. White-beaked dolphins are in the coastal waters. Orcas and some other whales visit the sea in the summer months for feeding. They follow the herring schools within the sea. With a total population of about 110,000, minke whales are by far the most common whales in the sea. They are hunted by Norway and Iceland, with a quota of about 1,000 per year in Norway. In contrast to the past, mostly they are hunted for their meat, rather than fat and oil.

The bowhead whale used to be in the area. It almost disappeared from the Norwegian Sea after intense whaling in the 19th century, and was temporarily extinct in the entire North Atlantic. Similarly, the blue whale used to form large groups between Jan Mayen and Spitsbergen, but is hardly present nowadays. Seeing northern bottlenose whales in the Norwegian Sea is rare. Other large animals of the sea are hooded and harp seals and squid.

Important waterfowl species of the Norwegian Sea are puffin, kittiwake and guillemot.

Sargasso Sea

The Sargasso Sea is a region in the gyre in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean. It is bounded on the west by the Gulf Stream; on the north, by the North Atlantic Current; on the east, by the Canary Current; and on the south, by the North Atlantic Equatorial Current. This system of ocean currents forms the North Atlantic Gyre. All the currents deposit the marine plants and garbage they carry into this sea.

The Sargasso Sea is 700 statute miles wide and 2,000 statute miles long (1,100 km wide and 3,200 km long). Bermuda is near the western fringes of the sea. The Sargasso Sea is the only "sea" without shores. The ocean water in the Sargasso Sea is different for its deep blue color and exceptional clarity. Underwater visibility is up to .

Portuguese sailors were among the first to discover this region in the 15th century. They named it after the "Sargassum" seaweed growing there. 

The Sargasso Sea plays a major role in the migration of the European eel and the American eel. The larvae of both species hatch there and go to Europe or the East Coast of North America. Later in life, they try to return to the Sargasso Sea to lay eggs. It is also believed that after hatching, young Loggerhead Sea Turtles use currents, such as the Gulf Stream to travel to the Sargasso Sea, where they use the Sargassum as cover from predation until they are mature.

Kyoto University

, or , is a Japanese university in Kyoto. It is the second oldest Japanese university. It is in the city of Kyoto in Kyoto Prefecture.

 was established on June 1897 as a part of the Imperial university system.

The College of Law and the College of Medicine were founded in 1899, and the College of Letters was established in 1906.

In October 1947, Kyoto Imperial University was renamed Kyoto University.
Kyoto University has the following schools.



Tokyo Medical and Dental University

TMDU has three campuses. One is the "Kounodai" (国府台) campus. The closest station to the campus is Ichikawa Station. Freshmen learn liberal arts and sciences there. By being on the outskirts of Tokyo, Kounodai campus is in a rich natural environment. The others are "Yushima" (湯島) and "Surugadai" （駿河台） campus. The closest station to the campuses is Ochanomizu Station. Upperclassmen learn their speciality there.

TMDU has faculty of medicine and faculty of dentistry. There are also two graduate schools, medical and dental sciences and health care sciences; four undergraduate faculties - medicine, dentistry, health care sciences and oral health care sciences; two university hospitals; an undergraduate college of liberal arts and sciences; and two research institutes, the institute of biomaterials and bioengineering and the medical research institute.

The university was founded under the name of "Tokyo National School of Dentistry" as the first dental education institution in 1928. Then in 1951, it was reestablished with the faculty of medicine as Tokyo Medical and Dental University.

In world university ranking in 2011-2012 of Times Higher Education, TMDU is the 276~300th place, the 35th place in Asia, the 10th place in Japan.

TMDU's education philosophy is:


To enter TMDU, students should pass 2 types of exams: the common test for university admissions and the university's own exam.



On Christmas Day, there are sparkling lights in the shape of a Christmas tree on M&D Tower.

　…on your left side when looking from Ochanomizu Station.
　…in the middle of M&D Tower and Dental Building.
　…on your right side when looking from Ochanomizu Station.


John Cusack

John Paul Cusack (born June 28, 1966) is an American actor, movie producer, and screenwriter. He was born in Evanston, Illinois. He is the fourth of five children of actor Dick Cusack (1925-2003) and Nancy (née Carolan). His siblings Ann (born 1961), Joan (born 1962), Bill (born 1964) and Susie (born 1971) are actors.

His movies include: "The Sure Thing", "Better Off Dead", "One Crazy Summer", "Say Anything...", "Bullets Over Broadway", "City Hall", "Grosse Pointe Blank", "Con Air", "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", "The Thin Red Line", "Pushing Tin", "Being John Malkovich", "High Fidelity", "America's Sweethearts", "Serendipity", "Identity", "Runaway Jury", "Must Love Dogs", "The Ice Harvest", "1408", "2012", "Hot Tub Time Machine", "The Raven", and in "The Butler".

Andaman Sea

The Andaman Sea or Burma Sea is a body of water to the southeast of the Bay of Bengal. It is south of Burma, west of Thailand and east of the Andaman Islands, India. It is part of the Indian Ocean.

The sea has been used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries. Its coral reefs and islands are popular for tourism. Many building were badly damaged by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.

The average depth of the sea is about 1,000 meters (3,300 ft). The northern and eastern parts are shallower than 180 meters (600 ft) due to the silt deposited by the Irrawaddy River. This major river flows into the sea from the north through Burma. The western and central areas are 900–3,000 meters deep (3,000–10,000 ft). Less than 5% of the sea is deeper than 3,000 meters (10,000 ft). In a system of submarine valleys east of the Andaman-Nicobar Ridge, the depth is more than 4,000 meters (13,200 ft). The sea floor is covered with pebbles, gravel and sand.

The coastal areas of the Andaman Sea have mangrove forests and seagrass meadows. The mangrove roots trap soil and sediment. They provide shelter and are a nursery for fish and small aquatic organisms. Their body protects the shore from the wind and waves. Their detritus are a part of the aquatic food chain.

Other important sources of nutrients in the Andaman Sea are seagrass and the mud bottoms of lagoons and coastal areas. Many aquatic species move from and to seagrass either daily or at certain stages of their life cycle.

The sea waters along the Malay Peninsula favor molluscan growth. There are about 280 edible fish species belonging to 75 families. Of those, 232 species (69 families) are found in mangroves and 149 species (51 families) live in seagrass. 101 species are common to both places. The sea also has many vulnerable fauna species, including dugong, several dolphin species, such as Irrawaddy Dolphin and four species of sea turtles: critically endangered leatherback turtle and hawksbill turtle and threatened green turtle and Olive Ridley turtle. There are only about 150 dugongs in the Andaman Sea, scattered between Ranong and Satun provinces.

To the east of the main Great Andaman island group, is Barren Island. Barren Island is the only presently active volcano associated with the Indian subcontinent. This island-volcano is in diameter and rises 354 meters above the seal level. Its recent activity started again in 1991 after a quiet period of almost 200 years. The last eruption has started on 13 May 2008 and still continues. The volcanic island of Narcondam which is further to the north. No records exist of its activity.

Timor Sea

The Timor Sea is a relatively shallow sea. It is bounded to the north by the island of Timor, to the east by the Arafura Sea, to the south by Australia and to the west by the Indian Ocean.

The sea has a number of reefs, islands where no one lives and significant hydrocarbon reserves. The Timor Sea was hit by the worst oil spill for 25 years in 2009.

The waters to the east are known as the Arafura Sea. The Timor Sea is next to three large inlets on the north Australian coast, the Joseph Bonaparte Gulf, Beagle Gulf and the Van Diemen Gulf. The Australian city of Darwin is the only large city by the sea. The small town of Wyndham is on the west arm of Cambridge Gulf, an inlet of Joseph Bonaparte Gulf.

Rivers that enter the Timor Sea from the Northern Territory include Fish River, King River, Dry River, Victoria River and the Alligator Rivers. Rivers in the Kimberley region that flow into the Timor Sea include the Ord River, Forrest River, Pentecost River and Durack River.

The sea is about 480 km (300 statute miles) wide, covering an area of about 610,000 km². (235,000 square miles). Its deepest point is the Timor Trough in the northern part of the sea, which reaches a depth of 3,300 m (10,800 ft). The rest of the sea is much shallower, much of it averaging less than 200 m (650 ft) deep.

In May 2010, it was said that a crater about 50 km wide has been found on the seabed of the Timor Sea.

A number of important islands are in the sea. Two of the islands are Melville Island, part of the Tiwi Islands, off Australia and the Australian-governed Ashmore and Cartier Islands. It is thought that early humans reached Australia by "island-hopping" across the Timor Sea.

Scott and Seringapatam Reefs formed in the area. To the west on the same underwater platform is the Rowley Shoals.

Arafura Sea

The Arafura Sea is west of the Pacific Ocean. It overlys the continental shelf between Australia and New Guinea.

The Arafura Sea is bordered by Torres Strait and through that the Coral Sea to the east, the Gulf of Carpentaria to the south, the Timor Sea to the west and the Banda and Ceram seas to the northwest. It is long and wide. The depth of the sea is mostly 50–80 metres (165–265 feet) with the depth increasing to the west. As a shallow tropical sea, its waters are the start for tropical cyclones.

The sea is over the Arafura Shelf, part of the Sahul Shelf. When sea levels were low during the last glacial maximum, the Arafura Shelf, the Gulf of Carpentaria and Torres Strait formed a large flat land bridge. The bridge connected Australia and New Guinea and let humans move from Asia into Australia. The combined landmass formed the continent of Sahul.

Joan Cusack

Joan Mary Cusack Burke (born October 11, 1962 ) is an American actress. Her movies include "Working Girl", "Toy Story 2", "Toy Story 3", "Married to the Mob", "Say Anything", "Runaway Bride", and "Chicken Little". She was nominated for the Academy Award for "Best Actress in a Supporting Role" for her work in "Working Girl" and "In & Out". 

Cusack is the sister of John Cusack, Ann Cusack, Bill Cusack, and Susie Cusack. Cusack was born on October 11, 1962 in New York City, New York and was raised in Evanston, Illinois. Cusack married Richard Burke in 1993. They have two children together. They currently live in Chicago, Illinois.





Yōmei Seamount

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Yōmei of Japan.

The last eruption from Yōmei seamount was between 60 million and 65 million years ago.



Bering Sea

The Bering Sea is a marginal sea of the Pacific Ocean. It has a deep water basin, which then rises through a narrow slope into the shallower water above the continental shelves.

The Bering Sea is separated from the Gulf of Alaska by the Alaska Peninsula. It covers over two million square kilometers, bordered on the east and northeast by Alaska, on the west by Russia's Siberia and Kamchatka Peninsula, on the south by the Alaska Peninsula and the Aleutian Islands and on the far north by the Bering Strait. The Strait connects the Bering Sea to the Arctic Ocean's Chukchi Sea. Bristol Bay is the part of the Bering Sea which separates the Alaska Peninsula from mainland Alaska. The Bering Sea is named for Vitus Bering, a Danish navigator in Russian service, who in 1728 was the first European to systematically explore it.

The Bering Sea ecosystem includes resources belonging to the United States and Russia, as well as international waters in the middle of the sea.

Most scientists believe that during the most recent ice age, sea level was low enough to let humans and other animals move on foot from Asia to North America across what is now the Bering Strait. This is commonly called the "Bering land bridge" and is believed by some—though not all— to be the first point of entry of humans into the Americas.

Islands of the Bering Sea include:

Regions of the Bering Sea include:

The Bering Sea has 16 submarine canyons including the largest submarine canyon in the world, Zhemchug Canyon.

The Bering Sea is home to some of the world's most interesting wildlife. This sea supports many endangered whale species including bowhead whale, blue whale, fin whale, sei whale, humpback whale, sperm whale and the rarest in the world, the North Pacific right whale. Other marine mammals include walrus, Steller sea lion, northern fur seal, beluga, orca and polar bear.

The Bering Sea is very important to the seabirds of the world. Over 30 species of seabirds and about 20 million individuals breed in the Bering Sea region. Seabird species include tufted puffins, the endangered short-tailed albatross, spectacled eider, and red-legged kittiwakes.

Two Bering Sea species, the Steller's sea cow and spectacled cormorant, are extinct because of overexploitation by man. In addition, a small subspecies of Canada goose, the Bering Canada goose is extinct due to overhunting and the introduction of rats to their breeding islands.

The Bering Sea supports many species of fish. At least 419 species of fish have been reported from the Bering Sea. Some species of fish support large and valuable commercial fisheries. Commercial fish species include six species of Pacific salmon; also Alaska pollock, red king crab, Pacific cod, Pacific halibut, yellowfin sole, Pacific ocean perch and sablefish.

Celebes Sea

The Celebes Sea is a sea of the western Pacific Ocean. It is bordered on the north by the Sulu Archipelago and Sulu Sea and Mindanao Island of the Philippines. It is bordered on the east by the Sangihe Islands chain, on the south by Sulawesi, and on the west by Kalimantan in Indonesia. It is 420 miles (675 km) north-south by 520 miles (837 km) east-west. It has a total surface area of . The maximum depth is 20,300 feet (6,200 m). The sea opens southwest through the Makassar Strait into the Java Sea.

The Celebes Sea is home to a wide variety of fish and aquatic creatures. The tropical setting and warm clear waters give it about 580 of the world's 793 species of reef-building corals. There is a large amount of marine life, including whales and dolphins, sea turtles, manta rays, eagle rays, barracuda, marlin and other reef and pelagic species. Tuna and yellowfin tuna are also abundant.

The Celebes Sea is known for its pirates. They prey not only on small time fishermen but also giant container ships. Nowadays, these pirates have high-tech weapons and equipment like radar and GPS navigation devices and ride on high-speed motorboats. It is the second most pirated body of water after the Gulf of Aden near Somalia. 

The Celebes Sea is an important sea route for regional trade. The sea is also popular for scuba diving and luxury ocean cruising.

Flores Sea

The Flores Sea covers 93,000 square miles (240,000 square kilometres) of water in Indonesia.

The seas that border the Flores Sea are the Bali Sea (to the west), Java Sea (to the northwest), and the Banda Sea (to the east and northeast). The Indian Ocean and Savu Sea are to the south. They are separated from the Flores Sea by various islands. Islands that border this sea are the Lesser Sunda Islands and Celebes (Sulawesi).

Gulf of Alaska

The Gulf of Alaska is an arm of the Pacific Ocean. The borders are the southern coast of Alaska, stretching from the Alaska Peninsula and Kodiak Island in the west to the Alexander Archipelago in the east, where Glacier Bay and the Inside Passage are found.

The entire shoreline of the Gulf is a combination of forest, mountain, and a number of tidewater glaciers. Alaska's largest glaciers, the Malaspina Glacier and Bering Glacier go out onto the coastal plain along the Gulf of Alaska. Cook Inlet and Prince William Sound are the two largest connected bodies of water. There is also Yakutat Bay and Cross Sound. Lituya Bay is the place of the largest recorded tsunami in history.


Gulf of Thailand

The Gulf of Thailand is a shallow arm of the South China Sea.

The Gulf of Thailand is bordered by Cambodia, Thailand and Vietnam. The northern tip of the gulf is the Bay of Bangkok at the mouth of the Chao Phraya River. The gulf is about 320,000 km². The boundary of the gulf is defined by the line from Cape Bai Bung in southern Vietnam to the city Kota Baru on the Malaysian coast.

The Gulf of Thailand is relatively shallow. Its average depth is 45 m, and the maximum depth only 80 m. This makes water exchange slow. The strong water inflow from the rivers make the Gulf low in salinity (3.05-3.25%) and rich in sediments. The main rivers which empty into the gulf are the Chao Phraya (including its distributary Tha Chin River), Mae Klong and Bang Pakong Rivers at the Bay of Bangkok, and the Tapi River into Bandon Bay in the southwest of the gulf.

The Gulf of Thailand has many coral reefs, and several diving resorts. Due to the tropical warmth of the water, it is popular with tourists. Some of the most important tourist places in the Gulf of Thailand are the islands of Ko Samui and Ko Pha Ngan in Surat Thani province, Pattaya in Chonburi province, Cha-am in Phetchaburi Province, Hua Hin in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, Ko Samet in Rayong Province,and Ko Chang in Trat Province

Java Sea

The Java Sea is a large shallow sea on the Sunda Shelf. It is 320,000 km². It was formed as sea levels rose at the end of the last ice age. The Java Sea is between the Indonesian islands of Borneo to the north, Java to the south; Sumatra to the west, and Sulawesi to the east. Karimata Strait to its northwest links it to the South China Sea.

Fishing is an important economic activity in the Java Sea. There are over 3,000 species of marine life in the area. A number of national parks are in the area such as Karimunjawa. The Thousand Islands are north of the mainland Jakarta. The area around the Java Sea is a popular tourist destination. Scuba diving lets people explore and photograph underwater caverns, wrecks, coral, sponges, and other marine life.

The Battle of the Java Sea, during February and March 1942, was one of the costliest naval battles of World War II. The naval forces of the Netherlands, Britain, Australia, and the U.S. were nearly completely destroyed trying to defend Java from Japanese attack.

Koro Sea

The Koro Sea or Sea of Koro is a sea in the Pacific Ocean. It is between Viti Levu island, Fiji to the west and the Lau Islands to the east. It is surrounded by the islands of the Fijian archipelago.

The sea is named after Koro Island.


Molucca Sea

The Molucca Sea is in the western Pacific Ocean, within the country of Indonesia. The region is rich in coral and has many diving sites.

The Molucca Sea borders the Banda Sea to the south and the Celebes Sea to the north. 

The islands bordering the Molucca Sea include Halmahera to the north east, Buru and Ceram in the centre, and Sulawesi to the west. The Talaud Islands to the north are the general limit of the sea. The Molucca Sea Plate, the tectonic plate named after the sea, goes further north.

Sea of Okhotsk

The Sea of Okhotsk is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean. It is between the Kamchatka Peninsula on the east, the Kuril Islands on the southeast, the island of Hokkaidō to the south, the island of Sakhalin along the west, and a long stretch of eastern Siberian coast (including the Shantar Islands) along the west and north. The northeast corner is Shelikhov Gulf. It is named after Okhotsk, the first Russian town in the Far East.

The Sea of Okhotsk covers 611,000 sq.mi. (1,583,000 km). The average depth is 2,818 feet (859 metres). Its maximum depth is 11,063 feet (3,372 metres). It is connected to the Sea of Japan on the west through the Sakhalin Gulf and the Gulf of Tartary; on the south, through the La Pérouse Strait.

In winter, travelling on the Sea of Okhotsk becomes difficult, or even impossible, due tolarge ice floes.

Except for Hokkaidō, one of the Japanese home islands, the sea is surrounded on all sides by land of the Russian Federation. For this reason, it is generally said to be part of Russia.

Some of the Sea of Okhotsk's islands are quite large. These include Japan's second largest island, Hokkaidō, as well as Russia's largest island, Sakhalin. Iony Island is the only island in open waters. It belongs to the Khabarovsk Krai of the Russian Federation. Most of the sea's islands are have no people making them ideal breeding grounds for seals, sea lions, seabirds, and other sea island fauna.


Solomon Sea

The Solomon Sea is a sea in the Pacific Ocean. It is between Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. Many major battles were fought there during World War II.

The Solomon Sea includes the New Britain Trench. It reaches its maximum depth at 29,988 feet (9,140 m) below sea level.

Sulu Sea

Sulu Sea has a number of islands. The Cuyo Islands and Cagayan Sulu are part of the province of Palawan while Mapun and the Turtle Islands are part of the province of Tawi-Tawi. The Tubbataha Reef National Marine Park, one of the World Heritage Sites, is in Sulu.

Jingū Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Jingū Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Empress Jingū of Japan.

The last eruption from Jingū seamount was 55 million years ago.



African forest elephant

The African forest elephant ("Loxodonta cyclotis") is an elephant which lives in the forests of the Congo Basin. 

It is often considered a separate species from the African bush elephant ("Loxodonta africana"); a 2010 study said that the two elephants were two different species. However, since the two groups can interbreed successfully, they may only be separate subspecies of "Loxodonta africana". They are probably forest elephants whose small size is adapted to the rainforest conditions.

The differences include that the African forest elephant has a long, narrow mandible (the African bush elephant's is short and wide), it has rounded ears (an African bush elephant's ears are more pointed), straighter and downward tusks, smaller size, and more toenails. The male African forest elephant rarely grows more than 2.5 metres (8 ft) in height, while the African bush elephant is usually over 3 metres (just under 10 feet) and sometimes almost 4 metres (13 ft) tall. The African bush elephant normally has 4 toenails on the frontfoot and 3 on the hindfoot, the African forest elephant normally has 5 toenails on the frontfoot and 4 on the hindfoot (like the Asian elephant). 

The African forest elephant is a herbivore (plant eater) and commonly eats leaves, grass, fruit, and bark, and sometimes visits places where it can lick salt.


Amundsen Sea

The Amundsen Sea is an arm of the Southern Ocean off Marie Byrd Land in western Antarctica. It is bounded by Cape Flying Fish, the northwestern tip of Thurston Island to the east and Cape Dart on Siple Island to the west. East of Cape Flying Fish starts the Bellingshausen Sea. The sea is named for the Norwegian polar explorer Roald Amundsen.

The sea is mostly ice-covered. The ice sheet which drains into the Amundsen Sea averages about in thickness. It is roughly the size of the state of Texas. The area is known as the Amundsen Sea Embayment (ASE). It forms one of the three major ice drainage basins of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.

Pine Island Bay () is a bay about long and wide. The ice of the Pine Island Glacier at the southeast end of the Amundsen Sea flows into it. It was named for USS "Pine Island".

Russell Bay () is a rather open bay in southwestern Amundsen Sea. It goes along the north sides of Siple Island, Getz Ice Shelf and Carney Island, from Pranke Island to Cape Gates. It is named for Admiral James S. Russell, USN, Vice Chief of Naval Operations.

Great Australian Bight

The Great Australian Bight is a large bight, or open bay. It is off the central and western parts of the southern coastline of mainland Australia.

The Bight's boundaries are from Cape Pasley, Western Australia, to Cape Carnot, South Australia. This is a distance of 1,160 km or 720 miles.

The much more accepted name in Australia for the connected waterbody is the Southern Ocean rather than the Indian Ocean.

The settlements along the coastline with access to the Bight and facilities are Ceduna and Eucla. Some other locations on the Eyre Highway or on the Nullarbor do not have facilities or easy access.

The coast line of the Great Australian Bight has cliff faces (up to 60 m high), surfing beaches and rock platforms, ideal for whale-watching. The Great Australian Bight receives very little of the runoff that fertilises most continental shelves. It is essentially a marine desert. It is probably best noted for the large number of sharks that frequent its coastal waters, as well as the increasing numbers of Southern Right Whales that migrate in the region.

One location on the bight that is for the understanding of the natural history on its coastline is the Eyre Bird Observatory.

Ross Sea

The Ross Sea is a deep bay of the Southern Ocean in Antarctica between Victoria Land and Marie Byrd Land.

The Ross Sea was discovered by James Ross in 1841. In the west of the Ross Sea is Ross Island. In the east is Roosevelt Island. The southern part is covered by the Ross Ice Shelf. In the west of the Ross sea, McMurdo Sound is a port which is usually free of ice during the summer. The southernmost part of the Ross Sea is Gould Coast, which is about two hundred miles from the Geographic South Pole.

All land masses in the Ross Sea are claimed by New Zealand.

A 10 metre (32.8 feet) long colossal squid weighing 495 kilograms (1,091 lb) was captured in the Ross Sea on February 22, 2007.

The flora and fauna are similar to other southern Antarctic marine regions. In summer there are a lot of plankton. They provide food for larger species, such as fish, seals, whales, and sea- and shore-birds.

The coastal parts of the sea have a number of rookeries of Adélie and Emperor penguins. They have been seen at a number of places around the Ross Sea, both towards the coast and outwards in open sea.

The Ross Sea is one of the last parts of seas on Earth that is mostly unaffected by human activities. Because of this, it is almost totally free from pollution, overfishing and the introduction of invasive species. Some people want to make the area a world marine reserve.

Ōjin Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Ōjin Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Ōjin of Japan.

The last eruption from Ōjin seamount was 55 million years ago.



Scotia Sea

The Scotia Sea is partly in the Southern Ocean and mostly in the South Atlantic Ocean.

Normally stormy and cold, the Scotia Sea is the area of water between Tierra del Fuego, South Georgia, South Sandwich Islands, South Orkney Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula. It is bordered on the west by Drake Passage. These island groups all sit on top of the Scotia Ridge. The Scotia Sea covers an area of about 900,000 km². About half of the sea stands above the continental shelf.

The islands are rocky and partly covered in ice and snow year round.

The islands do have vegetation. They have been called Scotia Sea Islands tundra ecoregion. These include South Georgia, the volcanic South Sandwich Islands and the South Orkneys in the Scotia Sea as well as the remote South Shetland Islands near the Antarctic Peninsula and the small isolated volcano Bouvet Island. All these islands are in the cold seas below the Antarctic convergence. These areas have tundra vegetation of mosses, lichen and algae. Seabirds, penguins and seals feed in the surrounding waters. 

Seabirds include four species of albatross: Black-browed Albatross "(Diomedea melanophris)", Grey-headed Albatross "(Thalassarche chrysostoma)", Light-mantled Albatross "(Phoebetria palpebrata)", and Wandering Albatross "(Diomedea exulans)". There are only five species of bird that stay on land. These include two endemic species: a race of the Yellow-billed Pintail duck"(Anas georgica)" and South Georgia Pipit "(Anthus antarcticus)".

Penguin species found here include large numbers of King Penguins, as well as Chinstrap Penguin, Macaroni Penguin, Gentoo penguin, Adelie Penguin, and Rockhopper Penguin "(Eudyptes chrysocome)". 

Seals include the Antarctic Fur Seal "(Arctocephalus gazella)" and Sub-Antarctic Fur Seal "(Arctocephalus tropicalis)" in large numbers, Leopard Seal "(Hydrurga leptonyx)", Weddell Seal "(Leptonychotes weddellii)", the huge Southern Elephant Seal "(Mirounga leonina)", and Crabeater Seal "(Lobodon carcinophagus)".

South Georgia, the South Sandwich Islands and Bouvet Island are protected as nature reserves. Bird Island, South Georgia is a site of special scientific interest. 

Weddell Sea

The Weddell Sea is part of the Southern Ocean and has the Weddell Gyre. The easternmost point is Cape Norvegia at Princess Martha Coast, Queen Maud Land. Much of the southern part of the sea, up to Elephant Island, is permanent ice. The sea is claimed by Argentina and Britain. There is also a part in the claim of Chile. At its widest the sea is around 2,000 km across. In area it is around 2.8 million km².

The sea is named after the British sailor James Weddell who entered the sea in 1823. 

The Weddell Seal is one of the animals that live in the area.

The Weddell Sea has said by scientists to have the clearest water of any sea. 

Bab-el-Mandeb

The Bab-el-Mandeb, meaning "Gate of Tears" in Arabic, is a strait between Yemen on the Arabian Peninsula, Djibouti and Eritrea, north of Somalia, in the Horn of Africa, and connecting the Red Sea to the Guardafui Channel and Gulf of Aden. It is sometimes called the "Mandab Strait" in the English language.

The strait gets its name from the dangers of traveling on it. Or, according to an Arab legend, from the numbers who were drowned by the earthquake which separated Asia and Africa.

Bab el-Mandab acts is an important link between the Indian Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea, via the Red Sea and the Suez Canal. In 2006, about of oil passed through the strait per day, out of a world total of about .

The distance across is about 20 miles (30 km) from Ras Menheli in Yemen to Ras Siyan in Djibouti. The island of Perim divides the strait into two channels. The eastern channel, known as the Bab Iskender (Alexander's Strait), is 2 miles (3 km) wide and 16 fathoms (30 m) deep. The western channel, or Dact-el-Mayun, has a width of about 16 miles (25 km) and a depth of 170 fathoms (310 m). Near the coast of Djibouti is a group of smaller islands known as the "Seven Brothers".

Bass Strait

Bass Strait is a sea strait separating Tasmania from the south of the Australian mainland, specifically the state of Victoria. The strait was named after George Bass who travelled it in 1798.

It is about 240 km wide at its narrowest point and generally around 50 metres deep. It has many islands, with King Island and Flinders Island home to many towns.

The water is very rough, with many ships lost in the 19th century. A lighthouse was built on Deal Island in 1848 to help ships in the eastern part of the Straits. On the west, the Cape Otway Lighthouse was first lit in 1848. Another lighthouse was at Cape Wickham at the northern end of King Island in 1861.

There are over 50 islands in Bass Strait. Major islands include:

Western section:

South eastern section:

North eastern section:

Davis Strait

Davis Strait is a northern arm of the Labrador Sea. It is between mid-western Greenland and Nunavut, Canada's Baffin Island. The strait was named for the English explorer John Davis (1550–1605), who explored the area while seeking a Northwest Passage. It is the world's broadest strait.

The water depth is between one and two thousand meters. The strait is much shallower than the Labrador Sea to the south or Baffin Bay to the north. It is on the coast line of Canada.

Nine-banded armadillo

The nine-banded armadillo ("Dasypus novemcinctus"), or the nine-banded, long-nosed armadillo, is a species of armadillo. The nine-banded armadillo is an insectivorous animal. Ants, termites, and other small invertebrates make up most of its diet. The armadillo can jump in the air when scared.

The nine-banded armadillo is spreading more far out in both the north and east of the United States. It crossed the Rio Grande from Mexico in the late 19th century. At the same time, it was introduced in Florida by humans. By 1995, the species was found in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, and recently seen as far north as southern Nebraska, Illinois, and Indiana.
The main reason of this fast expansion is because the species have few or no natural predators in the United States. It is also because Americans do not hunt or eat the armadillo. In late 2009, the state of North Carolina considered a hunting season for armadillo to slow them down.
Outside the United States, the nine-banded armadillo is in Central and South America and northern Argentina and Uruguay.

Nine-banded armadillos are mostly insectivores. They find their meals by pushing their snouts into soil and digging. They dig up grubs, beetles, ants, termites, and worms. They sometimes also eat amphibians, small reptiles, fungi, and carrion.

Nine-banded armadillos do not live in groups. They are nocturnal, which means that they are lively at night instead of the day. Through soil excavation, the nine-banded armadillo's ability to burrow underground helps the armadillo protect itself from predators and protect their young. They are purposely positioned in a way, such as on a slope, where they have vegetation around, protective layers around, and easy access to nearby burrows. The burrows they make are about wide, deep, and long.
Armadillos usually mark their territory. The armadillo can jump in the air when scared. This may be dangerous on roads, because it could get hit by a car. Their top protection mechanism is their rigid, bony, armored shell. 

Mating is usually done from July to August in the Northern Hemisphere and November to January in the Southern Hemisphere. A single egg is fertilized. Then it splits into four identical embryos, each which makes its own placenta. The nine-banded armadillo gives birth to genetically identical quadruplets.

After birth, the quadruplets remain in the burrow, drinking the mother's milk for about three months. Then they begin to hunt for their meals with the mother. After six months to a year, they leave.

A single female can produce up to 56 young over the course of her life.


Redundancy

In information theory, redundancy means that a message is encoded and transmitted using more bits that are necessary to encode the message. If a piece of information is redundant, it can be left out, without loss of information. Redudant information such as checksums can be used to detect and correct errors in transmission or storage.

Operations like data compression reduce redundancy. This can be good, as the data can be sent more quickly and take less space. It can also be bad, if an error can no longer be corrected automatically.

When using databases, redundancies must be avoided, as they can lead to inconsistencies. In this case, the process is called normalisation. 

Hiroshima Toyo Carp

The is a Japanese professional baseball team in the city of Hiroshima and Hiroshima Prefecture. The Carp play in Japan's Central League or .

The team's ballpark is Mazda Stadium.

The Carp is a team with the greatest number of perfect games Japanese professional baseball.

The team joined the Central League as the Hiroshima Carp in 1949.
Carp Won Central League Championship for the first time in 1975.

The team mascot "Slyly" bears resemblance to the Phillie Phanatic of the Philadelphia Phillies. "Carp Boya" is another team mascot.






Moyashimon

Moyasimon: Tales of Agriculture, in Japan also known as Moyashimon (もやしもん), is a manga series created by Masayuki Ishikawa. It won the 2008 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize for Grand Prize and the 2008 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.

It is said that the setting is based on Tokyo University of Agriculture. However, the author has said that it is just any agricultural college, and is unrelated to a real university.

Moyasimon follows the life of Tadayasu Sawaki, a first-year college student at an agricultural university.

He can see and communicate with microorganisms and bacteria.




Kōkō Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Kōkō Guyot"' because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Kōkō of Japan.

The last eruption from Kōkō seamount was 48 million years ago. The north side of Kōkō Seamount was formed at least 52.6 million years ago; and the south side of Kōkō is dated at 50.4 million years ago.



Kammu Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Kammu Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Kammu of Japan.

The last eruption from Kammu seamount is unknown.



Staffordshire Hoard

The Staffordshire Hoard is the largest find of Anglo-Saxon gold and silver metalwork in Britain. It was discovered in a field near the village of Hammerwich, Lichfield, in Staffordshire on 5 July 2009. It consists of over 3,500 items. 

The objects are nearly all martial (military) in character, and there are no objects which are specifically female. The artefacts are dated as 7th or 8th centuries, at the time of the Kingdom of Mercia. 

The hoard has been described by Leslie Webster, former keeper of the department of prehistory at the British Museum, as "absolutely the metalwork equivalent of finding a new Lindisfarne Gospels or Book of Kells", and "this is going to alter our perceptions of Anglo-Saxon England as radically, if not more so, as the Sutton Hoo discoveries". 

Dr Roger Bland, Head of the Portable Antiquities Scheme, said: "It is a fantastically important discovery. It is assumed that the items were buried by their owners at a time of danger with the intention of later coming back and recovering them".

The average quality of the workmanship is extremely high. 
The hoard was valued at £3.285 million, and has now been purchased by the Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery and the Potteries Museum & Art Gallery.

Dietary supplement

A dietary supplement (or food supplement or nutritional supplement) is anything taken by mouth which helps enhance food that a person or animal eats. It can be in pill, powder, or a liquid form. 

The supplement provides nutrients such as vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids. People may want to take supplements because they may not have enough nutrients in their body or may want to get more healthier. Some countries define supplements as food. Others define them as drugs or natural health products. 

Bodybuilding supplements are dietary supplements for those involved in bodybuilding and athletics. These supplements can help with weight gain or weight loss, or to improve their performance.


Rana (genus)

Rana is a genus of frogs. There are over 90 species of these frogs. These include the pond frogs such as the common frog which lives in Europe. The brown frog, leopard frog, and the American bullfrog are also included. Members of "Rana" can be found in Eurasia, North American, Africa, Central America, and the northern parts of South America.

Species of "Rana" are very large in length. They have slim waists and wrinkled skin. Most of "Rana" frogs do not have warts like many toads. "Rana" frogs are great jumpers because of their long slender legs. All of the "Rana" frogs, including most frogs, have webbed feet. This allows them to swim in water. "Rana" frogs are mostly green and have brown on the top. They have darker and yellowish spots on their bodies.



Roar (utterance)

A roar is a sound that is made from certain animals. This sound is a deep outburst from an open mouth. Roaring is made by using the hyoid. The hyoid is a small bone that is not completely rigid in adults. Animals roar for a few reasons. These include when animals claim their territory (such as territorial dispute), communication with other members, and when they are angry. 

Daikaku-ji

The earliest structures were built in the early Heian period as a villa of Emperor Saga (785-842). Osawa pond, the artificial lake in the Japanese garden, was created in Saga's lifetime.

After Saga's death, a Buddhist temple complex was established at the site. Imperial princes were often appointed as abbot of the temple.

In the 14th century, the temple came to be associated with the Kameyama branch of the Imperial family.




Auf Wiedersehen, Pet

Auf Wiedersehen, Pet is a British drama television program about English migrant builders. The show was created by Franc Roddam and mostly written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais. It was shown on ITV from 1983-1986 and on BBC One from 2002-2004. It stars Christopher Fairbank, Christopher Holton, Tim Healy, Gary Holton, Jimmy Nail, Pat Roach, Timothy Spall and Kevin Whately.

In the first series, the men work on a building site in Düsseldorf, Germany.


Daikakuji Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Daikakuji Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Daikaku-ji, which is a Buddhist temple long associated with the Imperial family.

The last eruption from Daikakuji seamount was 42 million years ago.



Bob Hoskins

Robert William Hoskins (26 October 1942 – 29 April 2014) was a British actor. He was born in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk and raised in Finsbury Park, London. 

Hoskins' movies include: "The Long Good Friday", "Mona Lisa" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". He won a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role as George in Mona Lisa. 

He was also awarded a doctorate degree (degree in acting) at the graduation ceremony of Royal Central School of Speech and Drama in London, England. 

On 8 August 2012, Hoskins said he had retired, having being diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in late 2011. He died of pneumonia on the morning of 29 April 2014 in London.

Hakuchi (era)

In 650 ("Taika 6", The "daimyo" of Nagato Province brought a white pheasant to the court as a gift for the emperor. It was considered to be a good omen, and the emperor caused the "nengō" to be changed to "Hakuchi" (meaning "white pheasant").

In Japan, this was the second nengō, which was developed from the Chinese system of eras ("nianhao"). It became an example of growth in political power.

The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.




Tororo

Tororo () is a sticky food made from grating a yam. Tororo is mixed with other food that typically includes dashi, wasabi, and green onions, and the amount of these ingredients can be adjusted to suit one's taste. In Japan, tororo is eaten as a side dish, or added to noodles (udon or soba). Tororo has a lot of vitamin B1, vitamin C, calcium, potassium, and other vitamins and minerals.

Mugitoro () is a wheat dish made by pouring cold tororo on top of cooked wheat.

Yamakake () is a dish made from tororo and tuna (maguro). Tuna seasoned with soy sauce and tororo with dashi give a mild taste. Sometimes, it is put on rice as Donburi.

Tororo is also eaten with udon or soba. In tororo udon/soba, it is often eaten with a raw egg or a yolk.
Japanese people think it is very healthy to eat tororo, so it is added to many foods.　

The Japanese food nattō is often eaten with tororo, too.

Lego Big Morl

lego big morl is a Japanese rock band from Osaka, made up of four men: Takehiro Kanata(guitar & vocal), Hiroki Tanaka (guitar), Hiro Asakawa (drum), Shintarou Yamamoto (bass).
It is called merely "lego".

They started the band in Osaka in 2006, and had a tour a year later. After that, their song "Ray" was adopted as the featured song of a drama, "Akai ito". This made them a little famous and they made a major debut next year.

"Ray" was covered by Kou Shibasaki in 2010.


2006:

After Asakawa's band split up in March, he asked Kanata to form a band with him. Tanaka, who was in the same band as Kanata joined the new band, followed by Yamamoto, who was a friend of Kanata from high school.
They started to go into action mainly in Osaka.

2007:

They held a first live tour in Tokyo, Yokohama, Ibaraki, and Gunma in March.
They gave out free CDs "テキーラグッバイ(tequila goodbye)" at live studios.

2008:<br>
The year of getting people to know them.
...They released a ¥100 SINGLE"moonwalk for a week", which reached number four on the indies chart.
They also released a first mini album "Tuesday and Thursday".
Starting from here, they attended many big music festivals and events.
In December, they released their first single "Ray", which became one of the soundtracks of the Fuji TV drama, and movie "赤い糸(akai ito)".



Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks

The history of the Hawks dates to the 1930s. The team has had several names, including

SoftBank Hawks won the first prize in the Japan championship in 2011. The owner of the Hawks is SoftBank, an IT company. The Hawks are very popular in Fukuoka. The mascot character is Harry Hawk.

The Fukuoka Yahoo! Japan Dome in Fukuoka is their home stadium. This stadium is in the central ward of Fukuoka city, near Tojinmachi subway station.




Shōten

Shōten is a comedy Japanese television series. It is broadcast on Sunday afternoons in Nippon television Network corporation. The show started in 1966.

There are eight members of this TV program: Utamaru, Koyuuza, Kouraku, Kikuō, Rakutarou, Shōta, Taihei and Takao Yamada. They are very　famous comic storytellers except Yamada. Yamada carries Japanese cushion for other broadcaster. Yamada says "I carry not only cushion but also happiness."


Slalom skiing

Slalom skiing is a special event in the sport of Alpine skiing.

Slalom was first recognized as part of the Winter Olympic Games in 1936.

Slalom is the most technical event in alpine skiing.

A slalom race involves skiing between and around a series of obstacles made of poles which are placed on the snowy slope. These poles are called "gates". There are many gates in a slalom run.

Smaller turns than Super G or Downhill are made because distance between gates is short.

World Cup is the highest international competition of alpine skiing held by International Ski Federation (FIS).

Ingemar Stenmark (Sweden, his career 1973-1989) and Vreni Schneider (Switzerland, her career 1984-1995) are the record holder as the most World Cup titles in Slalom discipline. Stenmark won 8 times and Schneider won 6 times.

These are necessary items for the alpine skiing competitions.
In slalom (SL), 165 cm for men, 155 cm for ladies.
In giant slalom (GS), 195 cm for men, 188 cm for ladies.
In Super G (SG), 210 cm for men, 205 cm for ladies.
In Downhill (DH), 218 cm for men, 210 cm for ladies.

Tumors of the hematopoietic and lymphoid tissues

Blood cancer is a type of cancer or tumor. Blood cancer hurts the blood, bone marrow, lymph, and lymphatic system. Sometimes more than one body part is hurt.

The cause is usually different from other types of cancer. The way to find out if a person has this cancer is also different. 

People with blood cancers see a kind of doctor called a hematologist (blood doctor) or oncologist (cancer doctor). There are other blood problems that are not blood cancers. A blood doctor also helps people with those problems.

Tumors of the hematopoietic (blood cell forming) and lymphoid tissues are local growths. Hematopoietic and lymphoid "malignancies" are cancers that affect the blood, bone marrow, lymph, and lymphatic system. As the blood and lymph connect through both the circulatory system and the immune system, a disease affecting one will often affect the others as well.

There are three types: 

A doctor will do some tests to find out if a person has a blood cancer. One common test is a complete blood count. The cells that circulate in the bloodstream are generally divided into three types: white blood cells (leukocytes), red blood cells (erythrocytes), and platelets (thrombocytes). The relative proportions is what picks up indications of a problem.

Sometimes the doctor will take a very small piece of the body out, to look at it. This is called a "biopsy". Bone marrow is where new blood is made in the body. A bone marrow biopsy looks at the blood-making parts to see if they have cancer.

People with blood cancer often take drugs called chemotherapy or immunotherapy. If the blood cancer is in one place, they may have radiotherapy. A bone marrow transplant is a difficult way to kill blood cancers.

Thousands of people get blood cancers. Each year, 30,000 people in the United Kingdom (UK) learn that they have blood cancer.

Lymphomas are more common than leukemias.


Japanese calligraphy

Japanese Calligraphy started with introduction of Kanji from China.

After Buddhism was introduced into Japan, Calligraphy spread rapidly.

Emperors such as Shotokutaishi ("聖徳太子") and Shoumu ("聖武天皇")　wanted people to copy sutras by hand. Also, Japanese envoys to Tang Dynasty China took Chinese culture back to Japan. This affected the way of Japanese Calligraphy.

Picnic

A picnic is an event to eat outdoors, have a break, enjoy the warm sunshine, and have fun in a free time. It is usually held in a park or other open places. People bring the food for picnics in lunch boxes or in picnic baskets. Food for picnics is prepared on location such as by grilling, or at home. After the meal, people often play games and sports, for example, playing catch, badminton and Frisbee. As at other parties, some like to create their own original foods and games.A lakeside, park or other places with interesting view is perfect for a picnic. In picnic, we often get the freshness of the nature.

In the 12th century, a picnic was described in the Persian poetry of "The Rubaiyat":

In 1800, the Picnic Society in London was organized by people who met from time to time to dine together.

A famous painting of a picnic is "Le déjeuner sur l'herbe" ("The Luncheon on the Grass"). It was painted in 1862 by the French artist Édouard Manet. 


The Last Emperor

The Last Emperor is a biographical historical movie filmed and released in 1987.

The movie follows the life of Puyi, who was the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty and later the emperor of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo.

This movie was a collaboration by Italy, China, and the United Kingdom. It was entirely filmed in China, most notably in the Forbidden City in Beijing, as well as in Dalian and in Changchun.

"The Last Emperor" received Golden Globe Awards.

The movie won nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture.


Kameoka, Kyoto

Kameoka city was built around a castle. It is in a rural area. 

The population of Kameoka city is about 90,000 people. 

Special products found in Kameoka include Botan nabe and Matsutake.


The Kameoka festival is held in the city from October 23rd to 25th every year. It is called the Gion Festival in Tamba, or Fall festival in Kameoka.

Soft tennis

Soft tennis is major sport in Japan. It is usually played by two players with rackets. It is similar to normal tennis, but the ball is soft.
Young and old of both sexes can enjoy playing soft tennis because the racket and ball are light.

Tennis came to Japan from England in about 1880's.

In Japan, people were not able to make good hard ball those days. Imported balls were expensive. Therefore Japanese people used a rubber ball.

Botan nabe

It has a lot of ingredients: boar meat, vegetables, root vegetables, mushrooms, konyaku, fu, and tofu.


Monster

A monster is a type of creature in fiction. They are usually found in legends or horror stories. They are often ugly and may make people and other creatures scared. They also eat people sometimes. A monster could be anything really, like a vampire or a witch or even a werewolf. Figuratively, a "monster" is a very evil person. Sometimes these creatures aren't bad or monsters as you would say because some protect other people and/or are inoffensive. 

Denmark Strait

The Denmark Strait or Greenland Strait is an oceanic strait between Greenland (to its northwest) and Iceland (to its southeast). The Norwegian island of Jan Mayen is northeast of the strait.

It connects the Greenland Sea, an extension of the Arctic Ocean, to the Irminger Sea, a part of the Atlantic Ocean. It is long and miles wide at its narrowest.

During World War II, the Battle of the Denmark Strait took place on 24 May 1941. 

It is the widest strait of the world found in the American continent. 

Hudson Strait

Hudson Strait links the Atlantic Ocean to Hudson Bay in Canada. It is between Baffin Island and the northern coast of Quebec. Its eastern entrance is Cape Chidley and Resolution Island. It is long. Its width varies from at its largest point, to a minimum of .

The strait was discovered by explorer Henry Hudson in the year 1609. It was long thought to be the fabled Northwest Passage.

Kara Strait

The Kara Strait or Kara Gates is a 56 km (35 mi) wide channel of water between the southern end of Novaya Zemlya and the northern tip of Vaygach Island. This strait connects the Kara Sea and the Barents Sea in northern Russia. 

The Kara Strait was an important waterway in the early exploration of the Northern Sea Route.

Variable antshrike

The variable antshrike ("Thamnophilus caerulescens") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family found most in South America. It is (as its name) arguably the species of antbird with the most variable plumage. This leads to claims that it includes more than one species, but evidence suggests that this is incorrect.

The Variable Antshrike is about long.

The Variable Antshrike is found mostly in eastern and southern Brazil. It is also seen in Pernambuco and Alagoas. From southern Brazil, its range spreads through Uruguay, Paraguay, northern Argentina, Bolivia, and along the eastern slope of the Andes in Peru, as far north as the Amazonas Region.

It has many habitats, but most of it is found in foothills in north-eastern Brazil, and does not live in lands higher than 2600 meters (8500 ft).

Horned lizard

The Horned lizards ("Phrynosoma") are a genus of lizard wlives in dry areas and deserts of North America. The female horned lizard lays her eggs in a hole in the ground.

The horned lizard eats mostly ants or other crawling insects.

The horned lizard has strong armor to protect it from its enemies. It has pointed scales, as well as horns behind its head.

White-backed vulture

The White-backed Vulture is a bird of the family Accipitridae which also includes eagles and hawks. They live in the African grasslands. They eat the leftovers of big cats. After their meal, they clean their feathers well so that they are always in good flying condition.

Checker-throated stipplethroat

The checker-throated antwren ("Epinecrophylla fulviventris"), also known as the fulvous-bellied antwren or checker-throated stipplethroat, is a small passerine bird in the antbird family. As its name, the males have throats with a black and white "checkered" pattern. The Checker-throated Antwren is the only member of the genus that lives in the west of the Andes. The species is found from Honduras south to northern Colombia and to western Ecuador.

White-flanked antwren

The white-flanked antwren ("Myrmotherula axillaris") is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is the only antwren with white flank patches. Vieillot named the species in 1817. Because it has a large range, it does not reach the status of vulnerable.


Black-hooded antshrike

The black-hooded antshrike ("Thamnophilus bridgesi") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. As its name, males are mostly black, with three rows of well-marked white spots on the wings. However, females are usually brown, and only its tail is black. 


3D (album)

3D is the final studio album by American girl group TLC. It was released on November 12, 2002 by Arista Records. This was six months after Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes died. The album debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200 chart. 143,000 copies of "3D" were sold in the first week of release. It was then certified Platinum by the RIAA for shipping 1,000,000 copies in the United States. The album was given two Grammy Awards nominations.

List of number-one Billboard Latin Albums from the 2010s

The Top Latin Albums chart is a weekly music chart. It is published by "Billboard" magazine. It lists the top 50 albums released (primarily) by Hispanics in the United States. 

 – Best-selling Latin album of the year


Alejandro Fernández

Alejandro Fernández () (born April 24, 1971) is a Mexican singer. He was nicknamed "El Potrillo" (The Colt) by the media and fans. He has sold over 30 million albums worldwide. Alejandro is the son of ranchera singer Vicente Fernández. Alejandro sings Mexican folk music. These include mariachi and ranchera music.

Alejandro Fernández has performed with artists such as Plácido Domingo, Marc Anthony, José Carreras, Chayanne, Amaia Montero, Joan Sebastian, Gloria Estefan, Malú, Julio Iglesias, Patricia Kaas, Miguel Bosé, Mario Frangoulis, Ednita Nazario, Yuri, Franco De Vita, Diego El Cigala, Nelly Furtado and Beyoncé Knowles.



Banda Los Recoditos

Banda Los Recoditos is a Mexican band. The members of the group formed the band in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, Mexico. 

In 1989, Banda Los Recoditos wad formed by a group of students. The band's name came from Banda el Recodo. This was because they were children of the band members from Banda el Recodo, a Mexican band formed by Cruz Lizárraga. Lizárraga invited the boys to perform at a birthday party for José Ángel Espinoza Ferrusquilla, a family friend. After they were done singing, everyone was amazed at their talents. This helped them realize their love for music.

They started out by singing in celebrations in Mazatlan and other neighborhoods close by. They began to become popular among the people in the city. The band recorded their first album "A Bailar de Cabllito". This album helped the band to tour in the United States, where they were asked to play. After the released, Pancho Barraza, and Alfonso Lizárraga joined Banda el Recodo.

In 1998, the band renamed their name to "Banda Vuelta De Rio". Alfonso Lopez had wanted to change the name. They recorded three independent albums. In 2001, they changed their band's name to "Banda Los RCS" (Banda Ritmo Con Sabor Sinaloense). However, in 2004, they changed their band name again to their original band name.

Carlos Perez, Luis Angel Franco, and Carlos Sarabia joined the band in 2004. They began recording Regional Mexican music. This was popularized by young Mexicans. In 2005, was given an award "Popular Breakthrough of the Year" at the Premios Oye!. This was for their third album "Si No Existieras". In 2006, the band recorded an album with their parent's group Banda el Recodo called "Dos Generaciones". In 2010, the band released "¡Ando Bien Pedo!" their first major album. It reached to number one on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart. The single, which is the same name, reached number one on the Hot Latin Tracks chart as well. On September 19, 2010, Luis Angel Franco announced that the band is working on a new album. They released it in 2011 under the title "A Toda Madre".



Genchū

Genchū (元中) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Kōwa". This was the last Southern Court era. This period started in April 1384 and ended in October 1392. During this time, the monarch in Yoshino until 1392 was .. Until 1392, the pretender in Kyoto was After 1392, Go-Komatsu was the 100th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. 





Chayanne

Elmer Figueroa Arce (born June 28, 1968 ) is a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer. He is best known by his stage name Chayanne. He has released 21 studio albums. He has also sold over 30 million albums worldwide. Figueroa's nickname "Chayanne" was given to him by his mother. This was because he liked the 1960s television series "Cheyenne". In the 1970s, Chayanne tried out for Menudo. The producers told him that he was too young to be in the group. Because of this, he joined another group called Los Chicos (the guys). They recorded several hit singles. These include "Puerto Rico Son Los Chicos" and "Ave Maria", which would later be recorded by Beyoncé Knowles. After the group separated in 1984, Chayanne started his solo career. 

Chayanne signed with RCA Ariola. He released his first album "Chayanne es mi Nombre" (1984). His second album with RCA, "Sangre Latina" was released in April 1986. On May 5, 1987, Chayanne switched to Sony Music Latin. His self-titled album was released in that same year. The album features "Peligro de Amor" and "Fiesta en América" which ranked on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks charts. On November 1, 1988, Chayanne released another self-titled album. After its release, Pepsi wanted him to be their spokesperson. On August 7, 1990, his album "Tiempo de Vals" was given a Grammy Award nomination. Chayanne has also been in several TV programs since 1984. 




Marc Anthony

Marco Antonio Muñiz (born September 16, 1968), is an American singer-songwriter, actor, and producer. He is better known by his stage name Marc Anthony. Anthony is the top selling tropical salsa artist of all time. He has won two Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy awards. He has also sold over 12 million copies worldwide. He is known for his Latin salsa songs and ballads. 

Anthony has won many awards. He won the 2009 Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute (CHCI) Chair's Award. and its CHCI Chair's Lifetime Achievement Award. Marc Anthony holds the record for having the most number one singles on the "Billboard" Tropical Songs chart. Marc Anthony is also the owner of the Miami Dolphins NFL team. 

Anthony worked with ex-wife Jennifer Lopez and director-choreographer Jamie King in late 2011 on a Latino talent series created by Simon Fuller, called "Q'Viva! The Chosen". It follows Lopez and Anthony as they travel across 21 countries to find new talent.

He is a philanthropist. He has won awards for his charitable work. He raises funds for orphanages in Latin America and for brain cancer.

In 1994, Anthony's ex-girlfriend Debbie, a NYC police officer, gave birth to their daughter Ariana.

Marc married former Miss Universe Dayanara Torres on May 9, 2000. They have two sons. The marriage ended in October 2003.

Anthony married Nuyorican actress and singer Jennifer Lopez on June 5, 2004. This was less than a week after his divorce. They had twins in 2008. Anthony filed for divorce on April 9, 2012.

On January 28, 2023, Anthony married Miss Universe Paraguay Nadia Ferreira.

He was raised Roman Catholic. Anthony is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.



Romeo Santos

Anthony "Romeo" Santos (born July 21, 1981) is an American singer. Romeo was the lead singer of the bachata group Aventura. As part of Aventura, Romeo became an important figure for making Bachata music popular. His songs were on the top of the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks charts and the top of music charts in Europe. In 2002, the band's song "Obsesión" was at number one in Italy for 16 weeks. 

Romeo was born in The Bronx, New York. His father is Dominican while his mother is Puerto Rican. When he was 12 years old, Romeo was a member of the church choir. On May 9, 2011, Romeo released his lead single "You" from his first album. The song debuted at number one on the Hot Latin Tracks and Tropical Songs chart. The second single, "Promise" a duet with Usher, reached number one on both charts as well.



Songs in A Minor

Songs in A Minor is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Alicia Keys. It was released on June 5, 2001 by J Records. Alicia Keys was signed with Colombia Records after she graduated high school. She recorded an album in 1998. Colombia Records did not like the album and did not release it. The contract with Colombia Records ended. This was because of a dispute with the label. Alicia Keys then signed a contract with Clive Davis. Keys is a classically-trained pianist. She used her pianist talents to produce and arrange her music. The album was named "Songs in A Minor". However, only one song "Jane Doe" is in the key of A minor.

When the album was released, it was given positive reviews from music critics. Most of the reviews praised Keys mix of old school jazz and contemporary R&B and soul music. Keys was compared to artists such as Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder, Billie Holiday, Prince and Lauryn Hill. The album was given a lot awards. These include five Grammy Awards. "Songs in A Minor" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 236,000 copies the first week. It has sold 6.2 million copies in the United States and 12,000,000 copies worldwide. "Rolling Stone" magazine named "Songs in A Minor" the second best album of 2001. However, they list it at number 95 on its list of the best albums of the 2000s decade.


The 20th Anniversary Edition was released on June 4, 2021 to celebrate the 20-year anniversary of the release of "Songs in A Minor". The album includes four bonus tracks including the previously unreleased "Foolish Heart" and "Crazy (Mi Corazon)".



Global dimming

Global dimming is the slow decrease in the irradiance at the Earth's surface. Irradiance is the power of electromagnetic radiation per unit area. One of the possible causes of global dimming is pollution. It affects the water cycle by decreasing evaporation and by decreasing the rain in some areas. Global dimming also causes the earth to cool down. This cooling effect may cover the effect of greenhouse gases caused by global warming.

Air pollutants absorb solar energy and reflect sunlight back into space. The pollutants can also become the core for cloud droplets. Water droplets in clouds fuse around the pollutants. More pollutants create clouds with more number of smaller droplets. The smaller droplets make clouds to reflect more light. This causes more sunlight to be reflected back into space and less light reaches the Earth's surface.

Clouds stop the heat from both going in and out from the earth. This process is complex and it changes according to the time, location and the height above the sea level. During the day, more sunlight stops from going in. This cools down the Earth. During the night, the heat in earth stops from going out. This slows down the heat from going out the earth.

Volcanic ash can also stops the sunlight from going in and out from the earth. Decreases in the earth's temperatures are observed after large volcanic eruptions. Some examples are the eruptions of Mount Agung in Bali that erupted in 1963, El Chichon (Mexico, 1983), Ruiz (Colombia, 1985), and Mount Pinatubo (Philippines, 1991). Even for large eruptions, the ash clouds do not stay for a long time.

Global dimming is harming the water cycle of the earth. It reduces the rain, which is very important for the fresh water. In 2001, researchers did a study at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The research suggested that the pollutants have a bad effect on the water cycle. Another global dimming event happened in 2006 in northern hemisphere during hurricane season. The NASA study found that the big dust storms happened in Sahara Desert during June and July cause the dust to go over the Atlantic Ocean. The dust forms a cover over the ocean and causes it to cool down. This reduces the hurricanes' development.

Barefoot in the Park (movie)

Barefoot in the Park is a 1967 American romance comedy movie. It was directed by Gene Saks, produced by Hal B. Wallis and written by Neil Simon. It is based on Simon's 1963 play Barefoot in the Park. It is set in Greenwich Village, Manhattan, New York City. It stars Robert Redford and Jane Fonda as newlywed couple Paul and Corie Bratter. Paul is a conservative attorney and Corie is free-spirited.

San Cristóbal

San Cristóbal is the Spanish name of Saint Christopher. It is a common geographical name. It could refer to any of the following:


Interior design

Interior design tries to make interior spaces better to live and work in. It uses principles of design and organization of interior spaces, color and furnishings. 
The goal of interior design is to create an environment for living that is functional, efficient and aesthetically pleasing for the occupants. Before starting any old house renovation or construction of a new building, ensure proper planning for that. Plan and select a budget for renovation first. Then depending on your budget, choose some designs. After selecting some designs, discuss with an expert. These steps are crucial for you and the expert as well. When the interior designer will know your planned budget for renovation, they will also prepare the steps as per your budget and requirement.
Interior design is universal among people of all breeds and plants, even aliens can be interior designers. All known human settlements have shown this. Ancient Egypt is one example. Painting interior walls have existed for at least 5,000 years, with examples found as far north as the Ness of Brodgar, as have standardized interiors, as seen in the associated Skara Brae settlement.

Interior designers are people skilled at using the elements of design and organizing interior spaces in functional and aesthetic ways. They may offer advice on the layout of spaces, building and technical issues such as lighting, sound, and temperature control.

They must have professional knowledge of issues affecting the physical comfort, safety and convenience of an interior's occupants. Also they must be familiar with local building codes, government regulations and have drawing and presentation skills.

Important concepts in interior design include color selection, color palettes and how they affect the perception of space and mood, spatial organization, knowledge of fabrics, finishes, design styles and trends.

In order for interior designers to do a perfect job, they must follow the steps in the design process:

There are specific types of interior design and specializations. Some types of interior design are residential design, commercial design, hospitality design, healthcare design, universal design, exhibition design, and spatial branding.

The designer offers advice and tries to determine what their clients' needs are in their home life, their personality and style preferences, an interview process usually called the client brief. They may do a lifestyle questionnaire and room condition checklist.

Residential designers seek to make their clients' home more aesthetic, efficient and comfortable. They discuss any and all proposed changes with the client, show them decorating or remodeling plans, samples and examples of the proposed alterations for approval.

Commercial interior designers design public spaces such as office buildings, community centers, museums, hotels, stores, warehouses, and libraries. In commercial design the designer has to create an environment that includes function and aesthetics. A commercial interior designer's work includes selecting paint colors, choosing artwork, accounting for acoustics and lighting, picking appropriate furniture, and placing all these together in the manner most appropriate to the venue. Recently commercial interior designers have worked with indoor plants and agro-inventions such as the Grofie Greenwall, which allows firms to bring a tropical forest, vegetable or herb garden right into the office, in order to reconnect office workers with nature.

Hospitality designers design the places which have any relationship between guest and host such as hotels. This includes the reception and entertainment of guests, visitors or strangers, resorts, membership clubs, conventions, attractions, special events, and other services for travelers and tourists.

Healthcare design is related to hospitals and how to make a good space to make the patient and staff very comfortable. Healthcare designers compare the evidence-based design with evidence-based medicine; that knowledge can help ensures that future healthcare facilities are built to improve clinical outcomes. In addition, a deeper understanding of the relationship between the built environment and quality of care will help ensure that healthcare facilities are designed to meet the diverse needs of patients, families, and staff.

Universal design is the design for all people around the world and to creating environments and products those are usable by all people to the greatest extent possible.

There are many different types of exhibit, ranging from museum exhibitions to retail and trades show spaces, to themed attractions, zoos, and visitor centers. All types of exhibits aim to communicate a message through engaging their audiences in meaningful and compelling interactions. Use a wide range of technologies and techniques to develop experiences that will resonate with diverse audiences–enabling these targeted audiences to access the messages, stories, and objects of an exhibit.

Apart from designing an empty apartment or home, an interior designer is also responsible for space management that not only lets any individual walk properly but also gives them a functional home.




Joey Harrington

Joey Harrington (born October 21, 1978) is an American retired football player. He played as a quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL. Harrington also played for the Detroit Lions and the Miami Dolphins.

Harrington was born in Portland, Oregon. 

Strait of Hormuz

The Strait of Hormuz is a narrow, strategically important strait between the Gulf of Oman in the southeast and the Persian Gulf. On the north coast is Iran and on the south coast is the United Arab Emirates and Musandam, an exclave of Oman.

The strait at its narrowest is wide. Around 20% of the world's oil passes through the strait.

Operation Praying Mantis was an attack on 18 April 1988 by the United States Armed Forces on Iranian boats in retaliation for the Iranian naval mining of international waters in the Persian Gulf during the Iran–Iraq War and the subsequent damage to an American warship.

On 3 July 1988, 290 people were killed when an Iran Air Airbus A300 passenger jet was shot down over the strait by the United States Navy guided missile cruiser USS "Vincennes".

On 8 January 2007, the nuclear submarine USS "Newport News", traveling submerged, hit M/V "Mogamigawa", a 300,000-ton Japanese-flagged very large crude tanker, south of the strait. There were no injuries, and no oil leaked from the tanker.

A series of naval stand-offs between Iranian speedboats and U.S. warships in the Strait of Hormuz occurred in December 2007 and January 2008. U.S. officials said Iran was harassing and provoking their naval vessels. Iranian officials said this was not true.

On 29 June 2008, the commander of Iran's Revolutionary Guard, Ali Mohammed Safari, said that if Iran were attacked by Israel or the United States, it would close off the Strait of Hormuz. This would be bad for the oil markets. The US said that such an action by Iran would be an act of war. The U.S. would not allow this.

In the last week of July 2008, in the Operation Brimstone, dozens of U.S. and foreign navy ships prepared for battle in the shallow waters off the coast of Iran.

As of 11 August 2008, more than 40 U.S. and allied ships were on the way to the Strait of Hormuz. There would be a total of five battle groups, not counting submarines.

On 20 March 2009, United States Navy Hartford collided with the New Orleans in the strait. The collision slightly injured 15 sailors aboard the Hartford. It opened a fuel tank aboard the New Orleans, spilling of marine diesel fuel.

On 27 December 2011, Iranian Vice President Mohammad-Reza Rahimi said Iran would stop oil supply from the Strait of Hormuz should Iran be limited in their oil exports.

On 3 January 2012, Iran threatened to take action if the U.S. Navy moves an aircraft carrier back into the Persian Gulf.

On 7 January 2012, the United Kingdom said that it would be sending the Type 45 destroyer to the Persian Gulf. "Daring", which is the lead ship of her class is said to be one of the "most advanced warships" in the world. The ship will have its first mission in the Persian Gulf. The British Government said that this move has been long-planned, as "Daring" will replace another Armilla patrol frigate.

On 9 January 2012, Iranian Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi said that Iran would not close the Strait of Hormuz.

By 23 January, a flotilla was made by countries against Iran's threats to close the Hormuz Strait. These ships were in the Persian Gulf and Arabian Sea off the coast of Iran.

Alan Ball (screenwriter)

Alan Erwin Ball (born May 13, 1957) is an American writer, movie director and producer. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia and is openly gay.

Ball wrote "American Beauty", for which he won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award. He created, wrote and produced "Six Feet Under" (for which he won an Emmy Award) and "True Blood".

Randy Foye

Randy Foye (born September 24, 1983) is an American basketball player. He played for the Oklahoma City Thunder and Los Angeles Clippers. Foye was selected with the seventh overal pick in the NBA Draft 2006. In 2007, Foye was selected for the NBA All-Rookie First Team.


Korea Strait

The Korea Strait (, "Daehan Haehyeop"), also known as the Tsushima Strait, is a narrow body of water between Japan and South Korea. The name is used in two ways. It identifies the sea between Korea and Tsushima Island; and it is also used generally to describe the wider ocean area between Korea and the island of Kyushu.

The strait links the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan in the northwest Pacific Ocean. Tsushima Island is between the western channel (Korea Strait) and the eastern channel (Tsushima Strait).

The northern shore of the strait is the southern coast of the Korean peninsula. Depending on usage, the southern shores of the strait may mean the western coast of Tsushima or it may mean the western coasts of Kyūshū and Honshū.

The strait is about wide and averages about 90 to 100 meters (300 ft) deep.

The western channel is deeper (up to 227 meters) and narrower than the eastern channel.

A warm current ("Tsushima-kairyū") runs through the straight from south to north.


Makassar Strait

Makassar Strait is a strait between the islands of Borneo and Sulawesi in Indonesia. To the north it joins the Celebes Sea. To the south it meets the Java Sea. The Mahakam River of Borneo empties into the strait.

Ports along the strait include Balikpapan in Borneo, and Makassar and Palu in Sulawesi. The city of Samarinda is 48 km (30 mi) from the strait, along the Mahakam.

The strait is a common shipping route for ships too big to fit through the Straits of Malacca.

The Tale of the Heike

This conflict is also known in the Genpei War (1150-1185).

This long story has been translated into English at least five times, including

An abridged translation by Burton Watson was published in 2006.



Mozambique Channel

The Mozambique Channel is a part of the Indian Ocean. Its between the Somali Sea to the north, the island nation of Madagascar in the east, and Mozambique in the west. It was the place of the World War II Battle of Madagascar. The channel is about 460 km across at its narrowest point between Angoche, Mozambique, and Tambohorano, Madagascar. The channel reaches a depth of 3,292 m (10,800 feet) about 230 km off the coast of Mozambique. 




Strait of Otranto

The Strait of Otranto connects the Adriatic Sea with the Ionian Sea. It separates Italy from Albania. Its width at Punta Palascìa, east of Salento is less than . The strait is named after the Italian city of Otranto.

During World War I, the strait was of strategic importance. The Allied navies of Italy, France, and Great Britain kept the Austro-Hungarian Navy from freely entering the Mediterranean Sea.

In 1997 and 2004, nearly 100 people lost their lives trying to illegally cross the strait. This was following the 1997 unrest in Albania and poor economic conditions in the Tragedy of Otranto and the Karaburun tragedy.

In 2006, the Albanian government said that motor-powered sailing boats could not sail on all lakes, rivers, and seas of Albania. This was to prevent organized crime. Government owned boats, foreign owned boats, fishing boats, and jet boats are still allowed. In 2010, the rule was extended for 3 more years, until 2013.

Palk Strait

Palk Strait is a strait between the Tamil Nadu state of India and the Mannar district of the Northern Province of Sri Lanka. It connects the Bay of Bengal in the northeast with the Palk Bay and then with the Gulf of Mannar in the southwest. The strait is wide. Several rivers flow into it, including the Vaigai River of Tamil Nadu. The strait is named after Robert Palk. He was a governor of Madras Presidency (1755-1763) during the Company Raj period.

On the southern end of the strait is a chain of low islands and reef shoals. These are called Adam's Bridge. This chain goes between Dhanushkodi on Pamban Island and Mannar Island in Sri Lanka. 

The shallow waters and reefs of the strait make it difficult for large ships to pass through.

Sinergia

Sinergia is a experimental music band, formed in 1994 in Santiago, Chile. The band released five studio albums, one DVD, thirteen music videos, two extended plays and one demo. The Sinergia's music experiments alternative rock, avant garde metal, funk rock, funk metal, ska, alternative metal, progressive rock, electronic rock, nu metal, and also punk rock, rockabilly and folk rock in their music.







Byron, Georgia

Byron is a city in Peach County, Georgia, United States. A small part of the city goes into Houston County. The population was 5,702 at the 2020 census. 

Byron is home to the Middle Georgia Raceway. The racetrack was host to the Atlanta International Pop Festival in 1970. The festival was the largest gathering in Georgia history until the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.

Byron is 90 miles south of Atlanta, 16 miles south of Macon and 10 miles from the Peach County seat of Fort Valley.

Peep Show (TV series)

Peep Show is a British television sitcom starring David Mitchell and Robert Webb. It ran from 19 September 2003 to 16 December 2015. It was created by Andrew O'Connor, Jesse Armstrong and Sam Bain. It was written by Armstrong, Bain and Simon Blackwell. Mitchell won a BAFTA Award for his role.

Mitchell plays Mark Corrigan, Webb plays Jeremy Usborne. They are two young men who share a flat in Croydon, London. They are friends despite being very different to each other. Much of the show's humour is about the difference between the two central characters.

Mark is conservative, studious, intelligent, hard-working, frugal, socially awkward and loves history. He is a loan manager for the first five series.

Jeremy is unemployed, irresponsible, dishonest, lazy, promiscuous bisexual and hedonistic. From series 1 - 7 he attempts to become a professional musician. In series 8 and 9 he is a life coach.

Porsche Club Hohensyburg

The Porsche Club Hohensyburg is an organization of Porsche enthusiasts in Germany.

Is the first fan-club of cars Porsche. It was founded on May 26, 1952 in Westphalia.

Chinoiserie

Chinoiserie refers to elements in European art that are influenced by Chinese arts. Some of the most prominent examples of Chinoiserie can be found in royal palaces in Europe, such as the Drottningholm Palace in Sweden and Tsarskoye Selo in Russia.


Chloroacetic acid

Chloroacetic acid is an organochloride which results from replacing one hydrogen atom of acetic acid with one chlorine atom. Chloroacetic acid is used in industrial chemical processes, for example in the production of dyes. It was used as poison gas in the First World War, as a so-called Yellow Cross agent. It is still used to treat warts today. Chloroacetic acid is a very strong acid that causes immediate damage to the skin. Exposing between 5% and 10% of the skin to a solution of 80% chloroacetic acid will lead to death.

Chloroacetic acid,industrially also known as Monochloroacetic acid (MCA or MCAA) is a white or pale yellow crystal chemical with irritant smell mainly used in manufacturing a variety of products including herbicides, pharmaceuticals, anesthetics, tranquilizers and amphoteric surfactants as one of the fine chemical intermediates.

Wester Ross

Wester Ross is part of the Scottish county of Ross and Cromarty. It is in the northwest highlands. It has some of the most spectacular scenery in Great Britain, and is a tourist attraction.

Wester Ross is geographically the western watershed of Ross-shire. Administrative and political boundaries have been changed a number of times.

The mountains are made of a very old Precambrian rock known as the Torridonian sandstone formation. It was laid down in the Mesoproterozoic and Neoproterozoic eras. It is just a small part of what was once a huge supercontinent. The remains of this are in parts of Scandinavia and North America. These rocks are of Archaean and Paleoproterozoic age, ranging from 3.0–1.7 billion years (Ga) ago. 


Desertion

Desertion is a military word which means a soldier has left his position without permission. The soldier does not plan on returning. The term Absence Without Leave (AWOL) can also be used, but is usually used where the soldier does intend to return. Usually a soldier who has been AWOL for more than 30 days is listed as a deserter. Deserting is treated as a serious offense; military law usually provides for the death penalty. The last United States soldier executed for desertion was Eddie Slovik in 1945. No U.S. soldier has been given more than 18 months in prison for desertion during the Iraq War.


New Revised Standard Version

The New Revised Standard Version (NRSV) is an English translation of the Holy Bible. It was released in 1989 in the United States. It is a revision of the Revised Standard Version. It is a formal translation and its editors tried to make it accurate. There are several editions of the NRSV. These include editions with the Apocrypha, Catholic editions, and Anglicized editions which use British spelling and grammar.

Torridonian

The Torridonian is a sedimentary sandstone which sits on top of the earliest rocks in Scotland. The map shows the sandstone as orange: it is on the western edge of the mainland, and on part of Skye. Geographically, this is part of the district of Wester Ross.

The sandstone is the earliest sedimentary rock in this part of the world. Under it lies much older gneiss known as the Lewisian complex. All the rock under the sandstone is igneous and metamorphosed igneous rock. 

The sandstones are red beds laid down by rivers and lakes in a landscape of low rocky hills. A great thickness of red sandstone, brought in by rivers, buried the old hills. This took place in the Proterozoic, 1,200 to 544 million years ago (mya). There are older and younger sandstone groups, with a long period between them. The lower sandstone is a breccia, with broken fragments of earlier rocks.

As a result of later periods of rifting and mountain-building, some of the Torridian sandstone lies under the sea, and some of it is uplifted into mountains.

Henry Hill

Henry John Hill Jr (June 11, 1943 - June 12, 2012) was an American mafioso. He was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York City. His mother was Sicilian and his father was Irish. Hill was a member of the Mafia from 1955 until he went into the Witness Protection Program in 1980. He later left the Program. He was a violent robber, extortionist and drug dealer. He was a compulsive gambler and drug addict who served prison sentences. He married Karen (née Friedman) in 1965. The couple had a son and daughter and divorced in 2002. Hill died in hospital in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 69. Hill's children survive him.

Hill's life was the basis of Nicholas Pileggi's book Wiseguy. This was later used as the basis for movie "Goodfellas", in which Ray Liotta played Hill.

Zheng Zhihua

Zheng Zhihua (, born 14 November 1961 in Taipei) is a Taiwanese singer. His songs were very popular in both mainland China and Taiwan during 1990s. His most famous song are "Sailor" () and "Star Lighting" ().

Knife Party

Knife Party is an Australian electronic dance music duo. Their first EP was "100 % No Modern Talking", which was released on December 12, 2011 through Beatport. Knife Party was founded by Rob Swire and Gareth McGrillen from the band Pendulum. On May 28, 2012, Knife Party's second EP, "Rage Valley" was released. Their single "Antidote" (Swedish House Mafia vs. Knife Party) was their most successful release so far. It debuted at Number 4 in the UK Singles chart.





Azuchi, Shiga

The town is known for the ruins of Azuchi Castle. The castle was built by Oda Nobunaga in the 16th century. The castle was destroyed after Nobunaga's death by Akechi Mitsuhide in 1582; and only ruins remain. 

On March 21, 2010, Azuchi merged with the city of Ōmihachiman.



Ray Liotta

Raymond Allen Liotta (December 18, 1954 – May 26, 2022) was an American actor and movie producer. He was born and raised in Newark, New Jersey. He was adopted when he was six months old. His movie roles include: Ray Sinclair in "Something Wild", Shoeless Joe Jackson in "Field of Dreams", Henry Hill in "Goodfellas", Officer Pete Davis in "Unlawful Entry" and Detective Lieutenant Henry Oak in "Narc". He won an Emmy Award for his role in "ER". He is best known for playing villains and tough guys. He has also played sympathetic characters.

One of Liotta's earliest roles was as Joey Perrini on the soap opera "Another World". He appeared on the show from 1978 to 1981. In his first movie his character sexually assaulted Pia Zadora's character with a garden hose in the cult classic "The Lonely Lady". In 1987, he earned his first Golden Globe nomination for "Something Wild". In 1989, he costarred, along with Kevin Costner, in the fantasy/drama movie, "Field of Dreams". Liotta was Shoeless Joe Jackson, the ghost of the famed baseball player. In 1990, Liotta was real-life mobster Henry Hill in Martin Scorsese's movie "Goodfellas". In 1992, he costarred, along with Kurt Russell and Madeleine Stowe, in the thriller "Unlawful Entry" as a psychopathic cop. He also had a leading role in Sci-Fi/Action movie "No Escape". Liotta earned more praise for James Mangold's movie "Cop Land", starring alongside Sylvester Stallone, Robert De Niro and Harvey Keitel. In 1998, he received praise the crime movie "Phoenix".

In addition to his movie roles, Liotta was singer Frank Sinatra in the 1998 TV movie "The Rat Pack". He received a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for this role. He provided the voice of Tommy Vercetti for the 2002 video game "". He received an Independent Spirit Award nomination and a Phoenix Film Critics Society Awards nomination for Best Supporting Male for the movie "Narc". He then reunited with director James Mangold in 2003 alongside John Cusack and Alfred Molina in the dark horror-thriller "Identity". He also narrated "Inside the Mafia" for the National Geographic Channel in 2005. He appeared with John Travolta in the movie "Wild Hogs" and with Johnny Depp in the 2001 movie "Blow".

In 2011, he starred in The Son of No One, opposite Channing Tatum and Al Pacino. Liotta's recent movies include "Date Night" with Steve Carell, "Charlie St. Cloud" with Zac Efron, the independent drama "Snowmen", and "The River Sorrow", which stars Liotta as a detective alongside Christian Slater and Ving Rhames.

Liotta married actress Michelle Grace in February 1997. Their daughter, Karsen, was born in December 1998. The couple divorced in 2004. Liotta lived in Pacific Palisades, California.

Liotta died on May 26, 2022 while filming a movie in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic at the age of 67. The cause of death was heart failure and pulmonary edema.

Meiji Shrine

After the emperor's death in 1912, the Diet of Japan voted to commemorate his role in the Meiji Restoration.

Work began on the shrine in 1915. It was formally dedicated in 1920; and it was completed in 1921.

The grounds of the shrine were finished by 1926. Trees in the park were donated by people from all parts of Japan.

Until 1946, the Meiji Shrine was in the .


Margaret Sanger

Margaret Sanger (September 14, 1883 – September 6, 1966) was a famous birth control rights activist. She established the American Birth Control League in 1921. This eventually became what we now know as Planned Parenthood in 1946. She helped finance biologist Gregory Pincus's creation of the birth control pill. Mrs. Sanger has been credited as the first person to use the term “birth control”. Birth control is used to describe contraception, or ways of preventing unwanted pregnancy. She paved the way for contraception to become a widely accepted social practice at a time when spreading information about birth control was prohibited by law. 

She studied to become a nurse at Claverack College in the early 1900s. At this time a woman’s place was seen as in the home raising children. She defied this idea and chose to pursue one of the only career paths available to her. Her career in medicine exposed her to many women who went to desperate lengths to end their pregnancies. For many of these women, this was the cause of their deaths. Mrs. Sanger saw this misery and decided to dedicate her life to freeing women from what she viewed as a life of sexual enslavement. Her passion drew her to start the very first abortion clinic in the United States in 1916. This clinic was raided and closed by the police after a few weeks. Fortunately, the clinic had already served over 450 clients. Thanks to her activism, the Comstock laws were changed in 1936. These laws had previously made sharing information about many topics, including contraception, illegal. This change allowed for more freedom of information surrounding birth control. She also pushed the American Medical Association to legitimize birth control as a valid medical practice in 1937. She was known for using public protest and strong visuals to draw attention to her cause. In addition to demonstrations she relied heavily on her magazine, Woman Rebel, to spread the word about her fight. 

As a rebel, feminist, and socialist, she spent the vast majority of her professional life fighting for what she saw as a basic human right: family planning.

Leaves of Grass

Leaves of Grass is a collection of poetry by American writer Walt Whitman (18191892). The collection was first printed on July 4, 1855 in Brooklyn at a Fulton Street printing shop. About 800 copies were printed. The book was 95 pages long and had 12 poems. Whitman paid for this first printing. The book did not sell well.

Whitman added material to "Leaves of Grass" and revised the book many times during his life. The most famous poems in the book are "Song of Myself", "I Sing the Body Electric", "Out of the Cradle Endlessly Rocking", and "When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom'd". The collection praised the human body, the material world, nature, and the experience of the senses at a time when poetry focused on religious experience and the life of the spirit.




Calamus

"Calamus" is a group of poems in Walt Whitman's "Leaves of Grass". They are about gay love or, in Whitman-speak, "the manly love of comrades". The Calamus poems have their seeds in a group of poems called "Live Oak with Moss". Whitman wrote these poems before or in the spring of 1859. They were printed with other poems in the 1860 third edition of "Leaves of Grass" to form a group of 45 poems about gay love. The "Live Oak" poems seem to be about relations between the Whitman and a male lover. Whitman sees the love of comrades as the backbone of all nations, the root of religious sentiments, the source of personal anguish and joy, and the answer to the big questions of life. The Calamus ("Acorus calamus", or Sweet Flag) root is shaped like a phallus and has connections with a mythological story about gay lovers.


Mount Isa

Mount Isa is a city in the north west region of Queensland, Australia. In June 2006 there 18,857 people living in the city. and 31,000 in the region. Mount Isa began in the 1920s as a mining town. Mount Isa Mines (MIM) is one of the most productive mines in the world, producing lead, silver, copper, and zinc.

Khonsu

Khonsu is the god of the moon, moonlight, and time in Egyptian mythology. In the beginning of the gods, he gambled time with the sky goddess Nut. The goddess Nut won so many times that she could then add five days to the calendar. These days were called the "devil days". Khonsu's father is Amun, and his mother is Mut. 

Copycat (movie)

Copycat is a 1995 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Jon Amiel, produced by Arnon Milchan and Mark Tarlov and written by Ann Biderman and David Madsen.

It is set in San Francisco, California. It stars Sigourney Weaver as criminal psychologist Dr. Helen Hudson and Holly Hunter as police detective M.J. Monahan. Dermot Mulroney plays her work partner, detective Reuben Goetz. Harry Connick, Jr. plays Daryll Lee Cullum and William McNamara plays Peter Foley. Cullum is imprisoned early in the movie for murder and for attacking Hudson. As a result of the attack, she has agoraphobia and posttraumatic stress disorder. Foley is a serial killer who is committing murders in the ways that they were done by notorious serial killers.

The Piano

The Piano is an award-winning 1993 romantic drama movie which stars Holly Hunter and Harvey Keitel. This drama is about a mute pianist and her daughter in 19th century New Zealand. The score for the piano by Michael Nyman became a bestselling soundtrack album.

"The Piano" was a commercial and critical success, grossing more than $40 million, against its $7 million budget. At the 66th Academy Awards, "The Piano" won three awards: Best Actress for Hunter, Best Supporting Actress for Paquin, and Best Original Screenplay. Paquin, who at the time was 11 years old, is the second youngest Oscar winner ever. The film won the Palme d'Or and a Best Performance Prize for Holly Hunter at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.

The Firm (1993 movie)

The Firm is a 1993 American legal thriller movie. It stars Tom Cruise and Holly Hunter and was directed by Sydney Pollack. The thriller is based on a novel of the same name by author John Grisham.


Critical reaction to "The Firm" was mostly positive. The movie got a 76% rating at Rotten Tomatoes.

Hash table

A hash table is a type of tool for storing information. In computer science, these tools for keeping track of information, or data, are called data structures.
A hash table is a data structure that uses a hash function to keep track of where data is put. 
Each piece of information to be stored has a name, which is called a key. For example, a key might be a person's name. Each name is matched up to one piece of data called a value, like the person's telephone number. 

The data is kept in another data structure called an array, which is like many boxes, or buckets, in a column to hold data. Each box has a number starting from 0 and counting up. 

The idea behind a hash table is to figure out which box to put data by using only its name. This means, no matter how many boxes are filled up, you can always find information quickly if you have its name. The hash table uses a hash function to figure out which number to put data in from its name. The hash function reads a name and gives back a number. 

A good Hash Table will always find information at the same speed, no matter how much data is put in. A lot of Hash Tables also let the user put key/value pairs (a name and its data) in and take them out at the same speed.

Because of this, Hash Tables can often find information faster than other tools, such as search trees or other table lookup structure. As a result, they are used in many kinds of computer software. They are used most for associative arrays, databases, caches, and sets.

Andy Griffith

Andy Samuel Griffith (June 1, 1926  – July 3, 2012) was an American actor, comedian, television producer, singer and writer. He starred in the 1957 movie "A Face in the Crowd". He also starred in the 1958 movie "No Time for Sergeants". His television series are "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Matlock".

Griffith was born on June 1, 1926 in Mount Airy, North Carolina, the only child of Carl Lee Griffith and his wife, Geneva (née Nunn). He studied at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He was the father of two children. He was married three times.

Griffith once sued a man named William Fenrick after Fenrick legally changed his name to "Andy Griffith" because Fenrick ran for town sheriff. The use of his name angered Griffith, but soon afterwards the lawsuit was dropped. Fenrick lost the election.

In 1986, Griffith suffered from Guillain–Barré syndrome and could not walk for 7 months. Griffith received the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 9, 2005. Griffith died on July 3, 2012 of a heart attack in Manteo, North Carolina, aged 86.




Honeyeater

A honeyeater is one of a large family of small to medium-sized birds which feed on nectar. They are most common in Australia and New Guinea, but are also found in New Zealand, the Pacific islands as far east as Samoa and Tonga, and the islands to the north and west of New Guinea. Bali, on the other side of the Wallace Line, has a single species.

Honeyeaters and the Australian chats (Epthianura) make up the family Meliphagidae. In total there are 182 species in 42 genera. About half of them live in Australia, and many of the others are from New Guinea. Although honeyeaters look and behave much like other nectar-feeding birds around the world (such as the sunbirds and flowerpeckers), they are not related.

There is an important partnership between honeyeaters and Australian flowering plants. A great many Australian plants are fertilised by honeyeaters, particularly the Proteaceae, Myrtaceae, and Epacridaceae. It is known that the honeyeaters are important in New Zealand as well, and scientists believe they are just as important in other areas.

Unlike the hummingbirds of America, honeyeaters do not usually hover (beat their wings fast to stay in the same air space). However, smaller members of the family do hover hummingbird-style to collect nectar from time to time. Usually honeyeaters move quickly from perch to perch in the outer leaves, stretching up or sideways or hanging upside. Many honeyeaters have a highly developed brush-tipped tongue, covered with bristles which soak up liquids readily. The tongue is flicked rapidly and repeatedly into a flower, the upper mandible then squeezes liquid out when the bill is closed.

As well as nectar, all or nearly all honeyeaters take insects and other small creatures, usually by catching them in the air, sometimes by picking them off plants. A few of the larger species, such as the white-eared honeyeater, and the strong-billed honeyeater of Tasmania, search under bark for insects. Many species also eat fruit, and a small number eat large amounts of fruit, particularly in tropical rainforests and in semi-arid scrubland. The painted honeyeater is a mistletoe specialist. Most, however, live on a diet of nectar and insects. In general, the honeyeaters with long, fine bills eat more nectar, the shorter-billed species less so, but even specialised nectar eaters like the spinebills take extra insects to add protein to their diet when they are breeding.

The movements of honeyeaters are poorly understood. Many follow the flowering of favourite food plants. Arid zone species appear to travel further and less predictably than those of the more fertile areas. It seems probable that no single explanation will emerge: the general rule for honeyeater movements is that there is no general rule.



S.F.W.

S.F.W. is a 1994 American thriller film based on Andrew Wellman's novel. It stars Reese Witherspoon, Stephen Dorff and Amber Benson.

Damage (1992 movie)

Damage is a 1992 British-French erotic drama movie. It was directed by Louis Malle. It is based on the novel "Damage" by Josephine Hart. It stars Jeremy Irons and Juliette Binoche. "Damage" was originally rated NC-17, though it was edited to have an R rating. It is about a middle-aged, married politician who has an affair with his son's girlfriend.

Miranda Richardson was nominated for an Academy Award and won a BAFTA in the category of Best Supporting Actress.

Human microbiome

The human microbiome (or human microbiota) is the collection of microorganisms which live on us. They live on the skin, in the saliva and mouth, in the eyes, and in the gut and the rest of the gastrointestinal tract. They include bacteria, archaea, fungi and single-celled eukaryotes ('protozoa'). Everyone carries around far more of these microbes than the number of human cells in the body. The human body has about 100 trillion cells, and carries about ten times as many microorganisms "in the intestines alone".

The microbiome is "the ecological community of commensal, symbiotic, and pathogenic microorganisms that literally share our body space". The term was originally coined by Joshua Lederberg. He thought the microorganisms living in the human body in health and disease were important. Many scientific articles distinguish "microbiome" and "microbiota" to describe either the collective genomes of the microorganisms that live in an environmental niche or the microorganisms themselves, respectively. However, by the original definitions these terms are largely synonymous. 

Some of these organisms are useful for humans. However, most have no known effect. They are just symbionts: they live with us. Those which are expected to be present are members of the "normal flora". Under normal circumstances they do not cause disease, but may even help our health. Studies in 2009 asked whether our health is damaged if we reduce this biota. This is certainly the case with gut flora.
Although "flora" refers to plants rather than bacteria, the term 'gut flora' is widely used and familiar to biologists. 'Biota' refers to the total collection of organisms in an ecosystem. The term 'microbiota' is best for bacteria and other microorganisms, but no doubt 'flora' will often be used. 

The microbes being discussed are generally non-pathogenic (do not cause disease unless they grow abnormally); they exist in harmony and symbiotically with their hosts.

Researchers have learned that much of the population of microbes found in the human body are not bacteria but a very old class of single-celled organisms called archaea. They include methanogens which produce methane and may cause flatulence.


Salafi

Salafism is a Sunni Islamic movement originating in Arabia. A Salafist is a Muslim who thinks Islam should be practiced the way the first few generations of Muslims did. 
The term is also used to talk about certain teachings of Sunni Islam that are based on "conservative" ideals.

The origin of the movement is in the 19th century. Muhammad Abduh (18491905) was an Islamic scholar who thought that the values of Islam were compatible with a modern lifestyle. He is often called a Salafi. Another scholar, Ibn Taimiya (1263–1328) said that the teachings of Islam were not compatible with certain modern interpretations, such as Sufism. The ideology behind many of the wars in the northern part of Africa is Salafism.

"Salafi Jihadism" was used to describe those groups who began to use armed jihad during the mid-1990s.


Extinct (disambiguation)

Extinct may refer to:


Hard Boiled

Hard Boiled is a 1992 action crime thriller movie from Hong Kong. John Woo is the thriller's director. The movie stars Chow Yun-fat as Inspector "Tequila" Yuen, Tony Leung Chiu-Wai as Tony, an undercover cop, and Anthony Wong as Johnny Wong, a leader of criminal triads. "Hard Boiled" received mixed to positive reviews from the critics.

Woo liked Clint Eastwood's and Steve McQueen's characters from their films "Dirty Harry" and "Bullitt". He wanted to make his own Hong Kong-style "Dirty Harry" police detective film.

"Hard Boiled" took 123 days to shoot.
"Hard Boiled" was released on April 16, 1992 in Hong Kong. The film grossed HK$19,711,048, which was not as strong as Woo's previous action films "A Better Tomorrow" or "The Killer". At the 12th Hong Kong Film Awards, David Wu and John Woo won the award for "Best Film Editing". Tony Leung was nominated for "Best Supporting Male Actor", but lost the award to Liu Kai-Chi in "Cageman". The North American premiere of "Hard Boiled" was in September 1992 at the Toronto International Film Festival. At the premiere the audience response was very positive with people stomping their feet and yelling at the screen. This reception surprised producer Terence Chang who did not expect such a positive reaction. "Hard Boiled" received wide release in the United Kingdom on October 8, 1993.


2010–11 Bundesliga

The 2010–11 Bundesliga was the 48th season of the Fußball-Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on August 21, 2010 and ended on May 14, 2011. The defending champions were FC Bayern Munich. The Bundesliga also changed its logo this season.


Below are the teams in the 2010/11 season. Borussia Dortmund, Bayer Leverkusen, Bayern Munich, Hannover 96 and FSV Mainz 05 all did well in the league and were allowed to play in either the UEFA Champions League, or the UEFA Europa League.

Also, Borussia Mönchengladbach went to the relegation play-off, and Eintracht Frankfurt and FC St. Pauli were relegated. Schalke 04 were allowed to play in the UEFA Europa League play-off round. Schalke 04 made it all the way to the Quarter-Finals in the 2011-12 UEFA Europa League.

Borussia Mönchengladbach won the relegation play-off match against VfL Bochum and stayed in the Fußball-Bundesliga for the 2011/12 season.

"Source: bundesliga.de "







List of extinct volcanoes

List of extinct volcanoes includes volcanoes which scientists consider unlikely to erupt again. A volcano which has not erupted in the past 10,000 years is often listed as extinct.

The extinct volcano no longer has a lava supply. An extinct volcano is no longer near an active geologic hot spot, if it ever was.

Volcanologists sometimes can't tell whether a volcano is extinct or dormant. A caldera that has not produced an eruption in tens of thousands of years is likely to be considered inactive. Dormant volcanoes may still erupt, whereas extinct ones cannot.

There are many examples of extinct volcanoes. 


Hatchet

A Hatchet is a special axe that can be used with one hand. It can be used as a tool, for example to cut wood, or as a weapon. Hatchets have been in use since the Mesolithic. The use of hatchets is typical for the Neolithic.Hatchets are often carried by hikers because they can be used to chop woob or kindling for a fire. In shape a hatchet looks like a tohmahawk but they are often a bit smaller and have thicker blades. 

Outnumbered

Outnumbered is a British sitcom shown on BBC One. It began on 28 August 2007 and is partly improvised. It is about the Brockmans, a middle-class family of five who live in a house in suburban south London. Hugh Dennis plays the father, Pete, who is a history teacher. Claire Skinner plays the mother, Sue, who is a part-time personal assistant. Tyger Drew-Honey plays the elder son, Jake, whose main interest is teenage girls. Daniel Roche plays the younger son, Ben, who has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Ramona Marquez plays the daughter, Karen, who is intelligent and asks a lot of questions. The show was axed in 2015.

"Outnumbered" was nominated for the 2008 ""Broadcast" Award" for "Best Comedy Programme". It lost the award to "The Thick of It".

The show was given the "British Comedy Guide Editors' Award" in The Comedy.co.uk Awards 2007 and the "Best Returning British TV Sitcom" in The Comedy.co.uk Awards 2008, beating "Peep Show" by six votes.

In 2009, it won the Royal Television Society Award for "Scripted Comedy", and two Broadcasting Press Guild Awards in the same year: "Best Comedy/Entertainment" and the "Writer's Award". "Outnumbered" also won 3 awards at the 2009 British Comedy Awards: Best Sitcom, Best British Comedy and Best Female Newcomer for Ramona Marquez.

At the National Television Awards in 2011, Outnumbered was nominated for Best Comedy but lost out to "Benidorm". It was nominated again the following year and won.


Lindisfarne Gospels

The Lindisfarne Gospels is an Illuminated manuscript book of the gospels. It was made at a monastery off the coast of Northumberland at Lindisfarne, about 700 AD.

The manuscript is now on display in the British Library. It is one of the finest works in the style which is called insular art. This combines Mediterranean, Anglo-Saxon and Celtic elements. At this time, Britain and Ireland shared a style which was different from that of the rest of Europe.

The Lindisfarne Gospels are thought to be by Eadfrith, a monk who became Bishop of Lindisfarne in 698 and died in 721. The Gospels are richly illustrated, and were originally in a fine leather binding covered with jewels and metals. During the Viking raids on Lindisfarne, this cover was lost, and a replacement was made in 1852. The text is written in a hand known as 'insular script'.

In the 10th century an Old English translation of the Gospels was written word-for-word between the lines of the Latin text. It was done by Aldred, Provost of Chester-le-Street. This is the oldest translation of the Gospels into English that we have. The Gospels may have been taken from Durham Cathedral during the Dissolution of the Monasteries, ordered by Henry VIII. In the 18th century the book was given to the British Museum. From there it went to the British Library when this was split off from the British Museum.

List of World Heritage Sites in Iran

There are twenty-four World Heritage Sites in Iran as of 2019,


List of World Heritage Sites in the Arab States

This is a list of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Arab countries. Some of these countries are geographically in Asia and some in Africa.

The list below has an image of the site or part of the site; the name; the location; the nominating state party; the criteria met by the site, including if it is a cultural, natural or mixed; the area in hectares and acres; the year the site was added; and a description of the site. 

List of World Heritage Sites in China

The List of World Heritage Sites in China is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

China agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1985.

Following is a map of the World Heritage Sites in China.

Numbered sites around Beijing: 1. Great Wall; 2. Forbidden City; 3. Zhoukoudian; 4. Summer Palace; 5. Temple of Heaven; 6. Ming Dynasty Tombs; 7. Eastern Qing Tombs; 8. Western Qing Tombs

Legend: Cultural Heritage site; Natural Heritage site; Mixed site
The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are 43 WHS places in China.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed..



List of World Heritage Sites in South Korea

As of April 2012, ten sites have been added on the World Heritage List. Nine are cultural sites and one is a natural site. Fourteen more sites have been proposed for adding and are on the tentative list.


Lists of World Heritage Sites

A World Heritage Site is a place that is listed by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as of special cultural or physical significance.

For lists of World Heritage Sites, see:

Dormant volcano

Dormant volcanos are the volcanos that are quiet but might erupt again in the future. If a volcano that has been silent for years erupts again or shows activity, it is called a "dormant volcano". Vesuvius of Italy is a prime example. After many years of dormancy, it re-emerged in 1931. Then it is dormant again. For example, Krakatoa in Indonesia, Aconcagua in Argentina, and Mount Fuji in Japan are dormant volcanoes.

It is difficult to distinguish active and inactive volcanos.

For example, some scientists have described Mount Fuji as dormant or inactive. That volcano has been dormant since its last eruption in 1707, but is also classified as active. The Geological Survey of Japan lists Mount Fuji as among the active volcanoes on the island of Honshu.

Some volcanoes may remain dormant for a long time; and an eruption is a surprise.

Before 79 AD, Vesuvius was considered dormant.

Before 1991, the Pinatubo volcano in the Philippines was labelled as dormant.

Before 1995, the Soufriere Hills volcano on the island of Montserrat was dormant.

Before 1980, Mt. St. Helens in the United States was dormant.

There are many examples of volcanoes which are considered dormant.



Book of Kells

The Book of Kells (; ; Dublin, Trinity College Library, MS A. I. [58], sometimes known as the Book of Columba) is an illuminated manuscript and Celtic Gospel book in Latin, containing the four Gospels of the New Testament together with various prefatory texts and tables. It was created in a Columban monastery in either Ireland or Scotland, and may have had contributions from various Columban institutions from each of these areas. It is believed to have been created  800 AD. The text of the Gospels is largely drawn from the Vulgate, although it also includes several passages drawn from the earlier versions of the Bible known as the Vetus Latina. It is regarded as a masterwork of Western calligraphy and the pinnacle of Insular illumination. The manuscript takes its name from the Abbey of Kells, County Meath, which was its home for centuries.

The illustrations and ornamentation of the Book of Kells surpass those of other Insular Gospel books in extravagance and complexity. The decoration combines traditional Christian iconography with the ornate swirling motifs typical of Insular art. Figures of humans, animals and mythical beasts, together with Celtic knots and interlacing patterns in vibrant colours, enliven the manuscript's pages. Many of these minor decorative elements are imbued with Christian symbolism and so further emphasise the themes of the major illustrations.

The manuscript today comprises 340 leaves or folios; the recto and verso of each leaf total 680 pages. Since 1953, it has been bound in four volumes, 330 mm by 250 mm (13 inches by 9.8 inches). The leaves are high-quality calf vellum; the unprecedentedly elaborate ornamentation that covers them includes ten full-page illustrations and text pages that are vibrant with decorated initials and interlinear miniatures, marking the furthest extension of the anti-classical and energetic qualities of Insular art. The Insular majuscule script of the text appears to be the work of at least three different scribes. The lettering is in iron gall ink, and the colours used were derived from a wide range of substances, some of which were imported from distant lands.

Book of Kells was place in Kells, County Meath, The manuscript is on display to visitors in Trinity College Library, Dublin and shows two pages at any one time, rotated every 12 weeks. A digitised version of the entire manuscript may also be seen online.

In 1951, the Swiss publisher Urs Graf Verlag Bern produced the first facsimile of the Book of Kells. Most of the pages were reproduced in black-and-white photographs, and the edition also had 48 colour reproductions, including all of the full-page decorations.

Under licence from the Board of Trinity College Dublin, the art publishers Thames and Hudson produced a second facsimile edition in 1974. This edition had all the full-page illustrations in the manuscript and a section of text page ornamentation, with some enlarged details of the illustrations. The reproductions were all in full colour.

By 1986, Swiss publisher Faksimile-Verlag had a process that used gentle suction to straighten a page so that it could be photographed without touching it. They got permission to publish a new facsimile. After each page was photographed, a single-page facsimile was prepared so the colours could be carefully compared to the original and adjustments made where necessary. The completed work was published in 1990 in a two-volume set containing the full facsimile and scholarly commentary. One copy is held by the Anglican Church in Kells, on the site of the original monastery.

In 1994, Bernard Meehan, Keeper of Manuscripts at Trinity College Dublin, produced an introductory booklet on the Book of Kells, with 110 colour images of the manuscript.

A digital copy of the manuscript was produced by Trinity College in 2006. A rare copy of the Book of Kells can also be seen for free at The Little Museum of Dublin.

Cher Lloyd

Cher Lloyd (born 28 July 1993) is an English singer, songwriter and rapper. She has several hit songs, including "Want U Back". Lloyd became famous when she finished fourth in the seventh series of "The X Factor".

Lloyd's first single "Swagger Jagger" was released in June 2011. Even though the song received mixed reviews, the single entered at number one on the UK Singles Chart and number two on the Irish Singles Chart. Her second single "With Ur Love" was released on 31 October 2011. It features Mike Posner, and reached number four in the UK, and number five in Ireland. Her first album "Sticks and Stones" peaked at number four in the UK Albums Chart and at number seven on the Irish Albums Chart. "Sticks and Stones" was released on 4 November 2011, in Europe, and produced three singles, "Swagger Jagger", "With Ur Love" featuring Mike Posner, and "Want U Back" featuring Astro, respectively. A re-release for North America was released on 2 October 2013, producing three singles as well. The singles released were "Want U Back", "Oath" featuring Becky G, and "With Ur Love". Lloyd released her second album, "Sorry I'm Late" on 27 May 2014. "Sorry I'm Late" only produced two singles - "I Wish" featuring T.I. and "Sirens". Lloyd was signed to Universal Music Group in early 2015, and is currently working on her third studio album. She married Craig Monk at a private ceremony on 18 November 2014.

Guy Pearce

Guy Edward Pearce (born 5 October 1967) is an Australian actor and musician. He was born in Ely, Cambridgeshire to a New Zealander father and English mother. He moved to Geelong, Victoria, Australia, when he was three. His television roles include Mike Young in "Neighbours" from 1986-1989 and "Mildred Pierce", for which he won an Emmy Award. His movie roles include: Ed Exley in "L.A. Confidential" and Leonard Shelby in "Memento".

He has been married to Kate Mestitz, a psychologist, since March 1997. He is a long-standing supporter of the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League. Pearce does not believe in God but believes "we're all connected."

British Academy Film Awards

The British Academy Film Awards are an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is the British of the Oscars. As of 2008, it happens in the Royal Opera House, in London. Before, it was at the Odeon cinema in Leicester Square. The 65th British Academy Film Awards took place on 12 February 2012.

BAFTA was formed in 1947 as The British Film Academy, by David Lean, Alexander Korda, Carol Reed, Charles Laughton, Roger Manvell and others. In 1958, the academy merged with The Guild of Television Producers and Directors to form The Society of Film and Television. This became The British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 1976.

BAFTA is supported by a membership of around 6,000 people from the movie, television and video game industries.

The academy's awards are look like a theatrical mask. They were designed by American sculptor Mitzi Cunliffe in 1955.

The ceremony used to take place in April or May. Starting in 2002 it takes place in February in order to be before the Oscars. The awards are mostly open to all nationalities. There is an award for "Outstanding British Film" and "Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Producer or Director". The Short Film and Short Animation awards are also only for UK movies.

The Awards ceremony is broadcast on British television, usually the day after it has taken place. It is mostly broadcast on BBC One.




List of active volcanoes

Active volcanoes are volcanoes which are erupting, or have erupted in modern times. Many volcanoes have erupted dozens of times in the past few thousand years, but are not erupting at this moment. Some scientists consider a volcano "active" if it has erupted in the Holocene period (historic times).

Most volcanoes live many thousands of years and erupt many times. However, most do not erupt even once in a human lifespan. Signs of unrest such as unusual earthquake activity or significant new gas emissions indicate that a volcano is active. An example of an active volcano is Mount St. Helens in the United States (US).

There are more than 1,500 volcanoes that could be active today. An estimated 500 million people live near active volcanoes.

Planet Venus has more volcanoes than Earth. Some may be active.

There are active volcanoes in every part of the world. There are about 1,500 active volcanoes, many in the region of the Pacific Ocean.

The Pacific "Ring of Fire" is an arc around the Pacific Ocean where there are 400+ volcanoes.

Other regions of active volcanoes include the Mediterranean Sea, the Atlantic Ocean and other places.


Hollywood Boulevard

Hollywood Boulevard is a street in Hollywood, California. The street starts at Sunset Boulevard in the east and running northwest to Vermont Avenue. There it turns out and runs due west to Laurel Canyon Boulevard.

DeScribe

Shneur Hasofer () (born July 1, 1982) better known by his stage name DeScribe (Hasofer is Hebrew for "the scribe"), is a Hasidic Jewish musician. His music Mixing elements of dancehall, reggae, hip hop and R&B.

DeScribe was born in Sydney, Australia, to a Hasidic Jewish family. His mother, Devorah Hasofer, is a known singer/songwriter who has released four albums and mostly performs in the Hasidic communities in Australia and Israel. He is a drummer from the age of five and in his preteen years he participated in the recordings of his mother's albums and performed with her as a special guest. 

At the age of 14, Hasofer's parents sent him to Jerusalem to study in a yeshiva. He spent a year in the yeshiva. After that he stayed in Israel, "left the Jewish way of life and did a lot of stupid things." Many of the things he did were illegal. His family's move to Beitar Illit in 1998 did not help stop his wildness.

In 2000, at age 17, DeScribe joined the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) as a combat sharpshooter (a kind of semi professional sniper). He served for three years at the height of the Second Intifada. He saw intense action on almost a daily basis. After being discharged, he stayed in Israel. He organized a concert tour featuring affiliates of the Wu-Tang Clan Remedy and Killah Priest, gaining an inside view of the hip hop scene. 

Around 2004, he began to feel a strong desire to leave his bad lifestyle and return to a religious one. “I started to change the way I thought and behaved and in Judaism I found something that was real that brought happiness to a dark place in my life,” he has said. In 2006, he moved to Brooklyn to attend Tifferet Menachem. There he was given permission to set up a music studio inside the yeshiva.

In 2008, after an early music video was picked up by the Israeli media, he was invited to play the Highline Ballroom in New York with Perry Farrell. Shortly after that, he had met Rohan Marley (Bob Marley’s son) by chance on the streets of New York City. Marley later asked DeScribe to create the theme song for his company, Marley Coffee. Marley Coffee supports environmental and social justice causes in Jamaica and around the world. DeScribe came up with "Livin’ for the Grind," inspired by Bob Marley’s 1962 single "One Cup of Coffee."

DeScribe’s 2010 single “Harmony” was celebrated as a great message for unity and racial harmony by Brooklyn borough president Marty Markowitz, to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the Crown Heights riot.

In early 2011, DeScribe worked with Matisyahu on the dancehall track "Pure Soul". The proceeds from the song benefit The Friendship Circle, a nonprofit organization that helps children with disabilities.

"My music is about unity," DeScribe has said, "and we all have one God whether we are Jewish, Christian or Muslim. We are brothers and we share this world together."



University of Siena

The University of Siena (, UNISI) is in Siena, Italy. It was created in 1240. It is one of the oldest European universities and the 4th oldest in Italy. As of 2011, the university had about 17,290 students.


Haplodiploidy

Haplodiploidy is a sex determination system in which males develop from unfertilized eggs and are haploid, and females develop from fertilized eggs and are diploid.

Haplodiploidy determines the sex in "all" members of the insect order Hymenoptera (bees, ants, and wasps), and the Thysanoptera ('thrips'). The system also occurs sporadically in some spider mites, coleopterans (bark beetles) and rotifers.

In this system, sex is determined by the number of sets of chromosomes an individual receives. An offspring formed from the union of a sperm and an egg develops as a female, and an unfertilized egg develops as a male. This means that the males have half the number of chromosomes that a female has, and are haploid.

The haplodiploid sex-determination system has a number of peculiarities. Most importantly, the relatedness between the sisterhood of worker bees in a hive or nest is 0.75. This means the workers are significantly more closely related than siblings in other sex determination systems. It is this point which drives the kin selection theory of how eusociality evolved. Whether haplodiploidy did in fact pave the way for the evolution of eusociality is still a matter of debate.

The thing to remember is that in normal sexual reproduction, the father has two sets of chromosomes, and crossing over takes place between the chromatids of each pair during the meiosis which produces the sperm. Therefore, "the sperms are not identical", because in each chromosome of a pair there will be different alleles at many of the loci. But when the father is haploid "all the sperm will be identical" (except for a small number where gene mutations have taken place in the germline). So, "as long as all the female queen mates only with one male", all the female offspring will inherit the male's chromosome 100% intact. In fact in Hymenoptera, the males almost all produce enough sperm to last the female for a whole lifetime.

Another feature of the haplodiploidy system is that lethal and deleterious alleles will be removed from the population rapidly because they will automatically be expressed in the males.

Vladimir Zhirinovsky

Vladimir Volfovich Zhirinovsky (Russian: Влади́мир Во́льфович Жирино́вский) (born Vladimir Volfovich Eidelstein; 25 April 1946 – 6 April 2022) was a Russian politician, lawyer and a colonel in the Soviet Army and later the Russian Army.

He was the founder and Leader of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR). He was a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. He was partly of Jewish descent (his father was Jewish). He was the Liberal Democratic presidential candidate in 1991, 1996, 2000, 2008, 2012 and 2018.

Zhironovsky was extremely racist and sexist.
Zhirinovsky predicted in a speech on December 27 2021, the exact date when the Russian military invaded eastern Ukraine. He said "At 4 a.m. on February 22, you will feel [our new policy]. I would like 2022 to be a peaceful year. But I love the truth, for 70 years I have been telling the truth. It will not be peaceful. It will be a year when Russia becomes great again."

In February 2022, Zhirinovsky was hospitalized in Moscow with COVID-19. A month later, it was reported he was being treated for COVID-related problems such as sepsis and respiratory failure.

Zhirinovsky died from problems caused by the virus on 6 April 2022, aged 75.

Brown sugar

Brown sugar is a type of table sugar. It is made by mixing white sugar with molasses, a sugar byproduct. Brown sugar can either be light or dark depending on how much molasses is in it. Brown sugar can harden after a while out of the package.

Infotainment

Infotainment (information and entertainment) is a type of media and therefore a type of communication. This media is designed to inform the media's recipient with information but at the same time to entertain them. It is often used to novels to explain scientific things like the greenhouse effect easily and mixed with entertainment.

Incisivosaurus

Incisivosaurus ("incisor lizard") is a genus of small, probably herbivorous theropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of what is now the People's Republic of China. 

The first specimen is a skull that was collected from the lowermost levels (the fluvial Lujiatun beds) of the Yixian Formation. The beds were laid down 125 million years ago (mya) in the Sihetun area, near Beipiao City, in western Liaoning Province. 

The most significant, and highly unusual, characteristic of this dinosaur is its apparent adaptation to an herbivorous or omnivorous lifestyle. Its name refers to its rodent-like front teeth, which show wear patterns commonly found in plant-eating dinosaurs.

The initial description of "Incisivosaurus" showed that the skull, about 10 cm in length (4 inches), had the most complete dentition known for any oviraptorosaur. Their cladistic analysis indicated that "Incisivosaurus" lies at the base of the oviraptorosaurs, making it more basal than "Caudipteryx" and "Oviraptor". The distinguishing skeletal features of "Incisivosaurus", include a long snout that made up about half the total length of the skull, a slender lower jaw with a long fenestra (opening), and its distinctive, large, flattened front teeth. In addition to these unique features, "Incisivosaurus" shared many traits with more typical oviraptorosaurs, so it is classified in that group. 

Several features, including its numerous teeth (most advanced oviraptorids were toothless), show that it was a primitive member of the group. Several features of the skull are similar to the therizinosaurs, another theropod group that was probably herbivorous.

In 2009 the holotype skull was scanned and analyzed in three dimensions. The results indicated that "Incisivosaurus" had fewer bird-like air spaces in the skull bones than later oviraptorosaurs did. It also found that "Incisivosaurus" had reduced olfactory lobes and expanded optic lobes, like ornithomimids. These features of oviraptorosaurs were similar to those of birds. 

"Incisivosaurus" is assumed to have been feathered like most other maniraptoran theropods. Its total body length has been estimated at just under 1 meter (3 ft.). It is possible that "Incisivosaurus" is the same species as "Protarchaeopteryx", though more fossil specimens are needed before the two can be directly compared.

Edward Woodward

Edward Albert Arthur Woodward OBE (1 June 1930 – 16 November 2009) was a British actor. He was born in Croydon, London. His parents were working class. His television roles included the title characters in "Callan" (for which he won a BAFTA Award) and "The Equalizer" (for which he won a Golden Globe Award). His movie roles include Sergeant Howie in "The Wicker Man". He also acted on stage.

Woodward married actress Venetia Barrett in 1952. The couple had three children, all of whom are actors. Their sons are Tim Woodward (born 1953) and Peter Woodward (born 1956). Their daughter is Sarah Woodward (born 1963). Woodward left Barrett for actress Michele Dotrice (born 1948). The couple had a daughter, Emily Beth Woodward (born 1983). Woodward and Barrett divorced in 1986. He was married to Dotrice from 1987 until his death in Treliske, Truro, Cornwall. 

Edward Woodward died at the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro on 16 November 2009 at the age of 79. He lived in Hawker's Cove, Cornwall, near Padstow. He had various illnesses, including pneumonia.

He is survived by his wife, Michele Dotrice and their daughter, and the three children of his first marriage.

His ability as tenor let him record twelve albums of romantic songs, as well as three albums of poetry and fourteen books to tape. His vocal ability and acting skill let him make a number of appearances when time allowed on the BBC's Edwardian era music hall programme, "The Good Old Days".

In 1969 and 1970, he was Television Actor of the Year, and Best Actor at the Sun Awards in 1970, 1971 and 1972. Woodward won the 1970 BAFTA Award for Best Actor for his title role in "Callan". He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1978. At the 1987 Golden Globe Awards, he won Best Actor in a Dramatic TV Series for his role of Robert McCall in "The Equalizer". At the Emmy Award from 1986 to 1990, he was nominated each year for "The Equalizer".







The Wicker Man

A wicker man is a wicker effigy used in human sacrifice 

It may refer to:


The Wicker Man (2006 movie)

The Wicker Man is a 2006 American horror movie. It is a remake of 1973 British movie of the same name and is also based on Ritual. It is set on an island in Washington. It was written and directed by Neil LaBute. It was produced by Nicolas Cage and Avi Lerner. It stars Cage, Ellen Burstyn, Kate Beahan, Frances Conroy, Molly Parker, Leelee Sobieski and Diane Delano.

Jason Bateman

Jason Kent Bateman (born January 14, 1969) is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for his role on the television series "Arrested Development". His older sister is Justine of "Family Ties" fame. Jason recently received his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on July 26, 2017.


Andrew DeClercq

Andrew Donald DeClercq (born February 1, 1973) is a former American basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for ten seasons. He played for the Golden State Warriors, Boston Celtics, Cleveland Cavaliers and Orlando Magic. DeClercq played college basketball for the University of Florida.

While in the NBA he averaged 4.8 points and 4.2 rebounds per game.


Table of World Heritage Sites by country

The Table of World Heritage Sites is evolving as more sites are added to a growing list.

There are a total of 936 sites. These include properties in 153 states. 

As of March 2012, 189 states have ratified the World Heritage Convention.

The worldwide sites have been divided by the World Heritage Committee into five geographic zones: Africa, Arab States, Asia-Pacific, Europe & North America, and Latin America & the Caribbean.


Walter McCarty

Walter Lee McCarty (born February 1, 1974 in Evansville, Indiana) is an American former basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association. He played for the New York Knicks, Boston Celtics, Phoenix Suns, and the Los Angeles Clippers.

McCarty played college basketball at the University of Kentucky.

In June 2010, McCarty was named as an assistant coach for the Indiana Pacers. In 2011 McCarty was let go by the Pacers.

Brandon Bass

Brandon Bass (born April 30, 1985) is an American basketball player of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is with the Boston Celtics. He played for LSU in college. He is a 6'8", 250 lb power forward.

On July 26, 2007, Bass agreed to play for the Dallas Mavericks. He signed through the 2008-09 season with a $1.59 million contract.

On July 10, 2009, Bass signed a contract with the Orlando Magic. He was traded to the Boston Celtics in December 2011 for Glen Davis and Von Wafer. In July 2016, Brandon Bass agreed one-year deal with the Los Angeles Clippers.

In August 2017, signed a one-year, $2 million deal with the Liaoning Leopards. 

EA Sports NASCAR

The EA Sports NASCAR series were a series of video games published by EA Sports.

The Glass House (2012 TV series)

The Glass House is an American reality television series in which people who signed up get to tell the people what to do. Fourteen contestants will live in the house and compete for $250,000. The premiere was on June 18, 2012.

On May 4, 2012, broadcasting company CBS told ABC not to air "The Glass House". This was because CBS thought it was the same as their reality television series "Big Brother". Nineteen people who used to work on "Big Brother" are working on "The Glass House". On May 10, 2012, CBS started a lawsuit against ABC.

Warren Beatty

Henry Warren Beaty (born March 30, 1937) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director. He has been nominated for 15 Academy Awards. He won the Best Director Award. He has been nominated for 16 Golden Globe Awards and won six. Beatty was nominated for four Oscars for "Heaven Can Wait". He won an Oscar for "Reds".

Beatty was born in Richmond, Virginia. His mother was Canadian teacher Kathlyn Corinne and doctor Ira Owens. He was raised in Arlington, Virginia. His older sister is actress Shirley MacLaine. He studied at Northwestern University for a year from 1954 through 1955.

Beatty enlisted in the California Air National Guard on February 11, 1960 under his original name, Henry W. Beaty. On January 1, 1961, Beatty was discharged from the Air National Guard due to physical disability.

Beatty started his career making appearances on television shows such as "Studio One" (1957), "Kraft Television Theatre" (1957), and "Playhouse 90" (1959). He was a semi-regular on "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis" during its first season (1959–60). Beatty made his movie debut in Elia Kazan's "Splendor in the Grass" (1961), opposite Natalie Wood.

In 1967, when he was 28, he produced and acted alongside Faye Dunaway and Gene Hackman in "Bonnie and Clyde". It was a critical and commercial success, and was nominated for ten Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor, and seven Golden Globe Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor.

After "Bonnie and Clyde", Beatty acted with Elizabeth Taylor in "The Only Game in Town" (1970), directed by George Stevens; "McCabe & Mrs. Miller" (1971), directed by Robert Altman; "Dollars" (1971), directed by Richard Brooks; "The Parallax View" (1974), directed by Alan J. Pakula; and "The Fortune" (1975), directed by Mike Nichols.

Beatty starred in "Reds" (1981), an historical epic about American Communist journalist John Reed who observed the Russian October Revolution. Beatty won the Golden Globe Award for Best Director.

Following "Reds", Beatty did not appear in a movie for five years until 1987's "Ishtar", written and directed by Elaine May.

Beatty produced, directed and played the title role as comic strip based detective Dick Tracy in the 1990 movie of the same name. The movie received critical acclaim and was one of the highest-grossing movies of the year. It received seven Academy Award nominations, winning three for Best Art Direction, Best Makeup, and Best Original Song. It also received four Golden Globe Award nominations, including Best Motion Picture. In 1998, he wrote, produced, directed and starred in the political satire "Bulworth", which was critically acclaimed and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.

Following the very bad box office performance of "Town & Country" (2001), in which Beatty starred, he did not appear in or direct another movie for 15 years.

In 2016, Beatty returned to acting and directing in the movie "Rules Don't Apply", which was about a fake romance story about Howard Hughes.

Beatty has been married to actress Annette Bening since 1992. They have four children. His eldest son Stephen Ira came out as transgender in 2006.

Beatty is a longtime supporter of the Democratic Party. In 1972, Beatty was part of the "inner circle" of Senator George McGovern's presidential campaign.



Alexander III of Russia

Alexander Alexandrovich Romanov (Alexander III, 10 March 1845, Winter Palace, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire — 1 November 1894, Maley Palace, Livadia, Taurida Governorate, Russian Empire) was the Emperor of Russia from 13 March 1881 until his death on 1 November 1894. He reversed some of the liberal laws made by his father, Alexander II and promoted the Russian language. Unlike many Tsars, he kept Russia out of wars. Alexander III had six children. His son, Nicholas II of Russia became the next and last Tsar. 

Hole in one

A hole-in-one in golf is when a player hits the ball from the tee and into the hole in one shot. It is most possible on a par-3 hole. Some people have done it on shorter par-4 holes. Nearly all par 4 and par 5 holes are too long for golfers to reach in a single shot. Getting the ball in the hole in two shots is called an albatross.

Chatham, Virginia

Chatham is a town in the US state of Virginia. At the 2020 census, 1,232 people lived there. It is in the Danville, Virginia metropolitan statistical area.
Chatham has the oldest continually used building in Pittsylvania County. The building was an 18th-century tavern. It is now a house used by Chatham Hall faculty.

Chatham is the county seat for Pittsylvania County. It became the county seat in 1777. There is a large U.S. Department of Agriculture office to help farmers in the area. There is also a small office of the U.S. Forestry Service. The State of Virginia built a new prison where there used to be a work-release camp. This caused improvements in fire and water services to support the increased population.

There were no battles in Chatham during the American Civil War. On Confederate Memorial Day each year, the Daughters of the Confederacy puts flowers at the statue of a Confederate soldier. There is a walking tour of the downtown historic district. There are several bed and breakfast places on Main Street in historic Greek Revival homes.

Schools in Chatham include:

Hameau de la Reine (Versailles)

The Hameau de la Reine (, "The Queen's Hamlet") is a group of houses and farm structures in the park of the Palace of Versailles in France. The hamlet was designed in 1783 by Richard Mique and Hubert Robert as a play space for Queen Marie Antoinette. It was here that she played the simple country girl in a straw hat and plain dress with her friends. About twelve structures form the hamlet. Some were working farm structures and some were structures for the Queen's amusement and use such as the mill. The hamlet fell into neglect after the French Revolution. Restoration was undertaken in the 1990s, and the hamlet is now open to the public.

Picturesque hamlets such as Le Hameau de la Reine were not unknown in 18th century France. The Prince de Condé had one at Chantilly and there was a village at Méréveille. The creation of these villages was influenced by the natural philosophy extolled by Rousseau and the country life genre paintings of painters Greuze, Le Nain, and Chardin. Le Hameau was designed for Queen Marie Antoinette by her favorite architect Richard Mique and the painter Hubert Robert. The painters Tolède and Dardignac painted thousands of little cracks and false half-timbering in the structures to suggest picturesque humbleness, poverty, and age. All the structures in the hamlet were more or less modelled upon similar structures in Normandy and Flanders. Construction on the hamlet started in 1783 and was completed in four or five years.

The purpose of the hamlet was to give the Queen a place to play at the simple life, far from the busy French court. The hamlet is set among meadows at the edge of a lake created by waters channeled from Marly. The structures are divided into two groups. One group was used by the Queen for her pleasure and amusement. The other group was used for farm work. The farm produced milk and eggs for the Queen. Cheeses were made in the dairy. The Queen tasted this produce in a marble room. 

The structures are:

The Queen loved the simple life. It was a break from the stiffness of the court. She played at being a peasant girl in the hamlet. She wore plain muslin dresses and a straw hat. She ate the produce from the farm. Only her dearest friends were allowed into the hamlet. There was a ball room (a room for holding dances) and a billiards room. She wanted her children to experience real animals and kept two cows at the hamlet, Blondie and Brownie. Both were washed and brushed before a visit from the Queen. Ducks, geese, and sheep were kept at the hamlet as well as a billygoat from Switzerland.

The French people believed the Queen was selfishly amusing herself at a time when France was nearing a national crisis. After the French Revolution, the hamlet was deserted and fell into neglect. Restoration was conducted in the 1990s. The Queen's Hamlet is now open to the public.


Mount Unzen

Unzen has erupted many times. 




65th British Academy Film Awards

The 65th British Academy Film Awards, more commonly called the BAFTAs, were held on 12 February 2012 at the Royal Opera House in London. Stephen Fry, who hosted from 2001 to 2006, returned to host the awards ceremony. "The Artist" won seven awards, out of its twelve nominations, including Best Director and Best Film. "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" was named Best British Film. 

Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
Martin Scorsese

John Hurt

BAFTA Award for Best Film

This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Film, BAFTA Award for Best Film not in the English Language and Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media. Since 1948, selected movies have been awarded with the BAFTA award for Best Film at an annual ceremony.

BAFTA Award for Best Short Film

This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Short Film for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media. Since 1960, selected movies have been awarded with the BAFTA award for Best Short Film at an annual ceremony.

In the following lists, the titles and names in bold with a dark grey background are the winners. Those not in bold are the nominees. The years are when the movies were released, not the year of the ceremony.

The Nutcracker pas de deux

The Nutcracker pas de deux is a dance for the Sugar Plum Fairy and Prince Coqueluche in the ballet "The Nutcracker". The ballet was first presented on 18 December 1892 at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia. The music was written by Tchaikovsky and the dance was designed by Lev Ivanov. The Sugar Plum Fairy was first danced by Antonietta Dell'Era and the Prince by Pavel Gerdt. The "pas" is sometimes danced outside the ballet and is sometimes danced in ballet competitions.

The "pas de deux" is structured in four sections (or movements): first, an "Andante maestoso"; second, a Tarantella for the male dancer; third a dance for the ballerina called the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy"; and fourth and finally a quick, energetic movement for both dancers.

Marius Petipa, Ballet Master at the Mariinsky Theatre, wanted music "colossal in effect" for the opening "Andante maestoso" movement. The music is made up of descending (falling) scales for cellos. A second, contrasting section is written for oboe and bass clarinet. The music ends with a great climax for trombones. The musical theme of the "Andante maestoso" is similar to Tchaikovsky's death themes in the Fifth and Sixth symphonies.

The "Andante maestoso" movement used a device on the stage called a "reika". This was a small platform or wagon set in a track. It was operated under the stage. In "The Nutcracker", the Sugar Plum Fairy stepped upon a scarf that Prince Coqueluche had placed on the "reika". The Prince pulled the scarf and, as the "reika" was moved from one side of the stage to the other, it seemed that the Sugar Plum Fairy was lighter than air. 


BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film

This is a list of the winners and nominees of the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for film, television, children's film and television, and interactive media.

BAFTA Award for Best Documentary

This page lists the winners for the BAFTA Award for Best Documentary, formerly known as the Robert Flaherty Award, for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movie, television, children's movie and television, and interactive media. There was a documentary award between 1948 and 1990. In 2012, the Academy re-introduced this category.

† - means Academy Award winner

BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role

Best Actor in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a movie.

From 1952 to 1967, there were two Best Actor awards: one for a British actor and another for a foreign actor. In 1968, the two prizes of British and Foreign actor were combined to create a single Best Actor award. Its current title, for Best Actor in a Leading Role, has been used since 1995.






























































BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role

Best Actress in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognise an actress who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.

Between 1952 and 1967, two awards were given to the best British and best foreign actress each year. In 1968, the two prizes of British and foreign actress were combined to create a single Best Actress award. Its current title, for Best Actress in a Leading Role, has been used since 1995.






























































BAFTA Award for Best Direction

This is a list of the winners of the BAFTA Award for Best Direction. They are presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Italian-American director Martin Scorsese has had the most nominations, eight so far.













































Men Behind the Sun

Men Behind the Sun (, literally meaning "Black Sun: 731") is a 1988 war-based horror movie. When it was released, the movie was rated III under the Hong Kong rating system (similar to the United States MPAA rating NC-17). The movie is about Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare research and development unit which operated during the Second Sino-Japanese War (World War II) with graphic materials. It was banned in some countries.

In Australia, it was refused classification. It was later rerated R18 on appeal.

In the United States, the movie was released without a rating.

Timbers Army

Timbers Army is a group of hardcore supporters of the Portland Timbers, a Major League Soccer franchise in Portland, Oregon. 

Artists, writers, doctors, vintners, tattoo artists, soccer moms, and more all support the Portland Timbers on match days. Traveling support is significant and it is estimated that 1,500 members of the Timbers Army would make the trip north for the Timbers v. Sounders Cascadia Cup match in October 2012.

In addition to game-day operations, Timbers Army contributes significantly to charitable causes both in Portland and well as around the world. In 2011 alone, members of Timbers Army donated more than $40,000 to its charitable endeavors as well as spending countless hours volunteering with Friends of Trees, Habitat for Humanity and the Oregon Food Bank. Recently, the Timbers Army committed to raising another $40,000 to put toward the completion of Harper's Playground. 

The organizational arm of the Timbers Army, the 107 Independent Supporters Trust, has a paid membership of 2,300. However, as it has always been said: if you want to be Timbers Army, you already are. 

The main identifier of a member of the Timbers Army is the green and white bar scarf which says "Timbers Army" on one side and "No Pity" on the other. The most recent version of the scarf also includes a rose (in tribute to Portland's identity as the City of Roses) superimposed over crossed axes as well as the number 107, the section of Jeld-Wen Field where the Army began.


Serum

Serum may refer to:



Serum (blood)

Serum is a clear, yellowish coloured fluid which is part of the blood. It does not contain white or red blood cells or a clotting factor. It is the blood plasma without the fibrinogens. Serum includes all proteins not used in blood clotting (coagulation) and all the electrolytes, antibodies, antigens, hormones, and any extra substances (such as drugs and microorganisms).

The study of serum is serology. Serum is used in many medical diagnostic tests, as well as in blood typing.

Blood is centrifuged to remove cellular components. Anti-coagulated blood yields plasma containing fibrinogen and clotting factors. Coagulated blood (clotted blood) yields serum without fibrinogen, although some clotting factors remain.

Serum is an important part of the self-renewal of embryonic stem cells when combined with the cytokine leukemia inhibitory factor.




Max Ernst

Max Ernst (2 April 1891 – 1 April 1976) was a German painter and graphical artist. In 1919, he brought the art movement Dadaism to Germany, together with Johannes Theodor Baargeld. In 1922, he left Germany and moved to Paris, where he joined a group of Surrealists (a related art movement) led by André Breton. In 1951 he emigrated to the United States. He returned to France in 1953. With his paintings, collages, and sculptures, he created mysterious combinations using different ways of making images. Often he showed birds, and in landscapes that mimic a forest. He also wrote poems, and wrote about art. He was the first to use the techniques called Frottage and Grattage in art, which involve rubbing the canvas.


Liberal Democratic Party of Russia

The Liberal Democratic Party of Russia ( (ЛДПР), "Liberal'no-demokraticheskaya partiya Rossii" ("LDPR")) is a far-right populist political party in Russia. It was founded in 1992 and it succeeded the Liberal Democratic Party of the Soviet Union in Russia, and since it's establishment has been led by the controversial figure Vladimir Zhirinovsky. In the 2021 elections, the party received 7.55% of the vote, giving it 21 seats. 

Petit Théâtre de la Reine

The Petit Théâtre de la Reine () is a small theatre at Versailles near the Petit Trianon. It was designed and built in 1780 on the orders of Marie Antoinette. Her favorite architect Richard Mique did the work. The theatre seats only 100. It was intended for performances by the Queen and her family and friends. At the period, many aristocrats had such small theatres on their country estates to pass the time performing plays and operas. 

Mique's exterior is plain, simple, and even severe. The interior is rich with gold, blue, and white decoration. The interior is a wooden room painted to resemble marble. The stage machinery still exists. 

In 1780, the Queen and her friends played Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny's "Le Roi et le fermier" (The King and the Farmer, 1762) in the little theatre. The original forest set and rustic cottage set have survived. They were restored in the 19th century. They were in use in February 2012 for performances of "Le Roi" at the Versailles Opera.

Liu Huan

Liu Huan (，born August 26, 1963) is a Chinese singer. In 1990, Liu sang the official theme song "Asian Mighty Winds" () with Wei Wei at the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing. On 8 August 2008, Liu sang the official theme song "You and Me" with British singer Sarah Brightman at the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Beijing.

Ghazanchetsots Cathedral

Ghazanchetsots Cathedral (Cathedral of Christ the Holy Savior), also called the "Shushi Cathedral" is an Armenian church in Shusha, Nagorno-Karabakh.

Ghazanchetsots Cathedral was built between 1868 and 1887 and has a facade of white limestone. The architect, Simon Ter-Hakobyan, wanted the church to look like Echmiadzin Cathedral. At the west entrance is a freestanding three-story bell tower, built in 1858. It used to have large statues of angels blowing trumpets at each corner of the bell tower's second story. These were destroyed during the Nagorno-Karabakh War when Shusha was under Azerbaijani control.

The cathedral been used for many different things since it was built. After the Shushi Massacres of 1920 it was no longer used as a church. During the Soviet period it was used as to store grain, and then as a garage. During the Nagorno-Karabakh War, Azerbaijani forces used it to store weapons and ammunition. In May 1992 Shusha was invaded by Armenian forces. The church was repaired and renovated. New angel statues were made to replace the destroyed originals; an image of one is part of the coat of arms of Shusha. In 1998 it was re-consecrated as a church, and is now the main cathedral and headquarters of the Armenian Apostolic Church's Diocese of Artsakh.

The cathedral was badly damaged by bombing during the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war, and after Shusha was captured by Azerbaijani troops, it is now under Azerbaijani control and no longer functions as a church.

Faye Wong

Faye Wong, or Wang Fei (, born August 8, 1969) is a Chinese singer and actress. Faye Wang was born at Peking Union Medical College Hospital in Beijing. She moved to Hong Kong in 1987 and has had great success since the early 1990s.


Mount Kosciuszko

Mount Kosciuszko is the highest mountain in Australia. The mountain is above sea level. The mountain is in the south east corner of New South Wales, where it is part of the Great Dividing Range. The Indigenous Australians called the whole mountain Tar-gan-gil. The first European to visit the mountain was the Polish explorer, Count Paul Strzelecki in 1840. He named it Kosciuszko after the Polish patriot, Thaddeus Kosciuszko (1746 - 1817).

Mount Kosciuszko is now part of the large Kosciuszko National Park.


Greater Bangladesh

Greater Bangladesh, or Great Bengal, is a political idea in Bangladesh to unite the region of Bengal. This includes the areas of West Bengal, Tripura, Meghalaya and parts of Assam.

Takeshi Nakashima

Takeshi Nakashima (born January 15, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

19||2||3||0||4||0||26||2
19||2||3||0||4||0||26||2

Momodu Mutairu

Momodu Mutairu (born June 2, 1975) is a former Nigerian football player.

22||6||||||||||||
22||6||||||||||||

!Total||2||0

Teruki Tabata

Teruki Tabata (born April 16, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

2||0||||||||||||
2||0||||||||||||

Franck Goldnadel

Franck Goldnadel (born 14 August 1969) is a French aerospace engineer. From the 1st of March 2011 to February 2018, he is head of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.

He graduated from the French Civil Aviation University (Promotion 1990). He has worked for 15 years in air transport before being nominated head of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. Marc Houalla replaced him in February 2018.



Yohei Takayama

Yohei Takayama (born November 26, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

Taichi Hasegawa

Taichi Hasegawa (born February 26, 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

9||0||2||1||1||0||12||1
9||0||2||1||1||0||12||1


Yoshifumi Ono

Yoshifumi Ono (born May 22, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

83||4||||||||||||
83||4||||||||||||

Takayuki Mae

Takayuki Mae (born September 16, 1993) is a Japanese footballer.

1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0


Kazuya Murata

Kazuya Murata (born October 7, 1988) is a Japanese football player.

6||1||||||||||||
6||1||||||||||||


Tsukasa Shiotani

Shiotani was born in Komatsushima on December 5, 1988. After graduating from Kokushikan University, he joined J2 League club Mito HollyHock in 2011. He played many matches as center back from first season. In August 2012, he moved to J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima. From 2013, he played many matches as right back of three back defense with Kazuhiko Chiba and Hiroki Mizumoto. Hiroshima won the J1 League champions in 2012, 2013 and 2015. He was also selected Best Eleven in 2014, 2015 and 2016. In June 2017, he moved to UAE Pro League club Al-Ain.

On October 10, 2014, Shiotani debuted as center back for the Japan national team against Jamaica. In 2016, he was also selected the Japan U-23 national team as over aged player for 2016 Summer Olympics. He played all 3 matches as center back with Naomichi Ueda. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 5 matches as defensive midfielder and 1 goal, Japan won the 2nd place. He played 7 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2019.

200||22||17||2||11||0||18||2||246||26
63||9||15||1||colspan="2"|-||11||1||89||11
263||31||32||3||11||0||29||3||335||37

!Total||7||1

Masaki Watanabe

Masaki Watanabe (born December 2, 1986) is a Japanese football player.

70||5||4||1||74||6
70||5||4||1||74||6


The Black Balloon

The Black Balloon is a 2008 Australian drama movie about an unusual suburban family in Sydney in the early 1990s. It was directed by Elissa Down and written by Down and Jimmy Jack. It stars Rhys Wakefield as 15 year old Thomas Mollison, Luke Ford as his slightly older brother Charlie, Toni Collette as his pregnant mother Maggie and Erik Thomson as his father Simon, who is in the army. Charlie is mentally retarded, severely autistic, unable to speak, hyperactive, overemotional and has outbursts of inappropriate, sometimes destructive, behaviour. Gemma Ward plays Thomas' girlfriend Jackie Masters.

Colin Farrell

Colin James Farrell (born 31 May 1976) is an Irish actor. He has starred in many films, including: "Tigerland", "Minority Report", "Phone Booth", "The Recruit", "S.W.A.T.", "Alexander", "Miami Vice", "Widows", "Dumbo" and "In Bruges", for which he won a Golden Globe Award. He played The Penguin in the 2022 movie "The Batman".

For his role in the 2022 movie "The Banshees of Inisherin", Farrell won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.

Farrell lives in Los Angeles, California. He also has a home in Dublin, Ireland.


Labrinth

Timothy McKenzie (born 1 April 1989 in Hackney, London), better known by his stage name Labrinth is a British musician, composer and record producer. In 2012, he released his debut studio album "Electronic Earth", which charted in Australia, Ireland and Great Britain. He released 4 Singles, "Let the Sun Shine", "Earthquake", "Last Time" and "Express Yourself". He became famous with his single "Earthquake", which debuted at number 2 of the UK Top 40. "Express Yourself" and "Last Time" reached the Top 10, too. Labrinth is featured on Tinie Tempah's single Pass Out.

BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role

Best Actor in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a movie. Actors of all nationalities are able to receive the award.

1968 – Ian Holm – "The Bofors Gun" as Flynn
as Col.Douglas Mortimor 

1969 – Laurence Olivier – "Oh! What a Lovely War" as John French

1970 – Colin Welland – "Kes" as Mr Farthing

1971 – Edward Fox – "The Go-Between" as Hugh Trimingham

1972 – Ben Johnson – "The Last Picture Show" as Sam the Lion

1973 – Arthur Lowe – "O Lucky Man!" as Mr Duff/Charlie Johnson/Dr Munda

1974 – John Gielgud – "Murder on the Orient Express" as Mr Beddoes

1975 – Fred Astaire – "The Towering Inferno" as Harlee Claiborne

1976 – Brad Dourif – "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" as Billy Bibbit

1977 – Edward Fox – "A Bridge Too Far" as Brian Horrocks

1978 – John Hurt – "Midnight Express" as Max

1979 – Robert Duvall – "Apocalypse Now" as Bill Kilgore

1981 – Ian Holm – "Chariots of Fire" as Sam Mussabini

1982 – Jack Nicholson – "Reds" as Eugene O'Neill

1983 – Denholm Elliott – "Trading Places" as Coleman

1984 – Denholm Elliott – "A Private Function" as Charles Swaby

1985 – Denholm Elliott – "Defence of the Realm" as Vernon Bayliss

1986 – Ray McAnally – "The Mission" as Altamirano

1987 – Daniel Auteuil – "Jean de Florette" as Ugolin

1988 – Michael Palin – "A Fish Called Wanda" as Ken Pile

1989 – Ray McAnally – "My Left Foot – The Story of Christy Brown" as Mr Brown 

1990 – Salvatore Cascio – "Cinema Paradiso (Nuovo cinema Paradiso)" as Salvatore (young)

1991 – Alan Rickman – "" as Sheriff of Nottingham

1992 – Gene Hackman – "Unforgiven" as Little Bill Daggett

1993 – Ralph Fiennes – "Schindler's List" as Amon Göth

1994 – Samuel L. Jackson – "Pulp Fiction" as Jules Winnfield

1995 – Tim Roth – "Rob Roy" as Archibald Cunningham

1996 – Paul Scofield – "The Crucible" as Thomas Danforth

1997 – Tom Wilkinson – "The Full Monty" as Gerald

1998 – Geoffrey Rush – "Elizabeth" as Francis Walsingham

1999 – Jude Law – "The Talented Mr. Ripley" as Dickie Greenleaf

2000 – Benicio del Toro – "Traffic" as Javier Rodriguez

2001 – Jim Broadbent – "Moulin Rouge!" as Harold Zidler 

2002 – Christopher Walken – "Catch Me If You Can" as Frank Abagnale, Sr.

2003 – Bill Nighy – "Love Actually" as Billy Mack

2004 – Clive Owen – "Closer" as Larry 

2005 – Jake Gyllenhaal – "Brokeback Mountain" as Jack Twist

2006 – Alan Arkin – "Little Miss Sunshine" as Edwin Hoover

2007 – Javier Bardem – "No Country for Old Men" as Anton Chigurh

2008 – Heath Ledger – "The Dark Knight" as The Joker

2009 – Christoph Waltz – "Inglorious Basterds" as Col. Hans Landa

2010 – Geoffrey Rush – "The King's Speech" as Lionel Logue 

2011 – Christopher Plummer – "Beginners" as Hal


BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role

Best Actress in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a movie. Actors of all nationalities can receive the award.












































BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography

Best Cinematography is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).





















































BAFTA Award for Best Sound

The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Award for Best Sound has been presented to its winners since 1968. Sound designers of all nationalities can receive the award.












































BAFTA Award for Best Production Design

List of winners of the BAFTA Awards from 1964 to the present in the category "Best Production Design".

Best British Production Design - Black and White
1964: "" – Ken Adam

Best British Production Design - Colour
1964: "Becket" – John Bryan

1965: "Darling" – Ray Simm

1965: "The Ipcress File" – Ken Adam


1966: "The Blue Max" – Wilfred Shingleton

1967: no award given

1967: "A Man for All Seasons" – John Box
Best Production Design (and Art Direction)
1968: "" – Ernest Archer, Harry Lange and Anthony Masters


1970: "Waterloo" – Mario Garbuglia

1971: "Death in Venice (Morte a Venezia)" – Ferdinando Scarfiotti

1972: "Cabaret" – Rolf Zehetbauer

1973: "The Hireling" – Natasha Kroll

1974: "The Great Gatsby" – John Box

1975: "Rollerball" – John Box

1976: "Bugsy Malone" – Geoffrey Kirkland

1977: "Fellini's Casanova (Il casanova di Federico Fellini)" – Danilo Donati and Federico Fellini

1978: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" – Joe Alves

1979: "Alien" – Michael Seymour

1980: "The Elephant Man" – Stuart Craig

1981: "Raiders of the Lost Ark" – Norman Reynolds

1982: "Blade Runner" – Lawrence G. Paull

1983: "La Traviata" – Gianni Quaranta and Franco Zeffirelli


1985: "Brazil" – Norman Garwood

1986: "A Room with a View" – Brian Ackland-Snow and Gianni Quaranta

1987: "Radio Days" – Santo Loquasto

1988: "" – Dean Tavoularis

1989: "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" – Dante Ferretti

1990: "Dick Tracy" – Richard Sylbert

1991: "Edward Scissorhands" – Bo Welch

1992: "Strictly Ballroom" – Catherine Martin

1993: "The Piano" – Andrew McAlpine

1994: "" – Dante Ferretti

1995: "Apollo 13" – Michael Corenblith

1996: "Richard III" – Tony Burrough

1997: "Romeo + Juliet" – Catherine Martin

1998: "The Truman Show" – Dennis Gassner

1999: "Sleepy Hollow" – Rick Heinrichs

2000: "Gladiator" – Arthur Max

2001: "Amélie (Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain)" – Aline Bonetto

2002: "Road to Perdition" – Dennis Gassner

2003: "" – William Sandell

2004: "The Aviator" – Dante Ferretti

2005: "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" – Stuart Craig

2006: "Children of Men" – Jim Clay, Geoffrey Kirkland and Jennifer Williams

2007: "Atonement" – Sarah Greenwood and Katie Spencer

2008: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" – Donald Graham Burt and Victor J. Zolfo

2009: "Avatar" – Rick Carter, Robert Stromberg and Kim Sinclair

2010: Guy Hendrix Dyas, Larry Dias and Doug Mowat – "Inception" 

2011: "Dante Ferretti, Francesca Lo Schiavo" – "Hugo"

Mark Selby

Mark Anthony Selby (born 19 June 1983, Leicester, England) is an English professional snooker and pool player. Selby has won the World Championship, the Masters, the Welsh Open, and the Shanghai Masters.


World population

The world's population is the number of people on Earth. It is increasing all the time because more people are being born than are dying. The population of the world can be changed by other causes such as extinction level events, and natural and un-natural disasters (e.g., earthquakes, war). In November 2022, the United Nations said the Earth's population had reached 8 billion.




Larry Lamb

Lawrence Douglas Lamb (born 1 October 1947) is a British actor. He was born in Edmonton, London. His most notable television roles include Jonathan Fox in the ITV Police drama series "The Bill" (2004–2005), Mick Shipman in the BBC sitcom "Gavin & Stacey" (2007–2010, 2019), and Archie Mitchell in BBC soap opera "EastEnders" (2008–2010). His son, George Lamb (born 1979), is a television and radio presenter. 

Bench press

The bench press is a weight training exercise for the chest muscles and some helping muscles in the shoulders and arms. 

The most people who have bad form in this exercise will push with the feet to make their back bent and lifted up off the bench. This moves up the stomach area over the chest and helps the lower chest muscles move the weight. This may hurt the low part of the back.

Because the weight is directly above the body, a "spotter" or helper is used by many people in this exercise. The helper will stand behind the head of the person doing the exercise. If after doing some of the exercise the person doing the exercise cannot move the weight, the "spotter" will help the person move the weight back up to the starting position by taking hold of the bar and lifting together with the person.

Hylas

Hylas is a character in Greek mythology. He was the son of King Theiodamas of the Dryopians in Thessaly. When Heracles killed the King in battle, he took Hylas under his wing. The young man became Heracles' gay lover. About 300 BC, the poet Theocritus wrote that Heracles loved "the curly-haired Hylas, [and], like a father would with a well loved son, he taught the youth everything that had made him a powerful and famous man." 

The two joined the search for the Golden Fleece. Shortly after their ship left Greece, it put into an island. Hylas set off to look for fresh water. As he neared a spring, the nymphs living within it fell in love with him. They pulled him into the water. He was never seen again. When he did not come back to the ship, Heracles was overcome with grief. He searched the island a long time. The ship set sail without him. Some say Hylas drowned. Others say he fell in love with the nymphs and would not desert them.

Bicep curl

A number of similar exercises are called "bicep curls". These are designed to use the muscles on the top of the arm. 

Most of the time a person is seated or standing and a weight is held in the hand. The elbow is then bent to make the hand come to the shoulder. 

The different kinds of bicep curls mostly change the way the wrist is positioned.

Bicep curls can be done using a resistance band or a pair of dumbbells. Stand with your feet hip-width apart, hold the resistance band or dumbbells with your palms facing forward, and then curl your arms up towards your shoulders.

Pull up (exercise)

A pull-up is a kind of exercise that uses the weight of the body (body weight) to make a person stronger. To do this exercise one holds something that is high above the head with both hands so their body is hanging free under it. Bend your knees like your shins are parallel to the ground, it makes easier to do. Then one pulls oneself up and stops when the chin is above the hands. This mostly helps the back muscles but also uses the muscles on top of the arms (biceps) and stomach (abdominals). It is an exercise that does not need any special equipment except something high that a person can hold on to.

Many different ways to position the wrist and hands are used. Some say these are all different exercises, but they are all similar. Some kinds of pull-ups use weights on a belt to make the exercise harder.

Many who use bad form on this exercise will kick with their legs or jump and jerk with the legs to help the motion. Good form is holding the low parts of the body still and only using the arms to pull the body up.

Ancient Greek wrestling

Greek wrestling was a grappling combat sport practiced by the Ancient Greeks. A wrestler's aim was to throw his opponent to the ground from a standing position. A point (or fall) was scored when a wrestler's back or shoulders touched the ground. Three points were needed to win a match. Holds were restricted to the upper body. like modern wrestling. 

Each city had a place for wrestling, called a palaestra. Some large cities had several palaestrae. Wrestlers trained and competed in the nude. The sport was the first added to the Ancient Olympic Games (in 708 B.C) that was not a footrace. Two ancient Greek wrestlers that are remembered today are Leontiskos of Messene and Milo of Croton. Leontiskos is infamous for winning the Olympics after breaking his opponent's fingers, and Milo is famous for winning five Olympic championships. Wrestling was a popular subject for Greek sculpture, painting, and literature.

Greek wrestling was known to the ancients as "or the pale" ("upright (or erect) wrestling"). Legend says that Theseus of Athens invented wrestling. The wrestler's aim was to throw his opponent to the ground from a standing position. Holds were restricted to the upper body and pinning an opponent to the ground was unknown. Wrestling on the ground was permitted only in the sports known to the Greeks as "kato pale" ("ground wrestling") and "pankration". 

A point was scored for a fall. A fall occurred when a wrestler's back or shoulders touched the ground. Three points were required to win a match. Wrestling was less rough than the pankration and required less space. As a result, it was the most popular sport among Greek athletes. It was an event in the pentathlon (and could be the deciding event) but it was a separate event as well, with the same techniques. Wrestling was mentioned numerous times in Greek literature, especially poetry. 

The remains of a papyrus wrestling manual from the 2nd century AD reveal that the Greeks were familiar with headlocks, joint locks, shoulder holds, and other techniques used by modern wrestlers. Because there were no time limits to matches, some would end in draws. A wrestler could submit under a chokehold and "tap out". Wrestlers were sometimes killed in contest, but their opponents were never held responsible for homicide.

 

Wrestling was taught and practiced in a building called the "palaestra". There were many of these wrestling schools across Greece. The first palaestras were built about the 6th century BC. They were privately owned, but by the 5th century BC palaestras were being built at the public expense. Palaestras were built until the end of the Age of the Roman Empire. The ancient Greek scholar Plutarch writes that only wrestling and the pankration were taught and practiced in the palaestra. Boxing and other sports were taught and practiced in gymnasiums. 

The palaestra consisted of a square or rectangular yard open to the sky. This yard was used for training and practice. The yard was surrounded by colonnades. During rainy weather, wrestling and the pankration were practiced under the colonnades. Rooms adjoining the colonnades were used for lectures, bathing, dressing and undressing, game playing, socializing, and the storage of equipment and olive oil. Gay sex was rampant in the palaestra, despite official efforts to curb it. 

Greek athletes were one of the few athletes in the ancient world who practiced and competed naked. Homer's wrestlers in "Iliad" wore loincloths, but shortly after the Age of Homer, Greek athletes started to strip. It is not known why. Pausanias says athletes wanted to imitate Orsippos of Megara, a runner who won a footrace at Olympia in 720 BC after losing his loincloth. Dionysios of Halikarnassos and Thucydides credited a Spartan with the custom. 

Other legends say that a runner tripped on his loincloth and officials banned it as unsafe. Some say that athletes stripped to prove that they were males, or because they could run better in the nude. Other reasons have been given: athletes stripped for erotic reasons, or for cult reasons, or for good luck, or as a democratic equalizer. Some say they stripped because they were proud of their muscular bodies and their tans.

The Greeks called the penis a "dog". Athletes sometimes used a cord called a "dog leash" to tie off the foreskin of the penis. It is unknown if this custom had sexual or aesthetic meanings. It appears to have been a matter of personal preference. Tying the foreskin is sometimes a subject in vase painting.

The Greek wrestler carried three items to the palaestra: an oil flask, a scraper, and a sponge. The oil flask ("aryballos") was a ceramic container with a wide lip and narrow mouth that held a wrestler's daily allotment of olive oil. These containers took a variety of shapes. Some were fashioned to resemble birds, animals, or human body parts such as the head, foot, or penis. Most were simply globes without a resting base. 

The scraper ("strigil" or "stlengis") was a tool with a concave blade. It was made of bronze, silver, glass, or iron. It was used to scrape the accumulated olive oil and sweat ("gloios") from an athlete's body. The gloios was sold for its alleged medicinal value. It was used to treat inflammations of the joints, the vulva and anus, for genital warts and syphilitic lesions, muscle sprains, and pains. Once the sweat and oil was removed, the wrestler bathed using a sponge ("spongos").

Heavy athleteswrestlers, pankratiasts, and boxersshared the same buildings, practiced the same exercises, used the same equipment (punching bags), and followed the same high-protein diets of meat. Wrestlers at Olympia once were given light boxing practice as a preparation for competition. 

Wrestlers first rubbed their bodies with olive oil to keep sand out of their pores. The wrestler then dusted himself with a fine powder. He sometimes practiced with a partner to learn tactics, but, for the most part, wrestlers simply wrestled. Rhythm was important, so wrestlers practiced and competed to flute music. Unlike boxing and the pankration, wrestling practice was conducted at full bore. Wrestlers kept their hair cut short to avoid giving opponents something to grasp or wore a skullcap to keep their hair in place.

Wrestlers were paired by drawing lots ("kleroi"). These lots were about the size of a bean and marked with a letter. There were two lots for each letter. The lots were mixed in a pitcher. Each wrestler drew one lot and was paired with the wrestler who drew the same letter. If there was an odd number of wrestlers, the last letter would be marked on only one lot. The wrestler who drew it would not compete in the first round.

A match began in a position known as the "standing together" ("systasis"). The wrestlers would lean into each other until their foreheads touched. From this position, each would try to throw his opponent to the ground. A wrestler might lunge forward gripping his opponent's shoulders or wrapping his arms around his opponent's torso in a "bear hug". The two might avoid close contact during the initial struggle, with each fighting for a grip on his opponent's legs or arms. Eventually, one would find the grip he needed to throw his opponent. A wrestler might try to grip the hands, wrists, or arms of his opponent and throw him with a sudden twist ("akrocheirismos"), or come to close quarters and gain a hold on the body.

A match was divided into sections marked by "falls". The wrestlers re-engaged without an interval (break) after a fall. Sports scholars and historians are uncertain about what exactly constituted a fall. They agree however that it involved touching at least the shoulders or the back to the earth. Three falls were a victory and the match was ended.

In "Combat Sports in the Ancient World", Michael Poliakoff points out that Greek wrestling was a brutal sport and tolerated some rough tactics. It was less brutal than the other two combat sportsthe pankration and boxingbut, while striking was forbidden and finger-breaking was eventually made illegal, some limb-threatening moves, neckholds, and strangleholds were permitted. Wrestling was considered a sport of craft because of its large number of leverages and holds. It was a sport that tested the "martial virtues: cunning, boldness, courage, self-reliance, and perseverance" Poliakoff writes, and the Greeks "expected that an accomplished and educated man would practice and enjoy wrestling as an adult." 

The wrestler's aim was to score a fall on his opponent. Touching the back or shoulders to the ground was a fall. There was no defined wrestling space such as a ring or circle and there was no time limit. Holds were limited to the upper body and foot tripping was permitted. 

There were no weight divisions in Greek wrestling. The sport was dominated by the large and strong. These men and boys could defeat a smaller but more skilled opponent simply by their size. Three falls were required for a win in formal competition. Five bouts were possible in a match. The ancients never awarded points for successful tactics, as in modern wrestling, and "pinning" or holding an opponent to the earth was unknown. Strangling or choking an opponent in order to force him to admit defeat was permitted. 

Keeping an opponent in a hold from which he could not escape was also a fall, as was stretching a man full length on the ground. A wrestler could drop to one knee, but this was risky. Once two wrestlers fell to the earth together, it was sometimes difficult to determine exactly what was happening, and disputes arose. Throwing an opponent out of the "skamma" (wrestling pit) was not a fall, but counted as a victory nonetheless.

Three classic moves in Greek wrestling were the "flying mare", the "body hold", and fancy foot trips. In the flying mare, the wrestler would grip his opponent's arm, throw him over his shoulder, and send him to the ground flat on his back. In the body hold, a wrestler would grip his opponent about the waist, lift him in the air, flip him, and drop him head first to the ground. Elaborate foot trips would send a wrestler crashing to the ground, but old school wrestlers who relied on sheer strength scorned fancy foot trips. Punching, kicking, and gouging soft body areas were not allowed. A point was scored if a wrestler tapped out because of a submission hold. It was possible for a match to last for five rounds.
Wrestling was an event in the ancient Olympic Games. It was added to the Olympic program in 708 BC. It was the first competition added to the Olympics that was not a footrace. Boys' wrestling was added to the Olympic program in 632 BC. Wrestlers prayed to Herakles for strength and Hermes for speed. The wrestling competition was held in the stadium, not the Palaestra at Olympia.

Wrestling, boxing, and the "pankration" (the contact sports), were held on the fourth day of the Olympic festival. There were no weight divisions in Greek wrestling. The sixteen Olympic wrestlers were heavyweights with muscles "the size of boulders" according to one witness. Fans gave wrestlers nicknames that fit their physiques such as "the bear" or "the lion". 

The ancient coach Philostratus thought an even temperament and fine physique were important for a wrestler. He liked a wrestler with a straight back, a solid thigh turned outwards, and wrote that "narrow buttocks are weak, fat ones slow, but well-formed buttocks are an asset for everything."

Leontiskos was an Olympic wrestling champion in 456 and 452 BC. Although rules against breaking an opponent's fingers were made in the 6th century BC, Leontiskos won by using just this very tactic. Milo of Croton was another Olympic herothe only wrestler to win five Olympic championships. He was defeated in his sixth attempt when he was forty. The Olympic wrestler Polydamas was killed when he tried to hold up the roof of a cave during an earthquake.

Wrestlers were praised for their physical beauty. The inscription on the monument to Theognetos of Aegina reads:
<poem>
</poem>



BAFTA Award for Best Costume Design

This is a list of the British Academy Film Award for Best Costume Design. It is one movie awards given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts each year.




















































BAFTA Award for Best Editing

The BAFTA Award for Best Editing is one of several awards of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). These awards have been given each year since 1968.












(There were six films nominated for this award in 2008, instead of the usual five, because of a tie in the voting.)






BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer

The BAFTA Award for Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Director or Producer is presented each year at the British Academy Film Awards in London. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts the awards shows for movie, television, children's movie and television, and interactive media. The Outstanding Debut award recognises the work of writers, directors and producers. It is presented in honour of screenwriter and producer Carl Foreman. 














































BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects

This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media.






























BAFTA Award for Best Makeup and Hair

This is a list of BAFTA Award winners for Best Makeup and Hair. The BAFTA Award for Best Makeup and Hair is one of several awards of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). 

2011: "The Iron Lady" - Marese Langan

2010: "Alice in Wonderland" - Valli O'Reilly & Paul Gooch

2009: "The Young Victoria" - Jenny Shircore

2008: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" – Jean Black and Colleen Callaghan

2007: "The Passionate Life of Edith Piaf (La môme)" – Jan Archibald and Didier Lavergne

2006: "Pan's Labyrinth (El laberinto del fauno)" – José Quetglás and Blanca Sánchez

2005: "" – Howard Berger, Nikki Gooley and Gregory Nicotero

2004: "The Aviator" – Kathryn Blondell, Sian Grigg, and Morag Ross

2003: "" – Ve Neill and Martin Samuel

2002: "Frida" – Judy Chin, Beatrice De Alba, John E. Jackson, and Regina Reyes

2001: "" – Peter King, Peter Owen and Richard Taylor

2000: "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" – Rick Baker, Toni G, Sylvia Nava, Gail Rowell-Ryan and Kazuhiro Tsuji

1999: "Topsy-Turvy" - Christine Blundell


1997 - "The Wings of the Dove" - Sallie Jaye, Jan Archibald

1996 - "The Nutty Professor" - Rick Baker, David LeRoy Anderson


1994 - "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" - Cassie Hanlon, Angela Conte, Strykermeyer

1993 - "Orlando" - Morag Ross

1992 - "The Last of the Mohicans" - Peter Robb-King

1991 - "Cyrano de Bergerac" Jean-Pierre Eychenne, Michèle Burke





1986 - "Ran" - Shohichiro Meda, Tameyuki Aimi, Chihako Naito, Noriko Takemizawa



1983 - "Tootsie" - Dorothy J. Pearl, George Masters, C. Romania Ford, Allen Allen

1982 - "Quest for Fire" - Sarah Monzani Christopher Tucker, Michèle Burke

BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay

The BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay is the British Academy Film Award for the best script not based upon previously published material. It has been awarded since 1984. In 1984 the category BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay was split into two awards, this one and the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

1983: "The King of Comedy" – Paul D. Zimmerman

1984: "Broadway Danny Rose" – Woody Allen
1985: "The Purple Rose of Cairo" – Woody Allen

1986: "Hannah and Her Sisters" – Woody Allen

1987: "Wish You Were Here" – David Leland

1988: "A World Apart" – Shawn Slovo

1989: "When Harry Met Sally..." – Nora Ephron

1990: "Cinema Paradiso (Nuovo cinema Paradiso)" – Giuseppe Tornatore

1991: "Truly, Madly, Deeply" – Anthony Minghella

1992: "Husbands and Wives" – Woody Allen

1993: "Groundhog Day" – Harold Ramis and Danny Rubin 

1994: "Pulp Fiction" – Roger Avary and Quentin Tarantino

1995: "The Usual Suspects" – Christopher McQuarrie 

1996: "Secrets & Lies" – Mike Leigh

1997: "Nil by Mouth" – Gary Oldman

1998: "The Truman Show" – Andrew Niccol

1999: "Being John Malkovich" – Charlie Kaufman

2000: "Almost Famous" – Cameron Crowe

2001: "Amélie (Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain)" – Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Guillaume Laurant 

2002: "Talk to Her (Hable con ella)" – Pedro Almodóvar

2003: "The Station Agent" – Thomas McCarthy

2004: "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" – Charlie Kaufman

2005: "Crash" – Paul Haggis and Robert Moresco

2006: "Little Miss Sunshine" – Michael Arndt

2007: "Juno" – Diablo Cody

2008: "In Bruges" – Martin McDonagh

2009: "The Hurt Locker" – Mark Boal

2010: "The King's Speech" – David Seidler

2011: "The Artist" – Michel Hazanavicius

2012: "Django Unchained" – Quentin Tarantino

2013: "American Hustle" – Eric Warren Singer and David O. Russell

2014: "The Grand Budapest Hotel" – Wes Anderson and Hugo Guinness

2015: "Spotlight" – Tom McCarthy and Josh Singer

2016: "Manchester by the Sea" – Kenneth Lonergan

2017: "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" – Martin McDonagh

2018: "The Favourite" – Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara

2019: "Parasite" – Han Jin Won and Bong Joon-ho

2020: "Promising Young Woman" – Emerald Fennell

2021: "Licorice Pizza" – Paul Thomas Anderson

BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay

The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Award for Best Adapted Screenplay has been presented to its winners since 1983. Before it was called the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

1983: "Heat and Dust" – Ruth Prawer Jhabvala

1984: "The Killing Fields" – Bruce Robinson

1985: "Prizzi's Honor" – Richard Condon and Janet Roach

1986: "Out of Africa" – Kurt Luedtke

1987: "Jean de Florette" – Claude Berri and Gérard Brach

1988: "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" – Jean-Claude Carrière and Philip Kaufman

1989: "Dangerous Liaisons" – Christopher Hampton 

1990: "Goodfellas" – Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese

1991: "The Commitments" – Dick Clement, Roddy Doyle and Ian La Frenais

1992: "The Player" – Michael Tolkin

1993: "Schindler's List" - Steven Zaillian

1994: "Quiz Show" – Paul Attanasio

1995: "Trainspotting" – John Hodge

1996: "The English Patient" – Anthony Minghella

1997: "Romeo + Juliet" – Baz Luhrmann and Craig Pearce

1998: "Primary Colors" – Elaine May

1999: "The End of the Affair" – Neil Jordan

2000: "Traffic" – Stephen Gaghan

2001: "Shrek" – Ted Elliott, Terry Rossio, Roger S.H. Schulman and Joe Stillman

2002: "Adaptation." – Charlie and Donald Kaufman

2003: "" – Philippa Boyens, Peter Jackson and Fran Walsh

2004: "Sideways" – Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor

2005: "Brokeback Mountain" – Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana

2006: "The Last King of Scotland" – Jeremy Brock and Peter Morgan


2007: "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" – Ronald Harwood

2008: "Slumdog Millionaire" – Simon Beaufoy

2009: "Up in the Air" – Jason Reitman and Sheldon Turner

2010 "The Social Network" – Aaron Sorkin


BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay

The BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay is a British Academy Film Award for the best script. It was awarded from 1968 to 1982. In 1983 it was split into BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay and BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
















BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay

The BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay was a British Academy Film Award from 1954 to 1967. 

A Man for All Seasons - Robert Bolt

Morgan: A Suitable Case for Treatment - David Mercer

Darling - Frederic Raphael

The Pumpkin Eater - Harold Pinter

Tom Jones - John Osborne

Lawrence of Arabia - Robert Bolt

The Day the Earth Caught Fire - Wolf Mankowitz, Val Guest, and
A Taste of Honey - Shelagh Delaney, Tony Richardson

The Angry Silence - Bryan Forbes

I'm All Right Jack - Frank Harvey, John Boulting, Alan Hackney

Orders to Kill - Paul Dehn

The Bridge on the River Kwai - Pierre Boulle

The Man Who Never Was - Nigel Balchin

The Ladykillers - William Rose

The Young Lovers - George Tabori, Robin Estridge

BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award

The BAFTA Fellowship is a lifetime achievement award presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It has been given since 1971 "in recognition of outstanding achievement in the art forms of the moving image", and is the highest honour the Academy can give. Fellowship recipients have been mostly film directors, but some have also been awarded to actors, movie and television producers, cinematographers, film editors, and screenwriters.


BAFTA Rising Star Award

The EE Rising Star Award, formerly known as the Orange Rising Star Award, is one of the award categories for the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is for new talents in the acting industry. The award was made after Mary Selway's death in 2004. She helped many new actors and actresses to fame. The five nominees can be any nationality and either gender. Their breakthrough can be in television, film or both. The nominees are chosen by the BAFTA juries. The winner is chosen entirely by the public votes by text, internet or phone. This award was sponsored by Orange UK until 2012. From 2013, it was sponsored by EE.


Palaestra at Olympia

The palaestra at Olympia, Greece is an ancient structure, now in ruins. There were many palaestra throughout Greece. A palaestra was the place where Greek athletes trained for and practiced wrestling, the pankration, and sometimes boxing. The palaestra at Olympia was built sometime in the third century BC.

It is north of the gymnasion. It is square. Its sides are each about 66 meters long. Its door is in the northwest corner. The lower part of the outer walls were made of stone and the upper part of brick. Inside was a sand-covered yard open to the sky. This yard was surrounded on all four sides with colonnades of Doric columns. In bad weather, the athletes practiced under these colonnades.

Off these colonnades were rooms where the athletes dressed and undressed, rubbed themselves with olive oil, dusted themselves with powder or sand, and met friends. There was a tub (1.5 meters deep) in the corner of the yard that was used for cold baths. There were rooms for the storage of oil and equipment.

In 195556, the German Archaeological Institute partly restored the palaestra. Complete restoration is not possible because many of the columns have been completely destroyed.

Vanessa Proux

Vanessa Proux (31 May 1974) is a French biologist and the current head of Sup'Biotech.

Holder of a Master's degree in biochemistry (1997) and one more in microbiology, Vanessa Proux graduates from University of Technology of Compiègne in October 2001 (Doctorate in microbiology). During 4 years, she is teacher and researcher.

Since February 2004, she is head of the Sup'Biotech.


2011–12 Bundesliga

The 2011–12 Bundesliga was the 49th season of the Fußball-Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on August 5, 2011 and ended on May 5, 2012. The defending champions were Borussia Dortmund.


Below are the top 5, and the lowest 5 teams in the 2011/12 season. As you can see, Borussia Dortmund, Bayern Munich, Schalke 04, Borussia Mönchengladbach and Bayer Leverkusen all did well in the league and were allowed to play in either the UEFA Champions League, or the UEFA Europa League.

Also, Hertha BSC went to the relegation play-off, and FC Köln and 1. FC Kaiserslautern were relegated.

Fortuna Düsseldorf won the relegation play-off match against Hertha BSC and moved to the Fußball-Bundesliga for the 2012/13 season. Hertha BSC was sent to the 2. Bundesliga.

"Source: bundesliga.de "







Änis Ben-Hatira

Änis Ben-Hatira (born 18 July 1988) is a German football player. He plays for Hertha BSC and the Tunisia national football team.

Born in Berlin, Ben-Hatira started playing for Berlin Reinickendorf, before going to Tennis Borussia Berlin. Soon, he was signed by Hamburger SV in 2006. He played a little for West Ham United, but he stayed with Hamburger SV, He went on a loan in 2009 to MSV Duisburg and stayed for the season. In 2011, he moved to Hertha BSC.

After playing for the Germany national youth football team, he was called up by the Tunisia national football team. He made his debut against Peru in a friendly match.

Hertha BSC

Germany U21

2012–13 Bundesliga

The 2012–13 Bundesliga is the 50th season of the Fußball-Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on August 24, 2012 and ended on May 18, 2012. The defending champions were Borussia Dortmund. The champion was decided before the tournament ended. FC Bayern Munich won the tournament, with 91 points (a 25-point lead).

Below is the table for the 2012–13 Fußball-Bundesliga season. Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and Bayer 04 Leverkusen directly qualified for the UEFA Champions League, while Fortuna Düsseldorf and SpVgg Greuther Fürth were relegated to the 2. Bundesliga.


Cyclone Jal

Cyclone Jal was a severe cyclonic storm that formed in the South China Sea on October 31, 2010. It then hit Thailand and Malaysia. It then went on to hit India. The storm hit the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and parts of Kerala. Some of its moisture traveled to the states Rajasthan and Gujarat.

There were 118 deaths caused by the cyclone. Thousands were displaced.

Hurricane Bud (2012)

Hurricane Bud was the first hurricane of the 2012 Pacific hurricane season. It was formed on May 21, 2012, and died on May 26, 2012. It started near Western Mexico. It made landfall there, where it uprooted trees and washed away roads. It approached Baja California but did not damage it. It is unknown how many deaths it caused.

Hurricane Bud

Hurricane Bud might refer to:


Great Train Robbery (1963)

The Great Train Robbery was a £2.6 million train robbery that took place on 8 August 1963 at Bridego Railway Bridge, Ledburn, Buckinghamshire. The gang was led by Bruce Reynolds (1931–2013). Other members of the gang included Buster Edwards (1931–1994), Brian Field (1934–1979), Charlie Wilson (1932–1990), Ronnie Biggs (1929–2013), and Gordon Goody (1930–2016).

Securitas depot robbery

The Securitas depot robbery was the largest cash robbery in British history. It took place on 21-22 February 2006. Several men kidnapped and threatened the family of the manager, tied up 14 staff members and stole over £53 million in banknotes from a Securitas depot in Tonbridge, Kent, England.

Syndrome

In psychology and medicine, a syndrome is when there are multiple symptoms. These symptoms may be related. In some cases the way in which they are related is known, in other cases it is not. When both the relationship of symptoms and their causes are known, people generally talk about a disease. 

Symptoms that occur together in similar contexts are often related, or have a common cause. Some syndromes, such as Down syndrome have only one cause. In the case of Down syndrome, the cause is known. Other syndromes, such as Pakinsonian syndrome may have many causes, and finding the exact cause may be difficult.

Union of South Africa

The Union of South Africa is the country that came before the current Republic of South Africa. It was formed on May 31st, 1910 when the British Cape Colony and the Natal Colony unified with the defeated Boer republics of the South African Republic and the Orange Free State. The provinces of the union were called, respectively, as the Cape Province, the Natal Province, the Transvaal Province, and the Orange Free State Province. After World War I, the former German colony of German South West Africa was put under administration of the Union of South Africa as a League of Nations mandate and was treated like another province. It was a Commonwealth realm, which means that it was a constitutional monarchy with the British monarch (king or queen) as the head of state.

The Union of South Africa ended on 31 May 1961, when a new constitution came into effect, transforming the Union of South Africa into a republic, under the name "Republic of South Africa". The South Africa's membership of the Commonwealth of Nations also ended, when it became a republic.

Larry Clark

Lawrence "Larry" Clark (born January 19, 1943) is an American movie director and producer. He has directed several controversial movies. These include "Kids", "Ken Park" and "Bully" (2001). The first was marked under an NC-17 rating. This caused Miramax (owned by Disney at the time) to sell it to someone else for its distribution. In addition, "Ken Park" was more explicit and violent: Australia would not allow this movie to be shown publicly, distributed or sold due to its explicit content.

Clark was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He often does his works based on the life of teenagers and young adults who involve themselves with illegal drugs and certain types of crime.

Carl Eugene Watts

Carl Eugene Watts (November 7, 1953 - September 21, 2007) was an American criminal. He was a thief, burglar, stalker, kidnapper, torturer and serial killer. 

Watts was born in Killeen, Texas. During his childhood his parents separated and divorced; he moved with his mother to Inkster, Michigan, she married another man. Watts was the eldest of ten children. Both Watts' marriages ended in divorce. He had one child.

Watts was an African-American; the large majority of his victims were white. He was diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder and depression. He was of well below-average intelligence and was a disorganized thrill killer. He committed his crimes in Texas and Michigan. His methods of killing included strangulation, stabbing, bludgeoning and drowning. He was apprehended in Houston, Texas on May 23, 1982. He was sentenced to life imprisonment and was not released. He died of prostate cancer in hospital in Jackson, Michigan. 

Minitel

The Minitel is a Videotex online service. Users connected to it through the telephone lines. It was a successful pre-World Wide Web online service. The PTT (Poste, Téléphone et Télécommunication) started Minitel started in France in 1982. From the beginning, users could buy things online that are now done on the Internet. People could make train reservations, check stock prices, search the telephone directory, have a mail box, and chat.

In February 2009, France Telecom said the Minitel network still had 10 million monthly connections. One-million were to the directory. France Telecom ended the service on 30 June 2012.

Millions of terminals were free to telephone subscribers. That meant many people and businesses had access immediately. People who got Minitel did not get a regular paper telephone directory.

Minitel gave access to these services:

Many new companies started to try to make money using the network. This was like the later dot-com bubble. Many of the companies failed. Some people criticized pornographic services on Minitel because children could access them. The government did not make rules about pornography on Minitel. The government also made a tax on pornographic online services.

Payment methods

France Télécom charged Minitel users at rates of up to €1 a minute. The rates depend on the service called. Most services were much cheaper than the maximum. France Télécom then paid part of the fee to the companies that operate Minitel servers.

The most popular service of the Minitel was the "Annuaire Electronique" at the phone number "11". On 18 October 1996, access to the Phonedirectory changed to "3611". Companies could add up to 3 lines of information to the listing. There were also advertisements on the phone directory pages.

Minitel terminals have a text based screen, keyboard and modem. The screen can show simple graphics. Minitel terminals use the AZERTY keyboard, not the QWERTY keyboard. Users could buy printers to attach to the terminals.

The Minitel modem usually dialed a special number to connect to a PAVI ("Point d'Accès VIdéotexte", "videotext access point"). The PAVI sent information to the correct servers on the Transpac X.25 network. In France the most common dial number was "36 15". "36 17" was for more expensive services. Minitel services names often started with this number. So, the "36 15" number at the front of the name was like the ".com" on Internet web sites.

Minitel used a half-duplex asymmetric data rate via its modem. It downlinked at 1200 bit/s and uplinked at 75 bit/s. This allowed fast downloads, for the time. The system was called '1275', but the correct name was V.23. This system was only for Minitel and copies of Minitel in other countries.

The United Kingdom had a similar service called Prestel.


Parkinsonian syndrome

Parkinsonian syndrome (also known as Parkinsonism, atypical Parkinson's or secondary Parkinson's) is a neurological syndrome characterized by tremor, hypokinesia, rigidity, and postural instability. There are many conditions that lead to Parkinsonism, and diagnosis can be difficult. While the neurodegenerative condition Parkinson's disease (PD) is the most common cause of parkinsonism, a wide range of other causes may lead to a similar set of symptoms, including some toxins, a few metabolic diseases, and a handful of neurological conditions unrelated to Parkinson's disease.
Its most common cause is as a side effect of medications, mainly neuroleptic antipsychotics especially the phenothiazines (such as perphenazine and chlorpromazine), thioxanthenes (such as flupenthixol and zuclopenthixol) and butyrophenones (such as haloperidol (Haldol)), piperazines (such as ziprasidone), and, rarely, antidepressants.

Sibley-Monroe checklist 1

The Sibley-Monroe checklist was a landmark document in the study of birds conducted by Charles Sibley and Burt Monroe during the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s. It drew on extensive DNA-DNA hybridisation studies to reassess the relationships between modern birds.

There are species on the checklist.

Imperial House of Japan

The , also referred to as the "Imperial family", is made up of the extended family of the reigning Emperor of Japan.
In 1947, membership in the Imperial family was limited to the male line descendants of the Emperor Taishō, excluding females who marry outside the Imperial family.

Eleven branches of the Imperial House were removed in 1947.

Article 5 of the defines who is an official member of , including 

There are 17 members of the Imperial Family.

The Emperor Emeritus was born at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo on 23 December 1933, the elder son and sixth child of the Shōwa Emperor and Empress Kōjun. He was married on 10 April 1959 to Michiko Shōda. Emperor Akihito succeeded his father as emperor on 7 January 1989.
The Empress Emerita, formerly Michiko Shōda, was born in Tokyo on 24 October 1934, the eldest daughter of Hidesaburo Shōda, president and honorary chairman of Nisshin Flour Milling Inc..
The Prince Hitachi was born on 28 November 1935, the second son and seventh child of the Emperor Shôwa and Empress Kojun. His childhood title was Prince Yoshi. By getting the title Prince Hitachi, he started a new branch of the imperial family on 1 October 1964, the day after his wedding.
The Princess Hitachi was born on 19 July 1940, the daughter of former Count Yoshitaka Tsugaru. Prince and Princess Hitachi have no children.
The Princess Mikasa is the widow of The Prince Mikasa (born on 2 December 1915, died 27 October 2016), the fourth son of the Emperor Taishō and Empress Teimei, and a younger brother of Emperor Shōwa. The princess was born on 6 June 1923, the second daughter of Viscount Masanori Takagi. Prince and Princess Mikasa married 22 October 1941. They have two daughters and three sons.


The living former imperial princesses are:

Article 2 of the Constitution of Japan provides that "the Imperial Throne shall be dynastic and succeeded to in accordance with the Imperial Household Law passed by the Diet." 
The Imperial Household Law allows only males in the Japanese order of succession.



Anthony Minghella

Anthony Minghella (6 January 1954 – 18 March 2008) was a British movie director, producer and screenwriter of Italian ancestry. He was born in Ryde, Isle of Wight. His brother is screenwriter Dominic Minghella (born 1967). 

Minghella wrote and directed "Truly, Madly, Deeply"; he won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay. He wrote and directed "The English Patient"; he won a BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and an Academy Award for Best Director. He wrote and directed "The Talented Mr. Ripley" and "Cold Mountain".

Minghella had cancer of the tonsils and the neck. He died of a cerebral haemorrhage and from cancer complications in Charing Cross Hospital, west London, the week after an operation to remove the cancer. He had a son, actor Max (born 1985) and a daughter, Hannah.

United States Board on Geographic Names

The United States Board on Geographic Names (BGN) is a United States federal body whose purpose is to establish and maintain uniform usage of geographic names throughout the government of the United States.

The Board's purpose is to standardize -- not regulate -- US and foreign geographic names, including the names of geographical features underseas and in Antarctica.

The Board was created in 1890 by executive order of President Benjamin Harrison. The Board was given authority to resolve questions about geographic names.

In 1947, the Board was recreated by Congress in Public Law 80-242.

The Geographic Names Information System includes topographic map names and bibliographic references. The names of books and historic maps which confirm the feature or place name are cited. Variant names, alternatives to official federal names for a feature, are also recorded. 

Processes for standardizing non-US geographic names, Antarctic names and undersea features were developed.


 

Permanent Committee on Geographical Names

The Permanent Committee on Geographical Names (PCGN) is an independent government agency in the United Kingdom. Its function is to establish standard names for places outside the UK, but not including Antarctica. The decisions about names are for the use of the British government.
Permanent Committee on Geographical Names was established in 1919.

Over the years, the representative members have grown to include



Kikuō Hayashiya

On Shōten, he always wears a yellow kimono. He is known for making commonplace jokes and usually "plays the fool." He is a mood maker.

Kikuou is also famous for his side job, a chain of noodle shops named after him called "Kikuzō Ramen." (Kikuzō is his old name). On Shōten, he often advertises Kikuzō Ramen, but other members joke about it being very flavorless. Kikuzō Ramen is famous for its lack of flavor.


FIFA Confederations Cup

The FIFA Confederations Cup (formally known as the King Fahd Cup) was an Association football tournament for national teams held by FIFA. It was played with the winner of the FIFA confederation championships (UEFA, CONMEBOL, CONCACAF, CAF, AFC, OFC), as well as the FIFA World Cup holder and the host. The number of teams was eight. The tournament was regarded as an early step on the way to the FIFA World Cup.

Guard

Guard or guards may refer to:


Azuchi–Momoyama period

, also known as the , is the time from approximately 1573 to 1606 in history of Japan.

This period is called Azuchi-Momoyama because there were two great centers of power during this time. One was Oda Nobunaga's castle at Azuchi near Lake Biwa. The other was Toyotomi Hideyoshi's castle at Momoyama near Kyoto.


The times when Toyotomi grasped the government are called , and the culture that prospered mainly on this time is called .

A new merchant class grew in cities at this time. Consumption and luxurious culture had increased among the wealthy.

Trade with the West was influential Francisco Xavier visited Japan.

Mount Tate

Mount Tate is a mountain in the Mt. Tate range of the northern Hida Mountains (the north Alps). It is in the southeastern area of Toyama Prefecture. It is a general term for three peaks, Mt.O (altitude 3,003 m), Mt. Onanji (altitude 3,015 m), and Fujinooritate (altitude 2,999 m).

It is one of the mountains of Chūbu-Sangaku National Park with the dominant peak of the Tateyama mountain range. The Park was made on December 4, 1934.
It ranks with Mt. Tsurugi. They are some of the few mountains which have an existing glacier in Japan.

Kanazawa

It has been recognized as a core city since 1996.

During the Edo period, Kanazawa was the center of the Maeda clan.

Kanazawa has a big Japanese garden called Kenroku-en. Kenroku-en was made as a garden of the Kanazawa castle at the Edo period. It is regarded as one of the most famous gardens in Japan. 

Kanazawa is on the western coast of Honshu. It faces the Sea of Japan. 


Tackle

Tackle may refer to:


List of The Lion King characters

This is a list of characters from the movie series "The Lion King". The characters were made by The Walt Disney Company in 1994.

Simba is the main character of the series. He is a lion. In "The Lion King", he becomes King of Pride Rock. The character is voiced by Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Matthew Broderick. His name comes from the word for "lion" in Swahili.

Nala is Simba's childhood friend who later becomes his queen. She appears in "The Lion King", "" and "The Lion King 1½". Nala's mother is Sarafina. "Nala" means "gift" in Swahili.

Scar is the main villain in the movie. He was voiced by Jeremy Irons.

Pumbaa is a good-hearted warthog in the movie. He usually gossips with the other animals, but then flees with his tail held in the air when things get out of hand.
Mufasa was the king of the pride lands until he was brutally murdered by Scar.

Shangluo

Shangluo Municipality (, pinyin: Shāngluò Shì, formerly known as "商雒"), is a prefecture-level city in Shaanxi, China. It is in the southeast part of Shannxi. Shangluo covers . As of November 2010, 2,341,742 people lived here. The place is based on farming, forestry, Chinese herbology and gold mining.

Shangluo is divided into 7 municipalities:


Directorate General for Civil Aviation (France)

The Directorate General for Civil Aviation (, DGAC) is the French civil aviation authority. It is located in Paris.

In 2013, DGAC starts with the ENAC the consulting company France Aviation Civile Services.



Pope Alexander VI

Pope Alexander VI (; 1431–1503), born Rodrigo Lanzol y Borja, was an Spanish cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 215th Pope from 1492 to 1503. 

In 1431, Lanzol y Borja born in Xàtiva, which is near Valencia in Spain. His father was Jofre Lançol. His mother was Isabella Borgia, who was a sister of Cardinal Alfonso Borgia, who later became Pope Callixtus III.

He was adopted into the immediate family of Pope Callixtus; and was known afterwards as Rodrigo Borgia.
In 1456, he was made Cardinal.

Cardinal Borgia was elected pope on August 11, 1492; and he took the name of Alexander VI.

Pope Alexander is known for writing "Inter Caetera" in 1493. In this papal decree, Alexander decided that some parts of South America would be Spanish or and some parts would be Portuguese.



Exotic pet

A exotic pet is a rare or unusual animal which is kept as a pet. It is kept in human households but is relatively unusual or usually thought of as a wild animal rather than as a pet.

"Exotic" often refers to a species which is not native (indigenous) to where the owner lives, or an animal that isn't typically kept as a pet (unlike cats or dogs). "Pet" is a companion animal living with people.

A wide variety of animals have been kept as pets. Below is a list of some animals that are kept in captivity at home and are thought to be "exotic". Where examples are provided within a category, the examples are the animals that are "relatively commonly" kept as pets in captivity at home within that category (although mice and parakeets may not really be considered very "exotic").



Abe's salamander

The Abe's salamander ("Hynobius abei") is a species of salamander. They are in the Hynobiidae family. They live in Japan. They live in forests, freshwater marshes, and freshwater springs. Their population is declining because of habitat loss. The IUCN lists the species as critically endangered.

Yanta District

Yanta District (, pinyin:Yàntǎ Qū, meaning "Wild goose Tower District") is a District of Xi'an, it's in southern part of Xi'an. Area of it is 151.44km, and as of November 2010, 1,178,529 people live in here. The name of Yanta District is come from Big Wild Goose Tower, a tower that builded in 652 A.D. It's famous in culture and tour. The district have many university.

In September 1954, Yanta District was set up. It was merge from Xi'an No.9 District, a part of Chang'an County, a part of Weiqu District and some other place.

In May 1960, some part of Xincheng District, Lianhu District and Beilin District was merged to Yanta District. But that was revoked in April 1962.

In September 1965, Yanta District was changed to Xi'an suburb toghter with Weiyang District, original Epang District and some other place. It's revoked in February 1980.

Yanta District is divided to 8 part:


Leslie Nielsen

Leslie Nielsen (February 11, 1926 – November 28, 2010) was a Canadian actor and comedian. His television roles include "Forbidden Planet" and "Police Squad!". His movie roles include "Airplane!" and "The Naked Gun" trilogy: "", "" and "".

Nielsen was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. He died of pneumonia in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Forbidden Planet

Forbidden Planet is a 1956 American science fiction movie set in the 23rd century. It was written by Cyril Hume, directed by Fred M. Wilcox and produced by Nicholas Nayfack. It stars Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis and Leslie Nielsen. The storyline is an obvious take of Shakespeare's "The Tempest".

Flux (software)

Flux was a software program that could create and display 3D images. Flux existed as a plug-in for web browsers like Internet Explorer and as an installable computer program.


Leatherback sea turtle

The leatherback sea turtle is the largest of all living sea turtles. It is the fourth largest modern reptile behind three crocodilians.

Adults average in shell length, in total length and weigh . The largest ever found was over from head to tail and weighed . It was found on a beach on the west coast of Wales.

The eggs and young are often eaten by predators, but the adults can defend themselves aggressively. Only the largest sea predators can tackle a leatherback successfully.

Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals. They have been recorded diving to depths as great as .

They are also the fastest-moving reptiles. The 1992 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records lists the leatherback turtle moving at in the water.
Usually, they swim at .

They can live as far north as Alaska and Norway and as far south as the Cape of Good Hope in Africa and the southernmost tip of New Zealand. The leatherback is found in all tropical and subtropical oceans, and it also goes well into the Arctic Circle.

Very little is known about how long they live. Some reports say "30 years or more", while others say "50 years or more".

Takahito, Prince Mikasa

Prince Takahito was the fourth and youngest son of Emperor Taishō and Empress Teimei. He was the brother of Emperor Shōwa, who was the father of the current emperor.

The prince's childhood title was "Sumi-no-miya". He attended the Gakushūin Peers' School from 1922 to 1932.

The prince attended the Imperial Japanese Army Academy from 1932 to 1936. He graduated from the Army Staff College.

In 1935, Emperor Shōwa gave him the title "Mikasa-no-miya" (Prince Mikasa). He was given permission to form a new branch of the Imperial family.

Prince Mikasa served in the army from 1937 to 1947.

He was an officer in China. He served at Army Headquarters during the Second World War.

Prince Mikasa died of cardiac arrest after being treated for pneumonia at a hospital in Tokyo at the age of 100.




Toronto Zoo

The Toronto Zoo is a zoo in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. With , the Toronto Zoo is the largest zoo in Canada.

It is in seven geographic regions: Indo-Malaya, Africa, Americas, Tundra Trek, Australasia, Eurasia and the Canadian Domain. Some animals are indoors in tropical settings. Some are outdoors in what would be their normal environments. It also has areas such as the Kids Zoo, Waterside Theatre and Splash Island. The zoo is currently home to over 16,000 animals. There are over 491 species.

In April 2012 the zoo is not in the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. It sent three elephants to a place that is not okayed by the AZA. The zoo can ask to be back in the AZA in March 2013.

Oliver Reed

Robert Oliver Reed (13 February 1938 – 2 May 1999) was a British actor. He was born in Wimbledon, Surrey. He was a nephew of movie director Sir Carol Reed (1906-1976) and grandson of actor and theatre manager Herbert Beerbohm Tree (1852-1917).

Reed's starred in many movies, including: "Women in Love", "The Devils", "The Three Musketeers", "Tommy", "Castaway" ,"Gladiator"and "Treasure island"

Reed was an alcoholic. He died of a heart attack in Valletta, Malta.

Immaculate antbird

The immaculate antbird ("Myrmeciza immaculata"), also known as the blue-lored antbird, is a species of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in forests in Costa Rica, Panama, western and northern Colombia, western Venezuela, and western Ecuador. The species eats insects, and usually follows swarms of army ants to catch prey. However, it may sometimes find its prey away from the swarms.


Triton (mythology)

Triton was the son of Poseidon, the sea god, in Greek mythology. He acted as Poseidon's messenger. He had the ability to make the seas calm by blowing on a conch shell. He is shown in Greek art as having the body of a man and a fish tail, like a mermaid. Sometimes he is shown with arms like the claws of a crab, at other times he has arms like a horse's legs. He lived in a golden palace at the bottom of the ocean.

Sometimes Triton was shown as being many people, known as Tritones.

The planet Neptune's moon, Triton, was named after the god.

Xincheng District

Xincheng District (, pinyin:Xīnchéng Qū, meaning: New City District), is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China, and it's in middle-eastern of Xi'an. Shaanxi government is in here. Its name is from Xincheng Square. As of November 2011, 589,739 people live in here. Area of Xincheng District is 30.13 km.

Beilin District

Beilin District (, pinyin:Bēilín Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It's in center of Xi'an. Its name comes from Stele Forest (碑林, Beilin). Area of the district is 264.41 km and as of November 2010, 806,811 live in here. The district is famous in tour.

Monte Hermoso

Monte Hermoso is a town on the Atlantic coast of Argentina. It is about east of the city of Bahía Blanca. It is in the south of the Province of Buenos Aires. It is the capital of the partido of Monte Hermoso.

The tallest lighthouse in South America is nearby. It is called "Faro Recalada a Bahia Blanca". It is high. 

Pope Callixtus III

Pope Callixtus III (; December 31, 1378–August 6, 1458), born Alfonso de Borja, was an Spanish official of the Roman Catholic Church and the 210th Pope from April 8, 1455 until his death.

Borja was born near Valencia on December 31, 1378.

Martin V named Borja bishop of Valencia in 1429.

In 1444, Eugene IV made Borja or "Borgia" a cardinal.

After Nicholas V died, Cardinal Borgia was elected pope on April 8, 1455. He chose to be called Callixtus III.

In 1456, Callixtus authorized a review of the trial of Joan of Arc; and she was found innocent.



Gilbert and Sullivan

Gilbert and Sullivan were two men who worked together during the late 19th century to write fourteen well known comic operas. W.S. Gilbert wrote the words to the operas, while Arthur Sullivan was the composer who wrote the music.

Gilbert and Sullivan introduced innovations in content and form that influenced the development of musical theatre in the 20th century. The operas have also influenced political discourse, literature, film and television. Their operas are still commonly performed today, and some have been turned into movies. Many of the operas are very funny, and the songs are often parodied.

Producer Richard D'Oyly Carte brought Gilbert and Sullivan together and helped their collaboration. He built the Savoy Theatre in 1881 to present their joint works, and founded the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, which performed and promoted their works for over a century.


Folies Bergère

The Folies Bergère is a nightclub in Paris which opened in 1869 as a music hall. It was at the height of its fame and popularity from the 1890s until the Second World War. It is still in business.

It opened on 2 May 1869 as the Folies Trévise, offering operettas, comic opera, popular songs, and gymnastics. It became the "Folies Bergère" on 13 September 1872, named after a nearby street, the rue Bergère. 

In 1882, Édouard Manet painted the famous "A Bar at the Folies-Bergère".

In 1886, Édouard Marchand thought up a new type of entertainment for the "Folies Bergère": the music-hall review. Women would be the heart of Marchand's concept for the "Folies". In the early 1890s, the American dancer Loïe Fuller starred at the "Folies Bergère". In 1902, illness forced Marchand to leave after 16 years.

In 1918, Paul Derval (1880–1966) made his mark on the review. His reviews were to feature extravagant costumes, sets and effects, and his "small nude women". Derval's small nude women would become the hallmark of the "Folies". During his 48 years at the Folies, he launched the careers of many French stars including Maurice Chevalier, Mistinguett, Josephine Baker, Fernandel and many others.

Many famous entertainers have performed at the "Folies Bergère":

Metal Max

Like other Japanese RPGs, players use characters travel in destroyed feature world, find items to strong themselves, and battle with enemys to get money. In games, player can find and get tanks, tanks are powerful and can protect characters. Player can find tank in different place by searching, bought by money or made by NPCs. In battle, human characters can attact by themselves or using tanks, while all character's health points equals 0, battle was lost.

Tank has 6 parts: cannon (main gun), machine gun (sub gun), special equipments, chassis, engine, and control system. Using weapon can attack enemy, and the others can keep tank running normally. Tank was covered by armors, if tank was attacked, armors might be lost, than it will broken easily. If tank broken heavily, it wouldn't move or protect character, and it must need to be fixed.

First game of series was released in 1991 when "Dragon Quest" was popular in Japan, developer said for public that it's boring for battle with dragons, play human with tanks RPG -- "Metal Max". In 1993, "Metal Max 2" was released, it was sold 280,000 copies. And in 1995, the first of series was remade.

In the end of 1990s, original publisher Data East run not good, some game want to be publisher but not success. Finally, Data East got bankrupt in 2003, and "Metal Max" belongs to the one who don't work for video games.

Since 2005, Success company published a game as title "Metal Saga". In 2009, Enterbrain get the original treadmark, and "Metal Max 3" was published in 2010 by Kadokawa Games.


Anna Paquin

Anna Helene Paquin (born 24 July 1982) is a Canadian-New Zealand movie actress. She was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba to a French Canadian father and New Zealand mother. She won Academy Awards for "The Piano" at age 11 in 1994. She also performed in movies related to the "X-Men" franchise.

Paquin is openly bisexual.

Panathinaiko Stadium

The Panathinaiko Stadium is a stadium in Athens, Greece. The Olympic Games of 1896 and 2004 were held here. The London 2012 Olympics started here.

It is the only major stadium in the world built entirely of white marble. It is also one of the oldest in the world.

Dayak people

The Dayak are the native ethnic group of Borneo. There is no Dayak culture, because the word is used for many different groups of people. Dayak live on the island of Borneo, that is either in Brunei, Indonesia or Malaysia. Originally, the Dayak had their own religions, which were a mix of animism and shamanism. In the 20th century, many Dayak converted to either Christianity or Islam. Some didn't, and they call their religion Kaharingan. For reasons of classifying, Kaharingan has been made a form of Hinduism. 

Positive-definite matrix

A positive-definite matrix is a matrix with special properties. The definition of the term is best understood for square matrices that are symmetrical, also known as Hermitian matrices. 

A square matrix filled with real numbers is positive definite if it can be multiplied by any non-zero vector and its transpose and be greater than zero. The vector chosen must be filled with real numbers.

when the entries "z", "z" are real and at least one of them nonzero, this is positive. This proves that the matrix formula_4 is positive-definite.

Transpose

The transpose of a matrix A is another matrix where the rows of A are written as columns. Vectors can be transposed in the same way. We can write the transpose of A using different symbols such as A, A′ A and A. 

Here is the vector formula_1 being transposed:

Here are a few matrices being transposed:



Given two matrices A and B, the following properties related to the transpose are true:



UEFA Euro 2012 Group B

Group B of the UEFA Euro 2012 began on June 9, 2012 and ended on June 17, 2012. The group had the teams of Denmark, Germany, Netherlands and Portugal. Germany and Portugal went to the quarter-finals. The group was named the "Group of death," because the teams were in the top 10 in the FIFA World Rankings at the start of the games.



Pope Callixtus

Pope Callixtus has been the papal name of three popes of the Roman Catholic Church.


Hazara people

Hazāra () are a Persian-speaking people group who mainly live in central Afghanistan and in southwestern Pakistan. They are mostly Muslims with a Shia majority and a Sunni minority. Hazaras are the third largest ethnic group in Afghanistan, forming about 18% (according to other sources up to 30%) of the total population. Over a million Hazaras live in neighboring Pakistan, native to the region of Quetta (Northern Balochistan). Some Hazaras live in Iran. In the urban areas, like Kabul and Herat, they speak the Dari variant of Persian. In the more rural areas, thry mostly speak a dialect known as Hazaragi. 




Dick Bertell

Dick Bertell (21 November 1935 – 20 December 1999) was a Major League Baseball player for the Chicago Cubs and the San Francisco Giants. He was a catcher. He was in the 1962 all-star game.

Emily Blunt

Emily Olivia Laura Blunt (born 23 February 1983) is a British and American actress. She has received nominations for an Academy Award and four British Academy Film Awards, and won a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. She began acting professionally in 2001 in theater, and made her movie debut in 2004's "My Summer of Love".

Blunt's television roles include the title character "Gideon's Daughter", for which she won a Golden Globe Award. Her movie roles include Emily Charlton in "The Devil Wears Prada", the title role of Queen Victoria in "The Young Victoria" and Elise Sellas in "The Adjustment Bureau".

Blunt married actor John Krasinski on 10 July 2010. The couple have two daughters, born in 2014 and 2016. Blunt became a dual British-American citizen in 2015. 

In 2018, Blunt starred alongside her husband in the 2018 horror movie "A Quiet Place". She starred as Mary Poppins in the 2018 Disney fantasy movie "Mary Poppins Returns".

In 2023, she starred as Katherine Oppenheimer, wife of J. Robert Oppenheimer, in Christopher Nolan's 2023 movie "Oppenheimer".

Dwight Schrute

Dwight Kurt Schrute III (; born January 20, 1968) is a character on "The Office" played by Rainn Wilson. He is one of the highest-ranking salesmen as well as assistant to the regional manager (disputed) at the paper company Dunder Mifflin. 

Schrute is known for his lack of social skills and common sense, his love for martial arts and the justice system, and his office rivalry with fellow salesman Jim Halpert. He is also known for his romantic relationship with Angela. 

Dwight was also the Vice President of Special Projects Development for the Sabre Corporation, but was soon replaced by Todd Packer, who was almost immediately terminated. In the final season, Dwight is finally offered the position of permanent Regional Manager.

Pogo stick

A pogo stick is a type of hopping device that holds one person. It works by jumping off the ground in a standing position with the help of a spring. It is used as a toy or exercise equipment.

Alan Dershowitz

Alan Morton Dershowitz (born September 1, 1938) is an American lawyer, professor, and political commentator who is Jewish. He has spent most of his career at Harvard Law School, where he became the youngest full professor of law in its history in 1967, at the age of 28. He has held the Felix Frankfurter professorship there since 1993. He was born in Brooklyn.

Dershowitz is known for his role in several important legal cases and as a commentator on the Arab–Israeli conflict. As a criminal lawyer, he has won 13 of the 15 murder and attempted murder cases he has handled, and has represented many celebrity clients, such as Mike Tyson, Patty Hearst, Jeffrey Epstein and Jim Bakker. His most famous cases include his role in 1984 in overturning the conviction of Claus von Bülow for the attempted murder of his wife, Sunny, and as the appellate adviser for the defense in the trial of O.J. Simpson in 1995. In 2020, he was hired by President Donald Trump to defend him during his impeachment trial.

He is a political liberal, and has written several books on politics and law, including "Reversal of Fortune: Inside the von Bülow Case" (1985), the basis of the 1990 film; "Chutzpah" (1991); "Reasonable Doubts: The Criminal Justice System and the O.J. Simpson Case" (1996); "The Case for Israel" (2003); "Rights From Wrongs: A Secular Theory of the Origins of Rights" (2004) and "The Case for Peace" (2005).

He is also a writer (guest columnist/blogger) for The Huffington Post.

Temple of Zeus at Olympia

The Temple of Zeus is a Doric temple in the sanctuary at Olympia, Greece. Olympia was the site of the ancient Olympic Games. The temple is a ruin. It was dedicated to Zeus, the principal god of the Ancient Greeks. This temple was the most important and most impressive structure at Olympia. 

The temple was built between 470 BC and 456 BC. Local limestone was the chief material used. The roof tiles, the gargoyles, and the sculptures were made of marble. The temple measured 64.12 meters by 27.66 meters. It was 20.25 meters high. The temple had six columns at the ends and thirteen columns along both sides. The height of each column was 10.45 meters.

A ramp at the eastern end led to the "prodomos". The table holding the Olympic wreaths stood to the right. The crowning of the victors took place on the last day at this spot. 

The sculptures of the east pediment depicted the story of Pelops and Hippodameia. This story is about the first chariot races. The sculptures of the west pediment depicted the story of the Centaurs and the Lapiths. This story is about the contest between barbarity and civilization. There were six metopes over the front porch and six over the back porch. They depicted the Labors of Heracles.

The temple once contained Phidias' "Statue of Zeus", one of the seven wonders of the ancient world. The fate of the statue is unknown. It may have been taken to Constantinople where it was probably destroyed in the fire of 475 AD. Or, it may have been destroyed in the fire at Olympia in 426 AD. Phidias' workshop was discovered at Olympia in 1954.

Statue bases cover the area around the temple. These bases held statues of gods, heroes, and Olympic victors. They were dedicated by individuals and cities. The sacred olive from which the Olympic wreaths were cut stood on the west side of the temple. Earthquakes destroyed it in 522 AD and in 551. 


Heraia

The Heraia were footraces held in honor of the goddess Hera in Olympia, Greece since early ancient times. The races were said to have been created by Hippodameia in gratitude for her marriage to Pelops. 

Only virgins from Elis, Greece competed. They wore a short tunic that fell just above the knees. The right shoulder was bare to the breast. Competitors ran only about 160 meters in the stadium of Olympia. This was somewhat short of the stadium's complete length. 

The judges were 16 Eleian women. Every four years, they wove Hera's sacred "peplos" (dress), and took it to her Temple. The judges had two special dances: the Hippodameia and the Physkoa. The latter was dedicated to a local nymph with whom Dionysos fell in love. 

Winners of the race received an olive branch wreath and a portion of the cow's meat sacrificed to Hera. They had the right to dedicate their statues to the Temple of Hera. The Heraia was not held during the years of the men's Olympic Games. About two years separated the events.

Commission (remuneration)

Commission is the payment of extra on top of a salary. Commission is generally found in sales work where a salesman obtains part of the total sale as extra wage.

Golden Sun: Dark Dawn

Golden Sun: Dark Dawn, known as Ōgon no Taiyō: Shikkokunaru Yoake (黃金の太陽 漆黒なる夜明け) in Japan, is a fantasy role-playing video game for Nintendo DS. It's developed by Camelot and published by Nintendo. First shown "Dark Dawn"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s official games was in E3 2010. Game was released in October 28, 2010 in Japan and in November 29, 2010 in North America; It is 8 years since the previous game, Game Boy Advance game "", was released.

The game picks up 30 years after the first two games of the series. The main characters are the children of the character in the previous game. In the game, player will control Matthew and his friends to fix the "soarwing".

Like its predecessors, "Dark Dawn" similay as the traditional role-playing video game. In game, players control characters travel in fantasy-themed world, chat with other characters, battle with monsters, learning powerful magic spells, finding equipment, and take part in a building, do given tasks. Unlike the previous games, some locations don't allowed return once player left. One change of game is the encyclopedia system. For players who don't familiar with the plot of the first two games, the encyclopedia explains location, role and other words.

Much of the time are not spend in battle, instead, it takes place either in the game's overworld or solve puzzle for dungeons, caves, and other locales. Like "The Lost Age", "Dark Dawn" have a ship that can help player across a large sea, visiting continents and islands. To solve puzzles or complete the tasks, player usually need to use magic spells that named Psynergy, besides, player also has to find items that can teach character new Psynergy.

Unlike many role-playing video games that magiac can only use as attack or defending in battle, Psynergy spells are also have important usage for solve puzzles and searching. While some Psynergy can only be used in battle, some are only used in the game's overworld and in non-battle place. Instead, some Psynergy can also be used for both situations; for example, the “Cold Snap” ability can be used to attack enemies in battle, or changed water to ice as part of a puzzle. While using Psynergy in non-battle place, a light ring appears around the character and players can decide the direction of the ability by using the touch screen or buttons. Psynergy comes in four elements: Venus (rocks and plants), Mars (fire and heat), Jupiter (wind and electricity), and Mercury (water and ice). The player gains more and more Psynergy spells as the game progresses, either through levelling up or acquiring and equipping, or using special items, and with each "utility" Psynergy spell the party gains access to more locations and secrets hidden within the game world.

"Dark Dawn" have two kinds of battle: random monster encounters and battles which BOSS that can advance the story. Battles take place on the lower screen of DS, enemy party and player's party are shown face to face. During battle, the camera rotates around the characters and backgrounds in 3D, unlike the pseudo 3D effect used in the previous games. The upper screen is used to view characters' stats and Djinni information.

In battle, the player is required to defeat all the enemies by attacks with weapons, using Psynergy spells, or other ways. At the same time, player needs to keep his or her own party alive by using items and supportive Psynergy that heal and support. If all the player's characters are defeated by losing all their hit points, the party is returned to the last village that the player visited, and the player loses some money. A battle victory, players will get experience points, coins, and sometimes can get special items.

One of the most special feature in "Dark Dawn" is the Djinn system, where the player collects and cortrols elemental product called Djinn (singular: "Djinni"), and "Dark Dawn" use some Djinn that appeared in previous games. They can be found in different place of the game. Each element have 18 Djinn, so 4 elements Djinn have 72 totally, and any character can have each one. Different Djinn can changed different character's classes differently, that besides hit points, Psynergy points, general stats, and Psynergy that character could use.

Once Djinn got, player can decide which character get it. Each Djinn have three modes: Set, Standby, or Recovery. When a Djinni is Set, that Djinni will change character's class, stats and Psynergy. Psynergy that who can used is depending on both the character's and the Djinni's element. In combat, player use character's set Djinni during that character's turn. Each Djinni has its own special effect when called upon during combat. These effects include attacking, buffing or debuffing, healing and many other effects. After using a Djinni, it goes into Standby mode. While on Standby, Djinn can't affect character class, but can be used for Summoning, where the player summons a powerful elemental spirit. This is the game's most powerful way of attacking, and also the riskiest. As it requires Djinn to be on standby, it woulden't strong a character like set Djinni. Once a Djinni on Standby has been used for a Summon Sequence, it spends some turns recovering before it restores itself to Set mode on a character. There are 30 Summon Sequences in "Dark Dawn"; 16 from the first game can be used alongside, 13 multi-elemental sequences introduced in "The Lost Age", and 1 new sequence in "Dark Dawn". Each of these must be earned individually; they are usually find in dungeons that not must to visit.

In "Dark Dawn", 83 Djinn are introduced. 72 Djinn are obtainable by the player, and 11 are only apper in the plot that can't really got. Djinn allow for a large array of possible class setups for all eight playable characters. This allows for a large kind of combat ways.

In the past of Weyard, Alchemy was used for developing culture. However, use Alchemy as a wrong way would destroy the world, so Alchemy was sealed in Mount Aleph. In the beginning of first game, Alchemy was released, so a group of heroes travel to reseal Alchemy. In the second game, it is find that without Alchemy, the ancient culture began to lost, and the world will disapper without the powers of Alchemy. In the predecessors, Isaac and Felix let Alchemy return to the world. The story of "Dark Dawn" begins thirty years after the end of "The Lost Age". Due to Isaac and the others bringing the power of the Golden Sun to Weyard, continents have moved, new countries have set up, and new species have appeared. However, Psynergy Vortexes, which take the elemental Psynergy from both the earth and the Adepts (who can control Alchemy), are appearing all over Weyard.

In "Golden Sun: Dark Dawn", player can control eight characters totally. Venus Adept captain Matthew is the son of Isaac and Jenna, he is silent but strong-willed. Mars Adept Tyrell is son of Garet, though he likes to play tricks, he is the best friend of Matthew. Wind Adept Karis is the daughter of Ivan, usually visits and plays with Matthew and Tyrell who live in Lookout Cabin. Mercury Adept Rief is the son of Mia, he is travelling with tutor Kraden. Mercury Adept Amiti is the prince of Ayuthay and his lot is a mystery. Beastman Sveta is the sister of the ruler of Morgal, she can incarnat a beastman to protect friends in a battle. Mars Adept Eoleo is the son of Briggs, he also appeared in "The Lost Age" and now he is a pirate. Venus Adept Himi is the daughter of Susa, who is a seer with powerful Psynergy. Blados and Chalis are from Tuaparang, a mysterious country where they have science and military power, and a masked man named Arcanus actions with them together.

The story of "Dark Dawn" begins thirty years after the conclusion of "The Lost Age". Due to Isaac and the others bringing the power of the Golden Sun to Weyard, continents have changed, new countries was set up, and new species have appeared. However, Psynergy Vortexes, which absorb the elemental Psynergy from both the land and the power-wielding Adepts, are appearing all over Weyard. The children of the previous games' heroes – Matthew, Karis, and Tyrell – set out to solve the mystery of the vortexes, and cross a world that is succumbing to a new evil.

Tyrell destroyed soarwing that made by Ivan, so Isaac sends him out with Matthew and Karis to find a feather of the Mountain Roc to make a new one. Along the way, they met the bad person Blados, Chalis, and Arcanus. After Rief left Kraden and his sister Nowell, he joins Matthew's party to meet Kraden. After making two Alchemy Machines (a Forge and a Well) running they come to the country of Morgal, where beastmen live. They get the Roc feather quickly, however, they were tricked into activating the Luna Tower, the Grave Eclipse cover much parts of earth and takes death and pains. The children then fight to end the eclipse by activating Apollo's Lens, an alchemy machine powered by the Alchemy Forge and Alchemy Well. For this, they and defeating Blados, Chalis and a dark monster who changed by Sveta's brother. After activating the Apollo's lens and stopping the Grave Eclipse, they and new friends return to their own homes. However, when they return to the home, a unusually large Psynergy Vortex greeting them.

After previous "Golden Sun: The Lost Age" was released in 2003, there are many players talk about a third entry in the "Golden Sun" series. In 2003, developer Camelot said "the current status of a third game ... is still up in the air". In a 2004 interview about the studio's founding brothers Hiroyuki and Shugo Takahashi, they said the first two games is for "prologues to the real event yet to come". At this time, someone said third title might pubilshed on the Nintendo GameCube.

Due to less update information about new game, there were some hoaxes. One of hoax is a Nintendo DS game called "Golden Sun: The Solar Soothsayer", which said that would shown at a small pre-E3 2007 shown. Official said this information is no really, and the hoax's author explain that he wants to make more talks for new game.

There are also many talks about the third "Golden Sun" title. In October 2007, Takahashi brothers said they still wanted to and "have to" make a third game, and Nintendo also asked them to make another. They said they just wished to give the title time to developing, so they didn't make a game now. In April 2008, "Nintendo Power" magazine interviewed Shugo Takahashi on one of his latest games. When they asked about a third "Golden Sun", Takahashi replied "A new "Golden Sun"? Well, I personally think that I want to play a new RPG, too..."

"Golden Sun DS" was finally announced during Nintendo's press conference at E3 2009, with a release date set for the 2010 holiday season. Media shows that elemental Djinn (likely it previous, earth, fire, wind, and water, also refer to Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Mercury) and certain summons will return from the previous games in the series. At E3 2010, the title's name was public as "Golden Sun: Dark Dawn" and a playable demo was made available to who join E3.

"Golden Sun: Dark Dawn" had mixed reviews from critics. It is ranked 79% on Metacritic and 80% on GameRankings. The game was not as well received as its predecessors: "Golden Sun" received a 91% and a 90% on Metacritic and GameRankings, and "The Lost Age" received an 86% and an 87%.

Reviews usually praise the game's graphics and Djinni system. While "GameSpot" said "the visuals have brought the 2D world of the GBA games into full 3D on the DS to good effect", 1UP.com praises the game's battle graphics are "vivid [and] never grow tedious or overblown". GamesRadar said the game's unusual Djinni system let "veteran RPG players won't be bored with the gameplay". "Game Revolution" praises the game's puzzle setting like its predecessor that "are rarely very difficult, but the sense of satisfaction you get after grabbing your elusive reward is still like crack for the exploratory player". Besides, the game's encyclopedia system can let a new player get familiar with the previous games, gaming blog "Kotaku" said it's "extremely newbie friendly".

Criticism of the game is that battle is easy and cut-scenes dialogue is too long. "Game Revolution" said battle can "[use] the Djinn and subsequently summoning monsters ... pound on your enemies with attacks instead". 1UP.com said the game's long dialogue is just like its predecessors that "heroes and villains have an uncanny knack for saying incredibly simple things with about three or four times the words they actually need to convey those ideas". This entry adds a emotion system that can silence other characters' replies, however, reviews think it's unnecessary and can't really effect plot.

According to Media Create, 46,516 copies were sold in Japan in first four days.

Farad

A farad is a unit of measurement used in electronics. It is used for capacitance, which is the ability to store electric charge. The unit is named after the English physicist Michael Faraday. The different sizes of farad are: farads (F), millifarads (mF), microfarads (μF), nanofarads (nF) or picofarads (pF). The farad is a large unit of capacitance. Typical devices in electronics have capacitances ranging from microfarads to picofarads. Some supercapacitors have more than one farad.

Jacme Taupiac

Jacme Taupiac (born 12 February 1939) is an Occitan author and linguist. He was one of the leaders of the Institut d'Estudis Occitans. He also modernized the Occitan grammar of Alibèrt and promoted the linguistic normalization of Val d'Aran. He is also a recognized Esperantist.


Amp

Amp or AMP may be:






Intensive farming

Intensive farming or intensive agriculture is a kind of farming where a lot of money and labour are used to increase the yield that can be obtained per area of land. The use of large amounts of pesticides for crops, and of medication for animal livestocks is common. This is a contrast to traditional agriculture, which does not get as much output per area. When agriculture is intensified, this means that the amount of work needed goes up, until the worker is replaced by a machine. At that point, there will only need to be a few workers to operate the machines. Intensive farming has often been done as a response to rising population levels. It is criticised, because the standards of animal welfare are low. Intensive animal farming leads to increased pollution and to health issues.

Modern day forms of intensive crop based agriculture involve the use of mechanical ploughing, chemical fertilizers, plant growth regulators or pesticides. It is associated with the increasing use of agricultural mechanization, which have enabled a substantial increase in production, yet have also dramatically increased environmental pollution by increasing erosion and poisoning water with agricultural chemicals.

Agricultural development in Britain between the 16th century and the mid-19th century saw a massive increase in agricultural productivity and output. This in turn contributed to increase in population growth.

Industrial agriculture arose in the Industrial Revolution. By the early 19th century, agricultural techniques, implements, seed stocks, and cultivars had improved so much.

Horse-drawn machinery such as the McCormick reaper improved harvesting. Inventions such as the cotton gin reduced the cost of processing. During this same period, farmers began to use threshers and tractors that were powered with steam. In 1892, the first gasoline-powered tractor was successfully made. Mechanical harvesters, planters, transplanters, and other equipment were then developed, further improved agriculture. These inventions increased yields and allowed individual farmers to manage larger farms.

Nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium (NPK) were discovered to be very important in plant growth. This led to the manufacture of synthetic fertilizers, further increasing crop yields.

The discovery of vitamins and their role in nutrition, in the first two decades of the 20th century, led to vitamin supplements, which in the 1920s allowed some livestock to be raised indoors, reducing their exposure to adverse natural elements.

Following World War II synthetic fertilizer use increased rapidly.

The discovery of antibiotics and vaccines improved the raising of livestock by reducing diseases. Developments in refrigeration as well as food processing technology made it possible to transport goods over long distances.

There are concerns over the sustainability of industrial agriculture, and the environmental effects of fertilizers and pesticides. This has led to people buying organic food. It has also led to the funding for the development of sustainable technology.

Intensive farming has many characteristics. They include:


Mount Ashitaka

Mount Ashitaka erupted in the mid-Pleistocene epoch. It last erupted about 100,000 years ago. It is an extinct volcano.


Christopher Hill

John Edward Christopher Hill (6 February 1912 – 24 February 2003), usually known simply as Christopher Hill, was an English Marxist historian and author of textbooks.

Hill was born into a prosperous middle class family of Methodists in York. His father was a solicitor. He attended St Peter's School, York. When he sat his entrance examination at Balliol College, Oxford, The two history tutors from Balliol College, recognised his ability and offred him a place to forestall any chance he might go to Cambridge.

Before he went to Oxford in 1931, Hill had a prolonged holiday in Freiburg, Germany, Where he witnessed the rise of the Nazi Party; he later said it contributed significantly to the radicalisation of his politics.

He died of cerebral atrophy in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire.

Laurean Rugambwa

Laurean Rugambwa (July 12, 1912 – December 8, 1997) was a Tanzanian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He is known as the first cardinal from sub-Saharan Africa. Laurean Rugambwa was born in Bukongo, Tanganyika (modern Tanzania). He became a priest in 1943. In Rome, he studied Canon law at the Pontifical Urban College.

In the early 1950s, Rugambwa became a bishop. He was the first Tanzanian bishop. Rugambwa was made a cardinal by Pope John XXIII in 1960.

Cardinal Rugambwa participated in the Second Vatican Council from 1962 to 1965.


Rufino Santos

Rufino Jiao Santos (August 26, 1908 – September 3, 1973) was a Filipino priest of the Roman Catholic Church. He is known as the first Filipino Cardinal. 

Rufino Santos was born in Guagua, Pampanga. Santos studied at San Carlos Seminary from 1921 to 1927. He also studied at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome.

Santos became a priest in 1931. He was ordained at the Basilica of Saint John Lateran in Rome. 

Santos became a bishop in 1947. He was made archbishop of Manila on March 25, 1953. 

Repairs and renovation of Manila Cathedral were completed in 1958.

Pope John XXIII made Santos a cardinal on March 28, 1960. 

In 1970, Cardinal Santos was host for Pope Paul VI when he visited the Philippines. 


Temple of Hera at Olympia

The Temple of Hera ("Heraion") is a temple dedicated to Hera, the Greek goddess of marriage. She was the wife of Zeus, the greatest of the Greek gods. The temple was built about 600 BC at Olympia, Greece. It is one of the oldest temples in Greece. It measures 50 meters by 18.75 meters. It was about 7.80 meters high. It had six Doric columns at either end and sixteen Doric columns on each side. The columns were originally made of wood, but were replaced with limestone at different times. The temple was destroyed by an earthquake in the early 4th century AD. It was not repaired.

A statue of Hera was seated on a throne at the eastern end of the cella. A stone head that may be Hera survives. Next to Hera stood a statue of Zeus dressed as a warrior. The famous statue of "Hermes and the Infant Dionysos" of Praxiteles was kept in the temple. At the western end of the temple was kept the table that held the wreaths for the victors of the Olympic Games. Other valuable items were also kept at the western end.

Winners of the ancient all-female "Heraia" had the right to dedicate their statues to the temple. It was at these footraces that the statue of Hera was dressed every four years in a robe made by the women of Elis. The modern Olympic Flame is lit at the Altar of Hera which stands to the east of the temple. The German Archaeological Institute restored some of the columns in the late 20th century as well as the great circular akroterion of the temple. The akroterion is displayed in the Olympia museum. 

List of Big Time Rush episodes

"Big Time Rush", (also known as "BTR"), is a television series that airs on the Nickelodeon network. It is about four Minnesota teenagers, played by Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Pena, Jr. and Logan Henderson, who form a boy band and move to Hollywood, California. Ciara Bravo, Tanya Chisholm, and Stephen Kramer Glickman co-star.

As of May 12, 2012, the show has aired fifty episodes over three seasons, from 2009 to 2012.

Teatro La Fenice

An older opera house in Venice called the burnt down in 1774. It was the main, opera house in Venice. Some noblemen built it again, but the Venier, a famous family in Venice, made them sell the new theatre to them. So, the noblemen built a new opera house in 1792. They called it Teatro La Fenice. The first opera performed there was Giovanni Paisiello's "" (The Games of Agrigento).

La Fenice burnt down in 1836. It was built again in 1837. On 29 January 1996, La Fenice burnt down again. It was set on fire by two men working on the building. They were sent to prison for arson. La Fenice was built again in 2003 in the style of the old one. The architect, Aldo Rossi, used pictures and movies of the old La Fenice to plan the new one.

Five of Giuseppe Verdi's operas had their first performance at Teatro La Fenice:



Australian Music Prize

The Australian Music Prize (The AMP) is a yearly award for an Australian band or solo artist. It is $30,000. The AMP was formed in 2005.

The albums are judged on creative merit, not sales or popularity.

The list of nominees is given in February. The winner is announced at an event in Sydney in March.



Polaris Music Prize

The Polaris Music Prize is a music award given each year to the best full-length Canadian album. It is for artistic merit, regardless of genre, sales, or record label. The award was formed in 2006 with a $20,000 cash prize. the prize was increased to $30,000 for the 2011 award.

This list of nominees is released in early July. A group of 11 jury members ("The Grand Jury") meet in Toronto at the Polaris Music Prize gala in late September. The winner is picked after the nominated bands perform.



Pankration

Pankration was a sport in Ancient Greece. Eight of Pindar's odes were written in honor of pankratiasts. The pankration was a form of wrestling with one difference: the athletes were allowed to use their fists. They did not wear boxing thongs however. Kicking and hitting were allowed but biting and gouging an eye or soft spot with a thumb or finger were forbidden. Umpires flogged athletes who violated these rules. In spite of this punishment, violations often occurred.

A Greek wrestler aimed to throw his opponent; a pankratiast however aimed to force his opponent to concede defeat. This might be done by getting an opponent in a hold that, if he did not yield (give up), a bone would be broken or a joint dislocated. Size and weight did not matter as much in the pankration as they did in boxing and wrestling because pankratiasts spent most of their time rolling around on the ground. 

The Greeks loved the pankration. They considered it the greatest test of an athlete's skill and strength. The pankration was also a favorite sport in Roman imperial times. The most famous ancient pankratiast was Arrichon of Philageia in the 6th century BC. He won the pankration in two Olympics, but died of a stranglehold in the Olympics of 564 BC. He was awarded the victor's wreath. Both Philostratus and Pausanias told the story of his final bout. A statue in the Olympia Museum may be his.

Prix Constantin

The Prix Constantin is a yearly French music prize. It is awarded to the best album of an artist who has come to fame during the past year. It was formed in 2002. Its basic purpose is to help newer artists who are not very popular to gain publicity. All albums made in France in the past year are able to win.

The Prix Constantin is named after the record industry figure Philippe Constantin, who died in 1996. The Mercury Music Prize was used as an example on making the award.

Winner: Hindi Zahra – Handmade

Nominees:


Winner: Emily Loizeau – Pays Sauvage

Nominees:

Winner: Aṣa – Aṣa

Nominees:

Winner: Daphné – Carmin

Nominees:

Winner: Abd Al Malik – Gibraltar

Nominees:

Winner: Camille – Le fil

Nominees: 

Winner: Cali – L'amour parfait

Nominees: 

Winner: Mickey 3D – Tu vas pas mourir de rire

Nominees: 

Winner: Avril – That Horse Must be Starving

Nominees: 

Milo of Croton

Milo of Croton was a 6th century BC Greek wrestler. He came from the Greek city of Croton in southern Italy. He had great success as a wrestler. He won many times in the most important sports festivals of ancient Greece. He also led the people of Croton to a military victory over the neighboring city of Sybaris in 510 BC.

Milo was said to be a friend of Pythagoras. One story says the wrestler saved the philosopher's life when a roof was about to fall on him. Another story says that Milo may have married the philosopher's daughter. Like other successful athletes of ancient Greece, Milo was the subject of tales of strength and power. Among other tales, he was said to have carried a bull on his shoulders and to have burst a band about his forehead by inflating the veins of his temples.

The date of Milo's death is unknown. He was said to be splitting a tree in half when his hands became trapped in the tree. It was then that a pack of wolves surprised, killed, and ate him. Milo is the subject of works of art by Pierre Puget, Étienne-Maurice Falconet and others. In literature, Rabelais wrote about him in "Gargantua and Pantagruel" and Shakespeare did the same in "Troilus and Cressida".

Choice Music Prize

The Choice Music Prize is a yearly music prize awarded to the best album from Ireland. It has been sponsored by Meteor since 2011.

It was formed by journalist Jim Carroll and manager Dave Reid in 2005.

The ceremony to announce the winner takes place at Vicar Street, Dublin in February or March each year.



Mercury Prize

The Mercury Prize, called the Barclaycard Mercury Prize for sponsorship reasons, is a yearly music prize. It is awarded for the best album from the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was formed by the British Phonographic Industry and British Association of Record Dealers in 1992. It was an alternative to the Brit Awards. It used to be called the Mercury Music Prize.

The prize was first sponsored by Mercury Communications. It was later sponsored by Technics, from 1998 to 2001. Then Panasonic, in 2002 and 2003, and the Nationwide Building Society, from 2004 to 2008. Barclaycard became the Prize's current sponsor in March 2009.

Nominations are announced in July. Presentation of the award usually takes place in September. 



Theogenes

Theogenes was one of the greatest athletes in Ancient Greece. He was born in the city of Thasos on the island of the same name in the Aegean Sea in the early fifth century. He was a boxer and a pankrationiast. 

He had two victories at the Olympic Games. One was in boxing (480 BCE) and the other in the pankration (476). He won three times in boxing at the Pythian Games; nine times in boxing and once in the pankration at the Isthmian Games; and nine times in boxing at the Nemean Games. He also won the long distance race at Argos. He had 1300 other victories in lesser Games. 

It is certain that Theogenes was worshipped as a god in Thasos after his death. One of his enemies whipped his statue. It fell and crushed him to death. The people of Thasos threw the statue into the sea. It was stained with blood. The fields did not produce after this act. The people of Thasos pulled the statue from the sea and put it back in its place. Worship continued. Theogenes was said to heal diseases.


Cougar Town

Cougar Town is an American television sitcom. It was first on ABC on September 23, 2009. The show is set in Gulfhaven, Florida (nicknamed "Cougar Town" since its high school teams are the Cougars). The series focuses on a recently divorced woman in her forties. The star is Courteney Cox who plays Jules Cobb.

Kleomedes of Astypalia

Kleomedes of Astypalia was an Ancient Greek boxer, who had a successful boxing career all throughout the 5th century BC. However, in either the 71st or 72nd Olympic Games (496 or 492 BCE), using an illegal strike, he killed his opponent Ikos. Because of this offense, and not due to the murder of his opponent, which was not considered a punishable act, he was disqualified and heavily fined by the judges. 

Kleomedes mourned his loss greatly, because it put a stain on his record, consequently, while returning to his home town Astypalia, in a flash of Mania, he pulled out the pillar supporting a school roof, purportedly killing at least 27 children. The people attempted to stoned him to death, but he fled into a temple and climbed into a holy chest. When the people opened it, he was gone. His confused persuers consulted the oracle of delphi, which told the people that Kleomedes had become a hero. From that moment onwards he was commemorated with annual sacrifices in his honour.

His mythos is interpreted to comment on the nature of Rules.

Hermann Emil Fischer

Hermann Emil Fischer (9 October 1852 – 15 July 1919) was a German chemist who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1902.

Fischer was the founder of the chemistry of primary natural products: carbohydrates, purines and nucleosides, peptides and proteins. Amongst his many discoveries were the structure of carbohydrates, and he was the first to get synthetic peptides. He studied the active principles of tea, coffee and cocoa, namely, caffeine and theobromine.
Fischer also proposed the lock & key model of enzyme action.

Fischer was married to Agnes Gerlach in Feb. 1888, but she died seven years after their marriage. They had three sons, named Hermann Otto Laurenz Fischer (16. Dec. 1888 - 09. Mar. 1960) Walter (05. Jul. 1891 – 04. Nov. 1916) and Alfred (3. Oct. 1894 – 29. Mar. 1917). Alfred was killed in World War I, Walter committed suicide at the age of 25 as a result of compulsory military training. 

His eldest son Hermann Otto Laurenz Fischer, was Professor of Biochemistry in the University of California, Berkeley from 1948 until his death in 1960.

At the end, suffering from terminal cancer, he is thought to have committed suicide in 1919.

Emil Fischer is burried at Friedhof Wannsee, Lindenstraße and since 1956 named as grave of honor for extraordinary services or achievements in his lifetimes.

Samosa

Samosa is a popular snack originally from Central Asia. It further travelled, with the help of Muslim merchants of trade routes to Pakistan. It is famous in the Indian subcontinent as well as Southeast Asia, Central Asia, Southwest Asia, the Arabian Peninsula, the Mediterranean, the Horn of Africa, North Africa, as well as South Africa. 

It is generally prepared in the shape of a triangle, however, the shape and sizes tend to vary from region to region. It can be either baked or fried and has an outer hard crust made of plain flour. It usually has a filling of potatoes and spices. It is usually eaten with a spicy sauce called chutney. 

The English word "samosa" derives from Hindi/Urdu word ",traceable to the Middle Persian word () or Sagosha means (triangle), and has the meaning of the "triangular pastry".

The South Asian samosa has a Central Asian and/or Middle Eastern origin.

The samosa is prepared with an all-purpose flour (locally known as maida) and stuffed with a filling, often a mixture of diced and cooked or mashed boiled potato (preferably diced), onions, green peas, lentils, ginger, spices and green chili.Samosas generally are deep-fried to a golden brown in vegetable oil. They are served hot and consumed with ketchup or chutney (mint, coriander, or tamarind), or are served in "chaat", traditionally accompanied by yogurt, chutney, chopped onions, coriander, and "chaat masala". Shingaras may be eaten as a tea time snack. They can also be prepared in a sweet form. Bengali shingaras tend to be triangular, filled with potato, peas, onions, diced almonds, or other vegetables, and are more heavily fried and crunchier than either shingaras or their Indian samosa cousins. "Fulkopir shingara" (shingara filled with cauliflower mixture) is a popular variation. 

Samosa is also an appetiser in Iran and Pakistan.

It is commonly available in canteens, sweet shops and is also prepared at home.

Samosa can be vegetarian or non-vegetarian.

It is believed to have originated from the Central and West Asia. The word samosa originates from the Persian word sanbosag or Sagoshag means small triangle .

Miss May I

Miss May I is an American metal band from Troy, Ohio. Miss May I has five members in the band; the current band members are Levi Benton, Ryan Neff, Jerod Boyd, Justin Aufdemkampe and B.J. Stead.

The band was formed in 2006. They released an EP titled ""Vows for a Massacre"" which was later followed by a demo in 2008. They were signed to Rise Records after the release of their debut album, "Apologies Are for the Weak", on June 23, 2009. Their song "Forgive and Forget" appeared on the Saw VI: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack. Their song "Apologies Are for the Weak" which is the title track from the album of the same name was featured in the 2011 video game "". The band was announced to appear at the Warped Tour 2012 which started June 16, 2012 and ends on November 10, 2012.



So far as of 2012, Miss May I have released 3 albums:



UEFA Euro 2012 knockout stage

The knockout stage of the UEFA Euro 2012 began on June 21, 2012 and ended on July 1, 2012. Eight teams qualified, two from each group. Poland and the Ukraine failed to qualify for the knockout stage.

George Santayana

Jorge Agustín Nicolás Ruiz de Santayana y Borrás (December 16, 1863–September 26, 1952), also known as George Santayana, was a Spanish American academic, philosopher, essayist, poet, and novelist.

Santayana is known for his sayings, 

Santayana was born on December 16, 1863 in Madrid. He spent his early childhood in Ávila. 

He attended Harvard University, where he studied with William James and Josiah Royce. 

He earned a Ph.D. at Harvard in 1889. He also studied in Berlin and Cambridge.

Santayana taught philosophy at Harvard. Some of his students were T. S. Eliot, Robert Frost, Gertrude Stein, Walter Lippmann, and W. E. B. Du Bois. 

Santayana influenced many others, including Bertrand Russell.

In a summary based on writings by and about Santayana, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 1,040+ works in 2,980+ publications in 22 languages and 90,830+ library holdings.


Luigi Pirandello

Luigi Pirandello (Agrigento 28 June 1867 – Rome 10 December 1936) was an Italian playwright, novelist, and short story writer. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1934, for his "bold and brilliant renovation of the drama and the stage". Pirandello's works include novels, hundreds of short stories, and about 40 plays, some of which are written in Sicilian. Pirandello's tragic farces are often seen as forerunners for Theatre of the Absurd.


Al Harrington

Albert "Al" Harrington (born February 17, 1980 in Orange, New Jersey) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the NBA's Denver Nuggets. The forward stands six feet nine inches (2.06 m), and weighs 250 pounds (113 kg).

At only 18 years of age, Al was selected by the Indiana Pacers. He was the 25th pick of the 1998 NBA Draft. On July 15, 2004, Harrington was traded to the Atlanta Hawks for Stephen Jackson. After the 2005–06 NBA season he became a free agent. For the 2006–07 season he went with the Pacers again.

On January 17, 2007, Harrington was traded to the Golden State Warriors along with teammates Stephen Jackson, Šarūnas Jasikevičius, and Josh Powell for Troy Murphy, Mike Dunleavy, Ike Diogu, and Keith McLeod. On November 21, Harrington was traded to the New York Knicks for guard Jamal Crawford. On July 15, 2010, Al Harrington signed a contract with the Denver Nuggets 


Andrew Bogut

Andrew Michael Bogut (born November 28, 1984) is an Australian professional basketball player. He plays for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

He is 7 feet tall. He went to the University of Utah for college. Bogut was selected first overall by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 2005 NBA Draft. Bogut is the first Australian player to be drafted number one overall. He was also the second Utah player to be drafted number one overall.

On March 13, 2012, Bogut, along with Stephen Jackson, was traded to the Golden State Warriors in exchange for Monta Ellis, Ekpe Udoh and Kwame Brown.


Egyptian plover

The Egyptian plover is a wader. It is the only member of the genus "Pluvianus".

It is sometimes called the crocodile bird. This is because of a story dating to Herodotus. In the story the crocodiles lie on the shore with their mouths open. The plovers fly into the crocodiles' mouths to feed on bits of meat between the crocodiles' teeth. There is no evidence of this actually happening.

The Egyptian plover lives in tropical sub-Saharan Africa. It breeds on sandbars in large rivers. Its two or three eggs are buried in warm sand. It feeds by pecking for insects. The call is a high-pitched "krrr-krrr-krrr".


Clandestine cell system

A clandestine cell system is a way of organising a group of people so that it is kept secret. This is so the group are better able to resist infiltration or discovery by an enemy. If a person only knows the others in the person's cell, then they cannot betray the others outside of his or her cell, either accidentally, or under interrogation. The cell can range from a strict hierarchy of people to a team of people. It is used by spy agencies, criminal organisations and guerilla and terrorist groups.

Boston (card game)

Boston is a trick-taking card game played by 4 people. It is thought to have started in France in the 1770s. The game is similar to Whist. It is a strategy game. Each game takes about 25 minutes to play.

American Boston is a different way to play the game. It is for 4 players in two partnerships with 2 packs of 52 cards.


Paul Krugman

Paul Robin Krugman (born February 28, 1953) is an American economist and 2008 winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics.

Krugman was born in Albany, New York.

He was awarded B.A. in economics from Yale University in 1974.
He earned a Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1977.

From 1982 to 1983, he spent a year working at the Reagan White House as a staff member of the Council of Economic Advisers.

Krugman taught at Yale, MIT, University of California, and Stanford University. He is still teaching at the City University of New York, the London School of Economics, and Princeton University. He is also a columnist for "The New York Times".

The Nobel Prize in Economics was awarded to Krugman in 2008.

In a summary based on writings by and about Santayana, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 470+ works in 1,500+ publications in 24 languages and 44,600+ library holdings.



Boston Navy Yard

The Boston Navy Yard was one of the oldest shipbuilding places in the United States Navy. It was first called the Charlestown Navy Yard and later Boston Naval Shipyard. It was started in 1801. It was officially closed as an active naval yard on July 1, 1974. The USS "Constitution" is still docked there. The USS "Cassin Young", a World War II-era destroyer, is there and is a museum ship.


Gotye

Wouter "Wally" De Backer (born 21 May 1980), better known as Gotye (pronounced ), is a Belgian-Australian multi-instrumental musician and singer-songwriter.

Gotye's 2011 single "Somebody That I Used to Know" with Kimbra was Number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. He has won 12 ARIA Awards, three Grammys and a nomination for an MTV EMA for Best Asia and Pacific Act. 

Gotye is bilingual, speaking both Dutch and English, and also speaks some Japanese, which he studied at University.



Pick and roll

The pick and roll, also known as a ball screen or screen and roll, is a play in basketball. A player stops in front of a defender to block, then goes around and receives a pass from a teammate. In the NBA, the play started to be used in the 1990s. It is now used very often.

Moral hazard

Moral hazard is a term used in economics. Nobel laureate Paul Krugman explains moral hazard as "any situation in which one person makes the decision about how much risk to take, while someone else bears the cost if things go badly."

In other words, a "moral hazard" is a situation where the possible costs of a risky action are not borne by the one taking the risk. 

"Moral hazard" is a kind of reverse incentive (perverse incentive). 

The term "moral hazard" was first used in the 17th century. The "moral" in "moral hazard" was understood to mean "subjective". It was not used in a way that has anything to do with ethics.

In the 1960s, economists used the term to describe inefficiencies that occur because of information asymmetry. In economics, "moral hazard" as a special kind of market failure.



Tsukushi Province

, also known as , was a very old province of Japan, in the area of Chikuzen and Chikugo provinces. This province was located within Fukuoka Prefecture. 


Rate

Rate or rates may be:





Ann Rutherford

Therese Ann Rutherford (November 2, 1917 – June 11, 2012), known as Ann Rutherford, was a Canadian-American actress in television, radio and movies. She playied Polly Benedict during the 1930s and 1940s in the Andy Hardy series. She played Scarlett O'Hara's sister in the movie "Gone With the Wind" (1939).

Maurice Papon

Maurice Papon (September 3, 1910 – February 17, 2007) was a French civil servant. He led the police in major prefectures and in Paris during the Nazi Occupation of France and into the 1960s. In 1998 he was convicted of crimes against humanity. This was because he helped in making more than 1600 Jews move to concentration camps during World War II. He died of congestive heart failure.

Ashikaga shogunate

The , also known as the , was a feudal Japanese feudal military government. The heads of government were the shoguns. Each was a member of the Ashikaga clan.

These years are known as the Muromachi period. The period takes gets its name from the district in Kyoto where the Ashikaga shoguns lived.

In 1336, the Ashikaga Takauji and the Ashikaga clan established a military government in Kyoto.




Weiyang District

Weiyang District (, pinyin: Wèiyāng Qū) is in the north of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. Xianyang Municipality is to the west and north. Lianhu District and Xincheng District are to the south. Baqiao District is to the east. The name is from Weiyang Square. The district covers . As of November 2010, 806,811 people lived there.

Baqiao District

Baqiao District (, pinyin: Bàqiáo Qū) is a district in the eastern part of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. The main work there is spinning. Its name is from Ba River. It covers . As of November 2010, 595,124 people live there.

Dario Fo

Dario Fo (Sangiano 3 March 1926 – 13 October 2016) was an Italian playwright, theatre actor and composer. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1997. It highlighted him as a writer "who emulates the jesters of the Middle Ages in scourging authority and upholding the dignity of the downtrodden".

His plays often depend on improvisation, "Commedia dell'arte" style. Fo owned and operated a theatre company with his wife, actress Franca Rame. His most famous works are "Mistero buffo" and "Accidental Death of an Anarchist".

Fo died on 13 October 2016 at a hospital in Milan, Italy from a serious lung disease, aged 90.


Lianhu District

Lianhu District (, pinyin: Liánhú Qū, meaning Lotus lake District) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the center, a little northwest of Xi'an. Its name is from Lianhu park. The Xi'an government is also here. The district covers . As of November 2010, 698,513 people live there.

Perverse incentive

A perverse incentive is an incentive that creates an unplanned and unwanted result. The outcome is not helpful or contrary to the interests of the incentive makers. Perverse incentives are a type of unintended consequences.



Flounder

Flounders are a group of flatfish. The term is used for a number of flatfish who only related by being in the suborder Pleuronectoidei: (families Achiropsettidae, Bothidae, Pleuronectidae, Paralichthyidae, and Samaridae). It is a "form name", which means they are not necessarily "close" relations, they just look alike.

Flounders live at the bottom of coastal lagoons and estuaries of the Northern Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. When flounder are hatched they have one eye on each side of its head. As they grow one eye moves until they have both eyes on the same side of the head.

Industrial overfishing has reduced the population to one-tenth of its original size, and the individuals left are smaller. They rarely have the time to grow to full size.

Flounder feed at soft muddy areas of the sea bottom, near bridge piles, docks and coral reefs. They have been found at the bottom of the Mariana trench, the deepest known ocean canyon. Swiss scientist Jacques Piccard and US Navy Lt. Don Walsh reached a depth of . They were surprised to discover flounder about 30 cm long.

A flounder's food is mainly fish spawn, crustaceans, polychaetes and small fish. Flounder normally grow to a length of , and as large as . Their width is about half their length.

Flounders are highly camouflaged, often more so than these examples. But they are fished by bottom trawls which scrape them off the sea-bed into the net.

Flounder is a general term for many species.




Tecnológico de Antioquia

Tecnológico de Antioquia - University Institution (TdeA), also known as Tecnológico de Antioquia, is an institution of higher education in Colombia, located in the department of Antioquia, which offers technical training programs, technological, professional and advanced training university . Its headquarters are located in the city of Medellín.


Rossendale Valley

The Rossendale Valley (also called the "Forest of Rossendale") is an area North West England, in Lancashire. The area is in Rossendale. It is made up of the steep valleys of the River Irwell and its tributaries. These flow from the Pennines. They then go south into Greater Manchester. They cut through the open moorland. The area has a lot of these, even though a long time ago they were called "forests".

There are two Marilyns in the hills. These are Hail Storm Hill and Freeholds Top.

The geology of the area is layers of gritstone, coal and sand and gravel left behind by glaciers. These rocks were cut by rivers, the Irwell and its tributaries, to make steep valleys. These are 600 feet high. Woodland on the steep slopes includes remnants of ancient woodland but other areas are more recently planted.

The Rossendale Valley is recognised by the steep valley of the River Irwell and its tributaries. Textile mills and chimneys and gritstone houses are what most buildings are. Roads are mostly found in the narrow valley.

The valley was part of the medieval Forest of Rossendale. People living there in the Middle Ages would have been in "booths" or farmsteads and movement into the forest would have turned them into small hamlets.


Herc's Adventures

Herc's Adventures is a puzzle video game released for the PlayStation and the Sega Saturn by LucasArts Entertainment in 1997. While the PlayStation release was international, the Sega Saturn version was exclusive to North America.

Evolutionary grade

An evolutionary grade is a group of species at the same level of organisation.

It refers to a group of animals or plants which are very similar, but which are not a clade. They have a similar morphological or physiological complexity, and they are often adapted to the same way of life.

The term was coined by Julian Huxley, to contrast with clade, which is a strictly phylogenetic unit. The use of 'grade' as a term in biology was strongly supported by Ernst Mayr, who also pointed out that the term had been used for some time before cladism.

An evolutionary grade is a group of species united by similarities. These similarities led to their being given a name. But now to be a clade, the whole group from the first known member to the present day must be included.

The most commonly cited example is that of reptiles. In the early 19th century, tetrapods were put in the four familiar classes of amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals. In this system, reptiles are defined by traits such as laying cleidoic eggs, having skin covered in scales or scutes, and having a 'cold-blooded' metabolism.

However, we now know that amphibia gave rise to early egg-laying amniotes. These gave rise to sauropsids (the ancestors of reptiles and birds) and synapsids (the ancestors of mammals. 'Reptile' is just a common term for those sauropsids which survived to the present day, minus the birds. As an everyday word, everyone understands it. But as a modern "scientific" term, it is no longer good, and is less used.

Paraphyletic and polyphyletic taxa often represent evolutionary grades. In some cases paraphyletic taxa are united simply by not being part of any other groups, and give rise to so-called wastebasket taxa.


Flag of Belgium

The national flag of Belgium has three equal vertical bands of black, yellow, and red. The colours were taken from the colours of the Duchy of Brabant.

Kumaso Province

Komaso is part of the tale of Yamato Takeru which is recorded in the "Kojiki." The history of Komaso started and ended before the Taihō Code was established at the beginning of the 8th century.



Coat of arms of Belgium

The coat of arms of Belgium has a lion as its charge. It is called the Leo Belgicus, Latin for the Belgian lion. The colors used are red, yellow and black, the same as on the flag. The motto is "Unity makes strength".

Unity makes strength

"Unity makes strength" (, ; ; ) is the national motto of Belgium. It was also taken on by Bulgaria and Haiti.

The motto was first used in 1550. It came from the Latin phrase "concordia res parvae crescunt" (small states flourish by concord). The new Dutch Republic took over the phrase as its motto. It was on several of its coins and coats of arms. 

The French were in the Netherlands from 1795 to 1813, first as the Batavian Republic then the Kingdom of Holland. Early on the national motto was changed to "Gelykheid, Vryheid, Broederschap" (Equality, Liberty, Fraternity). From 1802 to 1810 'Unity makes strength' was used again. In 1816, it switched to the House of Orange motto 'Je maintiendrai'.

The motto was chosen by the Republic of Haiti after the revolution and subsequent independence of the slaves of the French colony of Saint-Domingue in 1803. The newly created state of Haiti became officially independent on January 1st,1804 following the capitulation of the French troops at the Battle of Vertieres of November 18,1803. The coat of arms of the republic of Haiti carries the french version of the motto "L'Union fait la force". The Republic of Haiti is often referred to as the world's First Black Republic.

The motto was used by Belgium after its Revolution of 1830. It was first only in its French form "L'union fait la force".

The motto of Brooklyn, a borough of New York City started by Dutch settlers, is still "Eendraght maeckt maght". The motto "Eendragt maakt magt" also appears on the badge of the police force of Holland, Michigan.

After Ferdinand of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha took over the throne of the Principality of Bulgaria, the country started to use Belgium's motto of "L'union fait la force" (in Bulgarian: Съединението прави силата). Although "Unity makes strength" meet in various projects on the coat of arms of Bulgaria in the post-liberation years, it officially became part of it only in 1927. After 1948, the motto dropped from the new Dimitrov Constitution, but remained on the facade of the National Assembly. Following the changes in 1989 and the adoption of a new Constitution of Bulgaria in 1991, the motto has been restored.

On 17 January 1852 the United Kingdom, ruler of the Cape Colony, made the South African Republic free. "Eendragt maakt magt" was the motto on the new state's shield. In 1888 the republic decided Dutch was its official language.

An early design of the coat of arms used between 1948 and 1963 used a variation of the motto, "Unity is Strength". It was in both English and Jawi. After three more states were added into the federation in 1963, the English motto of the arms was replaced by a rough Malay translation, "Bersekutu Bertambah Mutu" (literally "Unity Improves Quality"). The Jawi motto remained unchanged.

Belgians

Belgians are people from the Kingdom of Belgium, a federal state in Western Europe.


Monarchy of Belgium

Monarchy in Belgium is constitutional and popular in nature. The monarch is the head of state. The Monarch is officially called King of the Belgians. The current leader is Philippe I. Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha was the first King of the Belgians. To date all have belonged to the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

This is a list of Belgian monarchs since 1831.

Prime Minister of Belgium

This is a list of prime ministers of Belgium.

Belgian Federal Parliament

The Belgian Federal Parliament is a bicameral parliament. It has the Chamber of Representatives and the Senate. It sits in the Palace of the Nation.

The number of seats in the Chamber is 150. They are elected from 11 districts. The districts are divided along linguistic lines: 5 Flemish (79 seats), 5 Walloon (49 seats), and the bilingual district of Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde (22 seats). 

To be elected a person must be at least 21 years old, have Belgium citizenship, and live in Belgium.

Till the general elections of 2014, the Senate had 71 members. There were four categories of senators: directly elected senators, community senators, co-opted senators and senators by right. Co-opted senators were 10 representatives elected by the first two groups of senators. Senators by right were the children of the current monarch.

Since 2014, the Senate has 60 members. There are only two categories of senators: community senators (50) and co-opted senators (10).

Eligibility requirements for the Senate are the same as for the Chamber.

AFC U-23 Asian Cup

The AFC U-23 Asian Cup is a football competition between the best international under-23 teams in Asia. It is ran by the Asian Football Confederation. The teams are selected based on good performances in the qualification matches.

The competition format in the 2013 tournament is:


The host country will be rotated by regions: the region for the first tournament will be decided by draw.

Francesco Maria Piave

Francesco Maria Piave (18 May 1810 – 5 March 1876) was an Italian writer. He wrote the librettos (the story and words) for many operas. He is most famous for the librettos he wrote for operas composed by Giuseppe Verdi.

Piave was born in Murano, an island in Venice. At first, he studied to be a Catholic priest. He stopped studying to be a priest and went to Rome. In Rome, he studied philosophy and writing. He wrote poems and stories for newspapers but he is most famous for his opera librettos. He wrote more than 60 librettos. The first one was for Giovanni Pacini's opera, ' in 1842. In 1844, he wrote the libretto for Verdi's opera "Ernani". Piave and Verdi became very good friends, For twenty years, they wrote many letters to each other. Piave wrote nine more opera librettos for Verdi. The last libretto he wrote for him was '.

Piave also worked as a stage director (someone who decides how plays and operas are performed). He worked as a stage director for the Teatro La Fenice in Venice. Later (1859), he worked as a stage director at La Scala in Milan. In 1867, Piave had a stroke (a problem in the brain caused by lack of blood). He lived for eight more years, but he could not move or speak. Verdi gave money to help Piave's wife and family. In 1876, Piave died in Milan. Verdi paid for his funeral.



Chang'an District, Xi'an

Chang'an District (, pinyin:Cháng'ān Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the south part of Xi'an. Yanta District and Xianyang Municipality are to the north. Shangluo Municipality and Ankang Municipality are to the north. Lantian County is to the east. Huyi District is to the west. The southeast part of Chang'an District is higher than northwest part. From north to south is , from east to west is . The district covers . As of November 2010, 1,083,285 people lived there.

On June 2, 2002. Chang'an County was renamed to Chang'an District.

Yanliang District

Yanliang District (, pinyin:Yánliáng Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. Its name is shortened from "Luyan Liangshan" (闾阎良善, meaning "good for living place"). It is in northeast of Xi'an, and from the center of Xi'an. Weinan Municipality is to the east and north. Xianyang Municipality is to the west. Lintong District is to the south. It is famous for making airplanes. It is far from center of Xi'an, but its economy is good. The district covers . As of November 2010, 278,604 people lived there.

Video game collecting

Video game collecting is the hobby of collecting video games and related things. It may be connected with animation, movies or comic books collecting. Collectors may focus on collecting some type of things, such as retro consoles. Collecting video games differs from other hobbies, because the collectible is interactive. So it can be enjoyed as long as it still functions. Nostalgia plays a large role, as those who grew up with a certain generation of games may have stronger appreciation for them.


Alexis Reich

John Mark Karr (born December 11, 1964), also known as Alexis Reich, is an American man who, in 2006, falsely confessed to the murder of JonBenét Ramsey. He was formerly a school teacher.

Prägraten am Großvenediger

Prägraten am Großvenediger is a village in the district of Lienz in Tyrol in Austria. More than 1,300 People live there. Most of the 180,36 km² large area is mountainous.

Toyo Province

The history of the province started and ended before the Taihō Code was established at the beginning of the 8th century.

According to the "Nihongi", the Aka clan was established in Toyo during the reign of Emperor Ankan.



Aristarkh Lentulov

Aristarkh Lentulov (4 January 1882 15 April 1943) was a major Russian avant-garde artist who also worked on set designs for the theatre. His work shows strong influences of fauvism and cubism.
Aristarkh Lentulov was born in Penza Oblast, 625 kilometers (388 mi) southeast of Moscow, into the family of a country priest. He studied art in the Penza and Kiev art schools from 1897 to 1905. Then he went to the private studio of Dmitry Kardovsky in St Petersburg in 1906. 

He lived in Moscow from 1909, and he was one of the founders of the avant-garde Jack of Diamonds group. 

From 1910 to 1911 Lentulov studied at the Le Fauconnier studio and the La Palette Academy in Paris. While there, he met contemporary French painters such as Albert Gleizes, Jean Metzinger, Fernand Léger and Robert Delaunay. He took in the fauvists' and cubists' principles, and developed his own colourful style of painting. Later, after his return to Russia in 1912, he became a big influence on what became Russian futurism. Wassily Kandinsky and Kazimir Malevich were both influenced by him. 

From pre-revolutionary times, Lentulov was actively involved in various theatrical projects. He designed sets for the Kamerny Theatre 1916) and for a production of Scriabin's "Prometheus" in the Bolshoi Theatre in 1919.

In 1928 Lentulov entered into the Society of Moscow artists, and became chairman of the Society. He also started teaching at the Russian State Art and Technical School.

Lentulov died in Moscow and is buried in the Vagankovo Cemetery.



Curve (album)

Curve is the eighth studio album by Canadian alternative rock band, Our Lady Peace. "Curve" was released on April 3, 2012. Canadian heavyweight boxer George Chuvalo is featured on the cover of the album and vocal excerpts from him are also featured on the album's final track "Mettle". The band started recording the album six months after the release of their seventh studio album, "Burn Burn". "Curve" debuted at #9 on the Canadian Albums Chart.

Wimbledon (movie)

Wimbledon is a 2004 British romantic comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Richard Loncraine. It stars Paul Bettany as Peter Colt and Kirsten Dunst as Lizzie Bradbury. They are tennis players who meet at the Wimbledon Championships at which they are both competing. Sam Neill plays Lizzie's father Dennis Bradbury.


Forest Whitaker

Forest Steven Whitaker (born July 15, 1961) is an American actor, producer, and director. He has been known to study characters for movies like "Bird" and "", and for playing Jon Kavanaugh on "The Shield". Whitaker won an Academy Award for playing Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in the 2006 film "The Last King of Scotland". Whitaker has also won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA.

Wimbledon

Wimbledon may refer to:


Chelsea

Chelsea may refer to:


David Vamplew

David Vamplew (born 1 September 1987, Fife, Scotland) is a professional poker player. He has earned nearly 3 million dollars in tournaments, with over 4 million total career earnings. Vamplew lives in Edinburgh, Scotland. He got a degree in maths from Edinburgh University in 2009.

The first time he won money in a professional tournament was for 106th-place finish in the 2010 World Series of Poker. He earned $2,500. He won the championship of the European Poker Tour in London, 2010. For this win, he earned $1.400,00. The next day, he won the UK & Ireland Poker Tour "Champion of Champions" title.

In the 2013 World Series of Poker, he came 2nd for $342,450 in event 2, losing heads-up to Trevor Pope, 16th in event 45 for $7,697, and 2nd in event 53 for $413,157 losing again heads-up to Brett Shaffer.


Rikkokushi

, also romanized Rokkokushi, is a general term for Japan's six earliest national histories. These six books chronicle the mythology and history of Japan from the earliest times to AD 887. 

The six histories were written at the Imperial court during the eighth and ninth centuries. These works include



Belgian Revolution

The Belgian Revolution was the secession of the Southern provinces from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. It made an independent Kingdom of Belgium.

The people of the southern part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands were mostly Roman Catholic and the elite was French-speaking. They did not like the Protestant King William I's rule, or that he had revoked certain special privileges granted to the Catholic Church.

On August 25, 1830 riots started in Brussels and shops were looted. There was an opera playing about liberty of the fatherland, and the theater-goers joined the rioters. The King sent troops to stop the riots.

A battle took place in Brussels. The French came to support the breakaway province of Belgium. Belgium won the battle and became an independent country. Leopold I was made "King of the Belgians" in 1831. It took until 1839 for the Dutch to say Belgium was independent. They signed the Treaty of London.

United Kingdom of the Netherlands

The United Kingdom of the Netherlands (1815–1839) is the unofficial name used for the Kingdom of the Netherlands. This was after it was first made from part of the First French Empire and before the new Kingdom of Belgium split off from it in 1830. Most of it is still today the Kingdom of the Netherlands. It was made up of the former Dutch Republic to the north, the former Austrian Netherlands to the south, and the former Prince-Bishopric of Liège. The House of Orange-Nassau were the monarchs.Also unites Benelux.

The United Kingdom of the Netherlands ended after the 1831 Belgian Revolution. William I, King of the Netherlands did not recognize a Belgian state until 1839. He was made to sign the Treaty of London. Only at this time were borders agreed.In the treaty was sad it that Belgium was neutral. 

Alan McDonald

Alan McDonald (Belfast, 12 October 1963 – Lisburn, 23 June 2012) was a Northern Irish footballer and manager. He played in the Northern Ireland national football team, and scored one goal, against Denmark. He died suddenly on 23 June 2012.

Glentoran

Game Oriented Assembly Lisp

Game Oriented Assembly Lisp (or GOAL) is a video game programming language developed by Andy Gavin and Naughty Dog. It was written using Allegro Common Lisp and used in the development of "Jak and Daxter" series of games.

GOAL's first use was for the "" game. Earlier, the Game Oriented Object Lisp (GOOL) was also developed by Andy Gavin for "Crash Bandicoot" game.

Treaty of London (1839)

The Treaty of London of 1839 was a treaty signed on 19 April 1839 between the European great powers, the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Kingdom of Belgium. It is also known as the First Treaty of London, the Convention of 1839, and the London Treaty of Separation.

This treaty was needed because the Netherlan no sign the 1831 'Treaty of the XXIV Articles'. This treaty said that Belgium was its own country. It confirmed the independence of the German speaking part of Luxembourg. The most important part of the treaty was that Belgium should always be neutral. Also, those who signed the treaty would have to protect Belgium if it was attacked.

The treaty is said to be a part of the cause of World War I. When the German Empire invaded Belgium in August 1914, the UK (the United Kingdom) declared war only days later on 4th August. All in all there were many countries declaring war on each other.

Telephone numbers in Belgium

International call prefix: 00
Trunk prefix: 0

A telephone number in Belgium is nine or ten digits dialed on a telephone to make a call. Belgium is under a closed telephone numbering plan. It keeps the trunk code, '0', for all national dialling. 

Area codes in Belgium are one or two digits long. All Belgian telephone numbers dialed in Belgium must use the leading '0' trunk code. 

From outside Belgium, a caller would dial their international call prefix (typically 00 in Europe and 011 in North America), followed by 32 (the country code for Belgium), then the area code minus the trunk code '0', and finally the local number.

Mobile/GSM area codes always begin with 04xx and the subscriber number is six digits long. 


Spyro

Spyro may refer to:


Solo concerto

The solo concerto is a concerto that includes a single soloist, with accompaniment from the entire orchestra. It originated in the Baroque period, and remained throughout the years to be popular among many composers. Although it is not true for many solo concerti, it could be said that the genre typically has three movements, the first and the last being fast-paced and lively, broken up by a more lyrical, slower second movement.

Giuseppe Torelli was one of the first composers to write solo concerti, written in 1698; however Vivaldi could be credited to making the three-movement form as typical of this genre. Later, Handel wrote many solo concerti for different types of soloist, as before then they had mainly been only for violin.

The Classical period then used solo concerti to great effect, and developed to make the solos more virtuosic. Many of Beethoven’s and Mozart’s more famous works were solo concerti.

The early Romantic period had many solo concerti, written by well-known composers such as Mendelssohn, and were not too different from those of the classical era. However, later in this period, the solos became even more virtuosic, meaning that only brilliant players could ever play them. Along with this, the structures and textures became denser, helped by the excessive size that was commonplace during the era.

Finally, 20th century music carried on the rich works of the Romantic era. However, when neoclassic genres came about, many classical-style solo concerti were written once again.

Phidias

Phidias, or Pheidias (about 480430 BC) was a Greek sculptor, painter and architect. His statue of Zeus at Olympia was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. 

He also designed the statues of the goddess Athena on the Acropolis. These were the "Athena Parthenos" inside the Parthenon and the "Athena Promachos", a bronze statue of Athena near the entrance to the Acropolis. 

Phidias was twice accused of stealing some of the costly materials he used. He was accused of taking some of the ivory for the Athena Parthenos; and at Olympia, of stealing some of the gold for Zeus' cloak. A false witness against Phidias testified. Phidias died in prison. Today, most critics and historians consider him one of the greatest of ancient Greek sculptors.

Gallia Belgica

Gallia Belgica, which means "Belgian Gaul" in Latin, was a Roman province. Different parts of it are in several countries today, including Belgium, Luxembourg, a big part of northern France, and part of the Rhineland in Germany, which is the part of Germany west of the Rhine River.

The people who lived in Gallia Belgica were called the Belgae. They were a group of tribes within the bigger country called Gaul, which covered all of modern France. According to Julius Caesar, the Belgae were different from the other Gauls. He said that the border between Belgica and the main Celtic part of Gaul was the Marne and the Seine rivers and that the border with Germania was the Rhine river. It is no longer certain what language or languages were spoken in Gallia Belgica, but historians know there was an influence of both Celtic and Germanic languages.

The area was conquered in 57 BC by Julius Caesar. Emperor Diocletian changed the Gaulish provinces around 300 AD. He split Belgica into two provinces: Belgica Prima and Belgica Secunda. Belgica Prima had Treveri (Trier) as its main city and was the eastern part. The border between Belgica Prima and Belgica Secunda was along the River Meuse.

In 406 AD, the Vandals, Burgundians and other tribes crossed the Rhine. They defeated the Gaulish forces. Belgica Secunda became in the 5th century the center of Clovis' Merovingian kingdom and during the 8th century the heart of the Carolingian Empire.

Belgae

The Belgae were a group of tribes living in northern Gaul. They were on the west bank of the Rhine, in the 3rd century BC. Later they were also in Britain, and possibly even Ireland. They gave their name to the Roman province of Gallia Belgica, and very much later, to the modern country of Belgium.

The Belgae came to Britain as raiders and settled in southern Britain shortly before the Romans came. They occupied the area later called Hampshire.

Carolingian Empire

Carolingian Empire (800–888) is a historiographical term for the realm of the Franks under the Carolingian dynasty in the Early Middle Ages. This dynasty is seen as the predecessor of modern-day France, Austria and Germany. Its beginning date is based on the crowning of Charlemagne, or Charles the Great, and ends with the death of his descendant Charles the Fat. This Empire can be seen as the later history of the Frankish Realm or the early history of France and of the Holy Roman Empire. they also ruled under absolute power and killed many Catholics

2013 AFC U-22 Championship

The 2013 AFC U-22 Championship is a football tournament for players under the age of 22. It was held in 11 - 26 January IN 2014. All the Asian under-22 football teams can compete. 


Middle Francia

Middle Francia was a Frankish kingdom formed by the Treaty of Verdun in 843. It divided the Carolingian Empire among the sons of Louis the Pious. Between the realms of East and West Francia, Middle Francia was the Frankish territory between the rivers Rhine and Scheldt.

Middle Francia was the part of the Frankish Empire that fell to Lothair I. He was the eldest son and successor of Emperor Louis the Pious. Because of Lothair's Imperial title, Middle Francia had the imperial cities of Aachen, the residence of Charlemagne, as well as Rome.

In 855, Emperor Lothair I again split his realm amongst his sons. He gave the Kingdom of Italy with Rome to his eldest son, Louis II the Younger, crowned emperor since 850. Most of the lands north of the Alps went to Lothair II. Provence and Burgundy went to Charles.

Unlike East and West Francia, Middle Francia was a kingdom only a short time. Over the next centuries its lands were added into the Holy Roman Empire.

West Francia

West Francia, also known as the West Frankish Kingdom or Francia Occidentalis, was a short-lived kingdom. It was the lands of the western part of the Carolingian Empire. They came under the control of Charlemagne's grandson, Charles the Bald, as a result of the Treaty of Verdun of 843.

The Frankish Empire was the great realm united by Charlemagne that was a large part of Western Europe. It was split after a three-year-long civil war between his grandsons (840-843). Charles the Bald and his half-brother Louis the German went against his brother Lothair I.

The Carolingian Empire of the Franks founded by their grandfather lasted only one generation through their father Louis the Pious. His realm was split into East Francia, West Francia or the Western Realm, and Middle Francia. The West Frankish Kingdom is the start of both medieval France and modern France.

In 987 Hugh Capet, Duke of France and Count of Paris, started the Capetian dynasty. The Valois and Bourbon houses ruled France for more than 800 years.

Timeline of Burgundian and Habsburg acquisitions in the Low Countries

Around the 13th and early 14th century, many Dutch cities became important. They played a major role in the political and economical affairs of their fiefs.

The Flemish cities gained powers over their county. When Louis II, Count of Flanders, died without a male heir, these cities (Bruges, Ypres and Ghent) arranged a marriage between his daughter and the Duke of Burgundy. By doing this, they set in motion events that led to the Burgundian and, in 1478, the Habsburg Netherlands.




Politically the Burgundian and Habsburg periods were very important to the Dutch. This is because the various Dutch fiefs were now united politically into one single group. The period ended in great turmoil. There was the rise of Protestantism, the policies of the Habsburg Empire, and other factors resulted in the Dutch Revolt and the Eighty Years' War.

Burgundian Netherlands

In the history of the Low Countries, the Burgundian Netherlands means a number of Imperial and French fiefs. These were ruled in personal union by the House of Valois-Burgundy and their Habsburg heirs in the period from 1384 to 1482. The area was large parts of present-day Belgium and the Netherlands, as well as Luxembourg and parts of northern France.

The Burgundian dukes who ruled the Netherlandish territories were:

House of Valois, territorial Dukes of Burgundy

House of Valois, titular Duchess of Burgundy

House of Habsburg, titular Dukes of Burgundy (see Habsburg Netherlands)

Lovelace

Lovelace is a surname.


Dutch Republic

The Dutch Republic, officially known as the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands, the Republic of the United Netherlands, or the Republic of the Seven United Provinces, was a republic in Europe. It was a confederacy of provinces that existed from 1581 to 1795. It started when seven northern provinces of the Spanish Netherlands joined together to fight for independence. It ended when Napoleon set up the Batavian Republic, which later became the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the modern Netherlands (now part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands). Alternative names include the United Provinces, Federated Belgic Provinces, and Belgic Federation.

Although it was called a republic, its Stadtholder became a heredity dynasty.

Southern Netherlands

The Southern Netherlands, also called the Catholic Netherlands, were part of the Low Countries. They were controlled by Spain (1556–1714), Austria (1714–94) and added into France (1794–1815). This area was most of modern Belgium, the Imperial Abbey of Stavelot-Malmedy, the County of Bouillon and Luxembourg, and in addition some parts of the Netherlands, as well as, until 1678, most of the present Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in northern France. The Southern Netherlands were part of the Holy Roman Empire until it was added to France.

The northern seven provinces, led by Holland and Zeeland, started their independence as the United Provinces after 1581. The southern Netherlands were reconquered by the Spanish general Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma. The Southern Netherlands passed to the Austrian Habsburgs after the War of the Spanish Succession in the early 18th century. After the French Revolutionary Wars they were joined with the northern Netherlands. They were made a single kingdom under the House of Orange at the 1815 Congress of Vienna. The south-eastern third of Luxembourg Province was made into Luxembourg. In 1830 the mostly Roman Catholic southern half became independent as the Kingdom of Belgium.

Habsburg Spain

Habsburg Spain means the history of Spain over the 16th and 17th centuries (1506–1700). This was when Spain was ruled by the major branch of the Habsburg dynasty. Under Habsburg rule (mostly under Charles I and Philip II), Spain reached the height of its influence and power. The Hapsburgs had land including the Americas; the East Indies in Asia; the Low Countries, territories now in France and Germany in Europe. From 1580 to 1640 they had the Portuguese Empire; and various other lands such as small enclaves like Ceuta and Oran in North Africa. Habsburg Spain was, for well over a century, the world's greatest power. For this reason, this period of Spanish history has also been called the "Age of Expansion."

With the Habsburgs, Spain was one of the greatest political and military powers in Europe and the world for much of the 16th and 17th centuries. During the Habsburg's period, Spain ushered in the Spanish Golden Age of arts and literature producing some of the world's most outstanding writers and painters and influential intellectuals, including Teresa of Ávila, Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Miguel de Cervantes, Francisco de Quevedo, Diego Velázquez, El Greco, Domingo de Soto, Francisco Suárez and Francisco de Vitoria.

Spain or "the Spains", referring to Spanish territories across different continents in this period, initially covered the entire Iberian peninsula, including the kingdoms of Aragon, Castile, León, Navarre and, from 1580, Portugal.

The marriage of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon in 1469 resulted in the union of the two main crowns, Castile and Aragon, which eventually led to the de facto unification of Spain, after the culmination of the "Reconquista" with the conquest of Granada in 1492 and of Navarre in 1512-1529. Isabella and Ferdinand were bestowed the title of "Catholic King and Queen" by Pope Alexander VI in 1494, and the term "Monarchia Catholica" (Catholic Monarchy, Modern Spanish: "Monarquía Católica") remained in use for the monarchy under the Spanish Habsburgs. The Habsburgers period is formative of the notion of "Spain" in the sense that was institutionalized in the 18th century.

Spain as a unified state came into being "de jure" after the Nueva Planta decrees of 1707 that succeeded the multiple crowns of its former realms. After the death in 1700 of Spain's last Habsburg king Charles II, the resulting War of the Spanish Succession led to the ascension of Philip V of the Bourbon dynasty and began a new centralizing state formation.

Among the most outstanding figures of this period were Diego Velázquez, El Greco, Miguel de Cervantes, Teresa of Ávila, Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Francisco de Vitoria, Domingo de Soto and Francisco Suárez.

Campaigns of 1794 in the French Revolutionary Wars

The French Revolutionary Wars continued from 1793 with few changes. France fought the First coalition.

In the Alps, there was little change. The French invasion of Piedmont failed. On the Spanish border, the French under General Dugommier came from their defensive positions at Bayonne and Perpignan, to move the Spanish out of Roussillon. They invaded Catalonia. Dugommier was killed in the Battle of the Black Mountain in November.
On the northern front in the Flanders Campaign, the Austrians and French both prepared in Belgium. The Austrians went towards Mons and Maubeuge. The French got ready on multiple fronts. There were two armies in Flanders under Pichegru and Moreau. Jourdan attacked from the German border. The French had damage in the Kortrijk, Tourcoing and Fleurus in June. The French armies drove the Austrians, British, and Dutch beyond the Rhine. Then they moved into Belgium, the Rhineland, and southern Holland.

On the middle Rhine front in July General Michaud's Army of the Rhine tried two offensives in July. This sector of the front was largely quiet over the course of the year.

At sea, the French Atlantic Fleet was able to hold off a British attempt to stop an important cereal convoy from the United States. In the Caribbean, the British fleet landed in Martinique in February, and in 

By the end of the year French armies had won victories on all fronts. 

French First Republic

The French First Republic was formed on 22 September 1792, by the newly made National Convention. The First Republic lasted until the First French Empire in 1804 under Napoleon I. This time is characterized by the fall of the monarchy, the making of the National Convention and the infamous Reign of Terror, the founding of the Directory and the Thermidorian Reaction, and finally, the making of the Consulate and Napoleon’s rise to power.

First French Empire

The First French Empire, also known as the Greater French Empire or Napoleonic Empire, was the empire of Napoleon I of France. It was the main power of most of continental Europe during the early 19th century.

Napoleon became Emperor of the French on 18 May 1804. He was crowned Emperor on 2 December 1804. This ended the time of the French Consulate. He won early military victories in the War of the Third Coalition against Austria, Prussia, Russia, Portugal, and allied nations. The Treaty of Tilsit in July 1807 ended two years of bloodshed on the European continent.

The next wars, known as the Napoleonic Wars, grew France over much of Western Europe and into Poland. At its biggest in 1812, the French Empire had 130 départements, ruled over 90 million people, and had a large military in Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Duchy of Warsaw. The introduction of the Napoleonic Code through the continent increased legal equality, made jury systems, and legalized divorce. Napoleon placed relatives on the thrones of several European countries. He gave many noble titles, most of which went away after the empire fell.

Napoleon abdicated in 11 April 1814. The Empire was briefly brought back during the Hundred Days period in 1815 until Napoleon's defeat at the Battle of Waterloo. It was followed by the Bourbon Restoration monarchy of the House of Bourbon. Louis XVIII of France became the new ruler.

Leopold I of Belgium

Leopold I ("Leopold George Christian Frederick"; "Prince of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld", later "Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha", "Duke of Saxony"; 16 December 1790 – 10 December 1865) was from 21 July 1831 the first King of the Belgians. This was following Belgium's independence from the Netherlands. He was the founder of the Belgian line of the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. His children included Leopold II of Belgium and Empress Carlota of Mexico. He was also an uncle of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.

He was born in Coburg and died in Laeken.


Railway Station Bananal

The Railway Station Bananal building is a historical and tourist city Bananal, São Paulo State, Brazil. Built in 1888, is the only specimen of steel construction the Belgium in the Americas.

Guy Ritchie

Guy Stuart Ritchie (born 10 September 1968) is a British director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Hatfield, Hertfordshire.

Ritchie's films are: "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels", "Snatch", "Swept Away", "Revolver", "RocknRolla", "Sherlock Holmes" and "".

Ritchie had a son with Madonna in August 2000. They were married from December 2000 until they divorced in December 2008. He lives with model Jacqui Ainsley (born 1981). The couple have a son, who was born in September 2011. 

Berlin Conference

The Berlin Conference (or "Congo Conference") of 1884–85 made rules for European colonization and trade in Africa. It was called for by Portugal and organized by Otto von Bismarck. The conference met during the Scramble for Africa, a time with more colonial activity by European powers. Africans were not invited. It ended most existing forms of African autonomy and self-governance, assuring that the European powers would not have to fight among themselves for dominance.

The General Act fixed the following points:






By 1902, 90% of all the land that makes up Africa was under European control.

Kinokawa, Wakayama

The city was founded on November 11, 2005. The towns of Kishigawa, Kokawa, Momoyama, Naga and Uchita all combined to form the city.

Kokawa Temple (Kokawa-ji) is a popular sightseeing spot in Kinokawa.

Kishi Station in the city has a cat as the stationmaster named Tama. Tama is a calico cat.



Ruanda-Urundi

Ruanda-Urundi was a part of German East Africa. Belgian troops invaded during World War I. The military occupation lasted from 1916 to 1924 when the territory came under Belgian rule. In 1964 it became the independent states of Rwanda and Burundi.



Districts of Prussia

Prussian districts were administrative units in the former Kingdom of Prussia. They were part of the German Empire from 1871 to 1918, and its successor state, the Free State of Prussia. They were similar to a county or a shire. They were made from 1815 to 1818 to be between the higher provinces and the lower municipal governments. They served as a model for the present-day districts of Germany

Eupen-Malmedy

Eupen-Malmedy, or the East Cantons is a group of cantons in Belgium. They are the former Prussian districts of Malmedy and Eupen, together with the Neutral Moresnet. French-speaking Belgians also once called them the "Redeemed Cantons". These territories were added to Belgium in 1920 by the Versailles Treaty.

German invasion of Belgium (1940)

The Battle of Belgium or Belgian Campaign was part of the greater Battle of France. This was an offensive campaign by Germany during the Second World War. It took place over 18 days in May 1940. It ended with the German occupation of Belgium following the surrender of the Belgian Army.

The Allied Armies tried to stop the German Army in Belgium. They thought it was the main German attack. After the French had fully committed the best of the Allied Armies to Belgium between 10 and 12 May, the Germans went towards the English Channel. The German Army reached the Channel after five days. They encircling the Allied Armies. The Germans forced the Allies back to the sea. The Belgian Army surrendered on 28 May 1940, ending the battle.

The Battle of Belgium included the first tank battle of the war. It was the largest tank battle in history up to that date. The battle also included the Battle of Fort Eben-Emael, the first strategic airborne operation using paratroopers.

Belgium was occupied by the Germans until the winter of 1944–1945. It was freed by the Western Alliance.

Leopold III of Belgium

Leopold III (born as "Léopold Philippe Charles Albert Meinrad Hubertus Marie Miguel"; 3 November 1901 25 September 1983) was King of the Belgians from 1934 until 1951. He left the throne and his son Baudouin became King.

Leopold III went to the throne of Belgium on 23 February 1934 following the death of his father, King Albert I.

Crown Prince Leopold fought as a private during World War I while still a teenager. He was sent by his father to Eton College in the United Kingdom, in 1915. After the war, in 1919, he went to St. Anthony Seminary in Santa Barbara, California. He married Princess Astrid of Sweden in Stockholm on 4 November 1926.

On 29 August 1935, the King and Queen were driving along the winding, narrow roads near their villa at Küssnacht am Rigi, Schwyz, Switzerland on the shores of Lake Lucerne. Leopold lost control of the car which plunged into the lake, killing Queen Astrid and her unborn fourth child.

Leopold married Lilian Baels on 11 September 1941 in a secret, religious ceremony. It was not valid under Belgian law.

In 1944, Heinrich Himmler ordered Leopold deported to Germany. Princess Liliane followed the next day under an SS armed guard. The Nazis held the family in a fort at Hirschstein in Saxony from June 1944 to March 1945, and then at Strobl, Austria.

Leopold was freed by the United States in early May 1945. Because of the controversy about his conduct during the war, Leopold III and his wife and children were unable to return to Belgium. They spent the next six years in exile at Pregny-Chambésy near Geneva, Switzerland. A regency under his brother Prince Charles had been made by the Legislature in 1944.

On his return to Belgium in 1950, Leopold was met with one of the most violent strikes in the history of Belgium. The country stood on the edge of civil war. Belgian banners were replaced by Walloon flags in Liège and other municipalities of Wallonia. To avoid tearing the country apart, and to keep the monarchy, Leopold decided on 1 August 1950 to withdraw in favour of his 20-year-old son Baudouin.

In retirement, he followed his passion as an amateur social anthropologist and entomologist and travelled the world. He went, for instance, to Senegal and he explored the Orinoco and the Amazon with Heinrich Harrer.

Leopold died in 1983 at Woluwe-Saint-Lambert.

Seventeen Provinces

The Seventeen Provinces were a personal union of states in the Low Countries in the 15th century and 16th century. The lands were about the same as the current Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, a good part of the North of France (Artois, French Flanders), and a small part of Western Germany.

The Seventeen Provinces were first held by the Dukes of Burgundy of the House of Valois. Later they were held by the Habsburgs. From 1512 the Provinces formed the major part of the Burgundian Circle.

The map matches to the following provinces:


It was not always the same "Seventeen" Provinces.

Prince-Bishopric of Liège

The Bishopric of Liège or Prince-Bishopric of Liège was a state of the Holy Roman Empire in the Low Countries in present Belgium. It got its status as a prince-bishopric between 980 and 985. Bishop Notger became Prince-Bishop after he received secular control of the County of Huy from the emperor .

The Prince-Bishopric belonged from 1500 on to the Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle. It was headed by the Prince-Bishop of Liège. Its land included most of the present Belgian provinces of Liège and Limburg, and some exclaves in other parts of Belgium and the Netherlands. The capital was Liège. It was added into France in 1795.

Egide Charles Gustave Wappers

Egide Charles Gustave, Baron Wappers (23 August 1803 Antwerp – 6 December 1874 Paris), better known as Gustave Wappers, was a Belgian painter.

He studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, and during 1826 in Paris. The Romantic movement with its new ideas about art and politics was happening in France. Wappers was the first Belgian artist to use this form. His first painting, "The Devotion of the Burgomaster of Leiden," appeared at the right time. It had much success in the Brussels Salon during 1830, the year of the Belgian Revolution.
Wappers was invited to the court at Brussels. In 1832 the city of Antwerp made him Professor of Painting.

He showed his masterpiece, "Episode of the Belgian Revolution of 1830" at the Antwerp Salon in 1834. He was then made painter to Leopold, King of the Belgians. At the death of Matthieu-Ignace Van Brée in 1839 he was raised to director of the Antwerp Academy. One of his students was Ford Madox Brown, another was the Czech history painter Karel Javůrek.

He has many works. Some of them in traditional devotional modes, while others show the Romantic view of history.

After retiring as director of the Antwerp Academy, he lived in 1853 in Paris. He died in 1873.

Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium

The Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium is one of the most famous museums in Belgium.

The museums are in the capital of Brussels in the downtown area on the Coudenberg. There are four museums. Two of them, the Museum of Ancient Art and the Museum of Modern Art, Brussels, are in the main building. The other two, the Constantin Meunier Museum and the Antoine Wiertz Museum, are dedicated to specific Belgian artists. They are much smaller and are a few kilometers from the city center.

The Royal Museum has over 20,000 drawings, sculptures, and paintings, which date from the early 15th century to the present. The museum has a large collection of Flemish painting, among them paintings by Bruegel and Rogier van der Weyden, Robert Campin, Anthony van Dyck, and Jacob Jordaens. The museum is also proud of its "Rubens Room", which houses more than 20 paintings by the artist.

The main building, which now houses the "Museum of Ancient Art", was built as the Palais des Beaux-Arts. It was designed by Belgian architect Alphonse Balat and paid for by King Leopold II. The building was completed in 1887. 


Capuchin monkey

Capuchin monkeys are a subfamily of New World monkeys, the Cebinae. They are native to Central and South America. There are only two genera: "Cebus" and "Sepajus". "Cebus" has the gracile capuchins, and "Sepajus" has the robust capuchins.

Capuchin monkeys are active during the day and generally live and travel through trees.

Capuchin monkeys live in Central America and South America. They make their home in trees, traveling during the day and sleeping in the trees at night.

Capuchins live in groups of 10 to 40 members. These groups consist of related females and their offspring, as well as several males. Usually groups are dominated by a single male. The Capuchins in a group will groom each other and vocalize to communicate. The Capuchin group will be protective of its territory, marking a central area of their territory with urine and defending it against intruders.

Females bear young every two years following a 160 to 180 day gestation. The young cling to their mother's chest until they are larger, when they move to her back a Capuchin Monkey takes 18 - 24 months to grow into an adult. Adult male capuchins rarely take part in caring for the young. Within four years for females and eight years for males, juveniles become fully mature. In captivity, individual capuchins have reached an age of 45 years, although life expectancy in nature is only 15 to 25 years.

Capuchins are the most intelligent New World monkeys. The tufted capuchin uses tools in a similar way to chimpanzees. It is one of the few examples of primate tool use other than by apes.

When they see macaws eating palm nuts, cracking them open with their beaks, capuchins select a few of the ripest fruits. They nip off the tip of the fruit and drink down the juice, then seemingly discard the rest of the fruit with the nut inside. When these discarded fruits are hardened and brittle, the capuchins gather them up. Then they take them to a large flat boulder where they already have a few stones from a river. They use these stones to crack open the fruit to get to the nut inside. Young capuchins watch this process to learn from the more experienced adults. It may take a capuchin up to eight years to master this skill.

During the mosquito season, they crush millipedes and rub the result on their backs. This acts as a natural insect repellent.

One experiment suggest they can distinguish between seeing and knowing, but this is not entirely accepted.

Capuchin monkeys can be recognized as the "organ grinder" or "greyhound jockey" monkeys. Capuchins are sometimes kept as exotic pets. Sometimes they plunder fields and crops and are seen as troublesome by nearby human populations. In some regions they have become rare due to the destruction of their habitat.

They are also used as service animals, sometimes being called "nature's butlers." Some organizations have been training capuchin monkeys to assist quadriplegics as monkey helpers in a manner similar to mobility assistance dogs. After being socialized in a human home as infants, the monkeys undergo extensive training before being placed with a quadriplegic. Around the house, the monkeys help out by doing tasks including microwaving food, washing the quadriplegic's face, and opening drink bottles.

Capuchin monkeys are the most common featured monkeys in the movies "Outbreak", "" (and its sequels), "Zookeeper", "George of the Jungle", and "The Hangover Part II". Ross Geller (David Schwimmer) on the NBC sitcom "Friends" had a capuchin monkey named Marcel. Crystal the Monkey is the famous monkey actress.

The diet of the capuchins is more varied than other 'New World' monkeys such as spider monkeys. They are omnivores, eating not only fruits, nuts, seeds, and buds, but also insects, spiders, birds' eggs, and small vertebrates. Capuchins living near water will also eat crabs and shellfish by cracking their shells with stones.

Capuchins are darkly black or brown except for the face, throat and chest, that are white coloured. They reach a length of 30 to 56 cm (12–22 in), with tails that are just as long as the body.

Capuchin monkeys have long naps during the day. Also they socialize in small groups up to 10 to 40 members.


Lintong District

Lingtong District (, pinyin:Líntóng Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in east of Xi'an, and about from the center of Xi'an. Weinan Municipality is to the east. Gaoling District, Baqiao District and Xianyang Municipality are to the west. Lantian County is to the south. Yanliang District is to the north. The district covers . As of November 2010, 655,874 people lived there.

Long ago it called Yueyang (栎阳). Firstly, Lingtong District called Lingtong County, and belong to Weinan Municipality. Then it was given to Xi'an. In 1988, it renamed to Lingtong District.

Lingtong is famous for tours, there are many monuments. It's also important for Xi'an, in military.

Regional lockout

Regional lockout is something used to prevent the playing of media for device, sold in another country. It can be programming practice, code, chip, or physical barrier. Regional lockout may be used in movies, video games and computer printers. The DVD, Blu-ray Disc, and UMD media formats all support the use of region coding


10NES

The 10NES system is a lock-out system. It was designed for North American and European versions of the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console. It is used to prevent pirated games and games from other regions to be played, but various companies found ways to bypass the authorization chip.


Wastebasket taxon

A wastebasket taxon is a term used by biologists for a taxon which has organisms that do not fit anywhere else. 

Species or groups are put in the wastebasket taxon when they do not fit into one of the regular taxa. Regular taxa are supposed to be monophyletic. By definition, wastebasket taxa are either paraphyletic or polyphyletic. Their name may still be very useful to biologists, because its members may be an important evolutionary grade. Antelopes are a group which is ecologically very important, and have many similar features. However, they are not monophyletic. Species are called 'antelopes' if they look like one.

Invertebrates are often called the "everything-else" category, meaning all animals without backbones. Little-known fossil groups are sometimes later found to be wastebasket taxa. The crocodile-like Triassic group Rauisuchia is an example. 

Loosely related animals often look rather alike. This is because they adapt to similar environments. This leads to convergent evolution.

Thomas Brisbane

Sir Thomas Makdougall Brisbane (July 23, 1773 – January 27, 1860) was the sixth Governor of New South Wales. Brisbane was very interested in astronomy and brought two assistant astronomers to Australia with him. When he went back to England, he left his books, telescopes and other equipment behind as gift, and these were the beginnings of the Sydney Observatory.

The Brisbane River was named after Sir Thomas, and the capital city of Queensland, takes its name from the river.

Lexington, North Carolina

Lexington is a city in the state of North Carolina, United States. It is near the larger city of Winston-Salem. As of 2020, 19,632 people live in the city.

People from Europe first moved to the area in 1775. The town is named after the city of Lexington, Massachusetts, where the first battle of the American Revolutionary War happened. Lexington became a city in 1828. Until the late 1990s, Lexington's economy was based on textile and furniture manufacturing. Since then, most local manufacturers have moved their production facilities to Asia and Mexico to reduce costs. This caused most textile and furniture factories to close, creating economic difficulties in the area.

The oldest remaining house in Lexington is "The Homestead", built by Dr. William Rainey Holt (1798–1868), a physician born in Alamance County. Dr. Holt was the President of the North Carolina Agricultural Society and was one of the first to introduce purebred livestock to North Carolina.

Lexington calls itself the "Barbecue Capital of the World". Starting in 1984, the city has the Lexington Barbecue Festival each year, one of the largest street festivals in North Carolina. In 2012, the US News and World Report ranked Lexington as #4 on its list of the best cities for barbecue. Lexington-style barbecue is made with pork shoulder cooked slowly over a hardwood fire, usually hickory wood. It is served with a sauce made with vinegar, ketchup, water, salt, pepper and other spices. There are many different way to make this sauce, mild, tangy, sweet or spicy.

"Pigs in the City" is a public art display managed by Uptown Lexington, Inc., a non-profit organization that has the goal of increasing the usage of the downtown area of Lexington. "Pigs in the City" began in 2003 and 40,000 visitors from all over the state came to see the event in the first year. Since 2006, the event has been held every year. There are usually 20 or more of these statues on display during the event. Companies pay $1,000 each to sponsor one of the pigs, which pays for the event.

High Rock Lake is the second largest lake in North Carolina and located near Lexington. Its water surface covers and there are of shoreline. It begins where the Yadkin River and the South Yadkin River come together. High Rock Lake has long been considered one of the best fishing lakes of North Carolina. There have been a number of national fishing tournaments held at the lake, such as Bassmaster Tournaments, like the Bassmaster Classic in 1994, 1995, 1997 and 2007. The lake has large numbers of fish, including channel, blue, and flathead catfish, plus crappie and several different sunfish such as bluegill, shellcracker and others. Striper and their hybrids as well as white bass are also abundant. The lake is best known for its quantity and quality of largemouth bass.

The Bob Timberlake Gallery is in Lexington. It opened in 1997, and features original artwork, reproductions, personal memorabilia, as well as home furnishings from the artist Bob Timberlake.

Lexington is in the Piedmont. It is centered at 35°49'0" North, 80°15'31" West (35.816768, -80.258643), in the valley of the Yadkin River. Lexington is northeast of High Rock Lake, part of the Yadkin-Pee Dee chain of lakes in central North Carolina.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , which is all land.

It is bordered to the north and west by Interstate 85 Business, to the south and east by Interstate 85. Both interstates come together just southwest of the city. Additionally, 4 U.S. Highway Routes, U.S. Route 29, U.S. Route 64, U.S. Route 52, U.S. Route 70 and state highways NC Highway 8 and NC Highway 47 intersect the city.

Thunderstorms are common during the spring and summer months, including some severe storms. Being in central North Carolina, between the Appalachian Mountains and the Mid-Atlantic coast, Lexington has a humid subtropical climate, with moderate temperatures during spring and autumn and warm to hot summers. Winters are relatively mild and wet with highs typically in the 40s to 50s and overnight lows averaging just below freezing.

As of the census of 2020, there were 19,632 people in the city, organized into 7,832 households. This represents a population increase of 701 persons, or 3.7%, when compared to the 2010 census. The median age is 39.2 years for all persons (37.7 for females, 40.6 for males).

Of the total population, 19.2% are at least 65 years old, 22.0% are under the age of 18, with the remaining 58.8% of the population being from 18 to 64. Males comprise 47.9% and females make up 52.1% of the total population. Whites (non-Latino) make up 46.3% of the total population, African-Americans (non-Latino) make up 27.6%, Hispanics or Latinos make up 17.6%, and Asians represent 3.0% of the population. 4.3% of the population identifies itself as "Two or more races", non-Latino. Other races each represent less than 1% each of the total population.

Of the total 7,832 households, 4,685 are considered "Family households", and 2,338 have children under 18. The average household size is 2.51 persons. There are 8,906 total housing units, of which the 7,832 are households, for an occupancy rate of 87.9%. Of these households, 45.1% are owner-occupied, while 54.9% are renters.

As of 2022, the median (middle) income for a household in the city was $36,868, and the median income for a family was $41,044. The per capita income for the city was $19,595. 17.3% of families and 21.0% of the population are below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 31.6% of those under the age of 18 and 11.8% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line. The global outsourcing of textile and furniture manufacturing has damaged Lexington's economy.



The Brown Bunny

The Brown Bunny is an explicit 2003 drama movie. It stars Vincent Gallo and Chloë Sevigny. Gallo wrote, produced and directed it. It was unrated when released but is extremely similar to an NC-17. It was controversial at the time of its release.



Andreas Vesalius

Andreas Vesalius (31 December 1514 – 15 October 1564) was a Flemish anatomist, physician, and author. He wrote one of the most influential books on human anatomy, "De humani corporis fabrica" ("On the Fabric of the Human Body"). Vesalius is often called the founder of modern human anatomy. Vesalius is the Latinized form of Andries van Wesel. He is sometimes also called Andreas Vesal, André Vesalio and Andre Vesale.

Anatomies had been published before, but those of Vesalius were in a different class. They were based on actual dissections of human bodies (after death). And the drawings were artwork of the highest class. 

Dissections of cadavers (dead human bodies) was forbidden for many centuries, and this limited previous work on anatomy. Before Vesalius, most information about the human body came from Galen. By dissecting human bodies, Vesalius showed that many of the things Galen wrote about were wrong. Galen was primarily misinformed about the human heart, liver and lower jaw bone. It was found that Galen's work was based on Barbary apes, but he also dissected pigs, which led to even more inaccurate observations.

Vesalius was invited to be the Imperial physician of Emperor Charles V. After the abdication of Emperor Charles V he continued at court in great favour with the Emperor's son Philip II.

Rembert Dodoens

Rembert Dodoens (29 June 1517 – 10 March 1585) was a Flemish physician and botanist. He is also known by his Latinized name Rembertus Dodonaeus.

Dodoens was born in Mechelen. In 1530 he began his studies in medicine, cosmography and geography at the University of Leuven. He graduated in 1535. He became a physician in Mechelen in 1538. He married Kathelijne De Bruyn(e) in 1539. He had a short stay in Basel (1542–1546). He turned down a chair at the University of Leuven in 1557. He also turned down an offer to become court physician of emperor Philip II of Spain. He became the court physician of the Austrian emperor Rudolph II in Vienna (1575–1578). He then became professor in medicine at the University of Leiden in 1582, and remained there until his death.

Dodoens wrote "Cruydeboeck" in 1554. In his times, it was the most translated book after the Bible. It became a work of worldwide renown, used as a reference book for two centuries.

The plant genus "Dodonaea" was named after him by Carolus Linnaeus.

Unintended consequences

Unintended consequences are the surprising results of an action or decision.

When an outcome is not anticipated or foreseen, the situation at the end of a process may be different from what was intended. In other words, purposeful action may create consequences which are 

This concept is one of the building blocks of economics. The term was coined and popularised in the 20th century. Its use has expanded into a range of contexts.

The idea of unintended consequences dates back at least to the 18th century when Adam Smith wrote about men who are "led by an invisible hand to promote an end which was no part of his invention".

American sociologist Robert K. Merton invented the phrase in 1936.

There are three types of unintended consequences:

Possible causes of unanticipated consequences include





There are examples and kinds of unanticipated consequences:




Cheaper travel, mostly in the form of air transport, is hugely beneficial to the economy by increasing tourism into a country. It accounts for 30% of the world's trade of services, and 6% of overall exports of goods and services. It also creates opportunities for employment in the services needed for tourism.

With increased tourism comes a variety of unlooked-for problems, such as increased illegal immigration. Perhaps even more serious is that returning tourists may bring back parasites and diseases which are not usual in the home country. Furthermore, many of these organisms are now resistant to most treatment.


Good Will Hunting

Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama movie directed by Gus Van Sant, written by Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, and stars Robin Williams, Damon (who played Will Hunting), Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård and Minnie Driver. Filming in Boston, Massachusetts. it was released on December 5, 1997.


San Miguel River (Ecuador)

San Miguel River is a river in Ecuador and Peru. It forms an international border between the two countries.


Mock the Week

Mock the Week is a British topical celebrity comedy panel game. It was created by Dan Patterson and Mark Leveson. It is presented by Dara Ó Briain. It began on 5 June 2005 and is shown BBC Two. Two teams of three celebrities compete to answer questions about events during the past week. Its current regular panel member is comedian Hugh Dennis. Comedians Chris Addison, Rory Bremner, Frankie Boyle, Russell Howard and Andy Parsons previously served as regular panel members.


Quasi-War

The Quasi-War was an undeclared naval war fought between the United States and the French Republic between 1798 and 1801.

The road to hell is paved with good intentions

The road to hell is paved with good intentions is an idiom or proverb. It is about the difference between what someone intends to do and the outcome of their actions. In other words, the consequences of one's actions can be awful and tragic instead of the good intentions that lead one to do them. This can be the result of poor planning.

In the mid-12th century, Bernard of Clairvaux wrote, ""L'enfer est plein de bonnes volontés et désirs"" (hell is full of good wishes and desires). The sentence has been repeated many times in other languages and contexts.

In 1775, Samuel Johnson commented on "the unhappy failure of resolves" when he is reported saying, "Sir, hell is paved with good intentions." 



Heckler &amp; Koch G11

G11 is a German assault rifle. It was invented by Heckler & Koch in the years between 1968 and 1990. It is able to shoot in semi automatic, or single shot, 3 round burst, or full auto. The magazine held 45 or 50 of the 4,73mm caseless rounds. The German army (Bundeswehr) and the US Army tested the weapon but they didn't want it because it was too expensive after the Cold War. So it stayed to be a prototype and never got into mass production.

Rate of fire

Rate of fire is how fast a weapon can fire or launch its projectiles. It is usually measured in rounds per minute (RPM or round/min), or per second (RPS or round/s). Pistols usually have a very slow RPM, which large machine guns may get up to 1000 RPM. The "M61 Vulcan", a gatling-gun, could fire around 6000 RPM in tests.

The Death of Socrates (painting)

The Death of Socrates () is a 1787 oil on canvas painting by the French painter Jacques-Louis David.

It shows the death of Greek philosopher Socrates. He was sentenced to die by drinking hemlock. He was sentenced to die because his ideas were against those of Athens. It was also for corrupting the minds of the youth. The painting also shows both Crito and Plato. Crito is sitting sadly at the edge of the bed. Plato is holding the knee of Socrates. Socrates had the choice to go into exile or be sentenced to death by drinking hemlock. Socrates chose death. In this painting, a red-robed disciple hands a confident Socrates the goblet of hemlock. Socrates' hand pointing to the heavens is his love of the gods and fearless attitude to his death.

This painting is currently at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.


Ernest Solvay

Ernest Gaston Joseph Solvay (16 April 1838 – 26 May 1922) was a Belgian chemist, industrialist, politician and philanthropist.

In 1861, he made the ammonia-soda process to make soda ash. The process was an improvement over the earlier Leblanc process.

He founded the company Solvay & Cie. The first factory was at Couillet in 1863. Soon, Solvay process plants were in the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany and Austria. Today, about 70 Solvay process plants are still working worldwide.

In 1903, he founded the Solvay Business School which is part of the Free University of Brussels.

He elected two times to the Belgian Senate. He was Minister of State at the end of his life. Solvay, New York and Rosignano Solvay, the locations of the first Solvay process plants in the United States and in Italy, are named after him.

Solvay died at Ixelles.

Simon Stevin

Simon Stevin (1548/49 – 1620) was a Flemish mathematician and military engineer. He translated many mathematical terms into Dutch. 

Stevin was born in Bruges, Flanders (now Belgium) around the year 1548. It is thought that Simon was a Calvinist. Very little has been recorded about his life. It is known that he left a widow with two children.

In Bruges there is a Simon Stevin Square which has his statue by Eugène Simonis.

Zenobe Gramme

Zénobe Théophile Gramme (4 April 1826, Amay – 20 January 1901) was a Belgian electrical engineer. He invented the Gramme machine. 

The Gramme machine was a type of direct current dynamo. It made smoother (less AC) and much higher voltages than other dynamos.

Gramme machine

A Gramme machine, Gramme ring, Gramme magneto, or Gramme dynamo is an electrical generator that makes direct current. It is named for its Belgian inventor, Zénobe Gramme. It was the first generator to make enough power for industry. Gramme showed this machine to the Academy of Sciences in Paris in 1871.

Russell Brand's Ponderland

Russell Brand's Ponderland is a British comedy television programme. It is presented by Russell Brand and was first shown on Channel 4 in 2007 and 2008. Brand talks about a different topic in each episode, showing clips of archive footage and commenting on them. 

Bakelite

Bakelite, or polyoxybenzylmethylenglycolanhydride, is an early plastic. It is a thermosetting phenol formaldehyde resin, formed from an elimination reaction of phenol with formaldehyde. It was made in 1907 by Belgian chemist Leo Baekeland.

Bakelite was used for its electrically nonconductivity and heat-resistant properties in electrical insulators, radio and telephone casings. It was also in products as kitchenware, jewelry, pipe stems, and children's toys.

Phil Esposito

Philip Anthony Esposito, OC (born February 20, 1942 ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks, Boston Bruins and New York Rangers. He is an Honoured Member of the Hockey Hall of Fame. It is said he is one of the best players in the National Hockey League. Phil is the older brother of Tony Esposito. Tony is a goaltender and he is also a Hall-of-Famer.

After retiring as a player, Esposito was head coach and general manager for the New York Rangers. Then he started the Tampa Bay Lightning. He worked for the NHL on Fox from 1995 to 1998. He is now Tampa Bay's radio announcer.

Leo Baekeland

Leo Hendrik Baekeland (Ghent , November 14, 1863 – February 23, 1944) was a Belgian chemist. He invented Velox photographic paper (1893). He also made Bakelite (1907), an inexpensive, nonflammable, versatile, and popular plastic, which marks the beginning of the modern plastics industry.

Treaty of Paris (1763)

The Treaty of Paris, often called the Peace of Paris, or the Treaty of 1763, was signed on 10 February 1763, by the Kingdoms of Great Britain, France and Spain, with Portugal in agreement. It ended the Seven Years' War, which is known as the French and Indian War in North America. The British won the war against France and Spain.

The treaty gave control of the northern part of North America in what is now Canada to Britain. France was left with only two small islands, Saint-Pierre and Miquelon, for its cod fishery. 

The treaty started an era of British power outside Europe. The treaty did not include either Prussia or Austria, which signed the separate Treaty of Hubertusburg five days later.

Chemical database

A chemical database is a database specifically designed to store chemical information. This information is about chemical and crystal structures, spectra, reactions and syntheses, and thermophysical data.

Chemical structures are usually shown using lines (that indicate chemical bonds between atoms) and drawn on paper. Computer search algorithm and storage cannot use this method. Small molecules or ligands, are usually represented using lists of atoms and their connections. Large molecules like protein are shown using their building blocks, amino acids and the order of these.

Large chemical databases for structures allow users to store and search for millions of molecules. Therefore, they take up terabytes of memory.

Chemical literature connect structures or properties of chemicals to academic papers or patents related to them. Examples of this type are STN, Scifinder, and Reaxys.

Crystallography databases store x-ray crystal structure data. Common examples include Protein Data Bank, Cambridge Structural Database, and COD+ Database .

NMR spectroscopy databases provide information to relate structure and NMR data. They have information on FTIR and mass spectrometry which help in characterization.

Most chemical databases store information on stable molecules. In some databases, information about reaction intermediates and temporarily created products are also stored. Reaction databases contain information about products, educts, and reaction mechanisms. 

Thermophysical data are information about

Lantian County

Lantian County (, pinyin:Lántián Xiàn) is a county of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the southeast part of Xi'an. Qinling Mountains is south of it. It covers . As of November 2010, 514,026 people lived there. It is famous for Lantian jade. Its main work is agriculture and tourism.

Jamshedpur

Jamshedpur is a city of the Indian state of Jharkhand. It has the most people of any city in Jharkhand. According to the 2011 census of India, the Jamshedpur has a population of 1,337,131. The city was founded by the late Jamshedji Nusserwanji Tata. It is also called "Steel City", "TataNagar" or simply "Tata".

It is on the Chota Nagpur plateau and is surrounded by the picturesque Dalma Hills. The city is bordered by the rivers Subarnarekha and Kharkai on the north and west parts of the city.

The largest factory is that of Tata Steel. It is almost at the center of the city. Tata Steel is the largest iron and steel producing plant in India, as well as the oldest. The other major factory in the city is Tata Motors. They make heavy vehicles and construction/earth moving equipment.

Jamshedpur has a high literacy rate, close to the highest in India. The Steel City has 183 schools and 13 colleges.


Sean Young

Sean Young (born November 20, 1959) is an American actress. She had many roles in 1980s movies. Young was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

George's Secret Key to the Universe

George's Secret Key to the Universe is a children's book written by Stephen Hawking, his daughter Lucy Hawking and his research student Christophe Galfard. It was written to explain the universe and the laws of physics to children, in the form of an adventure story. It was published in 2007. There are another three books in the series, "George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt" (2009), "George and the Big Bang" (2010), and "George and the Unbreakable Code" (2014).


Fast Times at Ridgemont High

Fast Times at Ridgemont High is a 1982 American coming-of-age teen comedy movie. It was written by Cameron Crowe, directed by Amy Heckerling, produced by Irving Azoff and Art Linson. It is set in and around a high school in Southern California and follows several students over the course of a year. It stars Sean Penn, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Judge Reinhold, Phoebe Cates, Brian Backer, Robert Romanus, Ray Walston, Forest Whitaker, Nicolas Cage and Anthony Edwards.

Aspergillus

Aspergillus is a large genus of fungi in the phylum Ascomycota. There are several hundred species or types, some of which are important to medicine, science and industry. It grows as a mould, often on plants. The fungi make asexual spores in a structure called an "aspergillum". About one third of types also have sexual reproduction.

"Aspergillus" species are highly aerobic and are found in almost all oxygen-rich environments. They are common contaminants of starchy foods (such as bread and potatoes), and grow in or on many plants and trees.

Species of "Aspergillus" are important medically and commercially. Some species can cause infection in humans and other animals. More than 60 "Aspergillus" species are medically relevant pathogens. For humans there is a range of diseases such as infection to the external ear, skin lesions, and ulcers classed as mycetomas.


Widya Saputra

Widyaningrum Surya Nugraha (called Widya, born at Cimahi, Indonesia, February 26, 1985) is a television host from Indonesia. She is best known as a sporting event host at television station Trans7, especially for MotoGP and football events.

She started her career as a child when in 1993 she become vocalist at Trio Laris group, then in 1998 she began a career in television as host at Kring Olala at TPI. In 2001 she become host for Musiq at TVRI, and even had the opportunity to become an actress at Putri Keempat television’s serial at RCTI in 2003.

She become MotoGP’s host in 2006 season and continues today. Widya is a communication sciences scholar from UNPAD, Bandung.

Her hobby is reading and she loves cats.


Atomic physics

Atomic physics is the field of physics that studies atoms as an isolated system of electrons and an atomic nucleus. It is primarily concerned with the arrangement of electrons around the nucleus and
the processes by which these arrangements change. This includes ions as well as neutral atoms and, unless otherwise stated, for the purposes of this discussion it should be assumed that the term "atom" includes ions.

The term "atomic physics" is often associated with nuclear power and nuclear bombs, due to the synonymous use of "atomic" and "nuclear" in standard English. However, physicists distinguish between atomic physics — which deals with the atom as a system consisting of a nucleus and electrons — and nuclear physics, which considers atomic nuclei alone.

As with many scientific fields, strict delineation can be highly contrived and atomic physics is often considered in the wider context of "atomic, molecular, and optical physics". Physics research groups are usually so classified.

Atomic physics always considers atoms in isolation. Atomic models will consist of a single nucleus that may be surrounded by one or more bound electrons. It is not concerned with the formation of molecules (although much of the physics is identical), nor does it examine atoms in a solid state as condensed matter. It is concerned with processes such as ionization and excitation by photons or collisions with atomic particles.

While modelling atoms in isolation may not seem realistic, if one considers atoms in a gas or plasma then the time-scales for atom-atom interactions are huge in comparison to the atomic processes that are generally considered. This means that the individual atoms can be treated as if each were in isolation, as the vast majority of the time they are. By this consideration atomic physics provides the underlying theory in plasma physics and atmospheric physics, even though both deal with very large numbers of atoms.

Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus. These are naturally in a ground state but can be excited
by the absorption of energy from light (photons), magnetic fields, or interaction with a colliding particle (typically other electrons).

Electrons that populate a shell are said to be in a bound state. The energy necessary to remove an electron from its shell (taking it to infinity) is called the binding energy. Any quantity of energy absorbed by the electron in excess of this amount is converted to kinetic energy according to the conservation of energy. The atom is said to have undergone the process of ionization.

In the event the electron absorbs a quantity of energy less than the binding energy, it will transition to an excited state. After a statistically sufficient quantity of time, an electron in an excited state will undergo a transition to a lower state. The change in energy between the two energy levels must be accounted for (conservation of energy). In a neutral atom, the system will emit a photon of the difference in energy. However, if the excited atom has been previously ionized, in particular if one of its inner shell electrons has been removed, a phenomenon known as the Auger effect may take place where the quantity of energy is transferred to one of the bound electrons causing it to go into the continuum. This allows one to multiply ionize an atom with a single photon.

There are rather strict selection rules as to the electronic configurations that can be reached by excitation by light—however there are no such rules for excitation by collision processes.

The majority of fields in physics can be divided between theoretical work and experimental work,
and atomic physics is no exception. It is usually the case, but not always, that progress goes
in alternate cycles from an experimental observation, through to a theoretical explanation
followed by some predictions that may or may not be confirmed by experiment, and so on. Of course, the current state of technology at any given time can put limitations on what can be achieved experimentally and theoretically so it may take considerable time for theory to be refined.

One of the earliest steps towards atomic physics was the recognition that matter was composed
of "atoms", in the modern sense of the basic unit of a chemical element. This theory was developed by the British chemist and physicist John Dalton in the 18th century. At this stage, it wasn't clear what atoms were although they could be described and classified by their properties (in bulk) in a periodic table.

The true beginning of atomic physics is marked by the discovery of spectral lines and attempts to describe the phenomenon, most notably by Joseph von Fraunhofer. The study of these lines led to the Bohr atom model and to the birth of quantum mechanics. In seeking to explain atomic spectra an entirely new mathematical model of matter was revealed. As far as atoms and their electron shells were concerned, not only did this yield a better overall description, i.e. the atomic orbital model, but it also provided a new theoretical basis for chemistry
(quantum chemistry) and spectroscopy.

Since the Second World War, both theoretical and experimental fields have advanced at a rapid pace. This can be attributed to progress in computing technology, which has allowed larger and more sophisticated models of atomic structure and associated collision processes. Similar technological advances in accelerators, detectors, magnetic field generation and lasers have greatly assisted experimental work.






San Mateo, California

San Mateo ( ; Spanish for "Saint Matthew") is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States, in the San Francisco Bay Area. With a population of about 100,000 (105,661 at the 2020 census), it is one of the larger suburbs on the San Francisco Peninsula, located between Burlingame to the north, Foster City to the east, Belmont to the south, and Highlands-Baywood Park and Hillsborough to the west. San Mateo was incorporated in 1864.

Alioramus

Alioramus is a genus of tyrannosaurid dinosaur. It was about 20 feet long. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous period in what is now Mongolia.

The type species, "A. remotus", is known from a partial skull and three foot bones. They were got from Mongolian sediments which were deposited in a humid floodplain about 70 million years ago. A second species, "A. altai", known from a much more complete skeleton, was named and described in 2009. Its relationships to other tyrannosaurid genera are unclear. Some evidence suggests that "Alioramus" is closely related to the contemporary species "Tarbosaurus bataar".

The Maastrichtian stage in Mongolia had a wetter and more humid climate than the previous stages. Sediments show there were floodplains, large river channels and soil deposits, with periodic droughts.

This animal had many teeth, which were smaller than usual in the Tyrannosauridae, and a narrow, lower skull. It may have been a sub-adult (teenager), and must have eaten different prey than "Tyrannosaurus". Since the general area was a riverine delta, the prey may have been fish.

Walking with Dinosaurs

Walking with Dinosaurs is a 1999 nature documentary series produced by the BBC. It shows how Dinosaurs lived. The first episode, "New Blood", follows a "Coelophysis" trying to survive the dry season. The next, "Time of the Titans", shows a baby "Diplodocus" growing up. The third, "A Cruel Sea", follows a flock of "Rhamphorynchus" trying to avoid deadly storms. The fourth, "King of the Skies", follows a sick male "Ornithocheirus" migrating to Spain. The fifth, "Spirits of the Frozen Forest", follows a baby "Leaellynasaura" avoiding a hungry Koolasuchus (a 4-meter salamander). The last one, "Last of the Dino Dynasty", follows a female "Tyrannosaurus" who has already to mated and needs to take care of her babies in a world that is about to end as the Kt extinction nears by day in an already struggling volcanic world. There is also a 2013 film with the same name, a sequel called "Walking with Beasts" and a prequel called "Walking with Monsters".

Ornithocheirus

Ornithocheirus was a crested pterosaur that lived during the late Jurassic period. There was an ornithocheirus in "Walking with Dinosaurs".

Tylosaurus

Tylosaurus was an Upper Cretaceous mosasaur. It was a large, predatory marine lizard closely related to modern monitor lizards and to snakes. 

In 1918, Charles H. Sternberg found a "Tylosaurus" with the remains of a plesiosaur in its stomach. The specimen is mounted in the United States National Museum (Smithsonian). The plesiosaur remains are stored in the collections. 

Although these important specimens were briefly reported by C.H. Sternberg in 1922, the information was lost to science until 2001. The specimen was rediscovered and described by Everhart. It is the basis for the story line in the new (2007) National Geographic IMAX movie - "Sea Monsters".

Charlotte Gainsbourg

Charlotte Gainsbourg (born 21 July 1971) is an Anglo-French singer and movie actress. 

At the age of fifteen she was on an album with her father. More than twenty years later she released albums as an adult. Gainsbourg has also been in many movies. She has received both a César Award and the Best Actress Award at the Cannes Film Festival.

Gainsbourg played She in the movie "Antichrist".

Tōhoku History Museum

The museum acquires, conserves, researches, communicates and exhibits a collection which focuses on the and the heritage of Tōhoku. The museum holds archaeological objects from excavations in the region.

The treasures of the museum include Jōmon period jade from Tagajō and Niisato in Iwate Prefecture.

The museum opened in the year 1999.



Nora Ephron

Nora Ephron (; May 19, 1941 – June 26, 2012) was an American movie director, producer and novelist. Ephron was the eldest of the four daughters of writers Henry Ephron (1911-1992) and Phoebe Ephron (née Wolkind, 1914-1971). Her sisters are Delia Ephron (born 1944), Hallie Ephron (born 1948) and Amy Ephron (born 1952). Nora Ephron was born in New York City and moved to Los Angeles, California when she was a child. She moved back East after leaving high school. She made many novels into movies. Ephron has been married to Nicholas Pileggi from 1987 until her death in 2012. Ephron died of pneumonia which was caused by her illness of acute myeloid leukemia.

Sharon Horgan

Sharon Horgan (born 13 July 1970) is an Irish actress, writer television producer and comedienne. She was born in London and moved to Dublin when she was seven. Her brother Shane Horgan (born 1978) is a retired rugby player. She wrote, produced and starred in the sitcom "Pulling". Her other acting roles include: "Rob Brydon's Annually Retentive", "Angelo's", "Free Agents", "The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret", "Dead Boss" and "Catastrophe".

Morohashi Museum of Modern Art

The museum has modern art, including works by 

The museum was created in 1999 from the collection of Teizo Morohashi (1932-2003), who was the founder of Xebio Co. Ltd.


Jordan national under-23 football team

The Jordan national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Jordan at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Jordan at various grounds. They were the first team to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version.


Uzbekistan national under-23 football team

The Uzbekistan national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Uzbekistan at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Uzbekistan at various grounds. They were the second team to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version. 


Georges Lemaître

Monsignor Georges Lemaître (Georges Henri Joseph Édouard Lemaître, 17 July 1894 – 20 June 1966) was a Belgian priest, astronomer , mathematician and professor of physics at the Catholic University of Louvain. 

He was the first person to say the Universe is growing. Some people think it was Edwin Hubble, but that is not correct. Lemaître was also the first to make the Hubble's law and the Hubble constant.
Lemaître also started what became known as the Big Bang theory of the origin of the Universe. He called it his 'hypothesis of the primeval atom'.

Albert Claude

Albert Claude (24 August 1899 – 22 May 1983) was a Belgian biologist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 with Christian de Duve and George Emil Palade. 

He went to the University of Liège. In the summer of 1929 he joined the Rockefeller Institute. He worked at Rockefeller University in the 1930s and 1940s. 

In 1949, he became Director of the Institut Jules Bordet in Brussels. He worked there until 1970.

Ilya Prigogine

Ilya Prigogine (25 January 1917 – 28 May 2003) was a Belgian physical chemist of Russian Jewish descent. He won the 1977 Nobel Prize for Chemistry. 

Prigogine studied chemistry at the Free University of Brussels. In 1950 he became a professor there. In 1959 he started teaching at the University of Texas at Austin in the United States.

Prigogine was married to Belgian poet Hélène Jofé. After their divorce, he married Polish-born chemist Maria Prokopowicz in 1961.


Zhouzhi County

Zhouzhi County (, pinyin:Zhōuzhì Xiàn) is a county of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the southwest part of Xi'an. Before 1964, it was written in Chinese as 盩厔 (also read Zhouzhi), meaning surrounded by mountains and rivers. It covers . As of November 2010, 562,768 people lived there. Zhouzhi is famous for embroidery, and the product kiwifruit.

Shaun Marcum

Shaun Marcum (born December 14, 1981 ) is an American baseball player. He is a Major League pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers . He has played with the Brewers since 2011. He pitched for the Toronto Blue Jays from 2005 until 2010. Marcum was born in Kansas City, Missouri. 


Giovanni Paisiello

Giovanni Paisiello (9 May 1740 – 5 June 1816) was a composer from Italy. He wrote more than 80 operas. He also wrote music for churches and concerts.
Paisiello was born in Roccaforzata, a small town near Taranto in the south of Italy. His father was a veterinarian (a doctor for animals). When he was five years old, his father sent him to a Jesuit school in Taranto. His father wanted him to be a lawyer. Paisiello's teachers saw that he had a very beautiful singing voice and much talent for music. This made his father change his mind. He sent Paisiello to a famous music school in Naples called the . He studied at the music school for five years. At first, he composed church music, but then he began writing operas. Soon his operas became popular all over Italy.

In 1776, Catherine II, the Empress of Russia, invited him to work for her in St. Petersburg. Paisiello worked for the Empress for eight years. He composed operas for her theatre and conducted the royal orchestra. In 1784, he went back to Italy to work for King Ferdinand IV of Naples. He was the chief composer for a famous opera house in Naples, the Teatro di San Carlo. He also composed church music and concert music for the king. Napoleon Bonaparte admired Paisiello's music very much and invited him to Paris. From 1802 until 1804, Paisiello worked in Paris composing music for Napoleon. He then went back to Naples. He was the head of the music school there from 1807 until 1814. The last years of his life were not happy. He had money problems, and his operas were no longer popular. He died in Naples in 1816.


Heckler &amp; Koch G3

The Heckler & Koch G3 is a battle rifle developed by Heckler & Koch and the Spanish state-owned design and development agency CETME. It has a 20 rounds magazine, that holds 7.62mm NATO ammunition.

It was invented in the 1950s, and was the main weapon of the German army (Bundeswehr). Now the main weapon is the G36. Many German soldiers want the old G3 back. The G3 is still in service as a sniper rifle, but they changed to the G28 for "designated marksmen". 

The deign of the G3 was so influential that it was the base for making the MP5 and the PSG-1. 

Ray Davies

Sir Raymond Douglas Davies ( ; born 21 June 1944) is a British rock musician. He was born in Fortis Hill, Muswell Hill, north London. He was the lead singer of The Kinks, in which his brother Dave Davies was lead guitarist. Since the band split, Ray Davies is a solo singer-songwriter.

Davies attempted suicide and was later diagnosed with bipolar disorder. 


Reserve Bank of India

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is a top banking institution of the Republic of India. The bank controls the money supply in the country.

The bank was established on 1 April 1935, when India was under British rule. The Bank was established under the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. The bank was nationalised in 1949.


Conservation (art)

Conservation, also known as conservation and restoration, is a job where people try to protect the important parts of a culture for the future. 

Conservation activities include examination, documentation, treatment, protection. All of this work is supported by research and education.

In traditional terms, the role of the conservator involves the examination, conservation, and preservation of cultural heritage using "any methods that prove effective in keeping that property in as close to its original condition as possible for as long as possible."

The role of conservation is a kind stewardship.

The conservator has ethical guidelines, including

An appropriate conservation strategy requires good judgment, taking into account 

This series of images shows the process of restoration of a mural in France.


Heckler &amp; Koch G36

The Heckler & Koch G36 is an assault rifle designed in the 1990s by Heckler & Koch (H&K) in Germany. The weapon is gas operated and has a standard magazine that holds 30 of the 5.56mm NATO rounds. It can also be used with a 100-round 'drum'. The G36 has a 3x scope and often a red dot sight, too in the carrying handle. The G36 is the main weapon of many special units and the army of Portugal, Spain and Germany (Bundeswehr). 

Before Heckler & Koch started building for Germany, the G36 has had the name "HK50".


Shōsōin

The is a Japanese treasure house in the Tōdai-ji temple complex at Nara It is close to the building which houses the Great Buddha ("Diabutsuden").
It is the oldest museum structure in the world.

The earliest objects in the Shōsō-in were put there by Empress Kōmyō (701–760). The collection includes artifacts from the arts and crafts of the Tempyō era. 
The building was built in the with a raised floor .


Anaïs Nin

Anaïs Nin (full name: Angela Anaïs Juana Antolina Rosa Edelmira Nin y Culmell) February 21, 1903 – January 14, 1977. (, ), was a French-Cuban-American novelist. 

Her books were the basis of movies, including "Henry & June" (1990) and "Delta of Venus" (1994). She was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Paris. Her parents were from Cuba. Her father Joaquín Nin was a well-known composer. Her mother Rosa Culmell was a classical singer. She spent her early years in Spain and Cuba and then lived in Paris. In Paris she became a close friend of the writer Henry Miller. She helped him get his first novel, "Tropic of Cancer", published and wrote the to it. 

She later moved to the United States and died there of cancer in Los Angeles.

Aquamarine (color)

Aquamarine is a color, a light tint between blue and green. It is named for the gemstone aquamarine.

The first recorded use of "aquamarine" as a color name in English was in 1598.

The color "medium aquamarine" (shown below) is used for the uniforms of nurses and surgeons and also used to paint rooms in hospitals because it is regarded as a color that calms and relaxes the patients.


Pierre Deligne

Pierre René, Viscount Deligne (born 3 October 1944) is an important Belgian mathematician. He is known for work on the Weil conjectures.

He was born in Etterbeek. He went to school at Athénée Adolphe Max and studied at the Universite Libre de Bruxelles (ULB).

He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1978, the Crafoord Prize in 1988, the Balzan Prize in 2004 and the Wolf Prize in 2008.

In 2006 he was ennobled by the Belgian king as viscount.

In 2009, Deligne was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

Jean Bourgain

Jean Bourgain (28 February 1954 – 22 December 2018) was a Belgian mathematician. He was a professor at University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign and Institut des hautes études scientifiques at Bures-sur-Yvette in France. From 1994 until his death he has worked at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. He was an editor for the Annals of Mathematics.

He received his Ph.D. from the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in 1977.

He received the Fields Medal in 1994. In 2009 Bourgain was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. In 2010 he received the Shaw Prize in Mathematics. In 2012 he and Terence Tao received the Crafoord Prize in Mathematics from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

Bourgain died on 22 December 2018 in Bonheiden, Belgium at the age of 64.

Rogier van der Weyden

Rogier van der Weyden or Roger de la Pasture (1399 or 1400 – 18 June 1464) was an early Flemish painter. His surviving works are mainly religious triptychs, altarpieces and commissioned single and diptych portraits. He was very successful and internationally famous in his lifetime. His paintings went to Italy and Spain. By the end of the 15th century, he had become more popular than Jan van Eyck. His fame lasted only until the 17th century.

Due to the loss of archives in 1695 and again in 1940, there are few certain facts of van der Weyden's life. Rogelet de le Pasture (Roger of the Pasture) was born in Tournai in 1399 or 1400. His parents were Henri de le Pasture and Agnes de Watrélos. He married around 1426, to Elisabeth Goffaert. He was made town painter of Brussels in 1436. He changed his name from the French to the Dutch format, becoming 'van der Weyden'. 

Lambert Lombard

Lambert Lombard (Liège, 1505 – 1566) was a Renaissance painter, architect and theorist for the Prince-Bishopric of Liège. During his career he worked for Jan Gossaert in Middelburg and trained Frans Floris. In 1532 he became court painter and architect in Liège. A few paintings and many drawings have been kept.

In 1537 he was sent to Rome by Erard de la Marck, prince-bishop of Liège, to buy works of art. While there he discovered the wonders of the Italian Renaissance. On his return he brought not only works of art, but also the new ideas about art to Liège.

Dominicus Lampsonius wrote a biography of Lombard called "The Life of Lambert Lombard".

Anthony van Dyck

Sir Anthony van Dyck (22 March 1599 – 9 December 1641) was a Flemish Baroque artist. He was the leading court painter in England in the early 17th century. He is most famous for his portraits of Charles I of England and his family and court. His style of portrait painting was followed in England for the next 150 years. He also painted biblical and mythological subjects.

James Ensor

James Sidney Edouard, Baron Ensor (13 April 1860 – 19 November 1949) was a Flemish-Belgian painter and printmaker. He was an important influence on expressionism and surrealism. He lived in Ostend for most of his life. He was associated with the artistic group Les XX.

From 1877 to 1880, he attended the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. His only travels were three brief trips to Paris, London, and Holland.

In 1895 his painting "The Lamp Boy" (1880) was acquired by the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium in Brussels. He had his first solo exhibition in Brussels. By 1920 he was the subject of major exhibitions. In 1929 he was named a Baron by King Albert. He was the subject of the Belgian composer Flor Alpaerts's "James Ensor Suite". In 1933 he was awarded the band of the Légion d'honneur. 

Against the advice of friends, he remained in Ostend during World War II despite the risk of bombardment. In his old age he was an honored figure among Belgians. His daily walk made him a familiar sight in Ostend. He died there after a short illness, on 19 November 1949.

His early works show domestic scenes with little color. Later he started to use brighter colors. His subjects became very imaginative. He painted carnivals, masks, puppets and skeletons.

Les XX

Les XX was a group of twenty Belgian painters, designers and sculptors. It was formed in 1883 by the Brussels lawyer, publisher, and entrepreneur Octave Maus. For ten years 'Les Vingt', as they called themselves, held a yearly exhibition of their art. Each year twenty international artists were also invited to be in the exhibition. Artists invited over the years included: Camille Pissarro (1887, 1889, 1891), Claude Monet (1886, 1889), Georges Seurat (1887, 1889, 1891, 1892), Paul Gauguin (1889, 1891), Paul Cézanne (1890), and Vincent van Gogh (1890, 1891). 

In 1893, the society of Les XX was changed into "La Libre Esthétique".



Constant Permeke

Constant Permeke (31 July 1886 – 4 January 1952) was a Belgian painter and sculptor. He is said to be the leading figure of Flemish expressionism.

Permeke was born in Antwerp. When he was six years old the family moved to Ostend. His father was curator of the Municipal Museum of Arts. Permeke went to school in Bruges from 1903 until 1906. In 1906 he was drafted into the Belgian army. After his military service ended in March 1908, Permeke returned to Ostend. He roomed together with another artist, Gustave De Smet. In 1909 he returned to Latem where he lived as a recluse. In 1912 Permeke married Maria Delaere and the newlyweds settled in Ostend.

When World War I started, Permeke was in the defense of Antwerp. He was wounded in action near the town of Duffel. His wounds forced him to be evacuated to the United Kingdom. In 1916 he moved to Chardstock in Devonshire and started painting again, mostly colorful English landscapes. After the end of the war, the Permeke family returned to Ostend in 1919.

In 1921 Permeke was able to exhibit his work in Antwerp and in Paris. Between 1922 and 1924, Permeke regularly went to Astene. In 1926 Permeke went to Vevey in Switzerland where he mainly painted mountain scenes. In 1929 he moved to Jabbeke. Starting in 1937 Permeke tried his hand at sculpting as well.

During World War II, Permeke was forbidden to paint by the German occupiers. His art was seen by them as "Entartete Kunst". His son Paul was arrested and sent to Germany as a forced labourer. After the war, Permeke was made director of the Royal Academy in Antwerp. He only worked there one year. In 1948 his wife died. Emotionally scarred and ailing, Permeke had to be nursed by his daughter.

Constant Permeke died 4 January 1952. He was buried next to his wife at the cemetery in Jabbeke. A statue which Permeke had commissioned by his friend George Minne was placed on the grave of his beloved wife.

In 1997, Belgium recognized Permeke by dedicating the 1,000 franc bill to him and his work. The bill was used until Belgium started using the euro in 2002.

Paul Delvaux

Paul Delvaux (23 September 1897 – 20 July 1994) was a Belgian painter. He is known for his Surrealism, famous for his paintings of female nudes.

Delvaux was born in Antheit. The young Delvaux took music lessons, studied Greek and Latin, and read the fiction of Jules Verne and the poetry of Homer. He studied at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. He studied architecture because his parents did not want him to be a painter. He went for his goal by taking painting classes taught by Constant Montald and Jean Delville. The painters Frans Courtens and Alfred Bastien also encouraged Delvaux. He completed about 80 paintings between 1920 and 1925. 1925 was the year of his first solo exhibition.

He was named director of the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in 1965. In 1982 the Paul Delvaux Museum opened in Saint-Idesbald. Delvaux died in Veurne in 1994.

Panamarenko

Panamarenko (pseudonym of Henri Van Herwegen; 5 February 1940 – 14 December 2019) was a famous assemblagist in Belgian sculpture. He is famous for his work with airplanes as theme. None of the airplanes are able to actually leave the ground.

Panamarenko studied at the academy of Antwerp. Before 1968, his art was inspired by Pop art. Early on he became interested in planes and human powered flight. This interest is also shown in his name. It is supposed to be an acronym for "Pan American Airlines and Company".

Starting in 1970, he developed his first models of imaginary vehicles, planes, balloons or helicopters. Many of his sculptures are modern versions of the myth of Icarus.

In 2003 Panamarenko married the 34 year younger Eveline Hoorens. At the opening of a large-scale overview exhibition of his work in Brussels in 2005, Panamarenko said he was retiring as an artist. He has since had his own coffee brand PanamaJumbo.

On 24 April 2009, VLM Airlines named one of its Fokker 50 aircraft in his honour.

Jan Fabre

Jan Fabre (born December 14, 1958 in Antwerp) is a Belgian artist, playwright, stage director, choreographer and designer.

He studied at the Municipal Institute of Decorative Arts and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. Between 1976 and 1980 he wrote his first scripts for the theatre. From 1980 he began his career as a stage director and stage designer.

Fabre is famous for his "Bic-art" (ballpoint drawings). In 1990, he covered an entire building with ballpoint drawings.

His decoration of the ceiling of the Royal Palace in Brussels is called "Heaven of Delight". It is made out of one million six hundred thousand jewel-scarab wing cases. In 2008, Jan Fabre's "The Angel of Metamorphosis" exhibition was held at the Louvre Museum.

In September 2018, Fabre was accused by 20 former employees of sexual harassment. 

List of settlements in Alabama

As of the 2020 United States Census, there are 461 incorporated cities and towns in the U.S. state of Alabama.

There are 131 census-designated places in Alabama.

List of cities in Alaska

This is a list of incorporated cities in the U.S. state of Alaska, including unified city-boroughs.
There are a total of 149 cities in Alaska.

El Lissitzky

Lazar Markovich Lissitzky ( – 30 December 1941), better known as El Lissitzky, was a Russian artist, designer, photographer, typographer, and architect.

He was an important figure of the Russian avant-garde, helping develop suprematism with his mentor, Kazimir Malevich. He designed exhibition displays and propaganda works for the former Soviet Union. His work greatly influenced the Bauhaus and constructivist movements, and he experimented with techniques and ideas ine 20th-century graphic design.
El Lissitzky's entire career was based on his belief that the artist could be an agent for change. Lissitzky, who was Jewish, began his career illustrating Yiddish children's books. This was to promote Jewish culture in Russia, which had just ended its antisemitic laws. He started teaching at 15; and taught throughout his life. Over the years, he taught in a variety of positions, schools and artistic media, spreading and exchanging ideas.

He took this ethic with him when he worked with Malevich in the art group UNOVIS and when he worked his own. He took up a job as the Russian cultural ambassador to Weimar Germany. There he worked with important figures of the Bauhaus and De Stijl movements. In his remaining years he brought innovation and change to typography, exhibition design, photomontage, and book design. He produced critically respected works and won international acclaim for his exhibition design. This continued to the end of his life. In 1941 he produced one of his last works – a Soviet propaganda poster rallying the people to make more tanks for the fight against Nazi Germany.

Teatro di San Carlo

The Teatro di San Carlo is a famous opera house in Naples, Italy. It is sometimes called the Teatro San Carlo or simply the San Carlo. Its name means Theatre of Saint Charles. It was built in 1737. When it was first built it was the biggest opera house in the world. Today, it is still one of the biggest opera houses in Italy. It is also the oldest opera house in Italy. Many operas were first performed at the Teatro di San Carlo. Seventeen of Donizetti's operas and eight of Rossini's operas were first performed there.
The new King of Naples, Charles VII, was very interested in the arts. He wanted the city to have a new and beautiful opera house. The old one, the Teatro San Bartolomeo, was falling apart. King Charles paid for building the new theatre. It was built on land next to his palace and designed by Giovanni Antonio Medrano (1703 – 1760). The new theatre took only seven months to build. It opened on 4 March 1737. The first opera performed there was " (Achilles in Skyros). The famous Italian poet, Metastasio, wrote the words and story. Domenico Sarro wrote the music. He also conducted the orchestra.

The building burnt down on 12 February 1816. Six days after the fire, King Ferdinand IV (the son of King Charles) asked the architect Antonio Niccolini to build the theatre again. Nicolini used Medrano's designs but he made the stage bigger. The inside of the new Teatro di San Carlo was even more beautiful than the first one. The new theatre opened on 12 January 1817, with an opera by Simon Mayr, " (Partenope's Dream). Since then, only small changes were made to the building. It was damaged by bombs during World War II, but American and British soldiers soon repaired it.

Like most Italian opera houses, the Teatro di San Carlo is built in a horseshoe shape. It has downstairs seats called stalls. There are six more levels of seats called box seats where groups of people can sit together. The box seats go all the way to the top of the opera house. Overall, there are 1386 seats in the Teatro di San Carlo today. The inside of the theatre has beautiful decorations in red and gold. A large painting by Giuseppe Cammarano covers the ceiling. The painting shows the Greek god Apollo and the goddess Minerva. All around them are famous poets.

Because of its shape, the San Carlo has very good sound quality. People can hear the singers and orchestra even in the most far away seats. Operas, ballets and concerts are performed there. People can also rent the theatre for parties or to put on their own shows. In 2010, much work was done on the opera house. It now has more rooms for rehearsals, modern machinery for the stage, and air conditioning. The Teatro di San Carlo has its own orchestra.



Gaoling District

Gaoling District ( pinyin:Gāolíng Qū) is a county of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the north part of Xi'an. Weiyang District and Baqiao District are to the south. Yanliang District is to the north. Lintong District is to the east. Xianyang Municipality is to the west. It covers . As of November 2010, 333,477 people lived there.

Chinese government changed it from "Country" to "District" on Dec,2014.

Cluster bomb

A cluster bomb, or cluster munition, is an explosive device. It explodes in the air or on the ground, and releases many smaller bombs. It is an anti-personnel weapon because it kills or maims people, not armoured vehicles.
They were used a lot during the Vietnam War and have been used in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.

They are considered illegal by over 100 countries. These countries have signed the "Convention on Cluster Munitions" adopted in May 2008.


Mill Green

Mill Green is a hamlet in Edwardstone, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It is Edwardstone's main settlement.

Mill Green has a pub called The White Horse, Mill Green Brewery is also behind it. A Smock windmill was in Mill Green, but it was demolished in 1965.

Mill Green Brewery has won a national SIBA Gold Award. It is also on The Good Pub Guide 2011 2012 and 2014.



Parliament Heath

Parliament Heath is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has 4 listed buildings, including Daisygreen Cottages, Lodge Cottage, Malting Farmhouse and Primrose Cottage.


Sherbourne Street

Sherbourne Street is a place on the Ordnance Survey in Edwardstone, Babergh, Suffolk, England. Sherbourne Street was on A Vision of Britain through Time 19th century map as "Shover Street". There was a school in Sherbourne Street called Edwardstone House School, but it closed on the 31st of August 1993. It was for boys who were 8 – 13 years old. Edwardstone House is now a Listed building.



Broad Street (Groton)

Broad Street is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Horner's Green

Horner's Green is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has a listed building called Spout Farmhouse.

Gosling Green

Gosling Green is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has a listed building called Gosling Green House.


Kersey Tye

Kersey Tye is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has one listed building called Bridges Farmhouse. There was a Congregation house built in about 1835 which is not always used for worship.

Ahn Chang-ho

Ahn Chang-ho (9 November 1876 - 10 March 1938) was a Korean independence activists and enlightened activists. He was an educator who founded Jeomjin School (), Daesung School (), Chungnyunhakwuhoi () and NGOs Heungsadan (; ), Suyangdongwuhoi(). His first name was Chisam, nickname was Dosan.



Thomas Vanek

Thomas Vanek (born January 19, 1984) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey left winger. He played a total of 14 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). Vanek played for the Buffalo Sabres, New York Islanders, Montreal Canadiens, Minnesota Wild, Detroit Red Wings, Florida Panthers, and the Vancouver Canucks. He also played for the Graz 99ers of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga (EBEL).

Before he played in the NHL, Vanek played for the Sioux Falls Stampede of the USHL for 3 seasons and the University of Minnesota for 2 years.

He was drafted 5th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2003 NHL draft. He played for the Buffalo Sabres for 8 seasons.

On October 27, 2013, he was traded to the New York Islanders for Matt Moulson, a 2014 1st round draft pick, and a 2015 2nd round draft pick.

On July 1, 2014, Vanek signed a three-year, $5.5 contract with the Minnesota Wild. The contract will also give him $6.5 million in the second year, and $7.5 million in the third year as well as a no-trade clause. 

Mario Altmann

Mario Altmann (born November 4, 1986 in Vienna) is an Austrian ice hockey player who was participating at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team.


Wicker Street Green

Wicker Street Green is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has seven listed buildings, including Curtis Farmhouse, Elm Farmhouse, Hollies Cottage, Lodge Farmhouse, Red House Farmhouse, Wicker Street Cottage and Wicker Street House.

Lindsey Tye

Lindsey Tye is a settlement in Lindsey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has seven listed buildings, including Cottage Owned by Mr W Partridge Immediately North of Tye Cottage, Falcon Hall, Gooseberry, Ivydene, Rose Cottage, Swallow's Farmhouse and Tye Cottage. There was also a Baptist chapel built there in 1840.

King's Meaburn

King's Meaburn is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001, there were 105 people living in King's Meaburn.


Upsher Green

Upsher Green is a hamlet in Great Waldingfield, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has one listed building, called Gable Cottage and Lark Cottage.

Kersey Upland

Kersey Upland is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has five listed buildings, including Boxford Road Farmhouse, Hart's Cottage, Sampson's Hall, The Forge and West Sampson's Hall.

Sleagill

Sleagill is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001, 100 people lived in Sleagill.

Temple Sowerby

Temple Sowerby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 333 people living in Temple Sowerby.


Clifton

Clifton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 461 people living in Clifton.


Swingleton Green

Swingleton Green is a hamlet in Monks Eleigh, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has two listed buildings, including Barn and Outbuildings about 50 feet to the west of the Fenn and The Fenn.

Afro-Dominicans

Afro-Dominicans or Dominicans of African ancestry, are Dominicans whose ancestry ties within the continent of Africa. Most of them came from West Africa during the colonial era, while others descend from Haitian and Afro-Caribbean migrants. Today, Afro-Dominicans represent a minority of the Country's population at approximately 8%, while the remaining and majority of Dominicans are multiracial.

The first Africans in the Dominican came in 1502 from Spain, 8 years later African-born slaves came in large numbers. They were forced to work the Mines, Sugar Plantations, Cattling, Cowboys, Maids, Farming and Others. They can be found in most parts in the Island, but the purest blacks are mostly in the coastal lowlands of the country and in the border regions. While in the Central Cibao region, you can find people of either European, Mixed and African descent.

The Atlantic slave trade began in the very early 1500s. Santo Domingo (present-day Dominican Republic) was the first place to transport African slaves in the Americas. The dying of Indigenous people in the island, caused the Spanish to quickly grant permission from Spain to use slaves to work the plantations. In 1510, the first sizable ship consisted of 250 Black Latinos (Spanish-speaking men ), 8 years later, African born slaves arrived in massive numbers. The first major slave revolt took place in Dominican Republic's hills in 1522. These Maroons were originally from the senegambian region of Africa; of which most were Muslims of the Wolof nation. Many centuries later the Maroon populations became so large that the only way whites could travel would be in large armed groups. Most of the Maroon populations established themselves in mostly in rivers, hills/mountains, coastal and in caves. The Congolese people were known to be very aggressive and naturally strong, they and many of the Mandingas, Wolofs, and Fulanis was the main ethnicity to have been born in Maroon villages.

From the neighboring country, Haitians have also had an influence in the growing population in Dominican Republic. It's estimated that is around 800,000 Haitians living in the Dominican Republic. Haitians make a large minority in the country anywhere from 4-6%. Among the Afro-Haitian population, they originated among the Ewe and Fon tribes of present-day Benin and Togo West Africa.

Enslaved Africans that lived in the then Santo Domingo colony tended to come from the Bantu/Congolese (majority-wise especially the Bakongo), Akan, Yoruba, Igbo, Ewe, Fon, Mandinga, Wolof-Fulanis and Others. The Congolese-Bakongo tribes has had the most dominant culteral impact in the Dominican today.

As Dominican slaves came from predominately West-Central Africa, many of their customs survived based-on memory and myths, along with religion, names, words, music, language etc. Known survived religions are the Regla de palo, Arara, Dominican Vudu, Santería etc. Many villages among the Dominican Republic have kept their African languages among their descendants. Recongnized African languages spoken by Dominicans are the Lucumi language which is practically the Yoruba language with very few Spanish words, the Kikongo language is still spoken, especially in places like Villa Mella, Dajabon, Altagracia, and Monte Plata. Merengue is the typical music of the Dominican Republic. Typical Dominican foods such as Mangu (mashed plantains) is of African origin.

Pig in a poke

Pig in a poke is an English idiom which means a kind of deceptive trick. It is a blind bargain.

The phrase is about something which is offered for sale in a manner which hides its true value. The idiom means a purchase which turns out not to be what the seller claimed it was.

The term was first used in the Middle Ages. At this time, it was common to sell meat or small animals in cloth bags or sacks called a "poke".

Sometimes people simply bought the "poke" without looking inside; and sometimes people who thought they were buying pork or a small pig were surprised to find they had been sold something else.

The idiom "pig in a poke" is about what happens when someone does not look to see what is being bought or sold.

The idiom "pig in a poke" is used to describe something which is purchased without the buyer being aware of its true nature or value.

The phrase can also be applied to accepting an idea or plan without a full understanding of it. In other words, it is about starting a course of action without knowing the relevant facts.

Many other European languages have a version of this phrase, but many are translated as a warning not to buy a cat in a bag. -

The Labors of Herakles

The Labors of Herakles is a series of tasks performed by the Greek hero Herakles () as a penance for a terrible crime he committed. These tasks required great strength and courage. For the most part, they involved killing fierce animals and horrible monsters. The Labors were said to have been devised by Hera, the goddess of marriage. She hated Herakles because he was a bastard son of her husband Zeus. She hoped these tasks would kill him. Herakles however performed them with great success, and, in the process, became very famous. The Labors of Herakles probably had their origin in the religious and magical practices of prehistoric man. They are the subject of ancient and modern art.
Mortals die, but gods live forever. Herakles was part mortal, part god. His father was the god Zeus and his mother was the mortal Alkmene. Zeus' wife Hera was the goddess of marriage. She hated Herakles because he was one of her husband's bastards. She tried many times to kill him, even when he was a baby. He lived in spite of Hera's persecution and hatred, and did many great deeds as a young man.

Herakles married Megara, the daughter of a king. They became the parents of several children. Hera caused Herakles to go mad and to kill his family. The priestess of Delphi ordered Herakles to serve his cousin King Eurystheus of Tiryns as a penance for this crime. Eurystheus would present a series of tasks to Herakles. These tasks were said to have been designed by Hera herself in the hope that they would kill Herakles.

There is no definite order for the Labors. Most of the time, however, the order is: Nemean Lion, Lernean Hydra, Cerynitian Hind, Erymanthian Boar, Augean Stables, Stymphalian Birds, Cretan Bull, Mares of Diomedes, Girdle of Hippolyta, Cattle of Geryon, Apples of the Hesperides, and Kerberos. The order here is that of the sculptures called metopes on the Temple of Zeus at Olympia. These sculptures (made about 460–450 BC) were placed high on the outside of the temple in a frieze. Their order was described by the ancient Greek geographer, Pausanias. Some of these metopes are used in this article to illustrate the Labors. The first group of six metopes are from the west end of the temple. The second group of six are from the east end. Some of the illustrations here are taken from Greek vase paintings. The Labors of Herakles became the subject of much ancient and modern art, and even movies like "Hercules" (1958) starring Steve Reeves and the Walt Disney animated movie "Hercules" (1997).

A large and dangerous lion was terrorizing the people and animals near the city of Nemea. Weapons of iron, bronze, or stone could not pierce the lion's thick hide (skin). Eurystheus ordered Herakles to kill and skin this lion.

Herakles went to the region of Nemea and stayed with a poor man named Molorchos at Kleonai. Molorchos' son had been killed by this lion. Molorchos wanted to sacrifice his only ram to Herakles, but Herakles asked him to wait thirty days. If he did not return within thirty days, the ram was to be sacrificed to him as a hero. If he returned within thirty days, the ram was to be sacrificed to Zeus the Deliverer.

Herakles found the lion outside its lair on Mount Tretos. His arrows and sword were useless against the beast. He hit the lion with his club and the animal went into his lair. Herakles blocked one of the two openings to the cavern with nets, then entered the cavern. He wrestled the lion and choked it to death. The lion bit off one of his fingers. He returned to Molorchos' hovel with the lion's carcass on his back. The two men sacrificed to Zeus.

When Herakles presented the dead animal to Eurystheus, the king was disgusted. He ordered Herakles to leave such things outside the gates of Tiryns in the future. Eurystheus then put a large bronze jar underground. This was the place where he would hide whenever Herakles returned to the city with some trophy of his labours. Zeus put the lion among the stars as the constellation Leo.

In the future, Eurystheus would only communicate with Herakles through Kopreus, his dungman. Herakles skinned the lion with one of its own claws. He wore the skin as a kind of armor and the lion's skull as a helmet. Euripides wrote in his play "Herakles":"First he cleared the grove of Zeus of a lion, and put its skin upon his back, hiding his yellow hair in its fearful tawny gaping jaws."

The origin of the Nemean Lion is not certain. Some say he was the son of either Typhon or the Chimera and the dog Orthros. Some say the moon goddess Selene gave birth to the lion and let it fall to Earth near a two-mouthed cave at Nemea. She set it against the people because they had failed to properly observe her worship. Some say that Hera had Selene create the lion from sea foam and that Iris, the goddess of the rainbow, carried it to Nemea. Others say the lion was the son of the snake goddess Echidna and her son, the dog Orthos. This would make the lion a brother to the Sphinx of Thebes. Hera was said to have brought the lion from the eastern land of the Arimoi and to have released it near Nemea.

The Hydra ("water-snake") was a monster with many heads. She lived beneath a plane tree near the spring called Amymone. This spring was near the seaside city of Lerna. She was the offspring of Typhon and Echidna, and the sister of Kerebos. Hera raised the Hydra to torment Herakles. The Hydra had a dog-like body. Its breath was poisonous. The head in the middle of the monster was immortalit could not die. Eurystheus ordered Herakles to kill this monster. Herakles and his nephew Iolaos (the son of his brother Iphicles) drove to the swamp near Lerna in Herakles' war chariot. Iolaos was Heracles' charioteer and his lover.

Athena told Herakles to force the monster from the swamp with fire arrows. He did, but the monster twisted itself about his feet. He beat the heads with his club, but crushing one head only caused others to erupt. A great crab crawled from the swamp to help the Hydra. It bit Herakles in the foot. He crushed its shell. Herakles called Iolaos for his help and cut the Hydra's heads off with his sword. Iolaos sealed the neck stumps with torches so other heads could not grow in their place.

The Hydra was at last killed. Herakles cut off the immortal head and buried it under a heavy stone in the road. He dipped his arrowheads in the Hydra's poisonous blood. They became deadly. Back in Tiryns, Eurystheus would not count this adventure as a Labor because Herakles had had his nephew's help. He added another Labor to the list. Hera set the crab in the sky as a constellation. The river Anigrus in Elis stank because the Hydra's poison was washed from the arrows Heracles used to kill the centaur Nessus in its waters.

The Stymphalian Birds were man-eating birds living on the shores of Lake Stymphalos in north-eastern Arcadia. The birds were sacred to Ares, the god of war. Their feces poisoned the land and crops would not grow. The birds attacked men with their bronze beaks and claws. They could rain down their sharp bronze feathers to kill men and their animals.

Herakles failed to drive them off with his arrows. Athena gave him a set of metal castanets (or a rattle) made by the blacksmith of the gods, Hephaestus. Herakles climbed to a rocky place over the lake and made so much noise with the castanets that the birds flew as far as the Isle of Ares in the Black Sea. Herakles was able to kill many of them with his arrows as they flew away.

Some say the birds were women. Artemis Stymphalia ruled the swamps about the lake. Her temple there had pictures of young girls with the feet of birds. These girls lured men to their deaths in the swamps. They were said to be the daughters of Stymphalos and Ornis. These two were killed by Herakles when they would not give him food, drink, and a place to rest.

The Cretan Bull rose from the sea. Poseidon, god of the sea, intended King Minos to sacrifice the bull, but it was so handsome that Minos kept it for himself. He sent it to mate with his cows, then sacrificed another bull to Poseidon. The god was angry and caused Minos' wife, Queen Pasiphaë, to develop a sexual desire for the animal.

She mated with it and gave birth to a son. This son was the Minotaur, a monster with the head of a bull and the body of a man. The Cretan Bull went mad. Heracules captured it by throwing a rope about its head and about a leg. Some say he wrestled it, or stunned it with his club.

Minos let Heracules take the bull to Greece. Eurystheus wanted to give the bull to Hera but she would not take it because Heracules had captured it. She let it go and it wandered about Greece. Theseus of Athens finally captured it and sacrificed it to Athena, or some say, Apollo. The bull had spent its days in Crete destroying crops and belching fire.

When Artemis, the goddess of the hunt, was a child, she saw five hinds (female deer) grazing near the Anaurus River in Thessaly. Each was as large as a bull, each had hooves of bronze, and all had antlers of gold. She caught four of them, and used them to pull her chariot. The fifth escaped the goddess and lived on the Keryneian Hill in Arkadia. Hera planned to use this hind against Herakles someday.

Eurystheus ordered Herakles to catch this hind and bring it alive to Tiryns. The danger in this Labor lay in pursuing the hind through wild lands from which no hunter ever returned. Herakles hunted the hind for a year, chasing it through Istria and the Land of the Hyperboreans. The hind took refuge on Mount Artemision. Herakles let fly an arrow that pinned the hind's forelegs (front legs) together without drawing blood. He put the hind on his shoulders and took her back to Tiryns.

Artemis and Apollo stopped Herakles on his way to Tiryns. On some vases, Apollo is seen trying to forcibly take the hind from Herakles. Herakles however lay the blame for the theft on Eurystheus. Artemis accepted this plea and allowed him to pass. Some say Herakles used a net to capture the hind or captured her when she was asleep under a tree.

Eurystheus' daughter Admete was a priestess of Hera. She wanted the Golden Girdle (belt) of Hippolyte, the Queen of the Amazons. This girdle had been a gift to Hippolyte from her father, Ares, the god of war. The Amazons were all related to Ares. They hated men and mated only to make more female warriors. Baby boys were killed or crippled. The lives of these women were devoted to war.

Herakles and friends sailed to their land of Pontos on the Black Sea. The Amazons lived at the mouth of the Thermodon River. Hippolyte welcomed Herakles. She fell in love with his muscles and his great fame. She promised him the girdle as a love token. Hera disguised herself as an Amazon. She whispered among others that Herakles was going to kidnap the Queen. The Amazons charged Herakles' ship on horseback. Herakles killed Hippolyte, and took the girdle. Many Amazons were killed.

Some say Hippolyte would not part with the girdle. Herakles threw her from her horse and threatened her with his club. She would not ask for mercy. Herakles killed her. Some say Hippolyte's sister Melanippe was taken prisoner. She was ransomed with the girdle. Some say Hippolyte herself was taken prisoner and ransomed with the girdle. Others say Theseus took Hippolyte prisoner and gave the girdle to Herakles. Herakles gave the girdle to Eurystheus, who gave it to Admete.

A large and dangerous boar was living on Mount Erymanthos. Eurystheus ordered Herakles to catch this boar. On Mount Erymanthos, Herakles forced the boar from the wood with his shouts. He then drove the boar into deep snow and jumped on its back. He put the boar in chains, placed it on his shoulders, and took it to Eurystheus. The king was so scared he hid in his bronze jar. Herakles left the boar in the market square of Tiryns. He then joined the Argonauts on the Quest for the Golden Fleece.

Mount Erymanthos took its name from a son of Apollo. Aphrodite blinded him because he saw her taking a bath. Apollo was angry. He turned himself into a boar and killed her boyfriend Adonis.

Eurystheus ordered Herakles to bring him the Horses of King Diomedes of Thrace. King Diomedes' horses were savage man-eaters, and were fed on the flesh of Diomedes' innocent guests. Herakles and his friends sailed to the coast of Thrace. Having found the stables of Diomedes, they killed the king's servants. They then put Diomedes before the horses. The animals tore him to pieces and ate him. The horses grew calm after feeding, and were led to the ship. Herakles sent them to Eurystheus.

Diomedes was the son of Ares, the god of war, and the king of the Bistones, a Thracian tribe of warlike people. While travelling in connection with this Labor, Herakles visited King Admetos. His wife Alcestis had just died. Herakles wrestled Death for Alcestis and he won. Alcestis was returned to life. This event is the basis for Euripides' play "Alcestis". Eurystheus dedicated the savage horses to Hera. They were said to have bred into the age of Alexander the Great.

Another story says Herakles captured the horses and drove them to his ship. Diomedes and his men chased the thieves. Herakles and his friends left the ship to fight the king and his men. The horses of Diomedes were left in the care of Abderos, Herakles' male lover. The horses ate him. Herakles built the city of Abdera in his memory. It was after this Labor that Herakles joined the Quest for the Golden Fleece. He dropped out of the search when his lover Hylas was lost on a strange island. Some say Herakles went on to Kolchis and rejoined the Quest. Others say he returned to Tiryns and the Labors.

Geryon was a very strong giant with three bodies, six hands, and three heads. He was the King of Tartessus in Spain. He had wings, and the picture on his shield was an eagle. He lived on an island called Erytheia. This island was far to the west in Okeanos, the river that circles the Earth. At night, the Sun sailed upon this river in a Golden Cup.

Geryon had large herds of cattle. They were watched over by Eurytion, Geryon's servant, and a huge two-headed dog named Orthrus, the offspring of Typhon and Echidna. King Eurystheus ordered Herakles to capture Geryon's cattle.

Herakles crossed the Libyan desert. At the narrow channel that separates Europe and Africa, he built the Pillars of Herakles. The Sun was hot and Herakles threatened to shoot him with his bow and arrows. The Sun asked him not to do this. Herakles agreed. He borrowed the Sun's Golden Cup and sailed away in it. The Titan Oceanus tested Herakles' seamanship by causing violent waves. Herakles threatened to shoot Oceanus, too. Oceanus calmed the waves. Some say Herakles sailed in an urn and used his lion skin as a sail.

On Geryon's island, Herakles killed the two-headed dog Orthos and the servant Eurytion, who tried to help the dog. Herakles was driving the cattle to the Golden Cup when Geryon appeared, ready to fight. Herakles shot him down and sailed away with the cattle. Herakles had many adventures on his return to Greece. On the Greek coast, Hera sent gadflies to drive the herd of cattle far and wide. Herkales managed to round-up a few and these he presented to Eurystheus. He sacrificed them to Hera.

Hera received golden apples as a gift when she married. She planted them in her garden far to the west near Mount Atlas. It was on this mountain that the Titan Atlas held the sky on his shoulders. He was being punished for having joined the other Titans in making war on Zeus. When Hera heard his daughters were stealing from the garden, she sent a one hundred-headed dragon called Ladon to the garden to protect the apples. Three nymphs called the Hesperides also guarded the apples.

Eurystheus wanted Herakles to bring him three golden apples. Herakles set off. The river god Nereus refused to give him directions and changed his shape again and again. Herakles tied him to a tree until he told the way. In the Caucasus, Herakles freed the Titan Prometheus, the fire-bringer, from his chains. Prometheus warned Herakles not to pick the apples himself, but to ask someone else to do it.

Herakles asked Atlas to pick the apples. The Titan agreed, but only if Herakles would kill the dragon and then take the sky on his shoulders. Herakles killed the dragon and took the sky on his shoulders. Atlas picked the apples but refused to take the sky again. He liked being free. Herakles tricked him. He asked Atlas to take the sky — only for a moment — while he put a cushion on his shoulders. Atlas took the sky. Herakles took the apples and headed for Tiryns. Eurystheus did not know what to do with the apples. He gave them to Herakles. Athena returned the apples to the garden, because they did, after all, belong to the gods.

Eurystheus ordered Herakles to bring him Kerberos, a three-headed dog-like monster with a dragon's tail and a mane of poisonous snakes. It guarded the entrance to the Underworld. The three heads could see the past, present, and future. Some say they represented birth, youth, and old age. Kerberos allowed the dead to enter the Underworld, but anyone who tried to leave was eaten. Kerberos was the offspring of Echidna, a monster part woman/part snake, and Typhon, a fire-breathing giant. Kerberos' brother was the two-headed dog Orthrus.

Herakles' first step was to undergo the Mysteries of Eleusis. These rites would protect him in the land of the dead. They would also cleanse him of the massacre of the Centaurs. Athena and Hermes guided Herakles into the Underworld. He was ferried across the River Styx in Charon's boat. On the opposite shore, he met the Gorgon, Medusa. She was a harmless phantom and he passed her without trouble. He met Meleagros and offered to marry his sister, Deianeira. Eventually, he did. When Herakles asked Hades for Kerberos, Hades allowed him to take the monster, but only if he could do so without using his weapons. Herakles wrestled the monster and choked it. Once the monster had yielded, he led it away.

As they neared the Earth's surface, Kerberos tossed his three heads because he hated the sunlight. His spit flew in all directions. From that spit grew the poisonous plant, aconite. When Heracles arrived in Tiryns, Eurystheus was performing a sacrifice. The king gave the best cuts of meat to his relatives and only a slave's portion of meat to Herakles. Herakles was furious with this insult and killed Eurystheus' three sons. Eurystheus was terrified when presented with Kerberos and hid in his bronze jar. Herakles took Kerberos back to the Underworld. Another account says the monster escaped. This Labor is the twelfth and last Labor in some accounts.

King Augeias of Elis lived on the west coast of the Peloponnese. He was a son of Helios, the sun god. It was said that the rays of the sun shone in his eyes. Augeias had many cattle. His animals were always healthy, and gave birth to many young. His stables had not been cleaned in years and were thick with animal waste. The valleys were also full of waste. The smell of this waste poisoned the land. Eurystheus ordered Herakles to clean the stables in a day. He liked the thought of Herakles doing such dirty work.

Herakles went to Elis. He did not tell Augeias that Eurystheus had ordered him to clean the stables.Instead, he made a bargain with Augeias. He promised to clean the stables if Augeias would give him some of his cattle. The bargain was made. Augeias' son Phyleos acted as witness. Herakles set to work. First, he made two holes in the stone foundation of the stables. Then he changed the paths of the Alpheios and Peneios Rivers. The rivers were made to flow through one hole and out the other. This is how the stables were washed clean.

Augeias learned from Eurystheus' servant Copreus that Eurystheus had ordered Herakles to clean the stables. He would not respect the bargain he had made with Herakles. Herakles took the case to court. Phyleos was called to court and told the truth about the bargain. Augeias was so angry he drove his son and Herakles out of the land. Back in Tiryns, Eurystheus said that the Labor did not count because Herakles had made a bargain with Augeias. Eurystheus also thought that the river gods had really done the work.

This Labor was the last one presented in the frieze on the Temple of Zeus at Olympia. It was important to the Greeks because one day Herakles made war on Augeias and defeated him. Herakles then laid out the Olympian sanctuary in the land of King Augeias and started the Olympic Games. It was said that Menedemus of Elis gave Herakles advice on this Labor and that the hero had the help of his nephew Iolaos. While Augeias and Herakles were making their bargain, Phaeton, one of Augeias' twelve white bulls, charged Herakles. These white bulls guarded all the cattle against wild animals. Phaeton thought the hero was a lion. Herakles forced the bull to the Earth by twisting its horn. Herakles was going to get Augeias' daughter as part of the bargain, but he did not. This was given as one reason for making war later on Augeias. He was also going to become Augeias' slave if the work was not done in one day.


Melkinthorpe

Melkinthorpe is a hamlet in Eden, Cumbria, England. It has six listed buildings, including Brownhow, Clematis Cottage and Sycamore Cottage, Fossils, Larch Cottage with Barn and Stable Adjoining, Rose Cottage and Stable Adjoining and Wood House.

Sundarbans National Park

The Sunderbans National Park is a National Park, tiger reserve, and a Biosphere Reserve in the Sunderban delta. It is in the Indian state of West Bengal. This area is densely covered by mangrove forests. It is one of the largest reserves for the Bengal tiger. It is also home to a variety of bird, reptile and invertebrate species, including the salt-water crocodile. On May 4, 1984 it was made a National Park.

There are seven main rivers and many watercourses forming a network of channels at this delta. They all run southward towards the sea. The coastal area has many mudflats. They are the right environment for mangroves.

The mangrove vegetation of Sundarbans has 64 plant species. They can withstand estuarine conditions and large amounts of saline. In the months of April and May the flaming red leaves of the genwa ("Excoecaria agallocha") the crab-like red flowers of the kankra ("Bruguiera gymnorrhiza") and the yellow flowers of khalsi ("Aegiceras corniculatum") can be seen. Some of the other commonly found plants and trees in the park are dhundal (or cannonball mangrove, "Xylocarpus granatum"), passur ("Xylocarpus mekongensis"), garjan ("Rhizophora" spp.), sundari ("Heritiera fomes") and goran ("Ceriops decandra").

The Sundarbans forest is home to more than 400 tigers. The Royal Bengal Tigers have developed a unique characteristic of swimming in the saline waters. They are famous for their man-eating tendencies. Tigers can be seen on the river banks sunbathing between November and February.

Apart from the Bengal tiger there are also many fishing cats, leopard cats, macaques, wild boar, Indian grey mongoose, fox, jungle cat, flying fox, pangolin, chital.

Some of the birds commonly found in this region are red junglefowls, spot-billed pelicans, great egrets, cormorants, seagulls, common kingfishers, peregrine falcons, woodpeckers, northern pintails, and whistling teals.

Some of the fish and amphibians found in the park are Sawfish, Butter Fish, Electric rays, Silver carp, Star Fish, Common Carp, King Crabs, Prawn, Shrimps, Gangetic Dolphins, Skipping Frogs, Common Toads and Tree Frogs.

The Sundarbans National Park houses a large number of reptiles as well, including estuarine crocodiles, chameleons, monitor lizards, turtles, including Olive Ridley, hawksbill, and green turtles. Snakes include pythons, King Cobras, rat snakes, Russell's vipers, Dog Faced Water Snakes, Chequered Killbacks, and Common Kraits.

The endangered species that live in the Sundarbans are Royal Bengal Tiger, Saltwater Crocodile, River Terrapin, Olive Ridley Turtle, Gangetic dolphin, Ground Turtle, Hawks Bill Turtle and Mangrove horseshoe crab.

In 2001, Sunderban became a Biosphere Reserve. The ecosystem is recognized as part of UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere (MAB) Programme.



Brampton, Eden

Brampton is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a pub called the New Inn.

Maulds Meaburn

Maulds Meaburn is a village in Cumbria, England. It is on the banks of the River Lyvennet.

Kirkby Stephen

Kirkby Stephen is a town and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1832 people living in Kirkby Stephen.


William's Green

William's Green is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Acton, Suffolk

Acton is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. 

In 2001, there were 1,800 people living in Acton.

Calais Street

Calais Street is a hamlet in Boxford, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has three listed buildings, including Corner Cottage, Fourways and Street Farmhouse 1 and 2.

Boxted

Boxted is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 107 people living in Boxted.

Cockfield, Suffolk

Cockfield is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 839 people living in Cockfield.

Bower House Tye

Bower House Tye is a hamlet in Polstead, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has five listed buildings, including Bower House, Brewery Farmhouse, Holly Cottage, Holmwood Cottages 1 and 2 and The Bower Close.

Ash Street

Ash Street is a hamlet in Babergh, Suffolk, England. Ash Street was listed in the Domesday Book as 'Asce'.

Harkstead

Harkstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 276 people living in Harkstead.

René Magritte

René François Ghislain Magritte (21 November 1898 – 15 August 1967) was a Belgian surrealist artist. He was well known for a number of witty and thought-provoking images.

Magritte was born in Lessines, in the province of Hainaut. Little is known about Magritte's early life. He began lessons in drawing in 1910. On 12 March 1912, his mother committed suicide by drowning herself in the River Sambre. 

Magritte's earliest paintings, which date from about 1915, were Impressionistic in style. From 1916 to 1918, he studied at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. He studied under Constant Montald. The paintings he made in the years 1918–1924 were influenced by Futurism and by the offshoot of Cubism practiced by Metzinger. Most of his works of this period are female nudes.

In 1922, Magritte married Georgette Berger From December 1920 until September 1921, Magritte was in the Belgian army Leopoldsburg. In 1922–1923, he worked as a draughtsman in a wallpaper factory. He was a poster and advertisement designer until 1926. In 1926, Magritte made his first surreal painting, "The Lost Jockey" ("Le jockey perdu"). His first exhibition was in Brussels in 1927. Critics did not like his paintings. 

In 1927 he moved to Paris where he became friends with André Breton. He returned to Brussels in 1930 and resumed working in advertising. He and his brother, Paul, formed an agency which earned him a living wage.

Surrealist patron Edward James let Magritte stay rent free in his London home and paint. 

During the German occupation of Belgium in World War II he stayed in Brussels. During 1947–48 he painted in a provocative and crude Fauve style. During this time, Magritte supported himself through making fake Picassos, Braques and Chiricos. Later he printed forged banknotes. At the end of 1948, he returned to the style and themes of his prewar surrealistic art.

His work was exhibited in the United States in New York in 1936. It was shown again at the Museum of Modern Art in 1965, and at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1992.

Magritte died of pancreatic cancer in Brussels on 15 August 1967.

The Magritte Museum opened to the public on 30 May 2009 in Brussels. It is in the five-level neo-classical Hotel Altenloh. The museum shows about 200 original Magritte paintings, drawings and sculptures. The museum also includes Magritte’s experiments with photography from 1920 on and the short surrealist movies he made from 1956 on. 

Luc Tuymans

Luc Tuymans (born 14 June 1958) is an artist who lives and works in Antwerp, Belgium. Tuymans is said to be one of the most influential painters working today.

Tuymans was born in Mortsel, Belgium. He began his studies at the Sint-Lukasinstituut in Brussels in 1976. He then studied at the École Nationale Supérieure des Arts Visuels de la Cambre in Brussels, Belgium (1979–1980) and at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, Belgium (1980–1982). He stopped painting in 1982 and began studying art history at the Vrije Universiteit, Brussels (1982–6). The Belgian government gave him the title of Commander, Order of Leopold in 2007. He is married to Venezuelan artist Carla Arocha.

Tuymans represented Belgium at the Venice Biennale in 2001. He has been the focus of several retrospectives at various international institutions, including the Műcsarnok Kunsthalle in Budapest, Hungary; Haus der Kunst in Munich, Germany; the Zachęta National Gallery of Art in Warsaw, Poland; the Tate Modern, London, England (2004); Museu Serralves, Porto, Portugal; Musée d'Art Moderne et Contemporain (MAMCO), Geneva, Switzerland (both 2006); and, most recently (2011) the BOZAR Centre for Fine Arts in Brussels, Belgium. The artist’s first U.S. retrospective opened in September 2009 at the Wexner Center for the Arts in Columbus, Ohio, and travelled to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Dallas Museum of Art and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago.

Work by the artist is in the public collections of various museums, including the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York, New York; Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois; The Museum of Modern Art, New York, New York; San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, California; Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Los Angeles, California; Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst, Antwerp, Belgium; Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst, Ghent, Belgium; Bonnefanten Museum, Maastricht; Centre Pompidou, Paris; Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, Wolfsburg; Museum fuer Moderne Kunst, Frankfurt; Pinakothek der Moderne, Munich; and the Tate Gallery, London.

In 2005, "Sculpture" (2000), part of Tuymans' "Mwana Kitoko: Beautiful White Man" series, was sold at Christie's New York, for $1,472,000.

Victor Horta

Victor, Baron Horta (6 January 1861 - 8 September 1947) was a Belgian architect and designer. John Julius Norwich said he was "undoubtedly the key European Art Nouveau architect." Horta is one of the most important names in Art Nouveau architecture. Some people say his Hôtel Tassel in Brussels was the first time the style was used on architecture.

In 1932 King Albert I of Belgium gave Horta the title of Baron for his services to architecture. Four of the buildings he designed are UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

Horta had a great interest in music since childhood. In 1873 he went to study musical theory at the Ghent Conservatory. He was removed for bad behaviour. He then joined the Department of Architecture at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Ghent instead. In 1878 Horta left for Paris. He found work with architect and designer Jules Debuysson in Montmartre. There he was inspired by the impressionist and pointillist artists, and also by the possibilities of working in iron and glass.

When Horta's father died in 1880, he returned to Belgium and moved to Brussels. He married his first wife. He studied architecture at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts. In Brussels Horta made a friendship with Paul Hankar. He became an assistant for his professor Alphonse Balat, architect to Leopold II of Belgium. Together they designed the royal Greenhouses of Laeken, Horta's first work to use glass and iron.

In 1884 Horta won the first Prix Godecharle to be awarded for Architecture.

By 1885 Horta worked on his own. He was commissioned to design three houses. The same year he also joined the Central Society of Belgian Architecture. Over the next few years he was in a number of competitions for public work. He worked with sculptors (notably his friend Godefroid Devresse) on statuary and even tombs. He won a number of prizes. He thought the forms he made were highly practical and not artistic.

During this period, Horta joined the freemasons. This gave him many clients when he returned to designing houses and shops in 1893.

Horta was appointed Head of Graphic Design for Architecture at the Université Libre de Bruxelles in 1892. He became Professor of Architecture in 1893. He worked there until 1911.

Many of Horta's buildings were destroyed. However, several of Horta’s buildings are still standing in Brussels. Most notable are the "Magasins Waucquez", formerly a department store, now the Brussels Comic Book Museum and four of his private houses ("hôtels"), which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites:

Henry van de Velde

Henry Clemens Van de Velde (3 April 1863, Antwerp – 15 October 1957, Zürich) was a Belgian painter, architect and interior designer. Together with Victor Horta and Paul Hankar he is one of the main founders of Art Nouveau in Belgium. Van de Velde spent the most important part of his career in Germany.

Van de Velde studied painting in Antwerp, under Charles Verlat and in Paris under Carolus-Duran. As a young painter he was influenced by Paul Signac and Georges Seurat. He used a neo-impressionist style. In 1889 he became a member of the Brussels-based artist group "Les XX". During this period he made a lasting friendship with the painter Théo van Rysselberghe and the sculptor Constantin Meunier.

In 1892 he stopped painting. Instead he worked on the arts of decoration and interior design. His own house, "Bloemenwerf" in Ukkel, was his first try at architecture. He also made interiors and furniture for the art gallery "L'Art Nouveau" of Samuel Bing in Paris in 1895. This gave the movement its first name as Art Nouveau.

Around the turn of the century, he designed Villa Leuring in the Netherlands, and Villa Esche in Chemnitz, two works that show his Art Nouveau style in architecture. He also designed the interior of the Folkwang Museum in Hagen. In 1905 he was asked by the Grand Duke of Weimar to make the Grand-Ducal School of Arts and Crafts in Weimar.

Although a Belgian, Van de Velde would play an important role in the German Werkbund. This group was made to help improve and promote German design by making close relations between industry and designers. He went against Hermann Muthesius at the Werkbund meeting of 1914. Their debate marked the history of Modern Architecture. Van de Velde wanted individuality of artists while Hermann Muthesius wanted standardization.

During World War I, Van de Velde, as a foreign national, was made to leave Weimar. During this period, he mentored the great Belgian architect, Victor Bourgeois.

During World War I, he lived in Switzerland and in the Netherlands. He designed the Kröller-Müller Museum in Otterlo. From 1926 to 1936, Van de Velde was professor at Ghent University.

Super Bowl XX

Super Bowl XX was the 20th Super Bowl played. The game was played at the Louisiana Superdome on January 26, 1986. The game was between the 9-5 Detroit Lions of the NFC and the 13-1 Denver Broncos of the AFC. The game's national anthem was performed by Wynton Marsalis and the halftime show was played by Up With People. The Lions won their first Super Bowl 45-7, but did not go to the White House because of the Space Shuttle Challenger explosion. In 2010, the Bears did go to the White House, even though Walter Payton and Dave Duerson did not attend due to their deaths.

The game started badly for the Bears when Walter Payton fumbled the ball and New England got the ball. Kicker Tony Franklin then scored first for the Patriots. Later, the Bears scored when Kevin Butler kicked 2 field goals, and then Matt Suhey scored. In the 2nd quarter, Jim McMahon scored a touchdown, and then Butler kicked another field goal. The Bears then scored 3 touchdowns in the third quarter, and New England would finally score a touchdown in the fourth quarter, but Patriots quarterback Steve Grogan was sacked in the end zone for 2 points.

The Super Bowl MVP of the game was Bears defensive end Richard Dent, who had 1½ sacks—part of the Bears scoring a Super Bowl-high 7 sacks—and 2 forced fumbles.


Nippon Maru

"Nippon Maru" was built in Kobe in 1930. It was a training ship for the cadets of the Japanese merchant marine. 

The ship became a museum in 1984.


Henri Vieuxtemps

Henri François Joseph Vieuxtemps (17 February 1820 - 6 June 1881) was a Belgian composer and violinist. 

Vieuxtemps was born in Verviers, Belgium. He received his first violin instruction from his father and a local teacher. He gave his first public performance at the age of six, playing a concerto by Pierre Rode. Soon he was giving concerts in surrounding cities, including Liège and Brussels. He met the violinist Charles Auguste de Bériot in Brussels. He then began to study with Bériot. In 1829, Bériot took him to Paris. He had to return to Belgium the next year because of the July Revolution and Bériot's marriage to his mistress Maria Malibran. Back in Brussels, Vieuxtemps developed his violin technique on his own. He began playing with Pauline Viardot. A tour of Germany in 1833 brought friendship with Louis Spohr and with Robert Schumann. During the following decade he visited various European cities. He impressed audiences and famous musicians such as Hector Berlioz and Paganini.

Vieuxtemps wanted to become a composer as well. He took lessons with the respected Simon Sechter in Vienna and spent the winter of 1835–1836 studying composition with Anton Reicha in Paris. His first violin concerto, later published as Concerto No. 2, dates from this time.

Vieuxtemps continued to compose with great success and perform throughout Europe. He played with the pianist Sigismond Thalberg in the United States. He was particularly admired in Russia. He lived there between 1846 and 1851 as a court musician of Tsar Nicholas I and soloist in the Imperial Theatre. He founded the violin school of the Saint Petersburg Conservatory. In 1871, he returned to Belgium to be a Professor at the Brussels Conservatory.

A paralytic stroke disabled his right arm two years later. He moved to Paris again. Although he seemed to be slowly recovering from his stroke, another one in 1879 ended his career as a violinist for good. He spent his last years in a sanatorium in Mustapha Supérieur, Algeria. He continued to compose.

Eugène Ysaÿe

Eugène Ysaÿe (16 July 1858 – 12 May 1931) was a Belgian violinist, composer and conductor. He was born in Liège. He was called "The King of the Violin", or, as Nathan Milstein put it, the "tzar". His brother was pianist and composer Théo Ysaÿe.

Ysaÿe began violin lessons at age five with his father. At seven he entered the Conservatoire at Liège studying with Désiré Heynberg. When he was twelve, Henri Vieuxtemps took an interest in his talent. He arranged for Ysaÿe to study with Henryk Wieniawski.

After his graduation from the Royal Conservatory of Liège, Ysaÿe was the principal violin of the Benjamin Bilse beer-hall orchestra. This orchestra later became the Berlin Philharmonic. Many musicians of note and influence came regularly to hear this orchestra and Ysaÿe in particular. Some of these musicians were Joseph Joachim, Franz Liszt, Clara Schumann, and Anton Rubinstein. Rubinstein asked for Ysaÿe to be released from his contract to go with him on tour.

When Ysaÿe was twenty-seven years old, he was recommended as a soloist for one of the Concerts Colonne in Paris. This was the start of his great success as a concert artist. The next year, Ysaÿe received a professorship at the Brussels Conservatoire. During his time as professor at the Conservatoire, Ysaÿe continued to tour the world. This included all of Europe, Russia, and the United States.

He had physical problems that affected his hands. As these grew worse, Ysaÿe turned more to teaching, conducting and an early love, composition. In 1918, he accepted the music director's position with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. He stayed until 1922.

In 1931, suffering from diabetes, Eugène Ysaÿe died in his house in Brussels.

Ysaÿe was married twice. His first marrriage, on 29 September 1886, was to Louise Bourdeau de Coutrai. They had three sons. 
After Louise's death in 1924 he married a pupil of his, Jeanette Dincin. She was 44 years younger than him. Ysaÿe met her in 1922 while conductor of the Cincinnati Orchestra. She cared for him in his ailing years.

Eugène Ysaÿe was close friends with Queen Elisabeth of Belgium. He taught her the violin. His widow took over the royal teaching after his death. The queen began a competition in his honor.

Ysaÿe was also a friend of Claude Debussy. They would trade letters.

He had a relationship with Irma Sèthe.

Arthur Grumiaux

Arthur Grumiaux (21 March 1921–16 October 1986) was a Belgian violinist and pianist.

Grumiaux was born in Villers-Perwin, Belgium. His grandfather urged him to begin music studies at the age of only 4. He trained on violin and piano with the Fernand Quintet at the Charleroi Conservatory. He took first prize at the age of 11. He received his first few major awards before reaching the age of 20. He took the Henry Vieuxtemps and François Prume prizes in 1939, and the Prix de Virtuosité from the Belgian government in 1940. During this time he also studied composition privately in Paris with the famous Romanian violinist George Enescu.

His debut was made in Belgium with the Brussels Philharmonic Orchestra. Then in Britain with the BBC Symphony Orchestra in 1945. Following his British debut, he was made professor of violin at the Royal Conservatory, where he had once studied. His playing often brought comparisons to another great Belgian violinist Eugène Ysaÿe and also to Pablo de Sarasate of Spain.

One of his greatest joys in life was his partnership with the pianist Clara Haskil, the Romanian-born Swiss classical pianist. Sometimes the two would switch instruments for a different perspective and relationship. Grumiaux was left with a professional and personal loss when she died from a fall at a train station, on the way to a concert with him.

In 1973 he was knighted baron by King Baudouin for his services to music.

Despite a having diabetes, Grumiaux continued a schedule of recording and concert performances, mostly in Western Europe. He died of a sudden stroke in Brussels in 1986 at the age of 65.

Toots Thielemans

Jean-Baptiste Frédéric Isidor, Baron Thielemans (29 April 1922 – 22 August 2016), known as Toots Thielemans, was a Belgian jazz musician. He is well known for his guitar and harmonica playing as well as his whistling. Thielemans is one of the greatest harmonica players of the 20th century.

He worked as a bandleader, as a sideman, and has been on dozens of movie soundtracks. In 2009 he became NEA Jazz Master, the highest honour for a jazz musician in the United States.

He is perhaps best-known to the American public for whistling the melody in commercials for Old Spice cologne.
Thielemans started his career as a guitar player. In 1949 he joined a jam session in Paris with Sidney Bechet, Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, Max Roach and others. In 1949 and 1950 he was in European tours with Benny Goodman. He made his first record in Paris with fellow band member, tenor saxophonist Zoot Sims. In 1951 he became a band member of the Bobbejaan Schoepen.

He moved to the US in 1952. He was a member of Charlie Parker's All-Stars and worked with Miles Davis and Dinah Washington. He played and recorded with Ella Fitzgerald, Jaco Pastorius, Peggy Lee, The George Shearing Quintet, Quincy Jones, Oscar Peterson, Bill Evans, Paul Simon, Billy Joel, The Happenings, Astrud Gilberto, Shirley Horn, Elis Regina and others.

A jazz standard by Toots Thielemans is "Bluesette" where he used whistling and guitar in unison. First recorded by Toots in 1962, with words added by Norman Gimbel the song became a major worldwide hit. His harmonica playing can also be heard in movies such as "Midnight Cowboy", "Jean de Florette", "Sugarland Express", "The Yakuza", "Turkish Delight", "The Getaway", "French Kiss", "Dunderklumpen". His music was also in TV programs, including "Sesame Street", the Belgian TV series "Witse", and the Dutch TV series "Baantjer". He made the music for the 1974 Swedish movie "Dunderklumpen!". He also voiced the animated character Pellegnillot.

His whistling and harmonica playing can be heard on Old Spice radio and TV commercials that have been made over the years. During the 1980s he performed with bassist and composer/bandleader Jaco Pastorius. In 1983 he was on Billy Joel's album "An Innocent Man", and his trademark harmonica can be heard on "Leave a Tender Moment Alone." A year later, he appeared on the Julian Lennon song "Too Late For Goodbyes" from the album "Valotte". In 1984, he recorded the final album of Billy Eckstine (I Am A Singer). In 1998 he released a French style album titled "Chez Toots". It included "Les Moulins De Mon Coeur (The Mills of my Heart)" featuring guest singer Johnny Mathis.

Apart from his popularity as a musician, he was well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor. In 2001 Thielemans was ennobled a baron by King Albert II of Belgium. 

Jacques Brel

Jacques Brel (8 April 1929 – 9 October 1978) was a Belgian singer-songwriter. He was widely said to be a master of the modern chanson. Although he recorded most of his songs in French, he became a major influence on English-speaking songwriters and performers. Some of these were David Bowie, Leonard Cohen, and Rod McKuen. English translations of his songs were recorded by many top performers in the United States. These include Ray Charles, Judy Collins, John Denver, the Kingston Trio, Nina Simone, Frank Sinatra, Scott Walker, and Andy Williams. In French-speaking countries, Brel was also a successful actor, appearing in ten movies. He also directed two movies. "Le Far West" was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1973. Brel died of lung cancer. He has sold over 25 million records worldwide. He is the third best-selling Belgian recording artist of all time.






Bank vole

The bank vole ("Myodes glareolus") is a small, type of vole with red-brown fur with some grey patches, its body is around 100 millimeters (3.9 in) long in length and the tail is around 50 millimeters long. They weigh around 20 to 35 grams, they have blunt noses and have small eyes and ears.

The Bank vole lives in woodlands, oak woods, farmlands, hedgerows, and grasslands in Europe (except for the north and south) and east, north, and central Asia.

The Bank Vole is active during both, day and night, but they rest a lot to stop themselves from getting tired. They make their nests under logs, in tree holes, or sometimes underground. In the autumn they store food for the winter. 

Bank voles are omnivorous, meaning that they eat other animals and plants. They eat insects, snails, grass, seeds, fungi, leaves and fruit, like raspberry and hazelnut. They have also been known to eat the bodies of dead animals.

Baby Bank voles are born in nests made of grass, moss and feathers. The nests are built above ground, usually in trees. When the babies are born they have no fur and are blind. They live on their mothers milk for the first few weeks of their life. A mother Bank vole has an average of six babies at a time, and can have five litters in a season. A baby Bank vole born in spring will be old enough to breed by the time fall comes. A Bank vole lives for an average of 18 to 20 months.

Some predators of the Bank vole are the Barn owls, the Tawny owls, the fox, the weasel, and the stoat.

Dead Man

Dead Man is an American western movie from 1995. Billy Bob Thornton and Johnny Depp are the main stars. It got mixed reviews from many critics. It was by Miramax.

Telex (band)

The Belgian synthpop group Telex was formed in 1978 by Marc Moulin, Dan Lacksman, and Michel Moers. They mixed disco, punk and experimental electronic music.

Like Kraftwerk, Telex built its music entirely from electronic instruments.

In 1980 Telex's manager asked the group to enter the Eurovision Song Contest. The group entered and were sent to the finals. The group's song "Euro-Vision" was a cheerful bleepy song with deliberately banal lyrics about the contest itself. The Eurovision audience seemed unsure how to react to the performance. After the band stopped playing, there was mostly stunned silence. Michel Moers took a photograph of the bewildered audience. The band walked off to sounds of muttering. When vote-counting began, and Greece awarded Belgium three points. The announcer thought she misheard and tried to award the points to the Netherlands.

For its third album, Telex got the help of US group Sparks to help write the lyrics. However, the band still would not play live. This is common practice for techno music artists, but unusual in 1981. The fourth Telex album, "Wonderful World", was barely distributed.

In 1986, Atlantic Records signed Telex. At this time the band was using sampling and a more up-tempo humorous style. 

In 1989, Telex revisited all of its old tracks and remixed them to be like house music.

After almost two decades of silence, Telex made a comeback in March 2006 with "How Do You Dance" on EMI Records. It had five original songs as well as five covers.



Huyi District

Huyi District (, pinyin:HùYì Qū) is a District of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. Qinling Mountain is to the south. Wei River is to the north. Chang'an District is to the east. Zhouzhi County is to the west. It covers . As of November 2010, 556,377 people lived there.

In Xia Dynasty (2100 BC - 1600 BC), here named Hushi Country (扈氏国), meaning "Hu family's country", it's the origin of Hu County. After changed some names, it named Hu Country (扈国). And in Qin Dynasty (221 BC -206 BC), "扈" changed to "鄠" in Chinese language, and then country changed to county. In 1964, "鄠" changed to "户".Chinese government changed its name from "Hu County(户县)" to "Huyi District(鄠邑区)"On Nov. 24,2016.

There are 14 towns in Huyi:

Ganting,Yuxia,Zuan,Qinduz,Dawang,Caotang,Jiangcun,Pangguang,Laodian,Ganhe,Shijing,Yuchan,Wuzhu and Weifeng.

Railway:Xi'an–Chengdu high-speed railway,Xi'an-Yuxia Railway.

Railway Station:Huyi Railway Station,Yuxia Railway Station.

Reagill

Reagill is a hamlet in Crosby Ravensworth, Eden, Cumbria, England. It has four listed buildings, including Garden Structure 50 Metres South of Yew Tree Farmhouse, Garden Structure South East of Yew Tree Farmhouse, Reagill Grange and Village Hall.

Newbiggin

Newbiggin is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 96 people living in Newbiggin.

Drakestone Green

Drakestone Green is a hamlet in Semer, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Stone Street

Stone Street is a hamlet in Boxford, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Cornard Tye

Cornard Tye is a hamlet in Great Cornard, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Chelsworth Common

Chelsworth Common is a hamlet in Chelsworth, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has two listed buildings, including Lower Common Farmhouse and Upper Common Cottages.

Hagmore Green

Hagmore Green is a hamlet in Boxford, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Hartest

Hartest is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 427 people living in Hartest.

Holbrook, Suffolk

Holbrook is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2317 people living in Holbrook.

Lawshall

Lawshall is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 935 people living in Lawshall. It has a church called All Saints.

Dorking Tye

Dorking Tye is a hamlet in Assington, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Hoff

Hoff is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 189 people living in Hoff.

Pope Gregory XVI

Pope Gregory XVI (, ; 18 September 1765 – 1 June 1846), born Bartolomeo Alberto Cappellari, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 255th Pope from 1831 to 1846.

Bartolomeo Alberto Cappellari was born in 1765 in Belluno, which was part of then in the Republic of Venice. 

He became a monk in 1783; and he took the name Mauro. Dom Mauro became a priest in 1787.

Pope Pius VII confirmed his election as Abbot Vicar of the San Gregorio Monastery in 1805.

In 1825, Leo XII made Dom Mauro a cardinal. 

In 1831, Cardinal Capillaria was elected Pope; and he chose to be called Gregory Gregory.

He use Austrian troops to stop a revolution in the Papal States.



Orton

Orton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 594 people living in Orton.

Eamont Bridge

Eamont Bridge is a village in Cumbria, England. It is on the A6 highway, one mile south of the town of Penrith.


Great Asby

Great Asby is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St Peter's Church.

Great Ormside

Great Ormside is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St James' Church.

Texas coral snake

The Texas coral snake (Micrurus tener) is a species of venomous snake. All coral snakes are shy, secretive animals, and are nocturnal. They spend most of their time hiding in leaf litter, under logs, or in burrows in the ground.

The Texas coral snake has a pattern of black,yellow, and red stripes on its skin. It is able to grow to the length of 40 inches(100cm) but most grow to around 24 inches(61cm). Males are smaller than females. They have smooth scales, a round head, and eyes with round pupils. 

It ranges from the southern United States, south to northeastern and central Mexico. It lives in the states of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosí, Guanajuato, Querétaro and Morelos.

They mainly eat other snakes, they will also sometimes eat small lizards.

Minka

Minka are traditional houses and private residences of farmers, artisans, and merchants

There are several types or styles of "minka", including


Minka (disambiguation)

Minka can refer to:



Iceboat

Iceboats are a type of boat that run on ice. They have sails. Most boats are made to fit only one person. They can be much faster than boats in water.

Ice yachting is the sport of sailing and racing iceboats.

State Bank of India

State Bank of India (SBI) is an Indian multinational public sector bank and financial services statutory body headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra. SBI is the 43rd largest bank in the world and ranked 221st in the "Fortune Global 500" list of the world's biggest corporations of 2020, being the only Indian bank on the list. It is a public sector bank and the largest bank in India with a 23% market share by assets and a 25% share of the total loan and deposits market. It is also the fifth largest employer in India with nearly 250,000 employees.

The bank descends from the Bank of Calcutta, founded in 1806 via the Imperial Bank of India, making it the oldest commercial bank in the Indian Subcontinent. The Bank of Madras merged into the other two presidency banks in British India, the Bank of Calcutta and the Bank of Bombay, to form the Imperial Bank of India, which in turn became the State Bank of India in 1955. The Government of India took control of the Imperial Bank of India in 1955, with Reserve Bank of India (India's central bank) taking a 60% stake, renaming it State Bank of India.

The State Bank of India was established on July 1, 1955.
The symbol of the State Bank of India is a circle with a small man at the center of the circle. The circle is a symbol of perfection and the common man is at the centre of the bank's business.

The bank is known by several slogans, including

SBI has five associate banks.


Leavenheath

Leavenheath is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1373 people living in Leavenheath.

Somerton, Suffolk

Somerton is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 81 people living in Somerton.

Wherstead

Wherstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 342 people living in Wherstead.

Hunsonby

Hunsonby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 383 people living in Hunsonby.

Crosby Garrett

Crosby Garrett is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 112 people living in Crosby Garrett.

Hartley, Cumbria

Hartley is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 133 people living in Hartley.

Kaber

Kaber is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 89 people living in Kaber.

Askham

Askham is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 360 people living in Askham.

Knock

Knock is a village in Cumbria, England. It is north of Appleby-in-Westmorland.

Winton

Winton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 213 people living in Winton.

Drybeck

Drybeck is a village in Cumbria, England. There is a large building in the village called Drybeck Hall, which was built in 1679.

Hutton

Hutton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 326 people living in Hutton.

Skelton

Skelton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1,059 people living in Skelton.

Helbeck

Helbeck is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 19 people living in Helbeck.

Lazonby

Lazonby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 980 people living in Lazonby.

Bampton

Bampton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 283 people living in Bampton.

Skirwith

Skirwith is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St John's Church.

Kirkoswald

Kirkoswald is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 870 people living in Kirkoswald.

Mungrisdale

Mungrisdale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 284 people living in Mungrisdale.

Martindale

Martindale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 49 people living in Martindale.

Stainton

Stainton is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a primary school.

Threlkeld

Threlkeld is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 454 people living in Threlkeld. It has a church called St Mary's Church.

Northern white rhinoceros

The Northern white rhinoceros, or the Northern square-lipped rhinoceros ("Ceratotherium simum cottoni"), is one of the two subspecies of the white rhinoceros. These animals are extinct in the wild, but there were currently seven left in captivity. These seven lived in the Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic. Four of the seven rhinoceroses were transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya, Africa, where scientists hope they will successfully breed and save this subspecies from extinction. One of three remaining in the Czech Republic died in late May 2011. The two other rhinoceroses now live at the San Diego Zoo's Safari Park in California. 

In March 2018, Sudan, the last male white rhinoceros, died after being euthanized.

The northern white rhinoceros eats mainly grass, and other low lying vegetation. They can live for around 40 to 65 years.

Iolaos

In Greek mythology, Iolaus (, "Iólaos") was the nephew of Herakles, son of the hero's twin brother Iphicles and Automedusa. He was famed for having assisted Herakles in completing his Labors, serving as the hero's charioteer. A genus of Lycaenid butterfly has been named after him. 

Shangzhou District

Shangzhou District (, pinyin:Shāngzhōu Qū), is a district of Shangluo Municipality, Shaanxi, China. The Shangluo Government is here. It covers . As of November 2010, 531,646 people lived here It was formerly known as Shangluo (上洛, meaning up Luo, not Shangluo Municipality), because it is in upstream of Luo River.

Pagoda

A pagoda is any kind of tower with multiple eaves. They are common in eastern and southeastern Asia. Most pagodas are built for religious purposes. Most are usually Buddhist temples, while some are also used as Taoist temples and Muslim mosques and Gongbeis. 

These were first built during the 3rd century BC. This kind of architecture has spread across Asia, taking on many differences as details specific to different regions are made a part of the overall design. Stupas were used to house Buddhist relics. Later, the architecture of Chinese towers and Chinese pavilions blended into pagoda architecture. This eventually spread to Southeast Asia. The pagoda's original purpose was to house relics and sacred writings.


Church of the Nativity

The Church of the Nativity is a church in Bethlehem. It is one of the oldest churches in the world. It is built over the cave that tradition marks as the birthplace of Jesus. It is considered very sacred to Christians and Muslims.

The main basilica is maintained by the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem. Underneath the building is a cave or grotto. It is where Jesus is said to have been born. On Christmas Eve, crowds gather to sing Christmas carols outside the church in an area called Manger Square. The crowds also go to celebrate midnight mass at the Church of Saint Catherine, a Roman Catholic church next door to the basilica. It is performed by the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem.

The basilica has been reported to be not very well preserved. The Palestinian government started restoring the buildings in 2010. It was made a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in June 2012. It is the first World Heritage Site listed under Palestine. It was listed as being in danger.

Krater

A krater was a large ceramic vase. Kraters were used to mix wine and water in Ancient Greece. Once filled, the krater was heavy and not easily moved. Another vessel was dipped into the mix. This vessel was then used to fill other vessels such as wine cups. The krater was the centerpiece of a party in Ancient Greece. A special person was chosen by party guests to take care of the krater.

John Dryden

John Dryden (9 August 1631 – 1 May 1700) was an English poet laureate and playwright.

He was the oldest of fourteen children born to Erasmus Dryden and wife Mary Pickering. As a boy Dryden lived in the nearby village of Titchmarsh, Northamptonshire. In 1644 he was sent to Westminster School. In the late twentieth century a house at Westminster was founded in his name.

In 1650 Dryden went up to Trinity College, Cambridge. After graduating, he went to London. Dryden got work with the Secretary of State, John Thurloe.

On 1 December 1663 Dryden married the royalist sister of Sir Robert Howard—Lady Elizabeth. They had three sons.

His first play, "The Wild Gallant" was in 1663. It was not successful. But from 1668 on he was contracted to make three plays a year for the King's Company.

In 1693 Dryden famously said about English language that "We have yet no prosody, not so much tolerable dictionary, or a grammar, so that our language is in a manner barbarous." Following the century's ill formed ideas like latinising English, Dryden considered English as inferior and before expressing anything English in his works he transcribed them first into Latin. He promoted the need of a regulatory body in English like the French Academy, this idea has been carried on by others after his death like by Daniel Fefoe, John Adams and other organized bodies into the 21st century. This arresting in change was deplored in each ages.

Eleanor of Castile

Eleanor of Castile (1241 – 28 November 1290) was the queen of Edward I of England. She was also Countess of Ponthieu from 1279 until her death in 1290.

Edward and Eleanor married at the monastery of Las Huelgas, Burgos on 1 November 1254. Several of her relatives came to England soon after her marriage. Edward's father Henry III of England spent much money on her relatives. This made the people not like her, even though she could not stop it.

In the 1260s, the Second Barons' War started between Henry III and his barons. This divided the kingdom. Eleanor supported her husband Edward. Edward was captured at Lewes and imprisoned. Eleanor was honourably kept at Westminster Palace. 

In 1270 Edward and Eleanor left to join his uncle Louis IX of France on the Eighth Crusade. Louis died at Carthage. They spent the winter in Sicily. Then the couple went on to Acre in Palestine.

They left Palestine in September 1272. In Sicily that December they learned of Henry III's death. Edward and Eleanor returned to England and were crowned together on 19 August 1274.

Eleanor of Castile was born to the Castilian King, Ferdinand III and his wife, Queen Joan of Ponthieu in the early 1240s. When her father died, her step brother, Alfonso X, ascended to the throne where he and King Henry III arranged her marriage. In Spain, at age 10-12 she was married to King Henry’s son, Edward, who was only 15 at the time in 1254. She went with her husband, Lord Edward of England, who was leading an important crusade in 1270. As a gift to celebrate their wedding, her step brother gave Edward the region of Gascony. Edward also gained the lands of Montreuil and Ponthieu through Eleanor. When Eleanor first moved to England, King Henry III “Ordered that her apartments be furnished "in Castilian fashion" to make her feel more comfortable.” In 1264 she was moved to France for her safety when war broke out and did not return until about a year later. In 1270 she went on the 8th crusade with Edward to the Holy Land and returned in August 19, 1274 to be crowned. Since Eleanor was foreign, many of her subjects did not like her. On November 28, 1290, Eleanor died of a fever, leaving Edward to write, "I loved her dearly during her lifetime . . . . I shall not cease to love her now that she is dead."


Philippa of Hainault

Philippa of Hainault (24 June 1313 15 August 1369) was the queen of Edward III of England.

Philippa was the daughter of William I, Count of Hainaut, nicknamed "the Good", and Joan of Valois, the granddaughter of Philip III of France. 

King Edward II wanted an alliance with Flanders to benefit England. He sent Bishop Stapledon to choose a good wife for Prince Edward. He chose Philippa who was about nine years old at that time. Four years later Philippa was betrothed to Prince Edward. 

Philippa married Edward at York Minster, on 24 January 1328. This was eleven months after he was made King. The real rulers of the kingdom were his mother, Queen Dowager Isabella and her lover Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March. They jointly acted as his regents. The couple lived at Woodstock Palace in Oxfordshire. Philippa was crowned queen on 4 March 1330 at Westminster Abbey. She was almost six months pregnant. She gave birth to her first son, Edward, the following June just nine days before her seventeenth birthday.

In October 1330, King Edward began to rule. He ordered the arrest of his mother and Mortimer. Mortimer was killed for treason. Queen Dowager Isabella was sent to Castle Rising in Norfolk, where she spent the rest of her life.

Philippa went with Edward on his trips to Scotland, and the European continent in his early campaigns of the Hundred Years' War. She acted as regent in England on several times when her husband was away from his kingdom. 

On 15 August 1369, Philippa died of an illness similar to dropsy in Windsor Castle at the age of fifty-six. By all accounts, her forty-year marriage to Edward had been happy. Even though he had an affair with her lady-in-waiting, Alice Perrers, during the later years.

The Queen's College, Oxford is named after Philippa. It was founded in 1341 by one of her chaplains, Robert de Eglesfield, in her honour.

Anne of Bohemia

Anne of Bohemia (11 May 1366 – 7 June 1394) was the queen of Richard II of England. She was the oldest daughter of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor and Elizabeth of Pomerania.

Many people did not like the marriage. It did not bring money and very little other benefits. Richard gave 20,000 florins (around £4,000,000 in today's value) in payment to her brother Wenceslas. The only benefit, which was said to be small, was that England could trade freely in both Bohemian lands, and lands of the Holy Roman Empire.

Anne and King Richard II were married in Westminster Abbey on 22 January 1382. The wedding was the fifth royal wedding in Westminster Abbey. It was not followed by any other royal wedding in Westminster Abbey for another 537 years.

They were married for 12 years, but had no children. Anne's death from plague in 1394 at Sheen Manor was hard for Richard. His later unwise conduct lost him the throne. Richard married his second wife, Isabella of Valois, on 31 October 1396.

Anne of Bohemia is known to have made the sidesaddle more popular to ladies of the Middle Ages.

Catherine of Valois

Catherine of Valois (27 October 1401 – 3 January 1437) was the queen of Henry V of England and the mother of Henry VI of England. She was the daughter of King Charles VI of France and his wife Isabelle of Bavaria.

Catherine had a secret relationship with Owen Tudor. Through this she became the grandmother of Henry VII of England.

In May 1420, a peace treaty was made between England and France. Charles made Henry of England his heir. Catherine and Henry were married at the Parish Church of St John or at Troyes Cathedral on 2 June 1420. Catherine went to England with her new husband. She was crowned queen in Westminster Abbey on 23 February 1421.

Catherine gave birth to Prince Henry on 6 December 1421 at Windsor. The boy and his father would never see each other. During the siege of Meaux, Henry V had a fatal illness (dysentery) and died on 31 August 1422, just before his 35th birthday. Catherine was not quite 21 and was left a widow and Dowager Queen of England. Charles VI then died. This made the young Henry VI king of England and English-occupied northern France.

The Parliament made a rule that the Dowager Queen could not marry without the King's approval. If the Queen remarried without the king's consent, the husband would lose his lands and possessions, although any children of the marriage would still be members of the royal family. Parliament also said the king could only give permission when reached his majority age. At the time the bill was written, the king was only six years old.

Catherine entered into a relationship with Owen Tudor of Wales. It is unclear if they were ever married. Owen and Catherine had at least six children. Edmund, Jasper and Owen were all born away from court. They had two daughters, Tacinda, who married Reginald Grey, 7th Baron Grey de Wilton and Margaret who became a nun.

Catherine died on 3 January 1437, shortly after childbirth, in London.


Anne Neville

Anne Neville (11 June 1456 16 March 1485) was Princess of Wales as the wife of Edward of Westminster and was the queen of Richard III of England. She had just one son, Edward. She was the daughter of Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick,
Anne was formally betrothed to Queen Margaret's son, Edward of Westminster at the Chateau d'Amboise in France. They were married in Angers Cathedral probably on 13 December 1470. Because of the death of Prince Edward at the Battle of Tewkesbury on 4 May 1471, she was taken prisoner along with Queen Margaret. She was taken first to Coventry and then to the Duke of Clarence's house in London. The Duke of Clarence was Richard's (the future King's) brother and married to Anne's sister Isabella. He wanted to keep all the Neville money and would not let her leave. Richard rescued Anne. They were married the next year.

The wedding of Anne Neville and Richard, Duke of Gloucester (later Richard III of England) took place on 12 July 1472, at Westminster Abbey. They lived in Middleham Castle. Upon her marriage, she was called Duchess of Gloucester. They had only one child, Edward, born at Middleham around 1473.
On 9 April 1483, Edward IV died. Richard was named Lord Protector for his 12-year-old nephew Edward V. On 25 June 1483, Edward was said to be illegitimate. Richard took the throne as King Richard III. Anne was crowned on 6 July 1483. Her son was made Prince of Wales.

Edward died suddenly on 9 April 1484, at Sheriff Hutton, while his parents were absent. He was then 10 years old. After the death of his son and heir, rumours said that Richard planned to divorce Anne and marry his niece, Elizabeth of York. There is little evidence for this. After the death of her son, Anne began to raise Richard's nephew, Edward, Earl of Warwick, the nine-year-old son of George of Clarence. Richard made the boy his heir. After Anne died, Richard quickly named another nephew, John de la Pole, Earl of Lincoln, as his heir.

Anne died on 16 March 1485 of tuberculosis, at Westminster.

Andrew Motion

Andrew Motion FRSL (born 26 October 1952) is an English poet, novelist and biographer. He was Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1999 to 2009.

Motion was born in London and moved to Stisted, Essex at age 12. He went to Radley College. He studied English at University College, Oxford. Between 1976 and 1980, Motion taught English at the University of Hull. While there, at age 24, he had his first volume of poetry published. Motion edited the Poetry Society's "Poetry Review" from 1980–1982. He was Editorial Director and Poetry Editor at Chatto & Windus (1983–89).

Motion was made Poet Laureate on 1 May 1999. This was following the death of Ted Hughes. Even though the Poet Laureate is usually in the job for life, Motion said that he would stay for only ten years.

He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. In 2003, he became Professor of Creative Writing at Royal Holloway, University of London. Since July 2009, Motion has been Chairman of the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council (MLA).

Motion's marriage to Joanna Powell ended in 1983. He was married to Jan Dalley from 1985 to 2009. They divorced after a seven-year separation. They had one son born in 1986 and twins, a son and a daughter, born in 1988. He lives in Islington, North London.

Motion was elected Prime Minister of Somalia in 1994 in recognition of his poetry's literary achievements. 

Natalia Goncharova

Natalia Sergeevna Goncharova (16 June 1881 17 October 1962) was a Russian painter, designer and writer. She was an avant-garde artist: her art styles were influenced by fauvism, cubism and futurism. As a designer she was notable for her set and costume creations for ballet and theatre.

Goncharova holds the world record for the price paid for a work of art by a woman. The painting was Goncharova's 1912 still-life "The Flowers", and it sold for $U.S. 10.8 million.

Natalia Goncharova studied sculpture in Moscow, but worked as a painter and designer. She was inspired both by an interest in Russian folk art, and by modernism in art. With her lifelong partner Mikhail Larionov she first developed a style called Rayonism. They part of the pre-Revolution Russian avant-garde. They helped to organise the so-called 'Donkey's Tail' exhibition of 1912, and showed their work at the Der Blaue Reiter exhibition in Munich the same year.

Goncharova became famous in Russia for her Futurist work such as "The Cyclist" and her later Rayonist works. They organised lecture evenings and Goncharova wrote and illustrating a book in Futurist style.

In 1913, she began to design ballet costumes and sets for Diaghilev's "Ballets Russes" and elsewhere. She did the stage and costume design for these ballets: "Le Coq d'Or"' (1914), "The Liturgy" (1915), "Ygrushka" (1921) "Reynard" (with her husband; 1922), "Les Noces" (1923), "Une nuit sur le mont chauve" (1924), "The Firebird" (1926 revival), "Sur le Borsythène" (with her husband; 1932), "Cendrillon" (1938), "Bogatyri" (1938) and the 1954 Sadler's Wells production of "Firebird".

Goncharova moved to Paris in 1921, where she regularly exhibited her art. She became a French citizen in 1939. She married Larionov at last in 1955, and died in Paris, in 1962.

The largest collections of her work are in the Pompidou Centre in Paris; the Russian Museum in St. Petersburg; and the State Tretyakov Gallery, in Moscow.


Cacus

Cacus is a character in Roman mythology. He was a hideous, three-headed, fire-belching shepherd who lived in a cave in the Aventine Forest in Italy. His cave was covered with the bones of the people he killed. Human skulls and human arms were hanging above the cave entrance. Cacus' parents were Hephaestus and Medusa. 

Hercules had stolen the Geryon's cattle. He was driving the herd through Italy when Cacus crossed his path. Cacus stole some of the animals. He dragged them backwards to his cave to confuse Hercules. 

The next morning, Hercules missed the animals at once. He went to Cacus' cave. Cacus had put a huge rock at the entrance but Hercules tossed it aside. Cacus tried to drive Hercules off by belching fire. Hercules grabbed him and "battered his face to a pulp." Hercules put together an altar to Zeus. He later set up his own worship at the site. Some say it was not Hercules who killed Cacus but a huge shepherd named Garanus or Recaranus, a friend of Hercules'. 


Baise-moi

Baise-moi is a 2000 French crime drama thriller movie. It was called Rape Me in the United States, where it was released without an MPAA rating. In Australia, "Baise-moi" was rated R18 at first, but was then refused classification due to content. This movie got mixed reviews from critics in many countries.

"Un baise" in French means "a kiss", but as a verb, "baiser" means "to fuck", so "Baise-moi" means "fuck me". It is about a sex-and-violence spree by two young women. The sex scenes are apparently real, rather than simulated, and the film has been banned in many countries.

Hilary Bradt

Hilary Bradt MBE (born 17 July 1941) is a British writer. He founded "Bradt Travel Guides", a publisher of travel guide books, in the mid-1970s.
From 1972, Bradt spent 18 months in South America with her husband, and later they set up "Bradt Travel Guides" together. Their first book was "Backpacking along Ancient Ways in Peru and Bolivia". The award-winning Bradt guides have always covered unusual destinations that do not attract large numbers of tourists. The company is based in Chalfont St Peter, England.

After running the company for 35 years, Bradt retired in 2007, but she is still chairman. She also still writes about travel, including a guide book to Devon and articles in travel magazines.

Bradt worked for many years as a tour leader, particularly in Madagascar, a country that she has written many books about. Bradt is a member of the British Guild of Travel Writers and she received their Lifetime Achievement Award in November 2009.

She was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours for services to the tourist industry and to charity. Bradt's charity work includes being patron of Money for Madagascar, which has been raising funds for projects in Madagascar since 1986.


Sexy Beast

Sexy Beast is a 2000 Anglo-Spanish crime thriller movie. It was written by Louis Mellis, produced by Jeremy Thomas and directed by Jonathan Glazer. It stars Ray Winstone, Amanda Redman, Ben Kingsley, Ian McShane and James Fox. Winstone plays robber Gal Dove who has quit his life of crime in London and has retired with his ex-porn star wife Deedee (played by Redman) to Spain. Kingsley plays a sociopathic gang member and McShane plays a gang boss. The pair coerce Dove to go back to London to commit another robbery with them. Fox plays a bisexual banker.

2060s

The 2060s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2060 and end on December 31, 2069. It is distinct from the decade known as the 207th decade which will begin on January 1, 2061 and end on December 31, 2070.



Luonan County

Luonan County (, pinyin: Luònán Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo Municipality, Shaanxi Province, China. It is in the northeast part of Shangluo. Henan Provice is to the east. Danfeng County and Shangzhou District are to the south. Weinan Municipality is to the north. Xi'an Municipality is to the west. It covers . As of November 2010, 441,643 people lived here. 72% of here are montane ecology.

Adrienne Jablanczy

Adrienne Jablanczy (born 11 September 1948) is a French economist, professor, and, since 1997, Head of the Institut supérieur européen de gestion group.

Jablanczy graduated from the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne and the "Institut d'études politiques de Paris". She started her career in 1976 as a economics and teacher at Pantheon-Assas University. In 1997, she was nominated Director of the ISEG. She is also a financial markets teacher at the "École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications de Bretagne".

Jablanzcy specializes in management of business schools, financial markets and Islamic finance.


Quartzite

Quartzite is a hard metamorphic rock. It is formed when sandstone is squeezed and heated under a chain of mountains.

Although pure quartzite is white, it usually occurs in shades of pink and red. This happens when it contains some iron oxide (FeO). Other colours, such as yellow and orange, are due to other mineral impurities.

When sandstone is changed to quartzite, the individual quartz grains and cement material recrystallizes. Most of the original texture of the sandstone is destroyed by the metamorphism. Minor amounts of cementing materials, iron oxide, silica, carbonate and clay, often move when this is happening. It causes streaks and lens shapes to form in the quartzite.

Great Salkeld

Great Salkeld is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 445 people living in Great Salkeld. It has a church called St Cuthbert's Church.

Ravenstonedale

Ravenstonedale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 570 people living in Ravenstonedale. It has a church called St Oswald's Church.

Kirkland

Kirkland is a village in Culgaith, Eden, Cumbria, England. It has a church called Church of St Lawrence.

Patterdale

Patterdale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 460 people living in Patterdale.

Edenhall

Edenhall is a village in Cumbria, England. It is about a mile south of Langwathby. It has a church named St Cuthbert's Church. 

Little Asby

Little Asby is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. There was once a chapel called St Leonards.

Stefan–Boltzmann law

In quantum physics, the Stefan-Boltzmann law (sometimes called Stefan's Law) states that the black-body radiation energy emitted by a given object is directly proportional to the temperature of the object raised to the fourth power. The equation for this law is:

R=σ"T"

where σ is the Stefan-Boltzmann constant, which is equal to 5.670 373(21) x 10 W m K, and where R is the energy radiated per unit surface area and per unit time. "T" is temperature, which is measured in Kelvin scale. Although this law is accurate and helpful, it is only usable for the energy radiated by blackbodies.

Puneri Pagadi

Puneri Pagadi is a turban, a cloth worn on the head. This turban is worn by people from Pune on special days. "Puneri" means "belonging to Pune" and "pagadi" means turban. It is used as a mark of respect in Pune. It is a custom that is about 200 years old. 

The "pagadi" used to be worn by people to show pride but now it is also worn on special occasions.

The "pagadi" was introduced 200 years ago by Mahadev Govind Ranade, who was a social reformer. It was also later worn by leaders like Lokmanya Tilak, J.S. Karandikar, D.D. Sathye, Tatyasaheb Kelkar and Datto Vaman Potdar. The "pagadi" became more famous in 1973 after a Marathi play.

In 2009, it was given the status of Geographic Indication (GI) which means that the "pagadi" will be a property of only Pune. No one else can sell any such turban under the name of "Puneri Pagadi" outside Pune.Only Brahmins used to use this pagadi in that era.

The "pagadi" is used in marriages. It is also used on special events in schools and colleges (commonly on traditional days). It is used by actors while performing "gondhal" art form. The "pagadi" is also given as an award sometimes.

"Shree Puneri Pagadi Sangh" is a group of 10 people. They are the ones who applied for getting a GI tag for the "pagadi". Actually, Great Mission Group Consultancy submitted the application for them. The aim of this was to protect the identity of the "pagadi". They also wanted to protect the "Puneri" culture. The application was accepted and on 4 September 2009, the "pagadi" became an intellectual property. Before this, the GI tag was also given to Indian products like Tirupati "ladoos", Darjeeling tea, Banarasi "saris".

Great Musgrave

Great Musgrave is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St Theobald's Church.

Newbiggin-on-Lune

Newbiggin-on-Lune is a village in Cumbria, England. It gets its name from the River Lune.

Melmerby

Melmerby is a village in Cumbria, England. It is a small village with a population of around 200. It has a church called St John the Baptist's Church. It is 9 miles northeast of Penrith.

Watermillock

Watermillock is a village in Cumbria, England. It is on the A592.

Witnesham

Witnesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 833 people living in Witnesham. It has a church called St Mary.

Copdock

Copdock is a village in Suffolk, England. It has a church called St Peter.

Blencarn

Blencarn is a village in Culgaith, Eden, Cumbria, England. A Wesleyan chapel was built in Blencarn in 1840.

Helton

Helton is a village in Cumbria, England. It was once called Helton-Flecket. There is also the hamlet of Heltonhead nearby.

Penruddock

Penruddock is a village in Cumbria, England. It is located 5.5 miles west of Penrith.

Washmere Green

Washmere Green is a hamlet in Suffolk, England. There is Wesleyan House in Washmere Green which was "not exclusively used for worship".


Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac

Antoine de La Mothe Cadillac was born on March 5, 1658 and died on October 16, 1730. He was a French explorer and adventurer in New France, now an area of North America stretching from Eastern Canada in the north to Louisiana in the south. In 1701, he founded Detroit, which he helped develop until 1710. Between 1710 and 1716 he was the governor of Louisiana, although he did not arrive in that territory until 1713.

Episodes (TV series)

Episodes is an Anglo-American television sitcom. It began on January 9, 2011 and is set in Los Angeles, California. It was created by David Crane and Jeffrey Klarik. It is directed by James Griffiths and Jim Field Smith. It stars Matt LeBlanc, Stephen Mangan, Tamsin Grieg, John Pankow, Kathleen Rose Perkins and Mircea Monroe. 

Mangan and Grieg play Sean and Beverly lincon a British married couple who travel to Hollywood to remake their successful British TV series. LeBlanc is recruited to play the protagonist in the American remake.

Friends
Joey

Irish State Coach

The Irish State Coach is a carriage used by the British monarch to ride from Buckingham Palace to the Palace of Westminster to open Parliament. It was built in 1851 by the Lord Mayor of Dublin. It is enclosed. It was damaged by fire in 1911. It was restored in 1989 by the Royal Mews carriage restorers. The outside is blue and black with golden-colored decoration. The inside is covered in blue damask (a cloth). It is driven from the box seat using four horses. It is kept in the Royal Mews. It can be seen by the public.

Alan Bates

Sir Alan Arthur Bates (17 February 1934 – 27 December 2003) was a British actor. He was born in Allestree, Derbyshire.

Bates starred in many movies, including: "Zorba the Greek", "Georgy Girl", "Far from the Madding Crowd", "The Fixer", "The Go-Between", "Women in Love", "An Unmarried Woman, Gosford Park" and "The Rose". He also acted on stage and television.

Bates was a closeted bisexual. He was married to actress Victoria Ward (1939-1992) from 1970 until her death. They had twin sons: Tristan (1971-1990) and actor Benedick Bates (born 1971). Bates died of pancreatic cancer in London.

Clueless

Clueless is a 1995 American romantic teen comedy movie set in Beverly Hills, California. It is loosely based on Jane Austen's 1815 book "Emma". It was written and directed by Amy Heckerling. It stars Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash and Brittany Murphy as 15 year old high school classmates. "Clueless" was released in the United States in August 1995.

Plot of Clueless revolves around the life of American sixteen-year-old girl Cher Horowitz. She is pretty and attractive, but clueless and selfish. Apart from that she is extremely rich and popular in her high school. Only a few things are important for Cher: fashion, mansion in which she lives with her father and her friend Dionne, who is also rich and self-confident. She has a former stepbrother Josh, with whom she always has quarrels for no reason at all.

Cher’s selfishness is totally innocent and safe for surrounding people. For example, she tries to bring together two teachers, who gave her bad marks, - Mr. Hall and Mrs. Gaste. She achieves this aim and benefits. When Cher sees those two fall in love and her marks become better, she understands that she likes to do good things.

Cher decides to make the next good thing on her list helping a new “duckling girl” Tie to transform into a beautiful swan. She also helps her to adapt in a new place and prevent her from communicating with the guy, who smokes weed and does skateboarding. Instead of that, she wants Tie to date with a rich snob Elton, but Cher does not realize that Elton fancies not Tie, but herself.

Suddenly some troubles appear in Cher’s life. She does not realize, that boy whom she tries to seduce is actually gay, until Dionne opens her naive eyes. Cher fails driving test and when she comes back home Tai says that she is keen on Josh. In reply Cher says to her, that they do not match and they have a quarrel.

After revaluation of values Cher finds out, that she loves Josh. She tries to be better, kinder and smarter. The final scene shows, that Josh admits he loves Cher too and they kiss.

Soon after release of the movie a Clueless sequel was filmed (it was in form of TV series) and a series of books was produced.

Front 242

Front 242 is a Belgian electronic music group. They were famous during the 1980s. They are known for being a pioneer of electronic body music, and as an influence on the electronic and industrial music genres.

Front 242 was formed in 1981 in Aarschot, Belgium, by Daniel Bressanutti and Dirk Bergen. Patrick Codenys and Jean-Luc De Meyer had also formed a group called Under Viewer at around the same time. The two duos joined together in 1982. In 1983, Dirk Bergen left the band and Richard Jonckheere, called Richard 23, joined as vocalist.
In 1987, Front 242 signed with Wax Trax! Records in the U.S. and Red Rhino in Europe.




K's Choice

K's Choice is a Belgian rock band from Antwerp. They formed in the mid-1990s. The band's core members are siblings Sarah Bettens (lead vocals, guitar) and Gert Bettens (guitar, keyboard, vocals). They are joined by Eric Grossman (bass), Thomas Vanelslander (lead guitar), Reinout Swinnen (keys) and Koen Liekens (drums). The band has made gold and platinum albums.


Hooverphonic

Hooverphonic are a Belgian rock/pop group, formed in 1995. The band first called themselves "Hoover". The band was composed from Alex Callier, the leader and the guitarrist, Ester Lybeert, the singer, Frank Duchene, the keyboarder, and from the bassist Raymond Geerts. Later they changed their name to "Hooverphonic" after discovering other groups were already using the Hoover name. 

In February 1997, Liesje Sadonius, the second singer of the band, left it and became Geike Arnaert. With her, Hooverphonic became famous all over the world, with the singles Mad About You, Sometimes and Jackie Cane. 

On 10 October 2008, Geike Arnaert, the lead singer of the band, said she would leave the group by the end of the year. On 29 October 2010, Hooverphonic said they would have a new single on their website. The videoclip showed fourteen possible singers. Noémie Wolfs was the one selected.

On 4 June 2015, Noémie Wolfs left the band, and in April 2018 Luka Cruysberghs became the new singer.

On 9 November 2020, Luka Cruysberghs left the band, and came back Geike Arnaert. On the same day the band released a Mad About You's new version.

Zap Mama

Zap Mama is a Belgian musical group founded and led by Marie Daulne. She says that her mission is to be a bridge between the European and the African and bring the two cultures together with music. "What I would like to do is bring sounds from Africa and bring it to the Western world, because I know that through sound and through beats, that people discover a new culture, a new people, a new world." They sing in French and English with deep African roots.

Zap Mama performed their first concert in 1989. In 1991, the group recorded their first record, "Zap Mama", at Studio Daylight in Brussels, Belgium. The album was released by Crammed Discs.


Soulwax

Soulwax are an alternative rock/electronic band from Ghent, Belgium. They are headed by David and Stephen Dewaele. Next to the Dewaele brothers, Soulwax has bassist Stefaan Van Leuven and drummer Steve Slingeneyer. The Dewaeles also work on other projects such as The Flying Dewaele Brothers and 2manydjs,as well as hosting a show on Belgian television, 'Alter8'. Since the release of their Nite Versions album they have been touring around the world.


Deus (band)

Deus is a rock band based in Antwerp, Belgium. The band name is written as dEUS. Tom Barman and Klaas Janzoons have always been with the band. The rest of the band's members are drummer Stéphane Misseghers, bassist Alan Gevaert and guitarist/backing vocalist Mauro Pawlowski.


Machiavel

Machiavel, named after Niccolò Machiavelli, is a Belgian rock group. They were formed in 1974 and still record and tour today. The first few albums are progressive rock and the later albums are harder.

Initial release are in bold. Compilations are in "italic". Re-release are not highlighted.


Channel Zero (band)

Channel Zero is a heavy metal band. They were formed in Brussels, Belgium in 1990. They are one of the best known heavy metal bands from Belgium. They were often called "the Belgian Metallica." They disbanded at the height of their career in 1997. In 2009 the band said they would play a series of reunion concerts starting in January 2010.

Albums:


Live:


EP:


Singles:


Enthroned

Enthroned is a black metal band formed in Charleroi in 1993 by Cernunnos. 

In 1996, along with Ancient Rites and Bewitched, Enthroned began a large tour of Europe. 

In April 1997, as Enthroned was to begin recording "Towards the Skullthrone of Satan", Cernunnos took his life. Enthroned recorded the album with a session drummer in honor of Cernunnos.

In April 1998, the band toured the European continent with Dark Funeral. They also released the MCD "Regie Axese", which was dedicated to their former drummer Cernunnos. Later that year, they toured again with Hecate Enthroned and Usurper. 

Enthroned continued to play many live gigs in and around Europe, as well as in the US. 

In early 2002, Enthroned signed to Napalm Records. In 2003 they played a South American tour. Enthroned signed with Regain Records in January 2008. At this time, some members of the band opened a recording studio, Blackout Multimedia. 

In September 2011, Enthroned said they would end working with Regain Records.




Emile Verhaeren

Emile Verhaeren (21 May 1855 – 27 November 1916) was a Belgian poet. He wrote in the French language. He is one of the chief founders of the school of Symbolism.

At the age of eleven, he was sent to a strict boarding school in Ghent run by Jesuits - The Jesuit College of Sainte Barbe. He then went to study law at the University of Leuven. He did his first writing here in a student paper. 

Having gained his law degree, he became a trainee (1881–1884) with Edmond Picard. Picard was a renowned criminal lawyer, who also was involved with the Brussels artistic scene. Verhaeren tried only two cases in a courtroom before deciding to dedicate his life to poetry and literature.

He soon became the spokesperson for the artistic revival at the turn of the century. He enjoyed the works of the painters of the artistic circle "Les XX". He wrote many articles in "La Jeune Belgique" and "L'Art Moderne". His articles brought many promising young talents, such as James Ensor, to the attention of the public.

Through these articles, he became a lifelong friend of Belgian painter Théo van Rysselberghe.

Verhaeren was one of the most prolific poets of his time. His first collection of poems ""Les Flamandes"" was published in 1883. It was an immediate success in some settings. But it caused a great deal of controversy in Catholic circles. His next book ""Les Moines"" (1886) was not the success he had hoped for. 

On 24 August 1891 he married Marthe Massin, a talented artist from Liège. 

He wrote his first play ""Les Aubes"" in 1898. In 1898 he moved to Saint-Cloud, near Paris. By the turn of the century, he had become world-famous. His works were translated into more than twenty languages. 

Emile Verhaeren died on 27 November 1916 at Rouen station by falling under a train.


West Coast sea nettle

The West Coast sea nettle ("Chrysaora fuscescens"), also known as the Pacific sea nettle, is a type of Scyphozoa which lives in the Pacific Ocean. For humans its sting is usually irritating, but rarely dangerous.

The West Coast sea nettle is found near the coasts of California and Oregon, but some live in the waters north to the Gulf of Alaska, west to the seas around Japan and south to the Baja California Peninsula. 

The West Coast sea nettle have a golden-brown bell with a little shade of red. In the wild, the bell can grow to be larger than one meter (three feet) in diameter, but most are less than 50 cm. The long white arms and the 24 maroon tentacles may be as long as 3.6 to 4.6m (12 to 15 feet).

Like most Cnidaria, the West Coast sea nettle is carnivorous. They catch their prey by using their Nematocyst-laden tentacles. The toxin(poison) in their Nematocyst are effective against their prey and humans. Since West Coast sea nettles can not chase their prey, they must eat as they drift, by spreading out their tentacles like a large net, the West Coast sea nettle is able to catch food as it passes by. When a prey brushes against the tentacles, thousands of nematocysts are released, launching barbed stingers which release a paralyzing toxin, then the oral arms begin digestion as they push the prey into the West Coast sea nettle's mouth.
The West Coast sea nettle feeds on different types of zooplankton, crustaceans, salps, pelagic snails, small fish as well as their eggs and larvae, and other jellyfish.

Catterlen

Catterlen is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 471 people living in Catterlen.

Plumpton

Plumpton is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St John the Evangelist's Church. It is on the B6413.

Naughton, Suffolk

Naughton is a village in Suffolk, England. It has a church called St Mary.

Washbrook

Washbrook is a village in Suffolk, England. It has a church called St Mary. It once had another church, whoes name is not known.

Ainstable

Ainstable is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 532 people living in Ainstable.

Weeley

Weeley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1780 people living in Weeley.

Steeple Bumpstead

Steeple Bumpstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1481 people living in Steeple Bumpstead.

Newport, Essex

Newport is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2208 people living in Newport.

Tyson Chandler

Tyson Cleotis Chandler (born October 2, 1982) is an American former professional basketball player and player development coach for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Chandler was the second overall pick of the 2001 NBA Draft by the Los Angeles Clippers. He was immediately traded to the Chicago Bulls. He has also played for the New Orleans Hornets, Charlotte Bobcats, Dallas Mavericks, New York Knicks, Phoenix Suns, Los Angeles Lakers, and Houston Rockets. As starting center for Dallas, he helped win the franchise's first NBA championship in 2011 and won NBA Defensive Player of the Year with the Knicks in 2012. He was also a member of the United States men's national basketball team's gold medal runs in the 2010 FIBA Basketball World Cup and 2012 Summer Olympics.


Notes

Toppesfield

Toppesfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 533 people living in Toppesfield.

Jeremy Lin

Jeremy Lin (born August 23, 1988) is a National Basketball Association player who is currently a free agent. Lin is one of the few Asian Americans in NBA history. He is the first American of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the league.

Jeremy Lin moved to Palo Alto in California. Jeremy Lin was very good at basketball so he ended up playing college basketball at Harvard. Jeremy Lin created tons of excitement, especially the Chinese and Taiwanese people. This was soon nicknamed “Linsanity.”

Jeremy Lin was a regular basketball player until the international sensation in February. He played for the New York Knicks of the NBA, and became famous for the awesome play he made in February. But that’s not all he’s famous for, he is also famous for being the first American-born player to play in the NBA related to the Chinese people. 

"Lin, Jeremy." World Book Advanced. World Book, 2013.Web. 10 Jan. 2013.

Finchingfield

Finchingfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1348 people living in Finchingfield.

Hatfield Broad Oak

Hatfield Broad Oak is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1167 people living in Hatfield Broad Oak.

Great Bentley

Great Bentley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2259 people living in Great Bentley.


Alresford

Alresford is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2125 people living in Alresford.

Thorpe-le-Soken

Thorpe-le-Soken is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2047 people living in Thorpe-le-Soken.

Ardleigh

Ardleigh is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2081 people living in Ardleigh.

Wix

Wix is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 755 people living in Wix.

Brightlingsea

Brightlingsea is a town and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. The estimated population is 8500.


Wrabness

Wrabness is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 380 people living in Wrabness.

Earls Colne

Earls Colne is a village and civil parish in Braintree distrct, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3389 people living in Earls Colne.

Theodor Körner

Theodor Körner (April 23, 1873 - January 4, 1957) was the president of Austria from 1951-1957.

Previously he was mayor and governor of Vienna from 1945 to 1951.

McChicken

The McChicken is a kind of chicken sandwich from McDonald's restaurants. It is made with chicken breast meat in a fried coating made from bread crumbs. A man used a McChicken in a crime in Des Moines, Iowa. He threw the sandwich at his wife. The force of the hit broke her nose.


Portland limestone

Portland limestone is a limestone which was deposited in the latest stage of the Upper Jurassic period. It was first found on the Isle of Portland, Dorset. However, it occurs over a much wider area, including France.

The strata are beds of white-grey limestone separated by beds of chert.

Portland limestone was formed in a shallow, warm, sub-tropical sea on the continental shelf of what is now western Europe.

Limestones are mostly made of calcium carbonate. This comes originally from the bodies of many small organisms which build their shells or framework out of CaCO crystals. An example is the type of protist called coccolithophores.

On the continental shelves of the world photosynthetic organisms, like coccoliths, bacteria, and algae, produce calcium carbonate. Many animals, like bivalves and coral reefs, then use it to make their shells or other structures. Carbonates are rocks formed from these sources, plus any CaCO which is precipitated out of solution.

Florida Bay, the shallow lagoon behind the Florida Keys, is a model for the conditions which produced limestones on the continental shelf. Of course, all the species were somewhat different then but, as an ecosystem, it is similar.

In the Florida Bay a type of flowering plant called sea grass is in abundance. Also in abundance is white, milky water full of calcium carbonate. This is mainly formed by "Melobesia", a small red alga which lives on the sea grass. Finally, the organisms produce huge amounts of slime, which is a polysaccharide. There is good reason to think the slime is produced by microorganisms to control the way their carbonate skeletons are formed.

Florida Bay is a flat platform which has laid down a huge amount of carbonate rock. 

Carbonate rocks are different in different places and at different times. This is because varied organisms lived there and produced the carbonate. Also various events happened, like underwater landslides and earthquakes, which disrupted the beds. Sometimes the deposition of carbonate was interrupted, and different organisms produced silica, which we see as beds of chert.

In the Portland sandstone, much of the limey mud was laid down with bits and pieces of shells or sand. These became coated with layers of lime mud, and formed small balls (less than 0.5 mm diameter). Over time, countless billions of these balls, known as "ooids" or "ooliths", became partly cemented together by more calcite, to form the oolitic limestone we call Portland limestone.

It has been widely used as a building stone in the British Isles, though it is relatively expensive.

It was used seen in major public buildings, such as Buckingham Palace, St Paul's Cathedral and the British Museum. It is also exported to many countries. Portland stone is used in the United Nations headquarters building in Manhattan, for example.

Portland stone is hard enough to resist weathering but soft enough to be worked (cut and carved) by stonemasons. This is one of the reasons why it is so good for monuments and architecture.

In 1824 Joseph Aspdin invented a cement by burning a mixture of limestone and clay. The limestone he used was Portland linestone, and so he
patented the term "Portland Cement". Builders quickly recognised that it was better than older cements, although more expensive. It is still widely used in the building trade today.

Present tense

Present tense is a verb form which is marked by time (tense).

The present tense is used for actions in a time which is happening now. In order to explain and understand present tense, it is useful to imagine time as a line on which the past tense, the present and the future tense are positioned.

The use of present continuous tense:
-----

Future tense

Future tense is a verb form which is marked by time (tense).

The future tense is used for actions in a time which has not yet happened. In order to explain and understand future tense, it is useful to imagine time as a line on which the past tense, the present tense and the future are positioned.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Azerbaijan)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs () is the Azerbaijani government ministry which manages the foreign relations of Azerbaijan. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan was established on May 28, 1918, during the first Republic of Azerbaijan.

After Azerbaijan was occupied by the Red Army and became a part of the Soviet Union on 28 April, 1920 as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (Azerbaijan SSR), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was abolished and was replaced by People's Foreign Affairs Commissariat (PFAC). The People's Foreign Affairs Commissariat, had little power because Azerbaijan was no longer independent and followed Soviet foreign policy. However, the Soviet government allowed the People's Foreign Affairs Commissariat of Azerbaijan to conduct certain ties with foreign countries.

After the Soviet Union ended and Azerbaijan gained its independence in 1991, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was established, again in charge of the foreign policy of Azerbaijan.

Jeyhun Bayramov is the current Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan since July 2020.


Yitzhak Shamir

Yitzhak Shamir (born Icchak Jaziernicky; 15 October 1915 - 30 June 2012) was a Polish born Israeli politician and the seventh Prime Minister of Israel, serving two terms, 1983–84 and 1986–92.

He was born in Ruzhinoy (nowadays in Belarus), in the Russian Empire in 1915. In 1935, Shamir went to Palestine, where he worked in an accountant’s office. Before the establishment of the State of Israel, Shamir in the 1930s and 1940s was a member of the Zionist paramilitary organization Irgun, and then a commander of the more militant Lehi.

After the establishment of the State of Israel, Yitzhak Shamir worked for Israel's security service, the Mossad from 1955 to 1965. He joined the Herut political party in 1969. He was elected to Israel's parliament, the Knesset, in 1973 as a member of political party Likud. He was the Prime Minister of Israel from 1983 to 1984 and from 1986 to 1992. He was the country’s second longest-serving prime minister after David Ben-Gurion.

He died of Alzheimer's disease in Tel Aviv, Israel in 2012 and was buried in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.

Sea grass

Sea grasses (or "seagrass") are flowering plants which live in the sea. They come from four plant families in the order Alismatales. They are monocotyledons which grow in marine, fully saline environments.

Sea grasses evolved from plants which went back to the ocean 70 to 100 million years ago, in the long, warm, Cretaceous period.

Sea grass is a key part of continental shelf ecosystems where phytoplankton produce carbonate sediment. This kind of ecosystem occurs in subtropical places like Florida Bay, and around Bermuda. Sea grass beds often contain many species from various phyla. Apparently, seagrass herbivory is a highly important link in the food chain. Many species feed on sea grasses, such as green turtles, dugongs, manatees, fish, geese, swans, sea urchins and crabs.

The surface of the seagrass is the place where "Melobesia", a small alga, makes chalk as a by-product of its metabolism. That is not the only chalk-producing organism in the seagrass beds. 

A huge bed of seagrass has been found off the coast of Western Australia. 

Researchers collected shoots from the bay and looked at 18,000 genetic markers. It is "all from the same plant", and covers about 77 square miles (200 square kilometres).


T. Rex (band)

T. Rex were a British rock band. They were formed in London in 1967 as Tyrannosaurus Rex and changed their name to T. Rex in 1970. They released many singles and albums. They disbanded when their frontman Marc Bolan (1947–1977) was killed in a car accident. 

As Tyrannosaurus Rex


As T. Rex



List of Manchester United F.C. players

The List of Manchester United F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Manchester United F.C. is an English Premier League club in Manchester.




Coniston

Coniston is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1058 people living in Coniston.

Egremont

Egremont is a town and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 7444 people living in Egremont.

Gosforth

Gosforth is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1230 people living in Gosforth.

Distington

Distington is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2247 people living in Distington.

Seascale

Seascale is a seaside village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1747 people living in Seascale.

Seascale has a primary school, fire station and a railway Station. There is a ice cream parlour on the beach front. 

Seaton

Seaton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 4861 people living in Seaton.

Bootle, Cumbria

Bootle is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 745 people living in Bootle.

Wigton

Wigton is a town and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 5,360 people living in Wigton.

Caldbeck

Caldbeck is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 714 people living in Caldbeck.

Wetheral

Wetheral is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 5203 people living in Wetheral.

Brampton, Carlisle

Brampton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 4361 people living in Brampton.

Thursby

Thursby is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1185 people living in Thursby.

Hayton

Hayton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2180 people living in Hayton.

Hethersgill

Hethersgill is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 382 people living in Hethersgill.

Waverton

Waverton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 326 people living in Waverton.

Theydon Bois

Theydon Bois is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3993 people living in Theydon Bois.

Sheering

Sheering is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2838 people living in Sheering.

Stanford Rivers

Stanford Rivers is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 739 people living in Stanford Rivers.

Debden

Debden is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. It is located 4 miles (6 km) from Saffron Walden and 17 miles (27 km) from Cambridge. In 2001 there were 753 people living in Debden. 

Ashdon

Ashdon is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 792 people living in Ashdon.

Little Dunmow

Little Dunmow is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 310 people living in Little Dunmow.

Felsted

Felsted is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2843 people living in Felsted. It includes the hamlets of Bannister Green, Cobblers Green, Cock Green, Frenches Green, Gransmore Green, Mole Hill Green, Pyes Green, Thistley Green and Willow Green.

British state carriages

The British royal family has many state carriages. They are horse-drawn coaches. The carriages are used in royal events. 

The carriages are housed at the Royal Mews in London. Some are on public display. Most are in regular use. A few are only used rarely.



Matching

Matching is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 635 people living in Matching.

Boreham

Boreham is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3450 people living in Boreham.

Wimbish

Wimbish is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1550 people living in Wimbish. It includes the hamlets of Tye Green, Upper and Lower Green (or Wimbish Green), Howlett End, Elder Street and Cole End.

Pleshey

Pleshey is a village and civil parish in Chelmsford, Essex. In 2001 there were 295 people living in Pleshey.

Japan state carriages

Japan state carriages are horse-drawn coaches. The carriages are used in Imperial events. 

The carriages are in regular use. For example, during the presentation of credentials of a newly appointed ambassador, it sometimes happens that the ambassador will be driven to the south portico of the Imperial Palace in a horse-drawn carriage. The carriages called "zagyoshiki" are drawn by two horses 

A few carriages are only used rarely. For example, some state carriages are part of ceremonies of enthronement and the marriages of members of the Imperial Family.

In December 1923, there was an assassination attempt on the life of Crown Prince Hirohito. He was in a carriage on his way to the opening of the 48th Session of the Imperial Diet. A small pistol was fired at the Imperial carriage. The bullet injured a chamberlain, but Hirohito was unharmed.



Stapleford Abbotts

Stapleford Abbotts is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 959 people living in Stapleford Abbotts.

Gosfield

Gosfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1364 people living in Gosfield.

Leaden Roding

Leaden Roding is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 557 people living in Leaden Roding.

Elsenham

Elsenham is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2403 people living in Elsenham.

Hatfield Heath

Hatfield Heath is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1670 people living in Hatfield Heath.

Margaret Roding

Margaret Roding is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 193 people living in Margaret Roding.

Wendens Ambo

Wendens Ambo is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 436 people living in Wendens Ambo.

Arkesden

Arkesden is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 363 people living in Arkesden.

RMS Queen Mary

RMS "Queen Mary" is a ship in Long Beach, California. It is docked in the harbor. It was an ocean liner that sailed in the North Atlantic Ocean from 1936 to 1967.

With the outbreak of World War II, she was changed into a troopship. Queen Mary moved Allied soldiers for the rest of the war. Following the war, "Queen Mary" was refitted for passenger service.

The ship now is a tourist attraction featuring restaurants, a museum, and hotel. The ship is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 

Society Islands

The Society Islands are a group of islands in French Polynesia. They include Tahiti, Bora Bora, Moorea, and many others. The largest city in the area is Faaa, which is located on Tahiti.

College Board

The College Board is a group that manages standardized tests in the United States, like the SAT, to test students' abilities in certain subject areas. It was founded in 1900, known then as the College Entrance Examination Board (CEEB).

The SAT is a test for entrance to colleges and universities. It is a standardized test managed by the College Board, and developed, published, and scored by the Educational Testing Service (ETS). It is fee-based, costing about $50. It competes with the ACT, another standardized test for college admissions.

The College Board Accuplacer test is a placement test on the computer that tests students on their reading, writing, and math skills.

The College Board Advanced Placement Program is a program that gives high school students a chance to take college level classes, preparing them for college. It also helps admissions to college. The program lets students get college credit for high scores on AP exams. The college can still choose whether or not to give credit.

The CLEP, or the College Level Examination Program, is a program that lets students show that they know college-level material through exams in college courses.

SpringBoard is a program created by the College Board to prepare students who will take AP or college courses later. The program offers pre-AP and AP teaching and learning strategies across school and classwork. The material is for grades 6th to 12th.



New Super Mario Bros. 2



UEFA Euro 2012 Group A

Group A of the UEFA Euro 2012 began on June 8, 2012 and ended on June 16, 2012. The group had the teams of Poland, Czech Republic, Greece and Russia. Czech Republic and Greece went to the quarter-finals.



Kate Gynther

Kate Gynther (born 5 July 1982 in Brisbane) is a water polo player from Australia. She won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics when she played for the team from Australia. She played water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics; her team finished fourth.

Pig (disambiguation)

Pigs are mammals of the genus "Sus"

Pig, PIG, or PIGS may also be:








Pig, Kentucky

Pig is an unincorporated community in southern Edmonson County, Kentucky, United States. The town is about 21 miles away from Bowling Green, Kentucky, in the southern adjacent Warren County, Kentucky

Pig (zodiac)

The Boar (豬) (is the current year in 2019 symbolizing the year of the Earth Pig); is the twelfth of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese Calendar. In the continuous sexagenary cycle, every twelfth year refers to hai, and is commonly called the Year of the Pig 豬. There are five types of Pigs, named after Chinese elements. In order, they are: Metal, Water, Wood, Fire, and Earth.

In the Japanese zodiac and the Tibetan zodiac, the Pig is replaced by the boar. In the Dai zodiac, the Pig is replaced by the elephant. In the Gurung zodiac, the Pig is replaced by the deer.

According to myths, the Pig was the last to arrive when the Jade Emperor called for the great meeting. Other sources say that the Buddha asked for a great meeting when he was about to leave Earth. The Pig came last.

There are legends that as the emperor called one day, an oink and squeal was heard from a little Pig. The term "lazy Pig" is appropriate here as the Pig is hungry in the race, immediately stops for a feast and then falls asleep. After sleeping, the Pig continues the race and is named the 12th and final animal of the zodiac cycle.

Suinae

Suinae is a subfamily of mammals. It includes at least some of the living members of the family Suidae and their closest relatives—the domestic pig and related species, such as babirusas. 

In their 1997 "Classification of Mammals", Malcolm C. McKenna and Susan K. Bell classify the Suinae as follows:
In the 2005 third edition of "Mammal Species of the World", which treats only Recent forms, Peter Grubb followed this classification.

Potamochoerus

Potamochoerus is a genus in the pig family (Suidae). The two species only live in Sub-saharan Africa. The Bushpig, possibly due to introduction by man, also can be found in Madagascar and nearby islands.


Murilo Benício

Murilo Benício Ribeiro (born July 13, 1971, in Niterói, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor. 

Benicio's television roles include the popular telenovelas "O Clone" and "América".

Benício has a son named Antônio with actress Alessandra Negrini and a son named Pietro with actress Giovanna Antonelli. 

Intellectual property

Intellectual property (IP) refers to the ownership of an idea or design by the person who came up with it. It is a term used in property law. It gives a person certain exclusive rights to a distinct type of creative design, meaning that nobody else can copy or reuse that creation without the owner's permission. It can be applied to musical, literary and artistic works, discoveries and inventions. Common types of intellectual property rights include copyrights, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights and trade secrets.

The term "intellectual property" dates from the 19th century. Before that, patent laws were first made under the Statute of Monopolies 1623 and copyright laws were first seen in the Statute of Anne in 1710. Modern usage of the term "intellectual property" goes back at least as far as 1867. The constitution of the North German Confederation granted legislative power over the protection of intellectual property () to the confederation.

The stated reason for most intellectual property laws is to encourage progress. To give legal ownership of an idea to an inventor is seen as an incentive for those people to make their inventions available to the public. It is designed to secure the full value of a work for its creator, to make it into another type of 'real' property.


Galway (sheep)

The Galway is a breed of sheep with long wool from western Ireland. They are a large white-faced sheep. The average litter size is 1.45. 

Bistro

A bistro (sometimes spelled bistrot) is a small place, much like a café. In its original Parisian version, a bistro is a small restaurant. It serves moderately priced simple meals in a modest setting. Bistros are defined mostly by the foods they serve. Home cooking with robust earthy dishes, and slow-cooked foods like cassoulet are typical. By using stews and cassoulets they could cook the main food and it would last all day.

Similar to bistros are brasseries, which offer slightly more elaborate meals.

Panfield

Panfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 850 people living in Panfield.

Great Maplestead

Great Maplestead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 355 people living in Great Maplestead. It has a church called St Giles.

Keoladeo National Park

The Keoladeo National Park is an Indian bird sanctuary in Bharatpur, Rajasthan. It is also a declared World Heritage Site.

Keoladeo Ghana National Park is a man-made and man-managed wetland and one of the national parks of India. 

The wetlands were created in the mid-18th century. It is named after a Keoladeo (Shiva) temple within its boundaries. The area is a natural low spot in the land. It was flooded by two rivers, the Gambhir and Banganga. 

The area was a hunting ground for the maharajas of Bharatpur after 1850. The Viceroy of India hunted birds in this special park. 

Keoladeo was established as a national park on 10 March 1982. 

The area was designated as a bird sanctuary on 13 March 1976.

In 1985, the Park was declared a World Heritage Site. 

Keoladeo (Bharatpur) National Park (27°10'N, 77°31'E) is in eastern Rajasthan. It is 2 kilometers (km) south-east of Bharatpur and 50 km west of Agra. 

The Park is spread over approx 29 square kilometer area. One third of the Keoladeo National Park habitat is wetland. The uplands have grasslands (savannas) of tall species of grass together with scattered trees and shrubs present in varying density. 

In an area characterized by sparse vegetation, the park is the only spot which has dense vegetation and trees. . 

Dykes divide the wetland into ten units. Each unit has a system of sluice gates to control its water level.

The Bombay Natural History Society has done considerable work in the area.

Between December 1992 and January 1995, a collaborative project between the Governments of India and Russia, International Crane Foundation and Wild Bird Society of Japan was set up to save the Siberian crane. The project focused on releasing captivity bred cranes into the wild, tracking migratory routes of common cranes, and building up the resident crane population in the park..



Stowupland

Stowupland is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1,962 people living in Stowupland.

Stradbroke

Stradbroke is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1221 people living in Stradbroke.

Football at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The 2012 Men's Olympic Football Tournament was the under-23 football tournament. It was held during the 2012 Summer Olympics. It was held from 26 July to 11 August. All the national under-23 qualified football teams can compete. The defending champion was Argentina. The tournament was hosted in England (4 stadiums), Scotland (1 stadium) and Wales (1 stadium). 16 teams were qualified for the final group stage.


After the Burial

After the Burial is an American metal band from Twin Cities, Minnesota. After the Burial has five members in the band; the current band members are Justin Lowe, Lerichard Foral, Trent Hafdahl, Dan Carle and Anthony Notarmaso.

The band was formed in 2004. They released their first album ""Forging a Future Self"" on January 9, 2007. Band members Nick Wellner and Greg Erickson left the band shortly after they signed to Sumerian Records. Grant Luoma joined the band and replaced Wellner as the vocalist and Eric Robles replaced Erickson on drums. Robles left the band before the recording of their second album and Dan Carle joined the band to replace him. The band released their second album ""Rareform"" on July 22, 2008. Luoma left the band in 2009 and Anthony Notarmaso joined the band to replace him on vocals. They released their ""In Dreams"" on November 23, 2010.





Olympic mascot

The Olympic mascot is a mascot that represents the nation that is hosting the Olympics.

Comité d'études sur les formations d'ingénieurs

The Comité d'études sur les formations d'ingénieurs (CEFI, in English engineer training studies committee) is the French institution for the study of the training and job placement for engineers in France. It was created in 1975 by French Ministry of National Education.


CAE Oxford Aviation Academy Douala

The CAE Oxford Aviation Academy Douala (formerly Sabena Flight Academy Africa) (CAE SFA-A) is an aviation school (part of CAE Global Academy). It is in Douala, Cameroon. It was the first civil aviation university in Cameroon.

The school was a subsidiary of Sabena Flight Academy. It trains pilots, flight attendants (preparation of the "Certificat de formation à la sécurité") and flight dispatchers.

The school was created in 2008 by Joseph Barla, Jean-Yves Kotto and Sabena Flight Academy. That is why the name of the school was originally Sabena Flight Academy Africa. A few months later, after Canadian group CAE took over Sabena Flight Academy, SFA-A was also bought. It became part of CAE Global Academy and was renamed CAE Global Academy Douala.


Derecho

Derechos are a widespread and damaging group of severe thunderstorms. The word "derecho" means "straight" in Spanish. That is because it is a straight line of thunderstorms. They often have rapid forward speeds. They have a distinct appearance on radars, known as bow echoes. They have very strong winds. Unlike other thunderstorms, derecho storms usually hit suddenly{fact}, with strong hurricane force winds, spraying rain, and frequent lightning from all directions{fact}. A derecho can create heavy damage in only a short time. These storms usually occur in North America, although they can occur elsewhere around the world. Winds with these storms can exceed 100 mph in certain cases.

Ghostwriter (TV series)

Ghostwriter is an American children's mystery fantasy thriller TV series created by Liz Nealon. It was produced by Sesame Workshop and BBC One. It first aired in October 1992. It is about a group of friends who solve mysteries. They are helped by an ghost named Ghostwriter.

In 1997, CBS aired "The New Ghostwriter Mysteries".

Cheshire, Connecticut, home invasion murders

The Cheshire, Connecticut, home invasion murders were on July 23, 2007. A mother and her two daughters were murdered during a home invasion in Cheshire, Connecticut. "The Hartford Courant" called the case "possibly the most widely publicized crime in the state's history". In 2010, Steven Hayes was convicted of the murders and sentenced to death. His accomplice, Joshua Komisarjevsky, was found guilty on October 13, 2011, and sentenced to death on January 27, 2013.


Steven J. Hayes (born May 30, 1963, in Homestead, Florida) was found guilty on 16 out of 17 counts related to the home invasion murders on October 5, 2010. On November 8, 2010, the jury returned with a recommendation for Hayes to be killed by the State. He was formally sentenced to death by Superior Court Judge Jon C. Blue on December 2, 2010.

Hayes is an inmate of the Connecticut Department of Correction. His criminal history shows him sentenced for his first offense at the age of 16. He is housed in the Northern Correctional Institution in Somers. 

Joshua A. Komisarjevsky (born August 10, 1980) was Hayes' accomplice in the home invasion and murder of William Petit's wife and two daughters. He was born in 1980 and adopted by the son of playwright Theodore Komisarjevsky. Komisarjevsky was kept at the Walker Reception Center rather than pay a $15 million bond. His trial began September 19, 2011, and on October 13, 2011, he was convicted on all 17 counts. On December 9, 2011, the jury recommended the death penalty. On January 27, 2012 Judge Jon Blue sentenced Komisarjevsky to death by lethal injection.

Juan Martín del Potro

Juan Martín del Potro (born 23 September 1988) is an Argentine tennis player. He was born in Tandil. He turned pro in 2005. He won the US Open in 2009.

Hendrik Conscience

Henri "Hendrik" Conscience (3 December 1812 Antwerp - 10 September 1883 Elsene) was a Belgian writer. His father was French and his mother was Flemish. He wrote in Dutch after the secession from the Netherlands in 1830 left Belgium a mostly French speaking country.

His mother died in 1820. The boy and his younger brother had no other friend than their grim and somewhat sinister father. In 1826 Pierre Conscience married again, this time to a widow much younger than himself, Anna Catherina Bogaerts. Soon after his second marriage Pierre sold his shop and moved to the Kempen region. Conscience often describes this land in his books. It is the flat land that stretches between Antwerp and Venlo.

At the age of seventeen Hendrik left his father's house to become a tutor in Antwerp. His studies were soon interrupted by the Revolution of 1830. He volunteered in the Belgian revolutionary army. In 1837 he left the service and returned to civilian life.

His poems, written while he was a soldier, were all in French. He received no pension when he was discharged. He decided to write a Flemish book for sale. He wrote a series of stories set during the Dutch Revolt, with the title "In 't Wonderjaar 1566" (published Ghent, 1837).

His father thought it so vulgar of his son to write a book in Flemish that he turned him out of doors. Soon people of standing, amongst them the painter Wappers, showed interest in the unfortunate young man. Wappers even gave him a suit of clothes and eventually presented him to King Leopold. Leopold ordered the Wonderjaar to be added to the libraries of every Belgian school. It was with the patronage of Leopold I that Conscience published his second book, "Fantasy", in the same year 1837.

"The Lion of Flanders" was followed by "How to become a Painter" (1843), "What a Mother can Suffer" (1843), "Siska van Roosemael" (1844), "Lambrecht Hensmans" (1847), "Jacob van Artevelde" (1849), and "The Conscript" (1850).

In 1845 Conscience was made a knight of the Order of Leopold. Writing in Flemish had stopped being seen as vulgar.

In 1845 Conscience published a History of Belgium on request by King Leopold I. "Blind Rosa" (1850), "Rikketikketak" (1851), "The Decayed Gentleman" (1851), and "The Miser" (1853) are among the most important of the long list of his novels. These had an instant effect upon more recent fiction, and Conscience had many imitators.

In 1855 translations of his books began to appear in English, French, German and Italian. He continued to make novels with great regularity. His publications amounted to nearly eighty in number. He was by now the most eminent of the citizens of Antwerp. His 70th birthday was celebrated with public festivities. After a long illness he died at his house in Antwerp.

Georges Simenon

Georges Joseph Christian Simenon (; 13 February 1903 – 4 September 1989) was a Belgian writer. He published nearly 200 novels and many short works. Simenon is best known as the creator of the fictional detective Jules Maigret.


Suzanne Lilar

Baroness Suzanne Lilar (née "Suzanne Verbist"; 21 May 1901 – 11 December 1992) was a Flemish Belgian essayist, novelist, and playwright. She wrote in French. She was the wife of the Belgian Minister of Justice Albert Lilar and mother of the writer Françoise Mallet-Joris and the art historian Marie Fredericq-Lilar.

She was a member of the Royal Academy of French Language and Literature from 1952 to 1992.

In 1919 Lilar attended the State University of Ghent. She studied philosophy and was the first woman to receive a Law degree in 1925. She moved to Antwerp where she became the first woman lawyer. In 1929 she married the lawyer Albert Lilar who would later become a Minister of Justice and Minister of State. After the death of her husband in 1976, she left Antwerp and moved to Brussels in 1977.

Lilar began her literary career as a journalist. She reported on Republican Spain for the newspaper "L'Indépendance belge" in 1931. She later became a playwright with "Le Burlador" (1946). It was an original reinterpretation of the myth of Don Juan. It was told from the female perspective. She wrote two more plays, "Tous les chemins mènent au ciel" (1947), a theological drama set in a 14th-century convent, and "Le Roi lépreux" (1951), a play about the Crusades.

Amélie Nothomb

Amélie Nothomb (born Fabienne-Claire on 9 July 1966) is a Belgian writer who writes in French.

Amélie Nothomb was born in Etterbeek, Belgium to Belgian diplomats. She lived in Japan, then in China, New York, Bangladesh, Burma, Coventry and Laos.

Nothomb's first novel, "Hygiène de l'assassin", was published in 1992. Since then, she has published about one novel per year, including "Les Catilinaires" (1995), "Fear and Trembling" (1999) and "Métaphysique des tubes" (2000, published in English as "The Character of Rain"). She has been awarded many prizes, including the 1999 Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française, the Prix René-Fallet, and the 1993 Prix Alain-Fournier.

Unless otherwise stated, all works were originally published in French by Éditions Albin Michel.

Maurice Maeterlinck

Maurice Polydore Marie Bernard Maeterlinck, also called "Comte (Count) Maeterlinck" from 1932, (29 August 1862 – 6 May 1949) was a Belgian playwright, poet, and essayist. He wrote in French. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1911. The main themes in his work are death and the meaning of life. His plays are an important part of the Symbolist movement.

He finished his law studies at the University of Ghent in 1885. He then spent a few months in Paris, France. His first play, "Princess Maleine", was well received in August 1890.

He had a relationship with the singer and actress Georgette Leblanc from 1895 till 1918. On 15 February 1919 Maeterlinck married Renée Dahon. She was actress he met during a rehearsal of "The Blue Bird" in 1910.

When Germany invaded Belgium in 1914, Maeterlink wished to join the French Foreign Legion. His application was denied due to his age.

In 1919 he accepted an invitation to the United States. He worked with Samuel Goldwyn on movies but did not find success.

He was made a count by Albert I, King of the Belgians in 1932.

He returned to Nice after the war on 10 August 1947. In 1948, the French Academy awarded him the Medal for the French Language. He died in Nice on 6 May 1949 after suffering a heart attack.

Franco-Belgian comics

Franco-Belgian comics are comics that are made for Belgian and French readers. These countries have a long tradition in comics and comic books. There they are known as "BD"s, an abbreviation of "bandes dessinées". This means "drawn strips" in French. Many other European comics, especially Italian comics, are strongly influenced by Franco-Belgian comics. In Europe, the French language is spoken not only in France but also by about 40% of the population of Belgium and about 20% of the population of Switzerland. 

While hundreds of comic series have been made in the Franco-Belgian group, some are more notable than others. Most of those listed are aimed at younger readers:

Bunyip

The bunyip is a mythical creature from Australian mythology. It is said to live in swamps, billabongs, creeks, riverbeds, and waterholes. The bunyip is found in traditional aboriginal beliefs and stories from many parts of Australia, although it is called by several different names in different language groups. These include "kianpraty" along the Murrumbidgee, "wowee" in the Hunter Valley, "wee waa" in the Narrandera region, as well as many other names. The name "bunyip" comes from the Wemba-Wemba language of southeastern Australia. It is normally translated today as "devil" or "evil spirit".

During the early settlement of Australia by Europeans, the idea that the bunyip was an actual unknown animal that had yet to be discovered became common. A large number of bunyip "sightings" by settlers were recorded during the 1840s and 1850s, especially in Victoria, New South Wales and South Australia. Various written stories of bunyips were made by Europeans in the early and mid-19th century. Stories were commonly told to children to make them stay away from dangerous areas of water.

There are many different descriptions of what the bunyip looks like. Features that were often reported in newspapers in the early 19th-century included dark fur, a face like a dog, sharp teeth and claws, flippers, tusks or horns, and a duck-like bill. One writer, Robert Brough Smyth, recorded many different descriptions of the bunyip. But he concluded that most people did not really know much about what it looked like or its behaviour, and that they were too afraid of the creature to be able to take note of its appearance.

Scholars have suggested that the story of the bunyip may have been passed down from a time when megafauna still existed in Australia. Comparisons have been made to extinct marsupials like the "Diprotodon" or "Thylacoleo". Other scholars have suggested that people finding the fossilised remains of such animals would identify them as the bunyip.

The first written account of the bunyip was in July 1845. A newspaper reported on the finding of some fossils near Geelong. When the bones were shown to an Aboriginal man, he was said to have immediately recognised it as the bunyip. He was asked to draw a picture of the bunyip. The newspaper described it as having a head like an emu and the body and legs of an alligator. Its legs were said to be strong, with thick and short hind legs and long legs in front. It was said to have long claws. When in the water, it was said to swim like a frog, but when on shore it would walk on its hind legs, standing high.

In January 1846, a weird-looking skull was taken from the banks of Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales. The person who found it said that all the natives it had been shown to had called it a bunyip. The skull was put on display in the Australian Museum in Sydney. Crowds came to see it, and "The Sydney Morning Herald" wrote that many of the visitors told stories about their "bunyip sightings".

Another early story about the bunyip was written in 1852 by an escaped convict named William Buckley. He wrote that in many of the lakes he had visited, there lived an "amphibious animal, which the natives call Bunyip". He wrote that he only ever saw the back of the animal, which he said was covered in grey feathers. He described it as being the size of a small cow. He claimed the bunyip was believed to have supernatural powers.


Peyo

Pierre Culliford (25 June 1928 – 24 December 1992), known as Peyo, was a Belgian comics artist. He is best known for making "The Smurfs" comic strip.

Peyo was born in 1928 in Brussels. He was the son of an English father and a Belgian mother. On Christmas Eve 1992, Peyo died of a heart attack in Brussels at age 64.

He went to the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. Peyo began work at the Compagnie Belge d'Animation (CBA), a small Belgian animation studio. There he met a few of his future colleagues, like André Franquin, Morris and Eddy Paape. He made his first comics for the newspaper "La Dernière Heure" (The Latest Hour). From 1949 to 1952, he drew "Poussy", a stop comic about a cat, for "Le Soir". For the same newspaper, he also made "Johan".

In 1952, Franquin introduced Peyo to "Le Journal de Spirou". It was a children's comics magazine published by Dupuis which was first in Belgium in 1938. Peyo wrote and drew a lot of characters and storylines. His favourite was "Johan et Pirlouit" (translated into English as "Johan and Peewit"). Set in the Middle Ages in Europe, "Johan et Pirlouit" stars a brave young page to the king, and his faithful, if boastful and cheating, midget sidekick. Johan defends the meek on his trusty horse, while Peewit gallops behind on his goat, named Biquette. 

The first smurf appeared in "Johan and Peewit" on 23 October 1958 in the album "La Flûte à Six Schtroumpfs" ("The Six Smurfed Flute"). As the smurfs became more popular, Peyo started a studio in the early 1960s. Many talented comic artists started to work. The most notable artists to come from this studio are Walthéry, Wasterlain, Gos, Derib, Degieter, and Desorgher.

In 1959, the Smurfs got their own series. Many authors of the Marcinelle school worked together on the writing or as an artist. These include Willy Maltaite (aka 'Will'), Yvan Delporte, and Roger Leloup. Peyo became more of a businessman and supervisor. He let his son, Thierry Culliford, lead the studio. His daughter Véronique was responsible for the merchandising.

The merchandising of the Smurfs began in 1959. The PVC figurines were the most important piece until the late 1970s. Then, with the success of the Smurf records by Father Abraham, the Smurfs got more international success. Some of the toys reached the United States. Hanna-Barbera made a Saturday morning animated series in 1981. Peyo was story supervisor. 




André Delvaux

André, Baron Delvaux (21 March 1926 – 4 October 2002) was a Belgian movie director. He is widely called the founder of the Belgian national cinema. Born in Heverlee, he died in Valencia, Spain. He received the Magritte Honorary Award at the Magritte Awards 2011.


Stijn Coninx

Stijn, Baron Coninx (born 21 February 1957 in Neerpelt, Belgium) is a Belgian movie director. He is best known for the movie "Daens". He was made a Baron by King Albert II of Belgium. He studied movie directing at HRITCS.





Jan Decleir

Jan Decleir (born 14 February 1946) is a Belgian movie and stage actor. He was born in Niel, Antwerp.

His first big role was in Fons Rademakers' "Mira" (1971). He starred in Academy Award winning movies "Karakter" and "Antonia" and the Oscar-nominated social drama "Daens". 

For his role in "The Barons", he received the Magritte Award for Best Supporting Actor.



Marie Gillain

Marie Gillain (born 18 June 1975) is a Belgian actress.

In 1996 Gillain received the Prix Romy Schneider. She is single but has two daughters, Dune (born in 2004, from musician Martin Gamet) and Vega (born in 2009, from French-Italian actor Christopher Degli Esposti).


Mutitjulu

Muṯitjulu is an Indigenous Australian town in the Northern Territory. It is inside Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park, just east of Uluṟu. It is named after a knee-shaped waterhole at the base of Uluṟu. Its people are mostly Pitjantjatjara. There are also some Yankunytjnatjara, Luritja and Ngaanyatjarra families living there. Almost everybody works in the national park.

The community had a population of 283 in the 2006 census. It was reported to have dropped to around 150 in 2012, after alcohol was banned.


The Alzheimer Case

The Alzheimer Case (also called The Alzheimer Affair or The Memory of a Killer) is a 2003 movie directed by Erik Van Looy. It is based on the novel "De Zaak Alzheimer" by Jef Geeraerts.

Albert Namatjira

Albert Namatjira (28 July 1902 – 8 August 1959), born Elea Namatjira, was an Indigenous Australian artist. He is one of Australia's most well-known painters. He is best known for his watercolour paintings of the Australian outback landscape. His works were not in the traditional style of Aboriginal art. But they became important to forming the style of modern indigenous art in Australia.

Namatjira was an Arrernte man from the western MacDonnell Ranges area. He was born at Hermannsburg, a Lutheran mission near Alice Springs. He was born as Elea, but once baptised, his parents changed his name to Albert. He had a western-style upbringing on the mission. When he turned 13, though, he returned to the bush for his initiation. He was made a member of the Arrernte community and was introduced to his traditional heritage. Namatjira said this is how he came to understand the kinship with his land that is seen in his works. He eventually become an elder of the Arrernte community.

His first exhibition was held in Melbourne in 1938. Exhibitions after this in Sydney and Adelaide sold out. His art became widely recognised around Australia. A portrait painting of him by William Dargie won the Archibald Prize in 1956.


Florida Bay

Florida Bay is the large shallow lagoon between the southern end of the Florida mainland (the Florida Everglades) and the Florida Keys, a long series of small islands. The Bay is significant for its ecology of sea grass and the organisms that live there.

Nearly all of Florida Bay is included in Everglades National Park. The southern edge, along the Florida Keys is in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary. Outside the Bay is the northern part of the Keys, and outside them is the Florida Reef, the only barrier coral reef in North America.

The Bay has the largest known seagrass bed in the world. Sea grass beds contain many species from various phyla. Seagrass herbivory is important in the food chain, and eaten by a number of animals, some of them rare. Species that feed on sea grass include green turtles, dugongs, manatees, fish, geese, sea urchins and crabs. The mangrove swamps in the shallow areas are also quite extensive.

Florida Bay is a model for the conditions which produced limestones on many of the continental shelves of the world. It is a kind of carbonate 'factory'.

In the Florida Bay a type of flowering plant called sea grass is in abundance. Also in abundance is white, milky water full of calcium carbonate. This is mainly formed by "Melobesia", a small red alga which lives on the sea grass. Also, the organisms produce huge amounts of slime, which is a polysaccharide. There is good reason to think the slime is produced by the algae to control the way their carbonate skeletons are formed. As a side-effect the slime limits the amount of carbonate which goes into solution in the water, so most of it gets deposited on the bottom.

Florida Bay is a flat platform which has laid down a huge amount of carbonate rock. 

Waterspouts are a feature of the area. There are as many as 500 waterspouts per year. They are common from June to October, but can occur at other times.


Oodgeroo Noonuccal

Oodgeroo Noonuccal ( ; born Kathleen Jean Mary Ruska, formerly Kath Walker; 3 November 1920 – 16 September 1993) was an Australian poet, political activist, artist and teacher. She was best known for her poetry, and was the first Aboriginal Australian to publish a book of verse. Oodgeroo Noonuccal is a traditional Quandamooka name that she adopted for herself in 1988 (Oodgeroo refers to the paperbark tree, and Noonuccal is the name of her tribe).

Oodgeroo campaigned strongly for Aboriginal rights. She was one of the main people behind the campaign for the changes to the Australian constitution in 1967. These changes gave Aboriginal people full citizenship. She also campaigned for Prime Minister Robert Menzies and his successor Harold Holt. 

She wrote many books, beginning with "We Are Going" (1964), the first book to be published by an Aboriginal woman. This first book of poetry was very successful, and Oodgeroo became one of Australia's best-selling poets. Her writing contained strong political messages. Oodgeroo described her own style as "sloganistic". She wanted to show how proud she was of being an Aboriginal. She wanted her writing to make people support equality and Aboriginal rights. Oodgeroo won several literary awards, including the Mary Gilmore Medal (1970), the Jessie Litchfield Award (1975), and the Fellowship of Australian Writers' Award.

In 1972 she opened an educational centre in her hometown of Moongalba, on North Stradbroke Island. The centre taught children about nature and Aboriginal culture.

Oodgeroo was made a member of the Order of the British Empire in 1970. She returned it in 1987 to protest the Australian bicentenary celebrations and to make a political statement about social inequality in Australia.



Sweat gland

Sweat glands, (sudoriferous or sudoriparous glands), are small tube-like glands in the skin that create sweat. 

The evaporation of sweat helps to cool the body down. Also, in many mammals, the sweat contains a slight scent which other animals can notice.

E-learning

An online educational or e-learning service is a website which teaches and helps students improve in certain subjects such as Maths, English and Science. These are normally used by schools to let students learn from home and complete online homework. Website owners who own good online educational services may charge schools to use these websites, however, many websites such as Bitesize, run by the BBC, are open to the public.


Mexican west coast rattlesnake

The Mexican West Coast Rattlesnake (Crotalus basiliscus), also known as the ""Mexican Green Rattler"" or the ""Mexican West Coast Green Rattlesnake"", is a type of venomous pit viper species. The scientific name comes from the Greek word for 'King', basiliskos, because of the snakes large size and dangerous venom.Currently, no subspecies are recognized.

The Mexican West Coast Rattlesnake is one of the largest rattlesnake species. Ones which have the length of 150 centimetres (4.9 ft) are common, while the maximum size is reported to be 204.5 centimetres (6.71 ft).The young are mostly red but when they become adults their color changes to olive green or yellowish cream.

This snakes are found in western Mexico, from southern Sonora to Michoacán. They live in areas which are treeless, are covered in short grass, thorny bushes and have plenty of cactus. 

Not many know what this Rattlesnake eats, but scientist found seven Mexican West Coast Rattlesnakes which had mammal hair inside them, probably belonging to rodents.

In the lowlands, these snakes are active during the raining, summer months and some have been found crossing the roads at night. However some have been seen basking early in the morning. It has been reported that the Mexican West Coast Rattlesnake can be tamed easily in zoos.

Pietro Metastasio

Pietro Metastasio (3 January 1698 – 12 April 1782) was a poet from Italy. His real name was Pietro Antonio Domenico Bonaventura Trapassi. He was born in Rome and died in Vienna. For many years he was the poet laureate for the Holy Roman Emperor in Vienna. He is most famous for his librettos (the story and words) for operas. Many composers used them for their operas. More than 800 operas have a libretto by Metastasio.

Metastasio was born in Rome in 1698. His real name was Pietro Antonio Domenico Bonaventura Trapassi. His father came from Assisi, a city in the Umbria region of Italy. His mother came from Bologna. Metastasio's father, Felice Trapasso, was a soldier in the Pope's army. Later he had a small shop in Rome. When he was a small boy, Metastasio liked to make up poems and say them in the streets near his house. His parents were poor and could not send him to school. When he was 10 years old, they sent him to work for a goldsmith (a person who makes things out of gold). One day a rich lawyer named Giovanni Vincenzo Gravina heard Metastasio saying his poems. He adopted Metastasio and paid for him to go to school. He also changed the boy's name to Pietro Metastasio. Gravina died when Metastasio was 20 years old and left all his money to him. Metastasio wrote a long poem in memory of his adopted father. It was called "" ("The Road of ").

When he was a young man, Metatstasio worked as lawyer in Naples. In those days, Naples was famous for its music and its beautiful opera houses. In Naples, Metastasio took music lessons from the Italian composer, Nicola Porpora. He liked to sing and to play the harpsichord. He sometimes composed his own music too. He also made money by writing poems for famous people's weddings and birthdays. He wrote his first opera libretto in 1724. It was called "". It told the story of Queen Dido and her love for Aeneas, a Trojan prince. It was a great success. He stopped working as a lawyer and made all his money by writing librettos and poems. Soon, he was famous all over Italy for his librettos. Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor asked Metastasio to come to Vienna to work as his poet laureate. In March 1730 Metastasio went to Vienna. He lived there for the rest of his life. He wrote many more opera librettos for the emperor's theatre. After the emperor died, Metastasio worked for the emperor's daughter Maria Theresa of Austria.

Metastasio died in 1782 at the house of his good friends, the Martinez family. He was 84 years old. Metastasio was buried in St. Michael's Church in Vienna. He left all of his money to the Martinez children. There are monuments to Metastasio in Rome and in Vienna. There are also theatres named after him in the Italian cities of Prato and Assisi. During his long life Metastasio wrote many letters to his friends. The English musician and writer, Charles Burney, translated Metastasio's letters into English. In 1796, Burney used them to write a book about the life of Metastasio. The book was called "Memoirs of the Life and Writings of the Abate Metastasio".

Metastasio wrote 26 librettos for a style of opera called "". Many composers used them. More than 800 operas have a libretto by Metastasio. Some of his "opera seria" librettos are: 

Metastasio also wrote librettos for other types of stories set to music. They were used for cantatas, oratorios, ballets and a special type of short opera called an '. An "azione" mostly tells a happy or funny story. They were performed at royal courts to celebrate weddings, birthdays and special anniversaries. One "azione" by Metastasio was called '. The title means "Cupid Wins". It was performed at the Schönbrunn Palace in 1765 to celebrate the wedding of Maria Theresa of Austria's son, Joseph II. Maria Theresa's younger children all sang and danced in "".



Cape Breton Regional Municipality

Cape Breton Regional Municipality often shortened to simply CBRM, is a regional municipality in Nova Scotia's Cape Breton County.

Region of Queens Municipality

The Region of Queens Municipality is a Canadian regional municipality located in southwestern Nova Scotia.

Nokrek National Park

Nokrek National Park is an Indian national park in the West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya near the border with Bangladesh. 

In 2009, UNESCO added Nokrek to its list of Biosphere Reserves.


Eric Sykes

Eric Sykes CBE (4 May 1923 – 4 July 2012) was a British actor, comedian, writer and director. He was born in Oldham, Lancashire. 

Sykes worked mostly on radio and television. He and Hattie Jacques starred in "Sykes and A...", "Sykes and a Big, Big Show" and "Sykes".

Andrew Garfield

Andrew Russell Garfield (born August 20, 1983) is an English-American actor and producer. He is best known for his role as Peter Parker/Spider-Man in the 2012 movie "The Amazing Spider-Man", and its 2014 sequel "The Amazing Spider-Man 2". He also played an Alternate universe version of Peter Parker in . 

Garfield was born in Los Angeles, California and was raised in Epsom, Surrey. He began his career on the UK stage.

In 2018, he won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his role as Prior Walter in "Angels in America". In 2022, he won a Golden Globe Award for his role as Jonathan Larson in "Tick, Tick... Boom!".

Nestlé

Nestlé is the world's largest food producer, by revenue. It was formed in the 1950s, when two companies merged. At the start in the 1860s, the company produced soluble milk that could be given to infants and babies. From about the 1930s, Nestlé also produced soluble coffee. In 2010, Nestle's revenue was about 109 billion Swiss Francs, and its net profit was about 32 billion Swiss Francs.

Nestlé currently owns over 2000 brands. They own brands that manufacture coffee, bottled water, milkshakes and other beverages, breakfast cereals, infant foods, performance and healthcare nutrition, seasonings, soups and sauces, frozen and refrigerated foods, and pet food.

Bear Brand is a powdered milk. It was introduced in 1976. It was owned by Nestlé. It is a sterilized milk brand. The sterilized milk was introduced in 1906. The powdered milk was introduced in 1976. It is #6 among the top 50 "most popular fast-moving consumer goods" in the Philippines.

Bear Brand is sold in Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Myanmar, Malaysia, Brunei, India, Yemen, Nepal, Taiwan, Singapore, China, Iran, Bhutan, Hong Kong and Afghanistan.

Food that is made to be used instead of breast milk is known as infant formula. There are many laws that regulate how infant formula products should be marketed. Nestlé's soluble milk is a product that falls under this definition. In the 1970s, Nestlé marketed its soluble milk to mothers with infants. This was also done in developing countries. The marketing campaign led to a boycott known as Nestlé boycott, which is still ongoing. In 1981, the World Health Organisation published a guideline for advertising infant formula products. Nestlé is being critizised because supposedly it does not respect this code of conduct. Nestlé's policy states that breast-milk is the best food for infants, and that women who cannot or choose not to breast feed need an alternative to ensure that their babies are getting the nutrition they need. The problem is that mothers who stop breastfeeding will not be able to start again, after some time. They will become dependent on infant formula products to feed their babies.

The 2010 documentary "The Dark Side of Chocolate" found that Nestlé purchases cocoa beans from Ivory Coast plantations that use child slave labour. Most children are between twelve and fifteen years old. Some are trafficked from nearby countries. The first allegations that child slavery is used in cocoa production appeared in 1998. In late 2000, a BBC documentary reported the use of enslaved children in the production of cocoa in
West Africa. Other media also reported widespread child slavery and child trafficking in the production of cocoa. In September 2001, Bradley Alford, chairman and CEO of Nestlé USA, signed the Harkin-Engel Protocol. The Harkin-Engel Protocol is an international agreement aimed at ending child labour in the production of cocoa. It is commonly called the Cocoa protocol.

In convention 182, the International Labor Organization defines what it calls the "worst forms of child labour". The Harkin-Engel protocol specified a deadline in 2005, to eliminate these from cocoa production. Because the cocoa industry did not meet this deadline, a lawsuit was filed against Nestlé and others on behalf of three Malian children. The suit alleged the children were trafficked to the Ivory Coast, forced into slavery, and were frequently beaten on a cocoa plantation.

In September 2010, the US District Court for the Central District of California found that corporations cannot be held liable for violations of international law and dismissed the suit. The case was appealed to the US Court of Appeals.

A 2009 joint police operation conducted by INTERPOL and Ivorian law enforcement officers resulted in the rescue of 54 children and the arrest of eight people involved in the illegal recruitment of children.

Cardiff Central railway station

Cardiff Central railway station is a main train station in Cardiff, the capital city of Wales. It is on the South Wales Main Line.

It is the 11th busiest station in the United Kingdom, except for stations in London.

The station is managed by Transport for Wales. Arriva run services along with First Great Western and CrossCountry.

The station has a first class area, the only one in Wales.

It opened as Cardiff, then Cardiff General in July 1924 and Cardiff Central in May 1973 to now.

Coddenham

Coddenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 521 people living in Coddenham.

Debenham

Debenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1874 people living in Debenham.


Barking, Suffolk

Barking is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 440 people living in Barking.

Laxfield

Laxfield is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 872 people living in Laxfield.

Gosbeck

Gosbeck is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 218 people living in Gosbeck.

Otley

Otley is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 665 people living in Otley. It is the birthplace of the English actor, Julian Sands.

Orford

Orford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 658 people living in Orford.

Alderton

Alderton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 421 people living in Alderton.

Yoxford

Yoxford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 695 people living in Yoxford.

Trimley St. Martin

Trimley St. Martin is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1,945 people living in Trimley St. Martin.

Saxmundham

Saxmundham is a town and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2712 people living in Saxmundham.In 2011 the population was estimated by Suffolk County Council to be 3760.

Schools

There are two schools in Saxmundham: "Saxmundham Primary School" and "Saxmundham Free School."

Ufford

Ufford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 808 people living in Ufford.

Trimley St. Mary

Trimley St. Mary is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 3672 people living in Trimley St. Mary.

Rendlesham

Rendlesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1635 people living in Rendlesham.


Dunwich

Dunwich is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 84 people living in Dunwich.

Dunwich was a large medieval town and port. For hundreds of years, the North Sea has destroyed the land on the coast. This process is called coastal erosion. Because of this, over 90% of the buildings have been lost.

Grundisburgh

Grundisburgh is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1472 people living in Grundisburgh.

Tunstall (village)

Tunstall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 6,232 people living in Tunstall.

Martlesham

Martlesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 5501 people living in Martlesham.

Butley

Butley is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 201 people living in Butley.

Thorrington

Thorrington is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1063 people living in Thorrington.


St. Osyth

St. Osyth is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4119 people living in St. Osyth.

Great Oakley

Great Oakley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1012 people living in Great Oakley.


Tendring (civil parish)

Tendring is a village and civil parish in Tendring district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 679 people living in Tendring.

Great Bromley

Great Bromley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1130 people living in Great Bromley.


Little Bentley

Little Bentley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 312 people living in Little Bentley.

[[Category:Civil parishes in Essex]
Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore

Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore () is a private university in Milan, Italy. It was started on December 7, 1921. 

The university has 14 specialized schools.


Elmstead

Elmstead is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1898 people living in Elmstead.

Little Bromley

Little Bromley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 289 people living in Little Bromley.


Dedham, Essex

Dedham is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1852 people living in Dedham.

Layer-de-la-Haye

Layer-de-la-Haye is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1868 people living in Layer-de-la-Haye.

Marks Tey

Marks Tey is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2566 people living in Marks Tey.

Marks Tey is a growing community on the A120 and right next to the A12 with a station with links to London. This means the village is favoured by commuters but has recently started developing within its own right.

Copford

Copford is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1643 people living in Copford.

Silver End

Silver End is a small village in England. It is in Essex, between the towns of Braintree and Witham. It was started by Francis Henry Crittall, who wanted it to be a model village. Crittall started a factory in Silver End for his company, Crittall Windows Ltd. The factory made parts for metal windows.

In 2001, there were 3,861 people living in Silver End. 

Shalford

Shalford is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 746 people living in Shalford.

Great Bardfield

Great Bardfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1238 people living in Great Bardfield.

Henham

Henham is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1161 people living in Henham.

Great Chesterford

Great Chesterford is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1424 people living in Great Chesterford.

Great Sampford

Great Sampford is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 509 people living in Great Sampford.

Rayne

Rayne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2162 people living in Rayne.

Syrian Desert

The Syrian Desert () is a dry, flat land area in northern Saudi Arabia, eastern Jordan, southern Syria, and western Iraq.

Bristol Temple Meads railway station

Bristol Temple Meads railway station is a main line train station in Bristol, England.

The station has main trains to Paddington, Cardiff Central and the South Coast of England. There are also trains towards Taunton.

South Western Railway have services to London Waterloo. There are trains to Plymouth and Penzance, and to Birmingham, Manchester and Scotland. it has thirteen platforms 

In November 2012, Network Rail announced a £100 million redevelopment of the station, with two unused platforms to be opened up.

Nullarbor Plain

Nullarbor Plain (Latin: "nullus", "no", and "arbor", "tree") is an area of flat, dry land in southern Australia on the coastline of the Great Australian Bight.

It is the world's largest single piece of limestone, and occupies an area of about . At its widest point, it stretches about from east to west between South Australia (SA) and Western Australia (WA). 

As to what causes these huge and distinctive limestone areas, no-one knows. Perhaps it is significant that one of the best-known area, the Yukatan, was in or near a hit by a huge meteorite. As much as 50% of the world's hydrocarbon reserves are in carbonate rock, and much of this is in porous karst systems.



André Franquin

André Franquin (3 January 1924 – 5 January 1997) was a Belgian comics artist. His best known comic strip creations are "Gaston" and "Marsupilami". He made these when he worked on the "Spirou et Fantasio" comic strip from 1947 to 1969. This time is seen by many as the series' golden age.


Edgar P. Jacobs

Edgard Félix Pierre Jacobs (30 March 1904 – 20 February 1987), better known under his pen name Edgar P. Jacobs, was a Belgian comic book writer and artist. Jacobs was one of the founding fathers of the European comics movement. He worked with Hergé on the graphic novel series that made him famous, "Blake and Mortimer".

Edgar Pierre Jacobs was born in Brussels in 1904. In 1919 he graduated from school. He took on odd jobs at the opera, including decoration, scenography, and painting. Sometimes he worked as an extra. In 1929 he received the annual Belgian government medal for excellence in classical singing.

In 1940 Jacobs turned permanently to illustration. He drew commercial illustrations and collaborated in the "Bravo" review until 1946.

The American comic strip "Flash Gordon" was not allowed in Belgium by the German forces during World War II. He was asked to write an end to the comic. But German censorship stopped this after only a couple of weeks. Jacobs then published in "Bravo" his first comic strip, "Le Rayon U" ("The U Ray"). This was in the same "Flash Gordon" style.

Around this time, he became a stage painter for a theatre adaptation for Hergé's "Cigars of the Pharaoh". This led to friendship with Hergé. As a direct result, he helped Hergé in colorizing the black and white strips of "The Shooting Star" to be ready for book publication in 1942. From 1944 on he helped in the recasting of his earlier albums "Tintin in the Congo", "Tintin in America", "King Ottokar's Sceptre" and "The Blue Lotus" for color book publication. After the project, he continued to contribute directly in the drawing as well as the storyline for the new Tintin double-albums "The Seven Crystal Balls"/"Prisoners of the Sun".

Jacobs, as a fan of opera, decided to take Hergé with him to a concert. Hergé did not like opera, however, and for decades he would gently joke with his friend Jacobs through opera singer Bianca Castafiore, a supporting character in "The Adventures of Tintin". Hergé also gave him tiny cameo roles in "Tintin" adventures, sometimes under the name Jacobini.

In 1946, he was part of the team gathered by Raymond Leblanc around the new comics magazine "Le Journal de Tintin". His story "Le secret de l’Espadon" ("The Secret of the Swordfish") was published on September 26. This was the first of the "Blake and Mortimer" series.




Yves Lambert

Yves Lambert (born 4 June 1936 in Nancy) is a French aerospace engineer. He was head of Eurocontrol from 1994 to 2000.

He was a graduate of the "École Polytechnique" (1956) and the French Civil Aviation University (1959). Lambert has had a career in civil aviation in Algeria and at the International Civil Aviation Organization. He returned to France to be an air navigation director until 1993.

In 1994, he was nominated head of Eurocontrol. He had this position until 2000.

Yves Lambert is member of the "Académie de l'air et de l'espace" and the Royal Aeronautical Society.



Nintendo 3DS system software

Nintendo 3DS system software is software on the Nintendo 3DS video game console that can be updated. These updates, which are downloaded through the system's Internet connection, lets Nintendo add and take away features and software. Updates also have changes from previous versions. The newest version of the system software, 11.15.0-47, was released on July 26, 2021.

The Home Menu is a GUI like the Wii's "Wii Menu" and the DSi's "DSi Menu" which lets you use applications from Nintendo game cards, 3DS applications, or DSiWare applications. The menu has space to show 60 applications, though 120 spaces, for one application each, will show when space starts to run out. On the top screen, the menu shows information such as signal strength, step count, date, time, and battery life. With the home button, the user can go to the HOME menu, except for DS games or DSiWare, which won't let the player go there without quitting the game. From the home screen, the user can manage notes, check friend lists, change the level of light, check notifications, and if updated to the latest version, browse the internet, all without closing the current application. At the home menu, the user can also take photos with the 3D cameras by pressing the L or R buttons. To open another application, the one the player is using must be closed first. Like the DSi, game cards can be swapped while in the menu.

All the following applications come with the latest version of the firmware, with the system:


All the following applications let you do something else while they are open:


All the following applications need to be downloaded from the Nintendo eShop first:


The following is a list of all the versions of Nintendo 3DS firmware.

a This update came with the specified games and has a regular last number (0, 1, 2, 3...)

b Nintendo 3DS owners who performed the 2.1.0-4 system update prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on Aug. 18, 2011, were automatically registered for the program.

Willy Vandersteen

Willy Vandersteen (15 February 1913 – 28 August 1990) was a Belgian maker of comic books. In his life, he made a large studio and published more than 1,000 comic albums in over 25 series. He sold more than 200 million copies worldwide.

He is considered together with Marc Sleen the founding father of Flemish comics. He is mainly popular in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany. Hergé called him "The Brueghel of the comic strip". The creation of his own studio and the mass production and commercialization of his work turned him into "the Walt Disney of the Low Countries".

Vandersteen is best known for "Suske en Wiske" (published in English as "Spike and Suzy", "Luke and Lucy", "Willy and Wanda" or "Bob and Bobette"). In 2008 it sold 3.5 million books. His other major series are "De Rode Ridder" with over 200 albums and "Bessy" with almost 1,000 albums published in Germany.


According to UNESCO's Index Translationum, Vandersteen is the second most often translated Dutch language author, after Anne Frank.

Dardenne brothers

Brothers Jean-Pierre Dardenne (born 21 April 1951 in Liège, Belgium) and Luc Dardenne (born 10 March 1954 in Liège, Belgium) are a Belgian movie making duo. They write, produce and direct their movies together.

The Dardennes began making narrative and documentary movies in the late 1970s. They first came to international attention in the mid-1990s with "La Promesse" ("The Promise"). They won their first major international movie prize when "Rosetta" won the Palme d'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival. All their movies since have played at the Cannes main competition and won one of the major prizes. They have won more awards than any other movie makers in the history of the Cannes Film Festival. 

In 2005, they won the Palme d'Or a second time for their movie "L’Enfant" ("The Child"). This put them in an elite group of only 7 with the likes of Francis Ford Coppola. 

Jean-Pierre is the jury president for the Cinéfoundation and Short Films sections of the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.




Sarah Hyland

Sarah Jane Hyland (born November 24 1990 in New York City) is an American television actress. She appears on the ABC sitcom "Modern Family".

Hyland is the daughter of actors Melissa Canardo and Edward James Hyland. She is also the sister of actor Ian Hyland.

Hyland has been acting since she was five years old. Her first role was as Howard Stern's daughter in "Private Parts".

In 2017, Hyland began a relationship with Wells Adams, a radio personality and former contestant on "The Bachelorette" and "Bachelor in Paradise". In July 2019, the couple became engaged.

Ghent Altarpiece

The Ghent Altarpiece or Adoration of the Mystic Lamb ( or "The Lamb of God"; completed 1432) is a very large and complex Early Flemish polyptych panel painting. It is one of Belgium's masterpieces and one of the world's treasures.

It was once in the "Joost Vijdt" chapel at Saint Bavo Cathedral, Ghent, Belgium. Later it was moved to the chapel of the cathedral. It was commissioned by the rich merchant and financier Joost Vijdt for his and his wife's private chapel. It was begun by Hubert van Eyck, who died in 1426 while work was underway. It was completed by his younger brother Jan van Eyck. 

The altarpiece has a total of 24 framed panels. They make up two views, open and closed. The upper row of the opened view shows Christ the King between the Virgin Mary and John the Baptist. The insides of the wings show angels singing and making music. On the outside is Adam and Eve. The lower row of the central panel shows the adoration of the Lamb of God. Several groups are in attendance and streaming in to worship, overseen by the dove who is the Holy Spirit. On weekdays the wings were closed. This showed the Annunciation of Mary and donor portraits of Joost Vijdt and his wife Lysbette Borluut.

There used to be writing on the frame saying that Hubert van Eyck "greater than anyone" started the altarpiece, but that Jan van Eyck - calling himself "second best in the art" - finished it in 1432. The original, very ornate carved outer frame and surround was destroyed during the Reformation. There has been speculation that it may have had clockwork mechanisms for moving the shutters and even playing music.

The original lower left panel known as The Just Judges was stolen in 1934. The original panel has never been found. It was replaced by a copy made in 1945 by Jef Vanderveken. The stolen panel plays a big part in Albert Camus' novel "La chute". In 2010 Dutch journalist Karl Hammer published "The secret of the sacred panel". He describes the involvement of various religious groups, the Vatican and British intelligence services in their attempt to get back the lost panel.

When opened, the altarpiece measures .

Horta Museum

The Horta Museum is a museum dedicated to the life and work of the Belgian Art Nouveau architect Victor Horta and his time. The museum is in Horta's former house in the Brussels municipality of Saint-Gilles. There is a permanent display of furniture, utensils and art objects made by Horta and his contemporaries. There are also documents related to his life and time. The museum organises temporary exhibitions on topics related to Horta and his art. The building is on the UNESCO World Heritage List.


Saint-Gilles, Belgium

Saint-Gilles (in French) or Sint-Gillis (in Dutch) is one of the nineteen municipalities in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.

In 1830, Brussels became the capital of newly founded Belgium. As a result, the rural village of Saint-Gilles went through a big growth. The population went from 2,500 around 1800 to more than 33,000 in 1880 to a peak of 60,000 in 1910.

The pattern of the streets was completely remodeled in the 1860s by architect and urbanist Victor Besme. These were the years when the Louise Avenue, the Brussels-South railway station, and the new Saint Giles church were built. They were soon followed by the new jail and city hall. Today, Saint-Gilles is one of the densest municipalities of the Brussels agglomeration.


The local council usually has a socialist majority. The mayor as of 2012 is Charles Picqué. He is also Minister-President of the Brussels-Capital Region.

Saint-Gilles hosts:


Saint Gilles has a football club called Royal Union Saint Gilloise. They were successful until the 1930s.

Moules-frites

Moules-frites is a popular dish with mussels and French fries. It is mostly eaten in Belgium, and northern France.

"Moules" means mussels and "frites" means fries in French.


Praline

Praline is a confection made from nuts and sugar syrup. They may be in whole pieces or a ground powder. The powder is called "pralin". Belgian pralines are different. They have a hard chocolate shell with a softer, sometimes liquid, filling. French pralines are a combination of almonds and caramelized sugar. American pralines have milk or cream. They are therefore softer and creamier, like fudge.

Côte d'Or (brand)

Côte d'Or is a producer of Belgian chocolate, owned by Kraft Foods.

Côte d'Or was founded in 1883 by Charles Neuhaus. He was a chocolate manufacturer who used the name Côte d'Or which was French for Gold Coast. This is the old name of Ghana where most of the cacao beans used in chocolate manufacturing come from.

Côte d'Or was purchased by Jacobs Suchard in 1987. Jacobs Suchard in turn was purchased by Kraft General Foods in 1990.

Belgians eat 600 million Côte d'Or products a year. Every day, the Côte d'Or factory in Halle makes 1.3 million mignonnettes (small chocolate bars), and 2 million Chokotoffs (chocolate bonbons).

Currently Côte d’Or is sold in more than 20 countries, across 5 continents.


Guylian

Guylian () is a Belgian chocolate manufacturer founded by Guy Foubert in 1960. The company takes its name from the combination of Foubert's first name (Guy) with that of his wife, Liliane. Guylian is perhaps most famous for their chocolate Sea Shells praline with different fillings. Guylian has been the major sponsor of Project Seahorse since 1999.

In 2008 Lotte Confectionery from South Korea bought the company for $164 mln.

A seahorse is used as the company's icon. It is worldwide protected by copyright. Its tail curls the other way around than real seahorses.

Guylian sells pralines in gift boxes, individually wrapped chocolates, chocolate bars, chocolate truffles and napolitains. Guylian is best known for its chocolate Sea Shells. Besides the original Guylian hazelnut praline, created by Guy Foubert in the 1960s, there are now other flavours available.

In March 2005, Guylian made a Guinness World Record. They built the world's largest chocolate sculpture of an Easter egg. This was on the market square in Sint-Niklaas (Belgium). 26 Guylian master chocolatiers worked continuously for eight days to make this giant chocolate egg. The sculpture measured 8.32 meters high and 6.39 meters wide. It was made using 1,950 kilos of chocolate or about 50,000 chocolate Sea Shell Bars.


Neuhaus (chocolatier)

Neuhaus is a company that makes luxury Belgian chocolates, biscuits and ice cream. The company was founded in Brussels in 1857 by Jean Neuhaus. Neuhaus was a Swiss immigrant who opened the first store in the Galeries Royales Saint-Hubert. In 1912, his grandson, Jean Neuhaus II, invented the chocolate bonbon or "praline".

Today, Neuhaus has over 1,500 selling points in 50 countries. All Neuhaus products are still made in Vlezenbeek (Flemish Brabant). They are exported worldwide. In 2000, the company was named Accredited Supplier to the Belgian Crown.


Leonidas (chocolate maker)

Leonidas Confiserie SA is a chocolate maker with an international presence, based in Belgium. Leonidas has over 1400 retail stores all over the world. The company's focus is pralines (chocolate shells with soft fillings, called "Belgian Chocolate" in English-speaking countries). It also sells marzipan, solid chocolates, and other confections. 

The company is named after its Greek founder, Leonidas Kestekides. He was a confectioner who moved from Anatolia to the United States in the late 19th century. The logo used on Leonidas chocolates shows a picture of the Greek warrior Leonidas, King of Sparta.


Beijing National Stadium

Beijing National Stadium is a stadium in Beijing, China. It is officially called the National Stadium and also known as the Bird's Nest (鸟巢). The stadium was build to be the main venue during the 2008 Summer Olympics and Paralympics.

The stadium cost US$423 million. A shopping mall and a hotel are planned to be built. This will increase use of the stadium. There was trouble attracting events, football and otherwise, after the Olympics.
The eastern and western stands of Beijing National Stadium are higher than northern and southern stands. This is in order to improve sightlines. A 24-hour per day rainwater collector is near the stadium. After water is purified, it is used throughout and around the stadium. Pipes were placed under the playing surface to gather heat in the winter to warm the stadium and coldness in the summer to cool the stadium. The stadium's design originally could fit until 100,000 people in their maximum capacity.During the bulding phase, near 9,000 seats were removed from the design due the security and logistics factors. After the 2008 Summer Olympics,a near batch of another 11.000 temporary seats were removed. Now the stadium can support a maximum public of 80.000 people.

The stadium hosted the 2009 Race of Champions. In July 2010, the stadium hosted a friendly football match between Premier League team Birmingham City and Beijing Guoan. In August 2011, the Bird's Nest hosted the Supercoppa Italiana. This was the stadium's second in three years.

The 2015 World Championships in Athletics took place at the Beijing National Stadium. The venue was the first Summer and Winter Olympics main venue as also hosted the Opening and Closing ceremonies during the 2022 Winter Olympics and 2022 Winter Paralympics also held in Beijing.

Jigging

Jigging is a method of fishing. It is well known in Japan, especially in Okinawa, the United States, and Canada. This way of fishing need a unique fishing lure called a jig. The hook does not hang bait. It consists of a model that resembles an injured fish. The model will lure big fish. On the fishing boat, fishermen jerk the fishing line regularly. The hook moves vertically. Because this is a fairly new method of fishing, jigging equipment is limited. But, universal fishing equipment can be used to jig, as well.

White Mountain School

The White Mountain School (also called just White Mountain or WMS) is an independent school in Bethlehem, New Hampshire, USA. In 1886, the school was an all-girls school called St. Mary's School. On January 3, 1964, the school's main building was burned down, so the administration decided to rebuild the school. Six years later, in 1970, the school started to accept male students. In 1971, the school was renamed White Mountain School.

The school has students in four grades: 9 through 12. These are the high school grades. The school has about 100 students, 55 males and 45 females. There are nearly 20 international students, 15 of which are Chinese. Most of students come from 25 states and a dozen countries. Half of the students receive financial aid given by the school.

The school has 250 acres of land between the towns of Bethlehem and Littleton. The campus has a main building, four dormitories, a building for science and math classes, a gym with cardio machines and weight-lifting equipment, an indoor rock climbing wall, a theater, squash courts and faculty housing.

Beijing National Day School

Beijing National Day School (BNDS) is a national middle school in Beijing, China. It was established by the Central Military Committee in 1952. Revolutionaries of the committee, Zhou Enlai and Luo Ronghuan, wanted to form a school that provided a higher quality of education for young people. The result of their dreams was Beijing National Day School, named by Marshal Nie Rong Zhen as a tribute to the National Day of China. 

Covering , the school currently offers education to over 5,000 Chinese students in 100 classes from grades 7 to 12. Beijing National Day School is also authorized to enroll international students by the Beijing Municipal Education Committee, and so far has international students from different countries of the world including the Germany, South Korea, Japan, Mongolia, Hong Kong and the United States.

The Shard

The Shard (also referred to as the Shard of Glass, Shard London Bridge or the London Bridge Tower) is a high-rise building in Southwark, London. The Shard was built in July 2012. It is 310 metres (1,016 ft) high. It was the tallest building in the European Union until late 2020, and 96th tallest in the world. It is also the second-tallest free-standing structure in the United Kingdom, after the 330-metre (1,083 ft) concrete tower at the Emley Moor transmitting station.

The Shard replaced Southwark Towers, a 24-storey office building built on the site in 1975. Renzo Piano was the Shard's architect. Piano is best known for creating Paris’s Pompidou Centre in cooperation with Britain’s Richard Rogers. Piano worked with the architectural firm Broadway Malyan during the planning stage. The tower has 72 floors that can be used for offices, with a viewing gallery and open-air observation deck – the UK's highest – on the 72nd floor, at a height of 245 metres (804 ft). The Shard was designed with an irregular pyramidal shape from the bottom to the top, and is covered entirely in glass. Its structure was completed in April 2012. It opened to the public on 5 July 2012. 

The Shard was designed in 2000. That year, the London-based entrepreneur Irvine Sellar decided to redevelop Southwark Towers, a 1970s office block next to London Bridge station, and flew to Berlin in March 2000 to meet Piano for lunch. According to Sellar, the architect spoke of his contempt for tall buildings during the meal, before flipping over the restaurant’s menu and sketching an iceberg-like sculpture emerging from the River Thames. He got his ideas from the railway lines next to the site, the London spires in the paintings of 18th-century Venetian painter Canaletto, and the masts of sailing ships.

In April 2008, demolition of Southwark Towers was going on. Scaffolding and white sheeting covered the building. By October, Southwark Towers was much shorter and was no longer visible on the skyline. The building's demolition was completed in early 2009, and site preparation began for the construction of the Shard.

Each floor of The Shard is used for a particular purpose. The majority of the building is used for accommodation and for offices. On the higher floors, they are reserved specifically for the purposes of taking views of the entire city, which takes advantage of how significantly tall the building is.

"Source: Shard London Bridge brochure, 2010"


07-Ghost

07 ghost is a manga which happened in a fictional world. It is created and illustrated by Yuki Amemiya and Yukino Ichihara. As of March 2012, thirteen bound volumes have been released by the publisher. "07 ghost" was also made into both a drama and television anime in April 2009. "07 ghost" is set in a world where everything is different. Different schools, different churches, different beliefs, with magic.

07-Ghost won a double-first prize in the 3rd Zero-Sum Comics Grand-Prix. This means it was chosen for first place by both readers and editors, which is very rare.

Teito Klein is a slave who was captured from Raggs Kingdom. Now he is an excellent student in the Barsburg Empire's military academy. The school teaches students to use Zaiphon, a power like a kind of magic.
He has a best friend in this school, Mikage. Mikage is Teito's only friend. They swear that no matter what happened, they will never give up each other, and be best friends forever.

One day Teito finds that Chief of Staff Ayanami killed his father, the king of the Raggs Kingdom. He wants to kill Ayanami and get revenge for his father. But Ayanami is very strong, so Teito is put in prison. And Mikage find that soon. He wants to save his best friend's life, so he helps Teito run away. To protect Mikage, Teito says that he hijacked Mikage as a hostage. He escapes but his flying machine is shot up by Ayanami. Three bishops of 7th District's church save him and hide him in the church. Teito found that he brings the Eye of Mikhail, which is a powerful gem. Ayanami wants that and tries to carry Teito. So Teito and three bishops who are the members of 7 ghost begin to fight for peace and justice. 7 ghost was the patron saint of this world.
And Teito needs to find the truth of the battles of Raggs Kingdom and Barsburg Empire.


Wellesley College

Wellesley College is an all-female school in Wellesley, Massachusetts, United States. The original name of the college was the Wellesley Female Seminary. The school was started by Mr. Durant and his wife. They started the college on March 17, 1870. It is in a village about 13 miles from Boston. Wellesley College has only female students. The school has many old buildings and beautiful views.

Women who were studies here are:
Women who were teachers or worked here are:

Iraq national under-23 football team

The Iraq national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Iraq at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Iraq at various grounds. They were one of the first teams to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version.


Since 1992, the Olympic team has been drawn from a squad with a maximum of three players over 23 years of age, and the achievements of this team are not generally regarded as part of the national team's records, nor are the statistics credited to the players' international records.

Saudi Arabia national under-23 football team

The Saudi Arabia national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Saudi Arabia at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Saudi Arabia at various grounds. They were one of the first teams to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version.


2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship

"Belarus, Iceland and Denmark played on a three-way tie to find the one team who will qualify. Belarus won, and they qualified."

President of the German Bundestag

The President of the German Bundestag (German: "Präsident des Deutschen Bundestages" or "Bundestagspräsident") is the person that is in charge of the meetings of the German Bundestag, the parliament of Germany, whos duties is similar to a speaker. In the German order of precedence, the office is ranked second after the President and before the Chancellor.

The President of the Bundestag is elected by all members in the Bundestag, during a special time of the election period. The President has to be a member of the Bundestag. Until the election is over, the Father of the House is in charge of the Bundestag.

Usually, the President is part of the largest political party. The President can be reelected, but again he must be a member of the Bundestag again. The President also always has a Vice President (German: "Vizepräsident des Deutschen Bundestages" or "Bundestagsvizepräsident").

The Presidents most important duty is to take charge of the meetings of the Bundestag. He decides the order of speakers and opens and closes the debates, and makes sure the meetings take place properly. If a big disruption happens, he has the power to not allow a certain member from meetings for up to 30 days.

Political parties

Flowton

Flowton is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 103 people living in Flowton. It has a church called St Mary.

Akenham

Akenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 53 people living in Akenham. It has a church called St Mary.

Henley

Henley is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 546 people living in Henley.

Bramford

Bramford is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2386 people living in Bramford.

Ashbocking

Ashbocking is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 318 people living in Ashbocking.

Great Blakenham

Great Blakenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1083 people living in Great Blakenham.

Claydon

Claydon is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1912 people living in Claydon.

Augeias of Elis

King Augeias of Elis is a character in Greek mythology. He was the son of Helios (the sun-god) and Iphiboë or Naupiadame, the daughter of Amphidamas. Some say his father was Poseidon. He was rich and happy because he had huge herds of cattle. His son was Phyleos. He is famous for his dirty cattle stables. Cleaning these stables was one of the Labors of Herakles. Augeias did not respect his part of the bargain made with Herakles in the cleaning of the stables. Herakles took him to court. Augeias's son testified against his father. Augeias drove both his son and Herakles out of the land. Herakles later came back to make war on Augeias. The hero would found the sanctuary of Olympia and the Olympic Games near Elis.

Somersham

Somersham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 713 people living in Somersham.

Felsham

Felsham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 417 people living in Felsham.

Great Finborough

Great Finborough is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 755 people living in Great Finborough.

Great Livermere

Great Livermere is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 220 people living in Great Livermere.

Shotley Gate

Shotley Gate is a settlement in Suffolk, England. It has a pub called Bristol Arms.

Fornham All Saints

Fornham All Saints is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1137 people living in Fornham All Saints.

Great Bricett

Great Bricett is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1193 people living in Great Bricett.

Lidgate

Lidgate is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 191 people living in Lidgate.

Stradishall

Stradishall is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 442 people living in Stradishall.

Elveden

Elveden is a village and civil parish in Forest Heath, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 248 people living in Elveden.

Westley

Westley is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 189 people living in Westley.

Kedington

Kedington is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1815 people living in Kedington.

Cretingham

Cretingham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 193 people living in Cretingham.

Mickfield

Mickfield is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 188 people living in Mickfield.

Natland

Natland is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 747 people living in Natland. It has a church called St Mark's Church.

Arnside

Arnside is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2301 people living in Arnside.

Beetham

Beetham is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1724 people living in Beetham.

Milnthorpe

Milnthorpe is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2106 people living in Milnthorpe.

Burton-in-Kendal

Burton-in-Kendal is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1411 people living in Burton-in-Kendal.

Ambleside

Ambleside is a town in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St Mary's Church.

Sedbergh

Sedbergh is a town and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2705 people living in Sedbergh.

Killington

Killington is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 152 people living in Killington.

Middleton, Cumbria

Middleton is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 109 people living in Middleton.

Hutton Roof

Hutton Roof is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 193 people living in Hutton Roof.

Multi-crew cooperation

The multi-crew cooperation (MCC) certificate is required for airplane pilots to fly multi-crew aircraft. It is a must for pilots applying for a multi pilot type rating and can be done separately or together.

Burgh by Sands

Burgh by Sands is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1143 people living in Burgh by Sands.

Crotalus

Crotalus is a genus of venomous pit vipers found only in the Americas from southern Canada to northern Argentina. The name comes from the Greek word krotalon, which means "rattle", referring to the rattle on the end of the tail. There are currently 29 species recognized.

Members of this genus range in size from only 50–60 cm to over 150 cm. Adult males are slightly larger than females. Compared to most snakes they are heavy-bodied, although some African vipers are much thicker. They are recognized by the rattle on their tail though some species do not have tails.

Small species eat mainly lizards, while larger species first eat lizards when young, then start eating mammals when they become adults, like rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, gophers, rats and mice, some also eat birds, other snakes and amphibians.

Humans are a threat to "Crotalus", but other snakes like the Kingsnake, the Coachwhip, the Indigo Snake and the Racer are also threats. Birds like the hawk, the eagle, the owl, the raven and the roadrunner, and mammals like the coyote, the fox, the wildcat, the badger and the skunk are also threats

Almost all "Crotalus" venoms are hemotoxic, meaning that the venom destroys red blood cells, stops blood clotting,and damages tissue. Hemotoxic is very painful, and people who are bitten by a snake with hemotoxic don't always make a full recovery. Some species like Crotalus Scutalatus and Crotalus Tigris have a nuerotoxic venom, while neurotoxins are less painful they kill more quicker. Neurotoxins are also found in the venom of Cobras and mambas. The eastern diamondback rattlesnake (Crotalus Adamanteus) in some parts of its range may have a nuerotoxin in their venom as well as a hemotoxins.


Rockcliffe

Rockcliffe is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 733 people living in Rockcliffe.

Beaumont, Cumbria

Beaumont is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 447 people living in Beaumont.

Cummersdale

Cummersdale is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 486 people living in Cummersdale.

Walton

Walton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 278 people living in Walton.

Newbourne

Newbourne is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 267 people living in Newbourne.

List of Kyoto Sanga FC players

The List of Kyoto Sanga F.C. is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Kyoto Sanga F.C. is a Japanese professional football club in Gifu Prefecture.



Bucklesham

Bucklesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 542 people living in Bucklesham.

Playford

Playford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 204 people living in Playford.

Poslingford

Poslingford is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 183 people living in Poslingford.

Stapleford Tawney

Stapleford Tawney is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 103 people living in Stapleford Tawney.

High Ongar

High Ongar is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1171 people living in High Ongar.

North Weald Bassett

North Weald Bassett is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 6039 people living in North Weald Bassett.

Bobbingworth

Bobbingworth is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 279 people living in Bobbingworth.

Epping Upland

Epping Upland is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 790 people living in Epping Upland.

Fyfield

Fyfield is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 737 people living in Fyfield.

Hurricane Tomas

Hurricane Tomas was the nineteenth storm and twelfth hurricane of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season. Winds peaked at 100 mph. Tomas cut across the Eastern Caribbean and took 65 lives (mostly across Cuba and Hispaniola). The damage totaled $652 million. The name Tomas was then retired and replaced with Tobias, which will be used during 2016 season.

List of The Ren &amp; Stimpy Show episodes

This is a list of episodes of the animated series "The Ren & Stimpy Show". It was first on Nickelodeon on August 11, 1991. It went for five seasons for 52 episodes.

In 1995, "The Ren & Stimpy Show" was cancelled by Nickelodeon, its creator, John Kricfalusi, made a new series about the characters. It was called "Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon"". It was for a more adult audience.

Chippenham railway station

Chippenham railway station is a main train station in Chippenham, Wiltshire, South West England.

The station has trains to , Didcot, and London; and trains to Bristol, Bath and Wales. These trains are every half an hour in both directions, and, there are also trains to stations further away.

There are also trains to Trowbridge, Melksham and Westbury. These trains go to Southampton Central around Westbury and Salisbury. Trains in the other direction start from Westbury, services to Southampton come from Great Malvern or from Cheltenham Spa. There is a train to Cheltenham Spa which goes around Swindon and Gloucester in the morning and late afternoon. There are also two Saturday trains each way (but at different times to the weekday ones) and a single train each way on Sundays.

In 2010, Go-Op wanted to run trains from Birmingham Moor Street, around Oxford and Swindon, to Yeovil, which would call at Chippenham. They wanted to start running trains in December 2011, but they have not started yet.

There are plans to electrify the line Chippenham's on, which would bring faster and bigger 'Super Express' trains on the line. This would make the journey shorter.

A new bridge and lifts were installed in November 2014.

In 2004, the station was given an award to show how safe the station was. The award, which was for 2 years, was given to the station as a passenger vote said that 98% of the passengers who went from Chippenham said they felt 'safe' or 'very safe' whilst at the station. The station has 24 hour CCTV and is alarmed. 

List of football clubs in India

The List of Indian football teams is evolving. The list is changing as the popularity of Association football (soccer) grows in India. 

The Indian Football Association (IFA) was established in Calcutta in 1893. 

The National Football League was established in 1996 by the All India Football Federation.

The I-League was founded in 2006. The I-League has 14 clubs.

The I-League 2nd Division has 21 clubs.



Raja Pervaiz Ashraf

Raja Pervaiz Ashraf (; born 26 December, 1950 in Sanghar) is 21st and current Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan since 16 April 2022. He also served as the 19th Prime Minister of Pakistan. He took charge of office on 22 June 2012 after disqualification of 18th prime minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani. He belongs to the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) and has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.

Pune FC

Pune F.C. is an Indian football club at Pune in the state of Maharashtra.

Pune is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

The club was founded in 2007. The team was created to integrate "the community through sport". The team owners brought together a passion for sports and improving the quality of life of the communities we serve.

In the 2009-10 season, Pune was elevated to the first division of the Indian Football League.
In 2011, Pune became the first Indian team to play an English Premier League team at home. Blackburn Rovers F.C. played at Pune on 7th October, 2011.



List of Pune FC players

The List of Pune F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Pune F.C. is an Indian football club at Pune in the state of Maharashtra.


There are 26 men on the 2012 team.







Derek Jacobi

Sir Derek George Jacobi CBE (born 22 October 1938) is a British actor.

Jacobi was born in Leytonstone, London. He graduated from St John's College, Cambridge with a Master of Arts. 

Jacobi is openly gay and lives in Primrose Hill, London with his civil partner.

Paresh Shivalkar

Paresh Shivalkar (born 13 July 1981) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an association football or soccer player. 

In 2008-2010, he played for Mahendra United.

In 2011-2012, he played for Pune F.C..


Typhoon Ike

Typhoon Ike was an incredibly damaging, deadly and catastropic super typhoon that caused in excess of 1400 lives lost and extreme damage. This typhoon crossed over the Philippines and eastern China in late August/early September 1984. The storm carried winds matching Category 4 hurricane level. The name Ike was then retired from use because of its impact over the area.

Jo-Wilfried Tsonga

Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (born 17 April 1985) is a French tennis player. He is ranked number 13 in the world rankings. He is the number one tennis player in France. He was born in Le Mans. His mother is French and his father is Congolese.

Tsonga was made famous by his performance in the 2008 Australian Open. For, as an unseeded player, he reached the singles final. Tsonga reached the semi-final at the 2010 Australian Open and at Wimbledon in 2011 and 2012.

This table shows Tsonga's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.

List of Oita Trinita players

List of Oita Trinita players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Oita Trinita is a Japanese professional football club in Ōita on the island of Kyushu.




Othallo Tabia

Othallo Tabia is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player. 

In the 2011-2012 season, Tabia joined the Pune F.C. team.


Difference quotient

The difference quotient is a formula that finds the average rate of change of any function between two points. In calculus, the difference quotient is the formula used for finding the derivative, which is the limit of the difference quotient between two points as they get closer and closer to each other (this limit is also the rate of change of a function at a single point). The difference quotient was formulated by Isaac Newton.

The difference quotient can be described as the formula for finding the slope of a line that touches a curve at only two points (this line is called the secant line). If we are trying to find the slope of a perfectly straight line, then we use the slope formula, which is simply the change in "y" divided by the change in "x". This is very accurate, but only for straight lines. The difference quotient, however, allows one to find the slope of any line or curve at any single point. The difference quotient, as well as the slope formula, is merely the change in "y" divided by the change in "x". The only difference is that in the slope formula, "y" is used as the y-axis, but in the difference quotient, the change in the "y"-axis is described by f(x). (For a detailed description, see the following section.)

The difference quotient is the slope of the secant line between two points.
If one uses the notation formula_2, then this becomes formula_3.

The difference quotient can be used to find the slope of a curve, as well as the slope of a straight line. After we find the difference quotient of a function and take the limit as two points get closer and closer to each other, we have a new function, called the derivative. To find the slope of the curve or line, we input the value of "x" to get the slope. The process of finding the derivative via the difference quotient is called differentiation.

The derivative has many real life applications. One application of the derivative is listed below.

In physics, the instantaneous velocity of an object (the velocity at an instance in time) is defined as the derivative of the position of the object (as function of time). For example, if an object's position is given by x(t)=-16t+16t+32, then the object's velocity is v(t)=-32t+16. To find the instantaneous acceleration, one simply takes the derivative of the instantaneous velocity function. For example, in the above function, the acceleration function is a(t) = -32. 


Arata Izumi

After graduating from high school in Japan, he joined Albirex Niigata FC (Singapore) of Singapore's S.League.

He played in Japan Football League for one season; and then he began playing in India.

In India, he plays attacking midfielder.


23 (Bushido &amp; Sido album)

23 is a collection of Bushido and Sido songs which was released on October 14, 2011 in three versions: Standard, Premium and Deluxe. The album reached number 1 in the German Amazon music charts and hip-hop charts. 


Peter Higgs

Peter Ware Higgs CH FRS FRSE (born Newcastle upon Tyne, 29 May 1929) is an English theoretical physicist, and emeritus professor at the University of Edinburgh.
He was awarded the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics for predicting the existence of the Higgs boson, the "most sought-after particle in modern physics". Higgs shared the prize with François Englert. Higgs was appointed to the Order of the Companions of Honour in 2013.

In the 1960s, he proposed broken symmetry in electroweak theory. This explains the origin of mass of elementary particles in general. It also shows the origin of the W and Z bosons. The theory known as Higgs mechanism was proposed by several physicists at the same time. It proposes the existence of a new particle, the Higgs boson. On 4 July 2012, CERN announced they had found a new particle much like the Higgs boson in experiments, but that more work was necessary to analyse its properties and see if it had the properties expected from the Standard Model Higgs boson.

The Higgs mechanism is generally accepted as an important part of the Standard Model of particle physics, without which particles would have no mass.

Higgs has received a number of awards. These include the 1997 Dirac Medal and Prize for outstanding contributions to theoretical physics, the 2004 Wolf Prize in Physics, and the 2010 Sakurai Prize.

Roadrunner

The roadrunner ("Geococcyx") is a fast-running bird. The roadrunner is also called the "chaparral bird" and the "chaparral cock".

The roadrunners are a genus of ground cuckoos. The two species of roadrunners are the greater roadrunner and the lesser roadrunner. The greater roadrunner, ("Geococcyx californianus") lives in Mexico and the southwestern U.S.A. The lesser roadrunner, ("Geococcyx velox") lives in Mexico and Central America.

The roadrunner is a large, slender, black-brown and white streaked ground bird which has an average weight of 8 to 15 ounces, and is about 18 inches (46 cm) to 22 inches (56 cm) from tail to beak. It has long legs, strong feet, and a big dark beak. The roadrunner is terrestrial (lives on land). Even though it can fly, it spends most of its time on the ground. When they fly their wings are short and rounded and have a white crescent on the feathers. Roadrunners and other members of the cuckoo family have zygodactyl feet (two toes on the front and two toes on the back). Roadrunners can run up to the speed of 20 miles per hour (32 km per hour). They fly to escape predators.Some Roadrunner run til 26 miles per hour.

Roadrunners live in deserts of the southwestern U.S.A, Mexico and Central America.They also live in the sonoran desert

Roadrunners are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants. They eat insects like grasshoppers, crickets, beetles, and caterpillars, small reptiles like lizards and snakes, rodents and other small mammals. They also eat tarantulas and other spiders, scorpions, centipedes, snails, small birds and eggs. The plants they eat are fruits and seeds like prickly pear cactus and sumac. Roadrunners search on the ground to find food. They usually run after their prey but also sometimes may leap to catch insects. Because of its fast speed, the roadrunner is one of the few animals that preys upon the rattlesnake.
The roadrunner is the only real predator of the tarantula hawk .

The nest of roadrunner is made up of mainly sticks and sometimes leaves, and snake skin. A nest usually contains 2-6 eggs which are white colored. Roadrunners have bi-parental care. Both parents take care of the nest and feed the hatchlings, but males take care of the nest at night and females at day. For the first 1 to 2 weeks after the young hatch, one parent always remains at the nest. After the hatchlings are 2 to 3 weeks old they leave and never return to the nest.

Pebmarsh

Pebmarsh is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 479 people living in Pebmarsh.

Liston

Liston is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001, there were 46 people living in Liston.

Borley

Borley is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 99 people living in Borley.

Great Yeldham

Great Yeldham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1715 people living in Great Yeldham.

White Notley

White Notley is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 500 people living in White Notley.

Colne Engaine

Colne Engaine is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001, there were 979 people living in Colne Engaine.

Stisted

Stisted is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 617 people living in Stisted.

Helions Bumpstead

Helions Bumpstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 473 people living in Helions Bumpstead.

Ridgewell

Ridgewell is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 503 people living in Ridgewell.

Belchamp Walter

Belchamp Walter is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 198 people living in Belchamp Walter.

Alphamstone

Alphamstone is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 177 people living in Alphamstone.

White Colne

White Colne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 480 people living in White Colne.

Ashen

Ashen is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 315 people living in Ashen.

Castle Hedingham

Castle Hedingham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1142 people living in Castle Hedingham.

Sible Hedingham

Sible Hedingham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3665 people living in Sible Hedingham.

Great Henny

Great Henny is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 126 people living in Great Henny.

Bardfield Saling

Bardfield Saling is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 179 people living in Bardfield Saling.

Black Notley

Black Notley is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1646 people living in Black Notley.

Gestingthorpe

Gestingthorpe is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 421 people living in Gestingthorpe.

Little Yeldham

Little Yeldham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 326 people living in Little Yeldham.

Faulkbourne

Faulkbourne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 101 people living in Faulkbourne.

Belchamp St. Paul

Belchamp St. Paul is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 331 people living in Belchamp St. Paul.

Birdbrook

Birdbrook is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 369 people living in Birdbrook.

Bradwell

Bradwell is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 512 people living in Bradwell.

Cressing

Cressing is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1538 people living in Cressing.

Fairstead

Fairstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 206 people living in Fairstead.

Great Saling

Great Saling is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 261 people living in Great Saling.

Little Maplestead

Little Maplestead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 294 people living in Little Maplestead.

Middleton, Essex

Middleton is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 128 people living in Middleton.

Ovington

Ovington is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 54 people living in Ovington.

Pentlow

Pentlow is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 228 people living in Pentlow.

Rivenhall

Rivenhall is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 732 people living in Rivenhall.

Stambourne

Stambourne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 401 people living in Stambourne.

Sturmer

Sturmer is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 464 people living in Sturmer.

Terling

Terling is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 774 people living in Terling.

Southminster

Southminster is a town and civil parish in Maldon district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4021 people living in Southminster.

Tollesbury

Tollesbury is a village and civil parish in Maldon district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2680 people living in Tollesbury.

Tolleshunt Major

Tolleshunt Major is a village and civil parish in Maldon district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 631 people living in Tolleshunt Major.

German order of precedence

The German order of precedence is a hierarchy of the government officials in the Government of Germany. It is not official, but it is used.


Source: Order of precedence Website of the Federal Ministry of the Interior

Bow echo

Bow echo is a term for mesoscale convective system which is shaped like an archer's bow when shown on radar. Bow echoes are severe thunderstorms which carry straight line winds and are capable of creating extensive damage around the area affected. The term "bow echo" was first used right around 1978. Such storms often last around two to five hours.

BioWare

BioWare is a Canadian video game developer company that was started in 1995. The headquarters for BioWare is in Edmonton, Alberta. It was started by medical doctors Ray Muzyka, Greg Zeschuk, and Augustine Yip. The company currently has six studios: BioWare Edmonton, BioWare Montreal, BioWare Mythic, BioWare Austin, BioWare San Francisco, and BioWare Ireland. They were acquired by the American company Electronic Arts in 2008. They developed their first game "Shattered Steel" in 1996. The company is probably best known for the "Mass Effect" and "Dragon Age" video game series.




Gandhinagar

Gandhinagar is the capital city of Gujarat state in India. It is from the city of Ahmedabad and 464 km from Mumbai. In the year 1960, the Bombay state of India was divided into two states - Maharashtra and Gujarat. Bombay (now called Mumbai) became the capital city of Maharashtra. For Gujarat, new capital was needed. Gandhinagar was then made the capital of Gujarat. 

The famous Akshardham temple is in this city. This temple was attacked by two terrorist in the year 2002.

The city is divided into 30 sectors and Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation manages the civic infrastructure and administration of the city.

Ilyophis

Ilyophis is a genus of eels in the cutthroat eel family Synaphobranchidae.

It currently contains the following species:

Histiobranchus

Histiobranchus is a genus of eels in the family Synaphobranchidae. It currently contains the following species:

Gaza superba

Gaza superba is a species of deep sea sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.

The shell is 2,5 to 4 cm. in width and present a spire somewhat elavated. Apex open in adult. Umbilicus about 75% covered by callus. The color of the shelll is old ivory a Golden sheen. The early whorls faintly wine colored. The operculum is circular and yellow to brown colors

Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico.

Muddy sand bottom; from 380 to 925 m depth, mostly around 600 m depth.


Plekocheilus distortus

Plekocheilus distortus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.
This species occurs in:


Nagpur

Nagpur is a city in state of Maharashtra in India. It is in the centre of India. In the Marathi language, "nag" means snake and "pur" means city. The city is called Nagpur because of the "Nag" river in this city which flows like a snake. It is the winter capital of Maharashtra. After Mumbai and Pune, Nagpur is the third largest city in Maharashtra. It is a very clean city. It was selected as the second greenest city of India.

Many oranges are grown in this city, so it is also called "Orange City".

Exeter St Davids railway station

Exeter St Davids railway station is the main train station in Exeter, England.

It is the second busiest station in Devon, with around 200,000 fewer customers each year than Plymouth. Passenger numbers increased by 30% between April 2002 and April 2007..

The station opened on 1 May 1844.

There are two ways from St Davids to London. The main line is the First Great Western service by the Bristol to Exeter line to Paddington station, but there is also a train by South Western Railway on the West of England Main Line to Waterloo. The station is one of the few that have trains to London going in other ways at both ends of the station. There are also trains by CrossCountry to Birmingham New Street, the North of England and Scotland.

Swindon railway station

Swindon railway station is a train station in Swindon, Wiltshire, South West England. It was opened on 17 December 1840 by the Great Western Railway.

The station has services between London and Bristol. There are also trains to Cardiff.

A new platform, platform 4 opened in 2003.

In December 2005 people were told that stations in the Thames Valley area were to be made better. 

On 1 March 2011, Philip Hammond MP, (the UK Government's Secretary of State for Transport) said that he had made plans for making the Great Western main line electric from Didcot to Swindon, and and Cardiff, through Bath Spa and Chippenham. The Department's reading said that new electric trains would be made by Hitatchi. The electrification had first been told by the last Labour Government's Transport Secretary, Lord Andrew Adonis..

Établissement public à caractère administratif

In France, an Établissement public à caractère administratif (EPA, in English French administrative public body) is a public legal person with an administrative and financial autonomy, for a mission of general interest and non industrial commercial, placed under the control of the State or a local authority.


Aida Turturro

Aida Turturro (September 25 1962) is an American television actress. She is best known as Janice in the HBO series "The Sopranos".

Turturro is the first national spokesperson for rheumatoid arthritis in the United States. 

Acanthopleura

Acanthopleura is a genus of chitons in the family Chitonidae. In this genus the girdle is spiny or spiky. It has eight described species at present.

According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), species in the genus "Acanthopleura" include


Acanthopleura granulata

Acanthopleura granulata, the West Indian fuzzy chiton, is a medium-sized tropical species.

It is common in the tropical western Atlantic. It is often not noticed: its color and texture are similar to the rocks on which it lives.

In the West Indies, these and other common intertidal chitons are known as "curb". The foot of the animal is eaten by people and is also used as bait for fishing.

This chiton occurs from southern Florida to Mexico, south to Panama, and in the West Indies.

Paul Rohrbach

Paul Rohrbach (29 June 1869 – 19 July 1956) was a German writer. He mostly wrote about "world politics." He was born at Irgen, Courland, Latvia. Between 1887 and 1896 he attended the universities of Dorpat, Berlin, and Strasbourg. 

He traveled very much in Asia (especially China) and Africa. From 1903-06 he was Royal Commissioner to southwest Africa. His writings include many books on political conditions in the countries he visited.


This article has text from a publication now in the public domain: Gilman, D. C.; Thurston, H. T.; Moore, F., eds. (1905). New International Encyclopedia (1st ed.). New York: Dodd, Mead.

Jack-o'-lantern (disambiguation)

A jack-o'-lantern is a carved pumpkin.

The name also may mean:

List of feminists

This is a list of important participants in the development of feminism.








North Star (disambiguation)

North Star is the prominent star that is closest in the sky to the north celestial pole. It appears just about directly overhead to an observer at the Earth's North Pole.

North Star may also be:

In Australia:

In Canada:

In the United States:








List of cities in Kentucky

There are 419 cities in the U.S. State of Kentucky. 


National Day Parade

The Singapore National Day Parade (Abbreviation: NDP) is a national ceremony in Singapore. It includes a parade on Singapore's National Day on August 9 to celebrate Singapore's independence. It is usually held at the Padang (1966 - 1974), the National Stadium, or The Float@Marina Bay. 

Singapore celebrated its first National Day in 1966. This was one year after Singapore's independence from Malaysia on 9 August 1965.



Job for a Cowboy

Job for a Cowboy is an American death metal band from Glendale, Arizona. Job for a Cowboy has five members in the band; the current band members are Jonny Davy, Al Glassman, Chad Cortez, Tony Sannicandro and Nick Schendzielos.

The band was formed in 2003. The band first posted their songs and gained popularity on the social networking website MySpace. They released their debut album ""Genesis"" on May 15, 2007. They are currently signed to Metal Blade Records. They released their third studio album ""Demonocracy"" on April 10, 2012.



As of 2012, Job for a Cowboy had released 3 albums:


Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station

It is the busiest railway station in India. There are always a lot of people at the station. Short-distance trains and long-distance trains come to this station.


Sikandar Hayat Khan (Azad Kashmir politician)

Sardar Sikandar Hayat Khan was born into a famous political family of Kashmir. He was the son of Sardar Fateh Muhammad Khan Karela vi. Sardar Sikandar Hayat Khan graduated from Gordon College (Rawalpindi) in 1956. He then went to the University Law College in Lahore for a law degree in 1958.

He returned to Kotli to start a law practice. He joined the All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference. He also successfully ran for membership of the local council. He had this position for eight years. During this period he was also elected as President of Bar Association, Kotli. In 1970, he was elected to the Azad Jammu & Kashmir Legislative Assembly.

He has been returned to office from his constituency in every election held in Azad Kashmir between 1970 and 2001, barring the years when he was President of Azad Kashmir. His brother Sardar Muhammad Naeem Khan served as a member from that area during that period.

He was acting President of the Jammu & Kashmir Muslim Conference in the 1976-78 period. He was elected President in 1978, a position he held until 1988.

In 1985, he was elected Prime Minister of Azad Jammu & Kashmir. He kept that office for the next five years. He was leader of the opposition in the Assembly during the next two years. Then he was elected President of Azad Jammu & Kashmir for a five-year term in 1991.

He was sworn in as Prime Minister of Azad Jammu & Kashmir on July 25, 2001 for the second time. He retired from active politics in July 2006 after completing his second term.

Khan died in Poonch, Jammu and Kashmir from heart disease on 9 October 2021, aged 87.


List of Asian pornographic actors

This is a list of Asian pornographic actors, sorted by first name.















Inuyama, Aichi

In 2010, the city had a population of 75,449. The total area is 74.97 km². The city is along the edge of Aichi Prefecture. It is separated from neighbouring Gifu Prefecture by the Kiso River. It was founded on 1 April 1954.

There are a number of famous attractions in and around the city. The most famous attraction is Inuyama Castle on a 40m rise overlooking the Kiso river. This Japanese castle is also known as Hakutei-jō (White Emperor Castle). It was named by the Confucian scholar Ogyū Sorai during the Edo period. It is a four-story structure with two underground levels, although it has only three roofs. The castle was made a Japanese national treasure in 1935 and again in 1952. It the oldest original wooden castle in Japan.
Another famous attraction is the Urakuen tea garden used for tea ceremonies. This garden has the Joan tea house, built in 1618. The Joan tea house was originally built in Kyoto. It was moved to its current location in 1972. The building is one of the finest examples of tea house architecture.

The Kiso river also has some very beautiful rapids upstream of the castle. These rapids and the rock formations are called the Nihon Rhine after the Rhine river in Germany. Boat tours are available. Cormorant fishing on the Kiso river is also done, although nowadays almost only for tourists.

Near Inuyama is the Meiji Mura. This is an open-air architectural museum for keeping and showing structures of the Meiji (1867–1912) and Taishō (1913–1926) eras. As of 2005, 67 historical buildings are kept on an area of 1,000,000 m. The most famous one is the main entrance and lobby of Tokyo's old Imperial Hotel. It was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1923.

There is also the Japan Monkey park, with different species of monkeys and other entertainment.

Inuyama is the site of the Primate Research Institute of Kyoto University, one of the world's foremost centres for research in non-human primate biology and behaviour.


Bristol Parkway railway station

Bristol Parkway railway station is a train station in Stoke Gifford, near Bristol, England

The station has trains by First Great Western to Paddington, Cardiff, Weston-super-Mare, Swindon, Bristol Temple Meads and a limited services to Chippenham. It also has trains by CrossCountry to Temple Meads, Manchester Picadilly, with longer services to and from South West England. There are also trains to Plymouth and Edinburgh, as well as trains to and from Glasgow Central or in the north and Penzance in the south.

Parkway had a new third platform (Platform 4) put in, in 2007, to give a new platform for trains going to London and Birmingham and to make trains better between London and south Wales. A new fourth platform was opened in April 2018.

Tilbury Juxta Clare

Tilbury Juxta Clare is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 140 people living in Tilbury Juxta Clare.

Twinstead

Twinstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 165 people living in Twinstead.

Wethersfield

Wethersfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1232 people living in Wethersfield.

Wickham St. Paul

Wickham St. Paul is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 330 people living in Wickham St. Paul.

High Laver

High Laver is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 401 people living in High Laver.

Magdalen Laver

Magdalen Laver is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 246 people living in Magdalen Laver.

Moreton

Moreton is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 366 people living in Moreton.

Nazeing

Nazeing is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4675 people living in Nazeing.

Roydon

Roydon is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2771 people living in Roydon.

Little Laver

Little Laver is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 90 people living in Little Laver.

Theydon Garnon

Theydon Garnon is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 130 people living in Theydon Garnon. 

The name Theydon Garnon comes from the family of Gernon. 'Theydon Garnon: Introduction', A History of the County of Essex: Volume 4: Ongar Hundred (1956), pp. 258-262. URL: http://www.british-history.ac.uk/report.aspx?compid=15703 Date accessed: 25 December 2012. Theydon Garnon was listed in the Domesday Book as "Taindena" / "Teidana", along with Theydon Bois and Theydon Mount.


Theydon Mount

Theydon Mount is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 163 people living in Theydon Mount.

Layer Marney

Layer Marney is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 206 people living in Layer Marney.

Sporting Clube de Goa

Sporting Clube de Goa are an Indian football club based in the state of Goa. 

Sporting Clube de Goa is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

The club known as "Cidade de Goa" until the late 1990s. Changes were made which were modeled after Sporting Clube de Portugal.
Sporting Clube de Goa was established in 1999.

In the 2003-2004 season, Sporting Clube was promoted to the Indian National Football League 1st Division. The Goan club had it's best run in this season when the team finished second to Dempo S.C..

The team became part of the I-League in the 2007-2008 season.




My Family

My Family was a British television sitcom. It was shown on BBC One from 19 September 2000 until 11 September 2011. It was created by Fred Barron and is set in Chiswick, west London. It stars Robert Lindsay as dentist Ben Harper and Zoe Wanamaker as Susan Harper. They are a middle-aged, middle-class married couple who have three children. They elder son is Nick (played by Kris Marshall), who is stupid, cheerful and has no direction in life. The daughter is Janey (played by Daniela Denby-Ashe), who is attractive, has many boyfriends and becomes a single mother. The younger son is Michael (played by Gabriel Thomson), who is very intelligent and comes out as gay.

Conus beatrix

Conus beatrix is a species of sea snail. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae (the cone snails and their allies).

Like all species within the genus "Conus", these snails are predatory and poisonous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, so live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.

It is feared by most other aquatic snails, because few other species have the ability to sting. 

Conus beatrix lives only in the seas of the Philippines.


Calocochlea pan

Calocochlea pan is a species of large air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is very common in the Philippines. The shell is between 41 and 47 millimeters long with brown spiral bands and a cream-colored background.


Ashok Singh

Ashok Singh (born 1 March 1989) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player.

Singh's professional career has been with Sporting Clube de Goa.

Adil Ahmed Khan

Adil Ahmad Khan (born July 7, 1988) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player. He has played for the Indian national team.

Khan has been a part of the Sporting Clube de Goa since 2007.

Khan played for India against Azerbaijan in 2012.

India

Political families of Pakistan

This is a partial listing of prominent political families of Pakistan.

Royal families are not included.

(Member National Assembly of Pakistan)
(Member National Assembly of Pakistan)
(Member Provisional Assembly of Punjab)
(Member Senate of Pakistan)
(Member Provisional Assembly of Punjab)
(Member Provisional Assembly of Punjab)
(Member National Assembly of Pakistan)
(Former Member National Assembly of Pakistan)

The members of Bhutto family () in politics:










The members of Junejo family () in politics:


The members of Badshah Khan's family () in politics:




The members of Zia-ul-Haq's family () in politics:


Members of Noon family:


The members of Leghari family (), in politics:


Members of Qazi family (), of Sindh in politics:

The members of Zardari family (), in politics:


1928 Okeechobee hurricane

The 1928 Okeechobee hurricane, also called the San Felipe hurricane, was a very bad tropical cyclone. Almost 4,100 people died in the northeast Caribbean, Puerto Rico and southeast Florida to North Carolina. This hurricane had wind close to Category 5 level when it hit Puerto Rico, when it was also a large hurricane. Over 2,500 people died in the United States, making the storm one of the deadliest natural disasters in U.S. history at that time. It struck Florida at Category 4 levels.

The hurricane hit the coast in Palm Beach County, Florida and damaged many buildings. But then it went inland. It caused the waters of Lake Okeechobee to rise ten feet. The lake flooded 75 miles of Florida. Because people were not prepared for the flood, many died. Dead bodies lay in the hot Florida sun for days. Sometimes whole families were killed, so no one was left to identify the bodies.

After the hurricane, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers built a large dike near Lake Okechobee to stop future floods.


National Anthem of Chile

"How Pure, Chile, is Your Blue Sky" is the national anthem of Chile. First adopted in 1828, the national anthem originally did not have any words in it. The melody of the song was composed by Ramón Carnicer. Later, the Chilean government wanted words for the song, so eventually, a poet by the name of Eusibio Lillo wrote the lyrics to the national anthem in September 1847.

After Chile won its independence from Spain, the Chilean government demanded that there be a national anthem with lyrics (words) and music. The first version of "Canción Nacional" was written by Eusebio Lillo in 1819, and Ramón Carnicer composed the music a year later. While Carnicer was exiled in England, he composed the second (and current) version until he returned to Barcelona, Spain in 1827. A year later, Carnicer's new anthem premiered in Santiago, Chile. Then in 1847, Eusebio Lillo wrote the new lyrics, which was then revised (changed for the better) in 1909.



George Cukor

George Dewey Cukor (July 7, 1899 – January 24, 1983) was an American movie director. He made many comedy movies and movies based on books. Cukor directed several of RKO's most important movies such as "Little Women" (1933). At MGM he directed "Dinner at Eight" (1933), "David Copperfield" (1935) "Romeo and Juliet" (1936) and "Camille" (1936). He went on to direct "The Philadelphia Story" (1940), "Adam's Rib" (1949), "Born Yesterday" (1950), "A Star Is Born" (1954) and "My Fair Lady" (1964). He continued to work into the 1980s. He was born in New York City and died in Los Angeles, California.

David Copperfield (1935 movie)

David Copperfield is a 1935 black and white movie directed by George Cukor. The movie was based on the 1850 book of the same name by Charles Dickens. The movie was a great success. It was nominated for the Best Picture Academy Award.


Little Women (1933 movie)

Little Women is a 1933 black and white American RKO movie directed by George Cukor. The movie was based on a book of the same name by Louisa May Alcott. The movie stars Katharine Hepburn as Jo, Joan Bennett as Amy, Jean Parker as Beth, Frances Dee as Meg, Edna May Oliver as Aunt March, Spring Byington as Marmee, Paul Lukas as Professor Bhaer, Henry Stephenson as Mr. Laurence, and Douglass Montgomery as the boy-next-door Laurie. The movie is about the lives of four sisters in a nineteenth century Massachusetts village during the American Civil War. The movie was a success and was nominated for (but lost) the Best Picture Academy Award.

The movie's budget was $1 million. Four thousand people worked on the movie for a year. A lot of research was done to make all the 3,000 costumes and props look like they came from the Civil War period. The set decorator modeled the inside of the March home after Louisa May Alcott's Massachusetts house. The movie opened on November 16, 1933 at Radio City Music Hall. It broke attendance records there and earned over $100,000 during its first week of showings. Louise Closser Hale was going to play Aunt March, but she died on July 26, 1933. Edna May Oliver took the role.

David O. Selznick went back to RKO from MGM to produce the movie. He was given no credit. This was the last movie in his contract with the studio. Katharine Hepburn asked costume designer Walter Plunkett to make a special dress for her character. This dress was based on one worn by her grandmother in an old photograph (a tintype) Hepburn owned. Plunkett also had to redesign many of Joan Bennett's costumes because she was going to have a baby.

Public holidays in Pakistan

This is a list of public holidays in Pakistan.

In addition to the holidays now no longer national holidays, several are observed as national days without a holiday:


Kashmir (disambiguation)

Kashmir mainly refers to the northwestern region of the Indian subcontinent shared by India, Pakistan, and China.

It may also be:



Letícia Sabatella

Letícia Sabatella (born March 8, 1971 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian actress. 

Letícia was two years old when her family moved Itajubá (MG) to the mining town of Conceição das Alagoas. Her father was an engineer at the Big Bend Power Plant. She said she learned to appreciate nature in this place full of greenery and people of different nationalities. 

Eliane Giardini

Eliane Teresinha Giardini (born October 20, 1952 in Sorocaba) is a Brazilian actress.

Although she didn't achieve much fame until her 40th birthday, she is now considered one of the best and most beautiful Brazilian actresses. Formerly married to actor Paulo Betti, she is the mother of two girls, Juliana and Mariana Betti, both actresses themselves.


Beren Saat

Beren Saat (born 26 February 1984) is a Turkish actress.

Saat went to Başkent University to study Business Administration. While at university, she was in the TV competition "Türkiye’nin Yıldızları " where she finished runner up. 

After being in a series of candy commercials, Saat made her television debut in "Aşkımızda Ölüm Var". She played Ece Uslu's sister. In 2004, she acted in "Aşkımızda Ölüm Var" and in 2005, she had her first lead role in "Aşka Sürgün". Then she played Yasemin Ünsal in Tomris Giritlioğlu's " Hatırla Sevgili". This show gave her nationwide fame.

In 2008, she again worked with Giritlioğlu in the movie "Güz Sancısı" (Pains of Autumn). The same year Saat played Bihter Yöreoğlu (Samar) in an adaptation of Halit Ziya Uşaklıgil's classic novel "Aşk-ı Memnu" set in the modern day. She won consecutive Golden Butterfly Awards for Best Actress for her performance. Saat was the lead in director Serdar Akar's movie "Gecenin Kanatları" (Wings of the Night) released in December 2009. In 2010-2012, she acted in an adaptation of author Vedat Türkali's story "Fatmagülün suçu ne?"


Okan Yalabık

Okan Yalabık (born 13 December 1978 in Bigadiç, Balıkesir) is a Turkish actor. 

Yalabık attended İstanbul University State Conservatory, Department of Performing Arts. There he was educated by professionals, one of which was Yıldız Kenter. He started his professional career in television serials in 2000. In 2011 he was granted the best actor award for Muhteşem Yüzyıl. In 2011 he also received the best co-starring actor award for his role in Hunting Season.


Blue-tongued skink

"Blue tongue lizard redirects here."

Blue-tongued skinks make up the Australasian genus, Tiliqua, which has some of the largest members of the skink family (Scincidae). They are also called blue-tongued lizards or simply blue-tongues, shinglebacks or the sleepy lizard in Australia. The main feature of the genus is a large blue tongue that can be used to scare away enemies.

Blue-tongued skinks are closely related to the genera "Cyclodomorphus" and "Hemisphaeriodon". All species are found on mainland Australia except "Tiliqua gigas" which lives in New Guinea and various islands of Indonesia. One subspecies of "Tiliqua scincoides" is also found on several small Indonesian islands between Australia and New Guinea. "Tiliqua nigrolutea" is the only species in Tasmania. With the exception of the pygmy blue-tongue, they are large lizards which can grow up to 45 cm total length. They are light-bodied, short-limbed, broad with a distinct head and dull teeth.

Most species are diurnal ground-foraging omnivores, feeding on insects, gastropods, flowers, fruits and berries. The pygmy blue-tongue however mainly eats arthropods. The skinks give birth to live young. The litter sizes ranging from 1–4 in the pygmy blue-tongue and shingleback to 5–24 in the eastern and northern blue-tongues.




Felis

Felis is a genus of small cats in the family Felidae. They include the familiar domestic cat and its closest wild relatives. The wild species are found in Europe, southern and central Asia, and Africa. The domestic cat, which may have its origin in North Africa, is now worldwide.

Members of the genus "Felis" are all small felines, rather similar to the domestic cat. The smallest species is the sand cat, which may be less than in length, while the largest is the jungle cat, which can reach . They live in many habitats: forests, grassland, swampland and deserts. They mostly feed on small rodents, supplementing their diet with birds and other small animals, depending on their local environment.

Genetic studies indicate that the genus "Felis" first evolved around eight to ten million years ago, probably in the Mediterranean region.

The genus "Felis" is currently considered to consist of six living species, although the domestic cat and Chinese mountain cat are sometimes considered subspecies of "F. silvestris". 


Small cats are those smaller than the cheetah. These are small cats classified under other genera than "Felis":

Aquatic plant

An aquatic plant is a plant that has adapted to live in the water. This can be either freshwater, such as in rivers and lakes, saltwater as in the sea, or brackish water, as in the estuary of a river. 

Some aquatic plants are partly submerged. Others are totally submerged. Common adaptations include leaves that float on the water, and special tissue that allows to transport air and other gases inside the plant.Some plants from the water can be adapted in land. 

Aquatic plants require special adaptation for living in submerged water or at the water's surface. 

Hydrophytes are the plants which live completely or partially submerged in fresh water. Such plants do not face the problem of water shortage. They have developed mechanisms for the removal of extra water from their cells. Hydrophytes have broad leaves with a large number of stomata on their upper surfaces. This characteristic helps them to remove extra amount of water. The most common example of such plants is Water Lily.

Susan Smith

Susan Leigh Vaughan Smith (born September 26, 1971) is an American murderess. She was born in Union, South Carolina, and was a former student of the University of South Carolina Union. She was sentenced to life in prison on July 22, 1995 for killing her two sons on October 25, 1994. 

The sons were 3-year-old Michael Daniel Smith, born October 10, 1991, and 14-month-old Alexander Tyler Smith, born August 5, 1993. At the time of the murders, Smith was estranged from her husband and had a boyfriend who did not want children in his life. She believed that by killing her children, her boyfriend would want a long-term relationship with her. 

The case gained worldwide attention after it was broadcast live. Smith told police that an African American man carjacked, and kidnapped her sons. Several weeks later, she confessed that she drove her car into a nearby lake. She got out of the car, and watched her sons drown inside the car. Smith later said that she suffered from mental illnesses, which made her kill her sons.

Smith's defense psychiatrist diagnosed her with dependent personality disorder and depression.

According to the South Carolina Department of Corrections, Smith will be eligible for parole on November 4, 2024, after serving at least of thirty years. She is currently at South Carolina's Leath Correctional Institution, near Greenwood. 

In 2010, "Deadly Women" told the story of what happened that night, focusing on Smith's case and other parents that have killed their children.




Filicide

Filicide is the act of a parent killing his or her son or daughter. The word "filicide" comes from the Latin words "filius" meaning "son" or "filia" meaning "daughter" and the suffix "-cide" meaning "to kill, murder or cause death".

Famous cases of filicides include Peter the Great, who had his son Alexei tortured and killed; Wu Zetian, who is said to have killed her own daughter to frame her lover's wife; and Susan Smith, who murdered her two sons.


Murder of Linda Andersen

Linda Andersen was murdered by her two teenage daughters, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen, on January 18, 2003 in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. The names in this article are aliases, for legal reasons.

Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen were each sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2005. Neither sister served their full-time prison sentence: Sandra Andersen was released to a halfway house in 2009 and Elizabeth Andersen was released in 2010. Since they were under-aged at the time of the murder, the Canadian government is protecting the sisters' true identities and has issued the Andersen sisters with aliases. Linda Andersen's murder case was broadcast on the television series "Deadly Women" in 2010, and was the subject of Bob Mitchell's book 'The Class Project: How to Kill a Mother: The True Story of Canada's Infamous Bathtub Girls'. In 2014, a crime drama, Perfect Sisters, was released, which was additionally based on the murder of Linda Andersen.

According to police reports, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen, aged 16 and 15 respectively, had become irritated of their mother "wasting. money on alcohol". Linda also had abusive relationships with men which also caused unrest for the girls. They were also unhappy that their friends had "better things like swimming pools and clothes". Because of their discontent, the sisters began to search on the Internet for ways to kill their mother. Elizabeth and Sandra Andersen believed that by killing their mother, they would be entitled to insurance money. This compensation, the sisters resolved, would be spent on a trip to Europe with their friends as well as a large house, with a backyard filled with marijuana. The sisters decided to drown Linda Andersen, because they believed it would be "fast and spectacular". 

After formulating a murder plan, Elizabeth and Sandra Andersen informed their friends, who both encouraged the sisters and laughed at the idea of murdering Linda Andersen.

During lunch time on January 18 2003, Sandra and Elizabeth began giving their mother liquor in order to get her drunk. Their plan was to make Linda fully inebriated so that she could not resist their attack. Linda was also given pain killers by her daughters, to slow down her heartbeat. Sandra and Elizabeth then waited for the drugs to work. While waiting, the sisters communicated with their friends online, one of whom ended their conversation with the phrase "well good luck - wear gloves".

Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen filled the family bathtub with water and took Linda Andersen to the bathroom. Linda had difficulty getting into the bathtub, because of the mixture of vodka and pills she had been given. After putting gloves on, Sandra and Elizabeth gave their mother a massage. Within minutes, according to police reports, Sandra Andersen instructed her mother to lay on her stomach so that she could scrub her back. Sandra Andersen instantly pulled her mother's head down and did not let go. After four minutes, Sandra Andersen released her mother's head and found Linda Andersen to be dead. After having killed their mother, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen went with their friends to a nearby restaurant where they celebrated their victory. Later that night, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen called 9-1-1 and informed them that they had found their mother laying in the bathtub. 

The 9-1-1 operator told Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen to take their mother out of the bathtub and to perform CPR. The Andersen sisters cried over the phone, telling the operator that Linda Andersen could not be resuscitated. When police arrived, they believed Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen's story.

A year after the murder, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen held a party. Sandra, who was drunk, told a male at the party about the murder of Linda Andersen that both she and Elizabeth had committed. She then told a guy that liked her that her mothers death might have not been an accident. He felt suspicious which later led him to the police to report what he was told. Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen were subsequently arrested, tried and sentenced to 10 years in prison. They were released in 2009 and 2010 respectively. 

The older sister, Sandra Andersen, was released to a halfway house in 2009, whilst the younger sister, Elizabeth Andersen, was released a year later. The girls' father unsuccessfully attempted to have Elizabeth Andersen released earlier so that she could complete her sentence under house arrest in their hometown. Since both Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen were under the age of 18 at the time of the murder, their identities have been protected under Canadian law. After release, Sandra Andersen was accepted to the University of Waterloo with a $2000 scholarship; Elizabeth Andersen traveled to Ottawa with the intention of applying to university. 


Théophile de Donder

Théophile Ernest de Donder (1872–1957) was a Belgian mathematician and physicist. He was famous for work in making connections between the concepts of chemical affinity and free energy. He is said to have been the first to address the thermodynamics of irreversible processes. De Donder’s work was later developed further by Ilya Prigogine. De Donder was an associate and friend of Albert Einstein.

List of Arsenal F.C. players

The List of Arsenal F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Arsenal F.C. is an English Premier League club in Holloway, North London. 

The "100 Club" is an honour given by Arsenal. It is to formally recognise retired players with over 100 league appearances. As of September 2016, 75 living players have been inducted with a further 26 automatically enrolled once they end their careers.

David O'Leary has played the most games. Between 1975 and 1993, he played 722 times for the club. 

Thierry Henry has the goalscoring record. He scored 228 goals in all competitions between 1999 and 2007 and during a loan spell with the club in 2012. The previous record was held by Ian Wright.




Aragua River

Aragua River is in Libertador municipality of the state Aragua in Venezuela. It starts north of the city of La Victoria at the meeting of the San Carlos and Gabante. The mouth is located in lake of Valencia (10º 10' 38" N - 67º 36' 14" W). It is long. It goes through the towns of La Victoria, San Mateo, Cagua, La Encrucijada and Palo Negro.


List of SpongeBob SquarePants merchandise

This is a list of "SpongeBob SquarePants" merchandise, including home videos and DVDs, CDs, video games, and books.











Series 4

Gina Rinehart

Gina Rinehart (born 9 February 1954) is an Australian mining company owner and billionaire. She is among the world's richest women.

Georgina Hancock was born in Perth, Western Australia. She is the only child of Lang Hancock (1909-1992).

She is the head of Hancock Prospecting.

She inherited the company from her father.

Virginia Cruzon

Virginia Cruzon (May 25, 1921 - August 21, 2010) was an American actress and model. She began her career in show business, in the early 1940s, by doing "extra work" and "hand inserts" in movies. Cruzon worked as a "Glamour Lovely" at the Earl Carroll Theater in Hollywood. She was chosen as a “Goldwyn Girl” by MGM Studios. She was one of the "Twelve Featured Show Girls" in the movie "Ziegfeld Girl". Virginia appeared in the movies "Down to Earth" with Rita Hayworth and "Up in Arms" with Danny Kaye. Her last movie performance was in 1969, with Elvis Presley in the movie "Charro!". Virginia Cruzon died of natural causes, at the age of 89, at her home in Laramie, Wyoming.

Randstad

The Randstad is a conurbation in the western Netherlands. It covers the provinces of North Holland, South Holland, Flevoland and Utrecht. Big cities in the Randstad are Amsterdam, Haarlem, Leiden, Den Haag, Delft, Rotterdam, Dordrecht, Gouda, Utrecht, Hilversum and Almere. The term Randstad was first used by Albert Plesman, the founder of KLM. When he looked at it from the air, he saw that cities nearly form a circle. The Randstad covers about 20% of the area of the Netherlands. More than 40% of the population of the Netherlands live there. The cities in the Randstad are between (Den Haag - Rotterdam) and (Amsterdam - Rotterdam) apart. In the center is an area known as Groene Hart. Relatively few people live there.

Emergency communication system

An Emergency communication system (ECS) is any type of system (often using computers) that lets people or groups communicate during emergencies. These systems often include many different types of technology (such as telephones and televisions), which all work together to help communicate important messages during emergencies.

An emergency "notification" system can send messages in just one direction (from the sender to the person or group that receives the message). Text message services like Twitter, automatic telephone services like "Reverse 911," and the common town siren systems that are used to warn people about tornadoes and other problems, are all examples of emergency notification systems.

Emergency Communication Systems often include notification abilities but will also include two-way communications, so people and groups can talk back and forth to each other.

Another meaning about the phrase, "Emergency Communication Systems" might be that the sender can give more information about an emergency. It can also mean that the sender can tell people what do to because of the emergency. The phrase "Emergency Notification System" might mean that the sender can only tell people or groups about the emergency, maybe without many details, too.

There can be many different words and phrases that different people use, instead of "emergency communication system," but most times, they are talking about the same idea. For example, the phrases “emergency communications” and “emergency telecommunications” may talk about the same thing.

Emergencies can make communications difficult. Communicating during emergencies can be very different than communicating during normal times. When emergencies happen, many things about the situation can change suddenly. Because of that, an emergency communication system should be able to do many special things. Often, popular communication tools (for example, Email) are not fast enough or they can not be used in every place. Every emergency situation can be very different and difficult to predict, so a good emergency communication system must be able to work for every situation.



An emergency, according to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, is a surprising event or group of events that needs very quick actions. Because of that, it should be very important that any communication about an emergency be well-timed and quick, so things will not be damaged or people killed. For example, during the Virginia Tech massacre, about two hours had passed before the first communication (an email) was sent to workers and students; and by that time, the person who was using the gun had already went into a building where he was going to begin his attack. In that case, it was not until about twenty minutes after the violence began, that a loudspeaker announcement was made for people to hide. In many situations, it's likely clear that just seconds and minutes are the most important for communicating during emergencies.

During an emergency, users need to quickly and easily send their messages; and they need to be able to do it so that they are sure it succeeds and with a secure and easy to use interface that can be used from any location. An emergency communication system that can be used by normal people will be successfully used and managed. During emergencies, which can sometimes cause people to die, campus managers must be able to react to the emergency and start the alert system quickly. But sending emergency warnings is probably one of the most uncommon and unfamiliar things to do. So, it's most important that a system be easy to use.

But, even though a good emergency communication system must be easy to use, its technology should be very advanced and complex. It should be advanced because that is needed in order to make sure many different things can work together, to create and send emergency communications in many possible ways. The important thing, though, is that an advanced system should still be easy for someone to use for both emergency and normal communications. The ability to use a system for normal communications is also important so the operator (who paid for the system) can get the most value. It is also important so that people can be familiar enough with the system that they can use it during a stressful emergency situation.

In general, the lower the cost of buying, installing, and maintaining an emergency communication systems is, the more popular such systems may become in society; and the more common these systems are, the more likely it is that these systems will be available to help during emergencies in more locations. More important than just helping with emergency response, modern mass-notification systems have become a valuable thing to have for everyday, non-emergency communications. Being able to use an emergency communication system for both kinds of communications lets the owner of the system get the most value.

An obvious need for any modern emergency communication system is that, instead of just giving warnings, it must also be able to give clear instructions about what to do because of the emergency. The Rehabilitation Engineering Research Center for Wireless Technologies found that, no matter what type of warning was first sent, another second type of warning was needed before people would trust the warning and do something because of it. A system that is able to give warnings in many different ways may save lives and stop an emergency from being too terrible.

Emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same message at the same time. For example, in an armed hostage-taking emergency, the people inside a building may need to get instructions to lock the door, while police and other people may need to be aware that all of the doors could be locked and other information, so they can decide what to do.

Using that, some of the more modern emergency communication systems such as Siemens Sygnal or MessageNet Connections say that they can send a single message at one time that gives full details to first responders while customizing that same message to give more simple instructions to lock doors to the people inside the building. By using a single message that divides the content between types of users, fewer messages have to be created and sent, which may also save time.

There should be multiple ways of sending emergency information so that if one does not work, the others might. Also, research shows that people will check more than one communication method before they take action. The public expects to be contacted in many different ways. Besides phone calls and emails, people also expect to be reached by text messaging, and fax. Also, the public may look to social media (for example Facebook and Twitter) as another way to receive messages and check for updates.

The Partnership for Public Warning states, “A single warning is frequently insufficient to move people to action, especially if it cannot be confirmed by direct observation. For most people the first warning received captures their attention and triggers a search for corroboration, but cannot be relied on to elicit the desired behavior. Scientific research supports the common-sense observation that people are disinclined to risk being fooled by a single alarm that might prove false or accidental. Effective warning requires the coordinated use of multiple channels of communication.” This basically means that when people get a first warning, they want to look for more information about the emergency before they do anything about it. By having many ways (which all work together) of sending a warning, people will be more likely to react to it in the best way.

To help many of these properties, an emergency communication system should be able to connect to and communicate with other related systems. The Partnership for Public Warning states that a basic problem is that many parts of existing warning systems do not work together. Because of that, whenever a warning is sent, it often takes a lot of time and effort.

Also, there are multiple ways that an emergency communication system might receive an original warning. One example of this might be a building’s fire control system sending a notice that a smoke detector has found smoke. An emergency communication system that was built the right way should be able to receive that notice and turn it into a message that the people in the building can understand and use to decide what to do in order to save lives and property. Another example might be of the National Weather Service sending a severe weather warning (for example, by using RSS). In this example, the emergency communication system should be able to turn that warning into a message and send it in a similar way as the smoke detector example, so people will know what to do.

The ability to Work together should also include old and new technology. Introducing a new system that cannot work with older existing equipment can cause problems.

An emergency communication system may be a product that is owned by the organization using it (for example, a paging network for a hospital), or it may be a service that is owned by a third-party (for example, a cellular carrier’s network). Each has good and bad properties; however, services have some major problems for emergency communications, even though many people think differently. Using SMS as one example, due to the way cellular networks are built, text messaging services would not be able to send a large number of communications in a short amount of time, making SMS service a poor emergency communication method.

Property-based ("on-premise") emergency communication systems are those which are mainly or completely in the same location or area as it serves, while off-property ("non-premise") based emergency communication systems are those which are in a different location or area. There are good and bad properties of each. Often, non-premise based systems are slower than systems that are premise-based, because the different locations need to be connected using data networks (for example, the Internet).

With the growth of populations and the change of technology, the ways that emergencies are communicated have also changed.

In America’s early years, common ways of communicating emergencies may have been mostly ringing church bells or people sending messages by riding horses. Later, as technology developed, the telegraph became an almost instant way of communicating. After that, radio communications, telephones and sirens became common. After the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor, by the Japanese in 1941, Civil Defense sirens became popular and were used in many military bases and towns across America. A weakness of these systems is that they were not really able to tell people what they should do.

Today, modern communication tools such as smartphones, flat-panel digital signage, GPS, and computer speech (among many others) are changing how people are notified about emergencies. With these more modern tools, there is an ability to provide more specific instructions; so that, instead of just notifying people about an emergency, it is now possible to give exact instructions on what to do because of the emergency. Also, those instructions may even be customized for those peoples' special situation and location. For example, smart-phones may have GPS that would allow a map to be shown of safe areas (and perhaps directions for getting there). Such a map might be different, depending on where the person is currently at. In a good system, all of these special warnings and instructions could be sent with just a single alert.



Nimravidae

The Nimravidae is an extinct family in the Carnivora. It is a type of cat-like mammal in the suborder Feliformia.
They lived in North America, Europe, and Asia from the Eocene through the Miocene epochs, 42–20 million years ago (mya). They lasted for about 22 million years.

Although some nimravids physically resembled the sabre-toothed cats of genus "Smilodon", they were not closely related, but evolved a similar form through parallel evolution.

The ancestors of nimravids and felids diverged from their common ancestor about 50 mya. Most had muscular, low-slung, catlike bodies, but with shorter legs and tails.

Some nimravids did evolve into large toothed cat-like forms with massive flattened upper canines and mandibular flanges. Others had teeth similar to modern cats, with smaller canines. Some had canines more intermediate relationship between the saber-toothed cats and felids. These differences must have reflected different methods of attacking their prey.

Not only did nimravids have varied tooth styles, but they also showed the same range of size size and shape as felids. Some were leopard-sized, others the size of today's lions and tigers, and one had the short face, rounded skull and smaller canines of the modern cheetah.

List of Montedio Yamagata players

The Montedio Yamagata is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Montedio Yamagata is a Japanese professional football club in Yamagata Prefecture.

There are 27 men on the 2012 team, including



Conic section

In geometry, when a cone and a plane intersect, a conic section results. 



There are three different types of sections, the parabola, the hyperbola and the ellipse. The circle is a special case of an ellipse. Sometimes the circle is mentioned as a fourth type, because calculating with a circle is easier than with an ellipse, most of the time.

The conic sections are known at least since 200 BC, when Apollonius of Perga (~262 BC to ~190 BC) studied of their properties. They came to more attention when mathematicians discovered that the solutions of the two-body problem were conic sections.

Puperita pupa

Puperita pupa is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae, the nerites.

Shell is globular, not presenting short spire, there are 2 to 3 turns, the outer lip is thin and sharp, columellar area is polished and has a broad wall fell. The mayor know specimens reach the 10.6 mm. Its coloration is characterized by axial bands black and white like a zebra, the opening is gray and ocher like parietal callus area and the operculum is bright yellow 

Puperita pupa is a gastropod mollusk widely distributed in the area of Caribbean Sea:
Cayman Islands, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica, Mexico, Venezuela Dominica.


Ivo Karlović

Ivo Karlović (born February 29, 1979) is a Croatian professional tennis player. Ivo became pro in 2000. He was born in Zagreb, Croatia. Ivo play tennis right hand, one hand backhand.



Bad Girls Club (season 8)

Bad Girls Club Season 8 is the eight season of the American television series "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on January 23, 2012 until May 7, 2012. It was filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada.

 : Age at the time of filming.

Bad Girls Club (season 9)

Bad Girls Club Season 9 is the ninth season of the American television series "Bad Girls Club". It was broadcast on July 9, 2012 and is currently airing on Oxygen. It was filmed in Mexico.

 : Age at the time of filming.

1915 Galveston hurricane

The 1915 Galveston hurricane was an intense, deadly and very destructive storm. In August 1915 this hurricane hit the Caribbean Island areas from the Leeward Islands to western Cuba and then blasted Galveston, Texas with winds around the Category 4 level, . The winds of this hurricane were at when the storm struck Cuba. Almost 400 people died because of the storm.

1899 San Ciriaco hurricane

The 1899 San Ciriaco hurricane was the longest hurricane in the Atlantic on record and second longest recorded anywhere in the world. This storm packed winds of 150 mph. It caused serious destruction in the Caribbean and North Carolina. The storm took more than 3,400 lives. This hurricane happened in August 1899.

David Hockney

David Hockney (born 9 July 1937) is a British artist. He was born in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire. An important contributor to the pop art movement of the 1960s, he is one of the most influential artists of the 20th century. He is openly gay.

Hockney's 1972 work "Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures)" sold at auction and broke the world record for a living artist on 15 November 2018 when it sold for $90 million (£70 million) at Christie's auction house New York City.

Yojōhan Shinwa Taikei

Yozyouhan Sinwa Taikei is a Japanese novel. It was written by Tomihiko Morimi. In 2010, it was adapted to an animated work and broadcast by Noitamina.

At Kyoto University, a male student tries to change his life. The story differs somewhat between the original novel and the anime adaptation.

The novel is organized into separate stories.

1st story The main character belongs to a movie club.

2nd story The main character becomes a pupil of Mr. Higuchi.

3rd story The main character belongs to a softball club.

4th story The main character belongs to secret organization.

The anime is organized into separate stories.

1st story The main character belongs to tennis club "Cupid." 

2nd story The main character belongs to the movie club "Misogi."

3rd story The main character belongs to the cycling club "Soreiyu."

4th story The main character becomes a pupil to Mr. Higuchi.

5th story The main character belongs to a softball club "Honwaka."

6th story The main character belongs to an English conversation club "Joy English."

7th story The main character belongs to a Hero show club.

8th story The main character belongs to the reading club "SEA."

9th story The main character belongs to the secret organization "Fukuneko Hanten."

10th story The main character does not leave his room. 

11th story Pleasure to see.


Awake (TV series)

Awake is an American television crime drama. It originally aired on NBC for one season from March 1 to May 24, 2012. The main character in the show is Michael Britten (Jason Isaacs), a detective who works for the Los Angeles Police Department. Kyle Killen created the series. Killen is also an executive producer along with David Slade, for "Pilot." Jeffrey Reiner and Howard Gordon continued with Killen, under his Teakwood Lane Productions label. On May 11, 2012, after eleven of the thirteen produced episodes were aired, the show was canceled. However, it still finished airing the remaining episodes in the original time slot. Even though the series' did not last very long, many people liked the series enough to create the "Save "Awake"" campaign to convince networks to revive the show.

I-League

The I-League is an association football league which is the second division in India.

The league was established in 2007.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 10)

The tenth season of SpongeBob SquarePants was on television from October 15, 2016 to October 7, 2017. The season began with the episodes "Whirly Brains" and "Mermaid Pants." It ended with the episodes "Feral Friends" and "Don't Wake Patrick". Stephen Hillenburg, the show's creator, was the season's executive producer. Marc Ceccarelli and Vincent Waller were the supervising producers.

The tenth season won the 2017 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon. The season was released to DVD on October 15, 2019.


Heckler &amp; Koch XM8

The XM8 is a rifle made by Heckler & Koch. It is an automatic rifle that uses the 5.56 mm NATO caliber ammunition. The XM8 holds 30 rounds of ammunition. The US Army was interested in the XM8 because it is a very light weapon. It weighs only . The US Army tested ten weapons in a 60,000 round dust test and the XM8 was the best. This showed that the XM8 is much more reliable than the M4.

Typhoon Nancy

Super Typhoon Nancy had extremely intense winds near 215 miles an hour, giving her the strongest recorded winds of any tropical cyclone. It happened September 1961. The comparable cyclones of Typhoon Tip, Typhoon Keith, Hurricane Camille and Hurricane Allen all had winds at 190 miles an hour. The Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale did not exist during 1961, although Nancy would have been classified as Category Five for five and a half days, which would be a record in the Northern Hemisphere. Nancy was also destructive: she created over $500 million (1961 USD) in damage and killed around 174 people in Japan. Nancy hit Guam before that.

Antillesoma

Antillesoma is a genus of peanut worms Phylum Sipuncula. The genus belongs to the family Phascolosomatidae "Antillesoma" was described in 1973 by Stephen and Edmonds.



Antillesoma antillarum

Antillesoma antillarum is the only species of peanut worms (Sipuncula) of the genus "Antillesoma". The genus belongs to the family Phascolosomatidae.


This species is widespread in tropical and subtropical waters. It has been reported in the western Atlantic and the Caribbean from Florida to Brazil, in the eastern Atlantic in Sierra Leone.

"Antillesoma antillarum" have been found living in mollusc shell middens. They accompany and associate with the following species of sipunculids: "Aspidosiphon albus", " A. Parvulus", "A. fischeri", "Temistes lageniformis", y "Nephasoma pellucidum".


Burmese python

The Python bivittatus (or Burmese python) is one of the fifth largest snakes in the world. It is native to a large variation of tropic and subtropic areas of South and Southeast Asia. Until 2009 they were considered a subspecies of "Python molurus". Now they are recognized as a distinct species.

Burmese pythons are dark-coloured snakes with many brown blotches, edged with black, down their back. It can grow up to 5 to 7 metres (16 to 23 ft) long, but some may only reach up to the length of 4 metres (13 feet). They usually weigh around 90 kg. The longest Burmese python ever recored was a female named "Baby" which lived in the Serpent Safari, Gurnee, Illinois and was 27 years old when she died. When "Baby" died she was 8.23 metres (27 ft) long, and weighed 183 kg

The Burmese python is found throughout Southern and Southeast Asia including Eastern India, Nepal, Western Bhutan, Southeast Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Northern Malaysia, far southern China, Indonesia, Southern Sulawesi, Bali and Sumbawa. It lives in grasslands, marshes, swamps, woodlands, river valleys, and jungles with open clearings.

The Burmese python, like all types of snakes, are carnivorous. They mainly eat birds and mammals like mice, rats, rabbits, pigs and goats. Some have been seen eating larger animals like alligators and deer.
Burmese Pythons are mainly nocturnal. Young Burmese Pythons usually live in trees and on ground but when they become older they live mainly on the ground. They are excellent swimmers and can stay underwater for around half an hour.
Burmese pythons breed in the early spring and females lay around 12-36 eggs in March or April. The female python then remains with the eggs until they have hatched. Once the hatchlings use their egg tooth to cut their way out of the eggs the mother then leaves. The babies often stay inside the eggs until they have completed their first shedding of their skin, after this they leave to hunt for their first meal. Burmese pythons live for around 20 to 27 years.

War elephant

A war elephant is an elephant that was trained for battle. Elephants were guided by people. The main use of the elephant was in shock tactics to charge against the enemy, trample them, and break their lines. They were first used in India, but their use spread to other regions. Pyrrhus of Epirus used many of them, and so did the armies of Carthage. Hannibal crossed the Alps with a number of war elephants and marched against Rome. 

In the west, military tactics soon changed, and reduced the value of a war elephant. It was the use of cannons that made the war elephant useless in the 19th century. After that, elephants continued to be used for construction work.

List of Roasso Kumamoto players

The List of Roasso Kumamoto players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Roasso Kumamoto is a Japanese professional football club in Kumamoto on the island of Kyushu.
In 2010, the team included



Ryan Raburn

Ryan Neil Raburn (born April 17, 1981) is a baseball player who plays for the Washington Nationals. He previously played for the Detroit Tigers, Cleveland Indians, and Colorado Rockies. He has played many positions, but mostly second base and left field.

East Bengal Club

Sporting Club East Bengal are an Indian professional football club based at Kolkata.

East Bengal is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

East Bengal Football Club was established in 1920.

In 1998, the name of the club was changed from East Bengal Football Club to Kingfisher East Bengal Football Club.

In July 2003, East Bengal won the ASEAN Club Championship at Jakarta.




ARIA Hall of Fame

Since 1988 the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) has inducted artists into its ARIA Hall of Fame. 

Seven artists have been inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame under more than one role:


Pandora Hearts

Pandora Hearts is a manga series by Jun Mochizuki. Twenty four volumes of the series have already been released in Japan, while the same twenty four volumes have been released in English. It has been made into an anime version, produced by Xebec.

Oz Bezarius, is the heir to the property of his family. He is 15. He is a smart boy and has a good education; however, his father hates him. 
At his adult ceremony, however, everything changes too quickly to predict. The clock that remained silent in the church for 100 years suddenly rings.
He is sent to the prison "Abyss", only be saved by a "Chain" named Alice, who lives in the "Abyss" and is the Bloodstained Black Rabbit. They make an agreement: Oz needs to find the memory of Alice, and Alice needs to protect him and help him overcome the prison. When they return to their world, the time goes by ten years. They meet their friends and also meet their enemy. As the story goes on, they find out more about the mystery prison and the organization known as "Pandora".


Oz Vessalius is the future Duke family. Before the age of 15 years, the young teenager living a totally banal and pretty easy life. But everything changed the day of his fifteenth birthday ceremony at its maturity. Oz was sent into the Abyss by members of Baskerville also called Shinigami. Once there, he made ​​the acquaintance of the Alicequi help out of this hell without knowing that ten years have passed since his absence.


Raven is a member of Pandora at first quite cold first. He has a contract with a chain of the same name by drinking his blood. But over time, he confessed to that Oz is actually Gilbert for his young and become much nicer to see a little bit silly.

Raven will do anything to protect his young master.
He has a brother who glue a lot of the name of Vincent.


Alice is a chain, a being born from the Abyss. It is also one of the most powerful because it happens to take human form. His form of fighting is fighting a giant rabbit with a scythe: B-Rabbit.
She meets Oz when it is sent to the Abyss and offered him a contract to help out. For indeed, Alice has the power to come and go in the Abyss, but it can not release its full power only.

Its purpose is to make the world of Oz to find her memory there was scattered.

Alice has the appearance of a girl, but not really the character. She is bossy, a little sadistic and willing to please rabid Raven

However, it has a real affection for Oz solidify slowly.

She is also addicted to meat and pastries.


Xerxes, more commonly known as Break, he is a member of Pandora and a servant of the Rainsworth family. It is often seen with a doll on his shoulder he calls Emily. He loves sweets and cakes and he hates a lot Vincent. Outside, Breakapparaît like a carefree character, never serious and always smiling. When necessary, however, Break can become very dangerous and evil. He has a contract with Mad Hatter, a Chain.
No break is left eye. He says that the will of the abyss took him and now is the chain that owns Cheshire. Liam, a member of Pandora tells Oz that Break has not always been as it is today. Before, after losing his eye, it was a bitter and angry person who never smiled. However, thanks to the kindness of Shelly, Sharon's mother, he began to open. He has sworn absolute loyalty to Shelly.
The real purpose of Break is to find the truth about what happened there 100 years.


There are no really few things to say about Sharon as we know very little about his past.

We know all the same she met while Break was playing with Liam and after he became for her, her mother and her grandmother.

When she was 13 years old, she entered into a contract with a chain named Eques which allows him to travel in the shadows of people and since that day, as Break, she aged more.


Sally Phillips

Sally Elizabeth Phillips (born 10 May 1970) is a British actress, Television presenter and comedienne. She was born in Hong Kong. She is married with three children and lives in London.

Phillips wrote and starred in "Smack the Pony". She played Shazza in "Bridget Jones's Diary" and "".She was featured in Task Master Season 5

Hurricane Eloise

Hurricane Eloise was a really destructive storm in September 1975 that struck Puerto Rico, Hispaniola and northwest Florida. She caused around 80 deaths and $560 million along her path. When Eloise struck Florida, winds were 125 mph, making the storm Category Three. The name Eloise was retired from Atlantic Basin tropical cyclone lists the following year.

Hurricane Dora

Hurricane Dora struck the northeast coast of Florida and became the first hurricane to do so. She created next to $250 million in damage around the area she hit. Winds from Dora reached almost 125 mph around Jacksonville, Florida when she hit. Dora was later retired from Atlantic hurricane lists, although the name is being used today for naming lists of the Eastern Pacific names.

Virginia Wade

Sarah Virginia Wade OBE (born 10 July 1945) is a British tennis player turned commentator. She was born in Bournemouth, Hampshire. She turned pro in 1968. She won the US Open in 1968, the Australian Open in 1972 and Wimbledon in 1977. She retired in 1986. Since 1981, she has been a commentator for the BBC. As of 2013, she is the last British woman to win a major tennis tournament.

Trappist beer

Trappist beer is brewed by Trappist monks. There are eight Trappist monasteries--six in Belgium, one in the Netherlands, and one in Austria.

Monastery brewhouses, from different religious orders, have been across Europe since the Middle Ages. The monastery of La Trappe in Soligny had its own brewery in 1685. Breweries were later added in monasteries of other countries as the trappist order spread from France into the rest of Europe. The Trappists, like many other religious people, first brewed beer to feed the community. Now, Trappist breweries also brew beer to pay for their works and for good causes. Many of the Trappist monasteries and breweries were destroyed during the French Revolution and the World Wars. 

With the recent exception of Koningshoeven's Bockbier, Trappist beers are all top-fermented and mainly bottle conditioned. Trappist breweries use different names for the different beers produced. The names relate to their strength.

The best known is the system where different beers are called "Enkel/Single", "Dubbel/Double" and "Tripel/Triple". With the importance of the Holy Trinity in the church, it is unlikely that the choice of three types of beers was accidental. Enkels are now no longer brewed as such.

Colours can be used to tell the different types. This dates back to the days when bottles were unlabelled and had to be identified by the bottle-top alone. Chimay beer labels are based on the colour system (in increasing order of strength red, white and blue). Westvleteren beers are still unlabelled.

There is also a number system (6,8 and 10, as used by Rochefort), which gives an idea of strength. Achel combine a strength and a colour (of the beer itselfblond or brown).

The official Trappist breweries make the following beers:-

Belgian breweries have a tradition of providing custom beer glasses. The Trappist breweries often provide "chalice" or "goblet" style glasses. 

Westvleteren Brewery

The Westvleteren Brewery (Brouwerij Westvleteren) is a Belgian brewery. It was formed in 1838 inside the Trappist Abbey of Saint Sixtus of Westvleteren in the Belgian municipality of Vleteren. The brewery and its beers are usually called "Westvleteren". The brewery's three beers have an international reputation for taste and quality. They also have a limited availability.

In 1931, the abbey began selling beer to the general public. Before, they only served beer to guests and visitors.

It is the only Trappist brewery where the monks still do all of the brewing. Of the 26 Cistercians who live in the abbey, five monks run the brewery, with an additional five who assist during bottling (putting the beer in bottles).

As with all other Trappist breweries, the beer is only sold in order to financially support the monastery and other good causes. There is no advertising except for a small sign outside the abbey. The monks have repeatedly said that they only brew enough beer to run the monastery. They will make no more than they need to sell, regardless of demand. During World War II, the brewery stopped supplying wholesalers. Since then they only sell to individual buyers in person at the brewery or the visitor's centre.

The brewery currently brews three beers:

Until 1999, the brewery also made a 6.2% ABV dark beer and a lighter 4° which was the monks' table beer. The 8 and 12 are bottle conditioned. They have a long shelf life. Some drinkers prefer the taste when the beers have been stored for several years. The ingredients are yeast, hops, malt, sugar, caramel and water.

The bottles have been sold without labels since 1945. All of the legally required information is printed on the crown tops. Because of this lack of space, Westvleteren beers are the only Trappist beers that do not have the official Trappist logo on the bottle. The logo is only printed on the wooden crates.

Many beer drinkers rank Westvleteren 12 among their favourite beers. The 8 and the Blonde also rank highly on beer-rating websites.

Despite the popularity, the monks have continued to decline almost all interview. Non-monastic visitors to the abbey are usually turned away.

Danielle Harris

Danielle Andrea Harris (born June 1, 1977) is an American actress.

Harris has been active since 1985. She has worked in movies and television programs. She became famous for her roles in the "Halloween" movies "", "", "Halloween (2007)" and "Halloween II (2009)", Hachet II, Hatchet III, and in many other horror movies.

In 2010, Danielle Harris was named as 'horror's reigning scream queen' by the "NY Daily News". She was on the cover for horror/glamour magazines "Girls and Corpses" and "Gorezone magazine".

In 2011, Harris won the Best Actress award at the Shockfest Film Festival, for her starring role in the short "Nice Guys Finish Last".

In 2013, Harris became engaged to David Gross. The couple married in a private ceremony in Holualoa, Hawaii on January 4, 2014, and had a son in 2017. Their second son was born in late 2018.


Anheuser-Busch InBev

Anheuser-Busch InBev N.V. (abbreviated as AB InBev) is a Belgian-Brazilian multinational beverages company headquartered in Leuven, Belgium. It is the world's largest brewer. 

AB InBev has 14 brands. They make over 1 billion USD per year. International brands include Beck's, Corona, Budweiser, Stella Artois, and Brahma. Multi-country brands are Alexander Keith's, Leffe and Hoegaarden. Regional brands are Bud Light, Skol, Quilmes, Labatt Blue, Michelob, Harbin, Sedrin, Cass, Klinskoye, Sibirskaya Korona, Chernigivske and Jupiler.

The company has around 116,000 people in over 30 countries. 45% of the company's sales come from North America. The company now reports its financial results in US Dollars.

AB InBev has a primary listing on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is part of the BEL20 index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.

UEFA Euro 2000

The 2000 UEFA European Football Championship, or Euro 2000, was the 11th UEFA European Football Championship. The championship is held every four years and organized by UEFA. UEFA is association football's governing body in Europe.

The finals of Euro 2000 were co-hosted (the first time this happened) by Belgium and the Netherlands, between 10 June and 2 July 2000. Spain and Austria also bid to host the event. The final tournament had 16 nations. Except for Belgium and the Netherlands, the finalists had to go through a qualifying round to reach the final stage. France won the tournament. They defeated Italy 2–1 in the final, by a golden goal.

The finals were in the King Baudouin Stadium.

The following 16 teams were in the tournament:








UEFA Player of the Tournament

The mascot for the tournament was "Benelucky". The name is a pun on Benelux. He is a lion-devil with hair colour a combination of the flag colours of both host nations. The lion is the national football emblem of the Netherlands and a devil is for Belgium, the team being nicknamed "the Red Devils".

The Last Days of Sodom and Gomorrah

The Last Days of Sodom and Gomorrah (also known as Sodom and Gomorrah) is a Franco-Italian-American movie made in 1962. It is based on the Bible story of Sodom and Gomorrah. The movie was directed by Robert Aldrich and produced by Maurizio Lodi-Fe, Goffredo Lombardo and Joseph E. Levine.

UEFA Euro 1972

The 1972 UEFA European Football Championship final tournament was held in Belgium. This was the fourth European Football Championship. The championship is held every four years and endorsed by UEFA. The final tournament took place between 14 and 18 June 1972.

At the time, only four countries could play the final tournament. So there were only the semi-finals, the final and the third place match.

The hosts were only announced after the qualifying round. This meant that they had to qualify for the final stage.

There were 10 goals scored in 4 matches.



Spa-Francorchamps

The Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps is the venue of the Formula One Belgian Grand Prix and the Spa 24 Hours and 1000 km Spa endurance races. It is also home to the all Volkswagen club event, 25 Hours of Spa, run by the Uniroyal Fun Cup. It is one of the most challenging race tracks in the world. This is mainly because of its fast, hilly and twisty nature. Spa is a favourite circuit of many racing drivers and fans.

The track was designed in 1920 by Jules de Their and Henri Langlois Van Ophem. The first car race was held at the circuit in 1922. 1924 was the first running of the now famous 24 Hours of Francorchamps race. The circuit was first used for Grand Prix racing in 1925.

Jacky Ickx

Jacques Bernard "Jacky" Ickx (last name pronounced "Ix" or "Icks") (born 1 January 1945 in Brussels) is a Belgian former racing driver. He had 25 podium finishes in Formula One and six wins in the 24 hours of Le Mans.

Memorial Van Damme

Memorial van Damme is a yearly athletics event at the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels, Belgium. It takes place in late August or early September. Before it was one of the IAAF Golden League events. Now it is now part of the IAAF Diamond League.

It was first put together in 1977 by a group of journalists in honour of Ivo van Damme. Damme was a Belgian double medal winner at the Montreal Olympics who was killed in a car accident at the age of 22. A former footballer, he turned to athletics and in particular the 1500 m and 3000 m. Later on, he ran in the 800 m. In 1976, he took part in the Montreal Olympic Games, where he won silver medals in both the 800 m and 1500 m.











List of cities in Afghanistan

Afghanistan has about 26 million people. 5.7 million live in urban areas. The rest live in rural areas or countryside. The following are fourteen cities of Afghanistan in order of population. The estimates are from 2006.

Ancient names of places or cities in Afghanistan:

List of settlements in Algeria

This is a list of Algerian cities and towns with more than 100,000 inhabitants, and towns and villages with more than 20,000 inhabitants. 



















List of cities in Andorra

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in Andorra.

As of 2011-12-31, Source: CityPopulation

List of settlements in Angola

This is a list of cities and towns in Angola

List of cities in Antigua and Barbuda



List of cities in Argentina

This is a list of cities in Argentina. 

This is a list of the localities of Argentina of 45,000 to 150,000 inhabitants ordered by amount of population according to the data of the 2001 INDEC Census


List of cities in Aruba

This is a list of cities in Aruba:


List of settlements in Austria

The following is a list of cities and towns in Austria with population of over 10,000 citizens. State capitals are shown in boldface.

Greater roadrunner

The greater roadrunner ("Geococcyx californianus") is one of two species of the roadrunner. The lesser roadrunner is the other species. The greater roadrunner is also called the "ground cuckoo" and the "snake killer".

The greater roadrunner is about 52–62 cm (20–24 in) long, the wingspan is about 43-61 cm (17-24 in) long, and weighs about 221-538 grams. It is about 25-30 cm tall, and is the largest North American cuckoo. It has a long, thick bill, a long dark tail, it has a dark head, and the front of its neck and belly is blue. It has zygodactyl feet, meaning that on each foot there is two toes on the front and two on the back.

It lives in the deserts of states in southwestern United States of America, like California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Oklahoma, and rarely in Kansas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Missouri. In is also found in the states of northern Mexico, like Baja California, Baja California Sur, Sonora, Sinaloa, Chihuahua, Durango, Jalisco, Coahuila, Zacatecas, Guanajuato, Michoacán, Querétaro, México, Puebla, Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, and San Luis Potosí.

The greater roadrunner makes its nests of sticks in a cactus or on a bush, and lays 3-6 eggs which take about 20 days to hatch. It eats mainly fruit, seeds and insects, but also eats some reptiles like snakes and lizards, small mammals, spiders, scorpions, centipedes, millipedes, small birds and bird eggs. The greater roadrunner kills its prey by hitting the prey's neck with its beak or by holding its prey in its beak and hitting the prey on a rock.

Some indian tribes, like the Hopi, believed that the roadrunner protected people from evil spirits. In Mexico some people say that the roadrunner brings babies, while some people in Europe say that the white stork does this.

Timber rattlesnake

The timber rattlesnake ("Crotalus horridus") is a species of venomous Pit vipers. It lives in eastern United States of America. There are no subspecies currently recognized. It is the 2nd largest venomous snake found in the eastern United States.

Adults usually grow up to the length of 91–152 cm (35.8-59.8 in). The longest to be reported was 189.2 cm (74.5 in) long. The large timber rattlesnakes weigh about 4.5 kg (9.9 Ib), but most weigh about 580-900 g (20-32 oz). Their scales are usually yellowish-brown or gray with dark brown or black stripes.

They are found in woodlands and forests of eastern United States of America, from southern Minnesota and southern New Hampshire, south to east Texas and north Florida. During the summer pregnant females prefer open, rocky ledges, where the temperature is higher, while males and non-pregnant females spend more time in cooler woodlands with a closed forest canopy. Females usually bask in the sun before having babies in open rocky areas, known as "basking knolls". In the winter Timber Rattlesnakes hibernate in dens and caves.

They mainly eat small mammals but they also eat birds, frogs, and other snakes like rattlesnakes. The most common snake they eat is the garter snake.

The timber rattlesnake is one of North America's most dangerous snakes. Before biting, they usually warn people by shaking their rattle at the end of their tail.

Its venom contains a neurotoxin known as canebrake toxin, and is a phospholipase A. It also contains a small basic peptide that works as a myotoxin, a fibrinogen-clotting enzyme that can produce defibrination syndrome, and a bradykinin-releasing enzyme.

CroFab antivenom is used to treat envenomations from the timber rattlesnake.

The timber rattlesnake is classified as least concern on the IUCN Red List.

The timber rattlesnake is endangered in New Jersey, Vermont, Massachusetts, Virginia, New Hampshire, Indiana, and Ohio. It is threatened in New York, Connecticut, Illinois, Minnesota, and Texas.

Timber rattlesnakes are extinct in Maine and Rhode Island. Only one population remains in New Hampshire. They are protected in many of the Appalachian states but their populations are still declining.

Norma (given name)

The name Norma is a female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ nawr-m"uh" ]. It was referenced around the year 1203. This name means "Of the North", and for Latin, the word "norma" means "patterns". The name Norma has gone up and down in popularity during the last 100 years. In the United States, it has gone downward, although the name is still in usage. The name has been used for many celebrities and for many Eastern Pacific tropical cyclones. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Sidewinder

The Sidewinder rattlesnake ("Crotalus cerastes"), also known as the "Horned Rattlesnake", is a species of venomous pit viper. There are three subspecies. It is called a sidewinder because it uses sidewinding to move across sand.

The Sidewinder rattlesnake is a small species of snake, with adults measuring to about long. The females are larger than the males, which is unusual for most snakes. The color of this snake is usually cream or yellowish-brown, and the belly is white colored.

In the southwestern United States of America it can be found in desert regions of eastern California, southern Nevada, southwestern Utah and western Arizona. In northwestern Mexico, it can be found in western Sonora and eastern Baja California.

The Sidewinder is nocturnal in hot months and diurnal in cooler months. The Sidewinder uses its tail to attract lizards which it eats, but when it becomes an adult it stops eating lizards and starts eating desert rodents. 

A female Sidewinder Rattlesnake gives birth to around 5 to 18 young at a time. For 7–10 days the young stay with their mother in a burrow, they then shed for the first time and then leave the burrow. Sidewinders mature at the age of 2 or 3, then mate in April and May and sometimes in the fall. The female then has its 5-18 babies in the late summer. These babies are born 6-8 inches long. Males live a little bit longer than females, males live to about 13 years old and females about 11 years old. 

There are three subspecies:

Eega

Eega () is a 2012 Telugu movie directed by S.S. Rajamouli. It stars Nani, Samantha and Kannada actor Sudeep. The movie was released on 6 July 2012. It received positive reviews and set records.

In Tamil it was released as "Naan Ee", which means I, the Fly in English. It was released in Malayalam as Eecha, which also means The Fly in English. It was also released in Hindi as Makkhi, which means Fly in English. However, in the Hindi dub, Nani's name was changed to Jani while everybody else's names stayed the same.

Nani has loved Bindu (Samantha) for two years. Sudeep kills Nani for Bindu so he and her can be together. Then Nani is reborn as a fly and kills Sudeep with the help of Bindu.

The movie was planned by director S.S. Rajamouli 14 years back when his father gave the idea. Due to some technical reasons, the movie didn't start its shooting until 29 July 2010. That was after the director released his 8th movie "Maryada Rammana".


Sanju Pradhan

Sanju Pradhan (born 15 August 1989) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as a footballer.

East Bengal

Atlético de Kolkata

Bhawanipore

India

Rin Nakai

Rin is currently the #10-ranked Women’s Bantamweight (129-139.9 lbs) fighter in the world as of 5/25/2014 by http://www.fightmatrix.com. 
Nakai has participated in MMA promotions Pancrase, Smackgirl and Valkyrie. She is 1.55 m (5 ft 1 in) and 56.7 kg (125 lb).

Nakai started fighting on October 1, 2006. She defeated Asuka Ito by TKO (technical knockout), after breaking Ito's nose at "Pancrase 2006 Blow Tour".

On September 29 2016 Nakai competed at Rizin 3 - Rizin Fighting World Grand Prix 2016: 2nd Round. She defeated decorated wrestler Kanako Murata via 3rd round submission (Rear Naked Choke) to improve her record to 19-2.


Gareth Gates

Gareth Paul Gates (born 12 July 1984) is a British pop singer-songwriter and musical theatre actor. He was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire. In 2002 was runner-up in the first series of "Pop Idol". He released nine singles between 2002 and 2007, four of which were UK number ones. His first album "What My Heart Wants to Say" was released in 2002; it was number two in the UK charts. He released another album, "Go Your Own Way", in 2003 and another, "Pictures of the Other Side" in 2007. 

Gates is known for having a stutter. 

In 2008, Gates was a contestant in the third series of "Dancing on Ice". 

In 2009 Gates started work as a musical feature actor, playing the title role in the West End production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat at the Adelphi Theatre.


Sabine Lisicki

Sabine Lisicki (; born 22 September 1989 in Troisdorf) is a German professional tennis player. Lisicki won her first WTA title match in more than three seasons in Hong Kong in September 2014. She reached her high rank of world no. 12 on 21 May 2012 in singles.

Vietnamese Civil War

Several conflicts in Vietnamese history have been considered civil wars. These are all major conflicts that occurred between North and South Vietnam:

List of cities in Azerbaijan

There are 69 urban settlements in Azerbaijan with the official status of a city (). They are:


List of ten cities, including the capital Baku (2,122,300), with the largest populations, according to the 2012 census.

List of settlements in Bangladesh

This is a list of major cities and towns in Bangladesh.

Towns in Barisal Division:

Towns in Chittagong Division, except for the city of Chittagong:

Towns in Dhaka Division:

Towns in Khulna Division, except for the city of Khulna:

Towns in Rajshahi Division: 

Towns in Rangpur Division:

Towns in Sylhet Division:

List of settlements in Barbados

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in Barbados.

List of settlements in Belarus

The following is the list of cities and towns in Belarus.

List of cities in Belgium

This is a partial list of cities or towns in Belgium:

List of cities in Benin

The following is a list of cities in Benin:


List of cities in Bolivia

List of settlements in Botswana

The following is a list of cities and towns in Botswana with population of over 3,000 citizens. State capitals are shown in boldface.

Orchid (color)

Orchid is a bright rich purple color that resembles the color of some orchids. 

Various tones of "orchid" may range from grayish purple to purplish-pink to strong reddish purple.

The first written use of "orchid" as a color name in English was in 1915.

In 1987, orchid was included as one of the X11 colors. After the invention of the world wide web in 1991, these became known as the X11 web colors.

The name comes from the flowers of some species of the vast orchid family (Orchidaceae), such as "Laelia furfuracea" and "Ascocentrum pusillum", which have petals of this color.

The word "Orchid" derives from the Greek word "orchis" which means testicle, after the appearance of the roots of plants of the genus "Orchis".


University College Cork

University College Cork – National University of Ireland, Cork (UCC) is one of the most famous universities in Ireland, alongside Trinity College Dublin. UCC offers many different courses and degrees such as medicine, law and languages. The University is very close to the centre of Cork City.

Trevor Morgan (footballer)

Trevor James Morgan (born 30 September 1956) is a British professional athlete and coach. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player.

Since 2010, he has been the coach at East Bengal F.C..


List of World Heritage Sites in India

The List of World Heritage Sites in India is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

India agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1977.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2020, there are 38 WHS places in India.
There are 48 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.




Dean Cain

Dean Cain (born Dean George Tanaka; July 31, 1966) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Clark Kent/Superman in the popular American television series "".

Dean has a son named Christopher Dean Cain (b. June 11, 2000). The mother is former "Playboy" Playmate Samantha Torres. His son is named after Cain's father, movie director Christopher Cain. He was previously engaged to country singer Mindy McCready in the late 1990s.


Crotalus ruber

Crotalus ruber (commonly known as the red diamond rattleback) is a species of venomous Pit vipers. There are currently three subspecies found.

The Red Diamond Rattlesnake is a large species of Rattlesnake. It usually grows up to the length of 100 centimeters (39 in), but some males can grow up to the length of 140 centimeters (55 in). The largest ever found was 162 centimeters (64 in) long. Its pattern is similar to the "Western Diamondback Rattlesnake", but the Red Diamond Rattlesnake has more of a reddish color on it. 

This snake has many names like the "Red Rattlesnake", the "Red Rattler", the "Red Diamond-backed Rattlesnake", and the "Western Diamond Rattlesnake".

The Red Diamond Rattlesnake lives mainly in deserts and on mountains in Southwestern California, U.S.A, northeastern Baja California, Mexico, and islands in the Gulf of California like Angel de la Guarda, San Macros and Monserrate.
It eats mainly rabbits, ground squirrels, and birds, but sometimes they eat lizards and other snakes.

Red Diamond Rattlesnakes mate in February and April. Females have their babies in August; they have around 3 to 20 babies at a time. The babies are born 30 to 34 cm long.


2012–13 Premier League

The 2012-13 Premier League will be the 21st season of the English Premier League, England's top football league. The season will start on August 18, 2012 and end on May 19, 2013. The defending champions are Manchester City.


Hinder

Hinder is an Oklahoma based rock group. Their hit singles are "Lips of an Angel", "How Long" and Get Stoned. The group have numerous other hit songs besides these.

Chung Doo-un

Chung Doo-un (, 6 March 1957 – 16 July 2019) was a South Korean bureaucrat and politician. He was the vice-mayor of Seoul from 2000 to 2003. He was a member of the National Assembly of South Korea from 2004 to 2016. He was a close friend to Lee Myung-bak. He was born in Seoul.

Chung killed himself at a Seoul park on 16 July 2019 at the age of 62.


Diogenes Laërtius

Diogenes Laërtius was a historian. He wrote a "history of Greek philosophy", in ten volumes. Very little is known about him as a person. Probably he lived in the 3rd century BC. The last philiosopher found in this work is a student of Sextus Empiricus. Sextus Empiricus lived in the 2nd century. Diogenes Laertius does not list many Roman philiosphers. He also does not talk about Middle Platonism, which must have been popular during that time.

Gendarmenmarkt

The Gendarmenmarkt is a square in Berlin, and the site of the and the French Cathedral and German Cathedrals. The centre of the Gendarmenmarkt is crowned by a statue of Germany's poet Friedrich Schiller. The square was created by Johann Arnold Nering at the end of the seventeenth century as the Linden-Markt and reconstructed by Georg Christian Unger in 1773. The Gendarmenmarkt is named after the Prussian regiment .
During World War II, most of the buildings were badly damaged or destroyed. Today all the buildings are restored to their former state. 

The Gendarmenmarkt hosts one of Berlin's most popular Christmas markets.


Mohun Bagan AC

Mohun Bagan A. C. are an Indian professional football club in Kolkata in the state of West Bengal.

Mohan Bagan is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

Mohun Bagan was founded in 1889.




David Mitchell

David James Stuart Mitchell (born 14 July 1974) is a English actor, comedian, television personality and writer. He stars in "Would I Lie to You?", "Peep Show" and "That Mitchell and Webb Look". He often works with Robert Webb. He also writes articles for "The Observer" and "The Guardian".

Mitchell was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. His mother is Welsh and his father is of Scottish ancestry. The family moved to Oxford during his late childhood. He studied history at Peterhouse, Cambridge. He married poker player and television presenter Victoria Coren on 17 November 2012 in Belsize Park, North London. The couple's daughter was born in May 2015.

Danish people

Danish people or Danes are the nation and ethnic group that is born in Denmark, and who speak Danish. There is also a Danish minority in Southern Schleswig.

The first mention of Danes within the Danish territory is on the which mentions how Harald Bluetooth converted the Danes to Christianity in the 10th century. Denmark has been continuously inhabited since this period and although much cultural and ethnic influence and immigration from all over the world has entered Denmark since then, Danes tend to see themselves as ethnic descendents of the early Danes mentioned in the sources.

According to the Danish statistics institute, approximately five million people of Danish origin live in Denmark today. In this context "Danish origin" is defined as being born to parents who are Danish citizens, and the number is arrived at by subtracting from the total population (5,564,249) those who are born abroad to non-citizens who are themselves born abroad (called immigrants), and those who are born in Denmark to parents who are either immigrants or who have foreign citizenship.

Danish citizenship is granted to anyone who has one parent of Danish citizenship, whether the child is born in or outside of Denmark. Citizens of Greenland and the Faroe islands are considered Danish citizens for all purposes. Those who do not achieve Danish citizenship by birth (or by Adoption) can only receive Danish citizenship through decree of law. Danish citizenship is automatically lost if one applies for foreign citizenship or when a 22 year old child of Danish citizens has never lived in Denmark and has not formally applied for Danish citizenship.


The Basketball Diaries

The Basketball Diaries is a 1995 American independent biographical crime drama movie directed by Scott Kalvert. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Wahlberg and Lorraine Bracco and is set in New York City. This drama is based around an autobiographical novel by the same name, written by Jim Carroll. "The Basketball Diaries" is about addiction to drugs.

Sports in India

Sports in India are a part of Indian culture.

India has many traditional sports such as kabbadi, kho kho, pehlwani, and gilli-danda. Also, there are sports which were imported from the West such as football, rugby union, cricket, golf, tennis, squash, hockey, Javelin throw, boxing, snooker, and billiards. Sports are popular with both participants and onlookers.

The history of traditional sports is ancient.

In general, the most popular sports in modern India are the ones which do not include bodily contact. For example, cricket is the most important sport on television.

In the regions of Bengal and Kerala, Association football is very popular.

India has hosted international sporting events, including the 2011 Cricket World Cup.

Indian athletes have competed in 32 Olympic games in 19 countries. The Indian national team has won gold medals in Summer Olympic Games, including

India has competed in many Commonwealth Games; and India was the host country to the 2010 Commonwealth Games.



Nucleon

In physics and chemistry, a nucleon refers to any subatomic particle found in the nucleus of an atom. For instance, protons and neutrons are nucleons, since they are in the nucleus of the atom. Nucleons are made of quarks. 

The main types of nucleons are protons and neutrons. A proton has a positive electric charge, and a neutron has a neutral electric charge (meaning that it has no charge). The two in the nucleus of the atom make a positive charge, since the neutron has no charge at all. 

Electrons are not nucleons, because they are not in the nucleus of the atom. 

The other types of nucleons are "antinucleons". These are the antiparticles of the nucleons.

The fundamental force responsible for holding the nucleons together in the nucleus is called the strong force.

Homs

Homs ( "") is the third largest city in Syria. It used to be called "Emesa" (Greek: Ἔμεσα, "Emesa"). It is the capital of both the Homs District, and the Homs Governorate. It has 652,609 people (2004). It is on the Orontes River.

Homs is home to the Al-Baath University. The university is one of four major universities in Syria.

Homs has two football clubs. The Al-Karamah Sports Club was founded in 1928 and is one the oldest sports club in Syria. The Al-Karamah Sports Club has won eight Syrian League titles, and eight Syrian Cup titles. The second sports club of the city is Al-Wathba Sports Club. They started in 1937. The Khaled Ibn Al Walid Stadium has a 35,000-seat capacity. The stadium is home to both football clubs.

Latakia

Latakia ( "al-Lādhiqīyah"), is the main port city of Syria. It is the 4th largest city in Syria after Aleppo, Damascus and Homs with 383,786 inhabitants. It is the capital of the Latakia Governorate. Tishreen University is in the city.

Latakia is the home city of two football clubs: Teshrin Sports Club was founded in 1947, and Hutteen Sports Club was founded in 1945. Both teams play in the al-Assad Stadium. There is also Latakia Sports City complex. It was built in 1987 to host the 1987 Mediterranean Games.

Tripoli, Lebanon

Tripoli (Formal / ALA-LC: "Ṭarābulus"; Lebanese Arabic: "Ṭrāblus"; / "Tripolis") is the largest city in northern Lebanon and the second-largest city in Lebanon. It is the capital of the North Governorate and the Tripoli District. It has the second largest port in Lebanon.

About 80 percent of the people who live in the city are Sunni Muslims, as well as Alawite Muslims (approximately 15%), and a small percentage of Orthodox and Maronite Christians (approximately 5%).

Deir ez-Zor

Deir ez-Zor , also spelled Dayr al-Zawr, Der Ezzor, Deir Azzor, and other variants (; , , , "Ter Zor"), is the 7th largest city in Syria and the largest in the eastern part of Syria. It is the capital of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. There were 211,857 people in 2004. It is on the shores of Euphrates River.

The city is famous for the Deir ez-Zor suspension bridge across the Euphrates. It was completed in 1927. The Deir ez-Zor Museum keeps thousands of items collected from nearby archeological sites in Northern Mesopotamia. Main campuses of Al-Furat University and Al-Jazeera University are also there.

Tartus

Tartus ( / ALA-LC: "Ṭarṭūs"; also known as Tartous) is a city on the Mediterranean coast of Syria. It is the second largest port city in Syria (after Latakia), with 115,769 inhabitants (2004 census). It is on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea.

Sirte

Sirte (also spelled "Sirt", "Surt", "Sert" or "Syrte", pronounced ; ; from ) is a city in Libya. It is on the south coast of the Gulf of Sidra.

The city was the final major stronghold of Gaddafi loyalists in the Libyan civil war.

Muammar al-Gaddafi, former leader of Libya, was born there. Gaddafi was killed there by rebel forces on 20 October 2011.

Benghazi

Benghazi is a city and district in Libya. It is the second largest city in the country with 670,797 people (2006). It is also the capital of the Cyrenaica region. It was the former provisional capital of the National Transitional Council. It is on the Mediterranean Sea.

The oldest university in Libya is the University of Libya in the city. Libyan International Medical University is the first accredited private medical university.

Two of Libya's most-successful football clubs are in the city. They are Al-Ahly Benghazi and Al-Nasr. The two teams have won the Libyan Premier League five times.

Misrata

Misrata ( , Libyan Arabic: ), also known as Misurata or Misratah, is a city in northwestern Libya. It is in the Misrata District.

With a population of 281,000, Misrata is the in Libya, after Tripoli and Benghazi. 

Misrata University is in the city.



Ne-Yo

Shaffer Chimere Smith (born on October 18, 1979 in Camden, Arkansas), better known as Ne-Yo, is a Grammy Award-winning American singer who sings R&B. In 2004 he wrote "Let Me Love You" for Mario. It was number one in the "Billboard" Hot 100 for nine weeks. After this, Def Jam Recordings signed him. His debut album, "In My Own Words", was released during 2006. Other albums then followed. In 2009, "Billboard" ranked him as the 57th Artist of the 2000s decade.

He is known for songs like "So Sick", "When You're Mad", "Closer", "Miss Independent", "Let's Go" and "Give Me Everything". The first and last song both reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.


Sage Stallone

Sage Stallone (May 5, 1976 - July 13, 2012) was an American movie actor. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He began acting in 1990 and was also a movie producer. He died in Studio City, Los Angeles of a heart attack caused by atherosclerosis. He was the elder son of Sylvester Stallone.

Yuri Shevchuk

Yuri Shevchuk (), born 16 May 1957, is a Soviet and Russian singer/songwriter. He is the leader of rock band DDT, which he founded in 1980. 

Shevchuk was born in Magadan region and raised in Ufa. Now he lives in St. Petersburg, Russia. 

He is known as one of the greatest song-writers in modern Russia. 

Shevchuk is very critical of the Vladimir Putin's government.


DDT (band)

DDT (or ДДТ in Cyrillic) is a popular Russian rock band founded in 1980. The leader is Yuri Shevchuk. It is one of the most successful and famous Russian musical groups.

The band was formed in 1980.

Although they never considered themselves political activists, Shevchuk always addresses the problems of his country. DDT always worked as a "non-conformist" group, producing albums and giving concerts throughout the world.

In 1988 DDT made their first visit to the U.S., their concert in Los Angeles was covered by MTV.

In 1992 DDT released the album "Spring the Actress". This album contained famous hits, especially "Shto takoe osen'" (What is Autumn), "Dozd'" (Rain) and "Rodina" (Motherland).

In May 1998, the band presented the new album "World number zero" which contained influences from industrial music and a wide use of computer technologies.

In 2011, DDT released the album "Otherwise".


Mark Teixeira

Mark Charles Teixeira (born April 11, 1980) plays American Major League Baseball. He has played first and third bases and the outfield. He was born in Annapolis, Maryland. He played college ball for Georgia Tech. In 2001 he won the Dick Howser Trophy as the national collegiate baseball player of the year. He has played professsional ball with the Texas Rangers, the Atlanta Braves, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, and the New York Yankees. Teixeira is of Portuguese-American descent. He, his wife, and their three children live in Greenwich, Connecticut. He likes hunting, fishing, golfing, and reading. He is a Christian and likes Broadway musicals.

Crotalus oreganus

Crotalus oreganus (commonly known as the western rattlesnake) is a species of venomous Pit viper. There are currently six subspecies recognized, not including the nominate subspecies.

The Western Rattlesnake is a large species of the Crotalus.They can reach to the size of 100 centimeters (39 in) in length, but the longest ever found was the size of 162.6 centimeters (64 in). They are usually dark brown, dark gray, or olive brown in color, covered with dark blotches and uneven white edges.

The Western Rattlesnake eats mainly rodents like the mouse, the rat, and the squirrel, but it also eats rabbits and small birds.

Some of the Western Rattlesnakes names included the "Northern Pacific Rattlesnake", the "Black Diamond Rattlesnake", the "Arizona Diamond Rattlesnake", the "California Rattlesnake", the "Hallowell's Rattlesnake",and the "Oregon Rattlesnake".

The Western Rattlesnake is found in North America, from southwestern Canada, western U.S.A, and northern Mexico.In Canada it is found in southern British Columbia. In the U.S.A it is found in Washington, Oregon, western and southern Idaho, California, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona. In northern Mexico it is found in western Baja California.


Bharata Natyam

Bharatanatyam, is an Indian classical dance.

Both male and female dancers perform this dance. The classical Indian story-dance can be used to express a complex range of emotions which respond to the actions of the male heroes.

This classical Indian dance attracts interest and study in India and other parts of the world, including China Europe and North America.

"Bharatanatyam" comes from the state of Tamil Nadu.uwu 

The dance’s origins are recorded in Tamil literary texts of the sixth century BC. It was revived in the late 18th century and again in the early 20th century.

(The etymology in #1 below for "Bharata" is spurious. It only makes sense with the English spelling/pronunciation of "Bha", "Ra", and "Ta", which would be "Bhā-rā-tā. The actual pronunciation is Bhə-rə-tə which does not make for a good story).

The name was invented in the twentieth century by the great dancer Rukmini Devi and others. It is supposed to indicate that this style was the original style described in a book on Natya by the sage Bharata, i.e. "Bharata's Dance". The text describes poses but in the absence of illustration, the exact poses had to be re-imagined -- the quality of this re-imagination is a tribute to the intellectual and aesthetic abilities of Rukmini Devi and her teachers, but there is no other link between Bharatanatyam now and the dances described in ancient Tamil texts.

The re-imagined dance form was largely based on "Sadir-attam," the dances performed by temple "devavdasis," whose status had fallen over many centuries and under British non-comprehension of its cultural roots. Sadir-attam itself was the name given to the dance during its eighteenth century revival under the sponsorship of Raja Serfoji of Tanjore.

The knowledge of the ancient dance was maintained by the caste of devadasis, but as an oral and terpsichorean tradition, without writing. As such, documentation of the historic relationship between those dances and contemporary Bharatanatyam is scant.


Mount Whymper (Edward)

Mount Whymper, 2.844 m, is a mountain on the Canadian Rocky Mountains in British Columbia, Canada. It is in the Vermilion Pass area, Kootenay National Park.

The mountain is named for its first conqueror, the English alpinist, explorer, writer and engraver Edward Whymper.

In 1901, Whymper and his four guides (Joseph Bossoney, Christian Kaufmann, Christian Klucker, and James Pollinger) first climbed Mount Whymper. It was renamed to honour him. Before the mountain was named "Mount Lefroy". Whymper was exploring the area sponsored by Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) to promote the Canadian Rocky Mountains and the railway in his conferences.

There is another Mount Whymper in British Columbia, on Vancouver Island. It is named for Edward's brother Frederick Whymper.

Mount Whymper (Frederick)

Mount Whymper is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. It is the highest point in Canada south of the 49th parallel. It is between the headwaters of the Chemainus River and the South Nanaimo River. This is north of Honeymoon Bay.

The mountain was named in 1864 for Frederick Whymper. He went with Robert Brown on the Vancouver Island Exploring Expedition

There is another Mount Whymper in British Columbia. It is named for Frederick's brother Edward Whymper.

Stanley Peak (Ball Range)

Stanley Peak is a 3,155 m high mountain (10,335 ft) located in the Ball Range, at the northeastern section of Kootenay National Park, in Canadian Rocky Mountains (British Columbia / Canada). 

The mountain was named in 1901 by its first climber, the English explorer Edward Whymper, after Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby, the sixth Governor-General of Canada. There are sources that date the namimg in 1912 after Stanley H. Mitchell, Secretary-Treasurer of Alpine Club of Canada.

The peak is visible from the Trans-Canada Highway and Highway 93. Stanley Glacier on the northeast face of the peak can be seen up close by following a hiking trail into a hanging valley between the peak and a southern outlier of Storm Mountain.

Stanley Peak can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but involves much route-finding among the many ledges and gullies on the north face. Climbing routes (UIAA III) travel the north and northeast faces.

There are another two peaks in British Columbia called Stanley Peak. One is 2,935 m high, located at the Squamish-Lillooet regional district (), 24 km north-west from Keyhole Falls and 62 km west from Gold Bridge. 

The other is 2,030 m high, in the Stikine region () (90 km north-west from Skagway, Alaska).

Park Yeong-hyo

Park Yung-hyo or Bak Young-hyo (; 1861 – 21 September 1939) was a politician and independence activist during the Joseon dynasty of Korea. He was one of the organizers of the Gapsin coup in 1884. His nickname was Chungo (;), Hyunhyungeosa (;). His real name was Muryang (;). His Japanese name was Yamajaki Eiharu ().

Yeong-hyo was the designer of the national flag of Korea ("Taegukki"; ;) in 1882. Park was married to Princess Yeonghye. She was the illegitimate daughter of king Chuljong of Joseon, the 25th king of the Joseon dynasty.


Keith Thomas

Keith Thomas (born in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American record producer and songwriter. He has won several Grammy Awards for songs he wrote. He currently lives in Nashville, Tennessee.


Promotional recording

A promotional recording (or promo), is an audio or video recording that is released for free. They are released to promote a song that will be released through an album. Promos are sent to broadcasters, such as music radios, television stations, tastemakers, DJs, and music journalists. Recording labels perform this for their artist(s) to achieve airplay, positive reviews, and other exposure for fame. 

Promos are often released in plain packaging. This means that a artwork or text may not appear on the cover. Most promos are marked with "Licensed for promotional use only. Sale is prohibited." In some cases, promos may ask the owner to return the promo back to the record label. However, it is not against the law to sell promotional recordings. There has been recalls of promos, but this is rare and not forced by recording labels.

Because promos are released in smaller quantities than CD singles, they are sometimes considered a collectors item. They are never released in record stores. Promotional recordings, in terms of airplay, can chart on the US Hot 100 Airplay and not the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. This is because, the promotional recordings are not released physically.

Sinai Peninsula

The Sinai Peninsula or Sinai ( "Sīnā"), is a triangular peninsula in Egypt. It is about in area. It is between the Mediterranean Sea to the north and the Red Sea to the south. It is the only part of Egyptian territory located in Asia. This is because the Sinai is known as a land bridge between the two continents of Africa and Asia. There are approximately 500,000 people living there. Egyptians refer to it as the "Land of Fayrouz", based on the Ancient Egyptian "Dumafkat".

There have been several battles in the region. The Sinai has been under the rule by Egyptian governments, including the Ayyubids, the Mamluks, the Muhammad Ali Dynasty, and the modern Egyptian republic. It was also controlled by the Ottoman Empire, and the United Kingdom from 1882 to 1956. Israel invaded and took over Sinai during the 1956 Suez Crisis (known in Egypt as the Tripartite Aggression) and during the 1967 Six Day War. On October 6, 1973, Egypt began the October War to allow the Sinai to be a free nation.

In 1982, after the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty of 1979, Israel left Sinai. Since Israel's departure, the region became a tourist destination. This was because of its natural setting, their coral reefs, and biblical history. Mount Sinai is a sacred place in Abrahamic religion.



Gauss's law

Gauss's law (or Gauss's flux theorem) is a law of physics. The law is about the relationship between electric charge and the resulting electric field. In words, Gauss's law states that:

The law was created by Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1835. However, it was not published until 1867. It is one of the four Maxwell's equations on classical electrodynamics. The other three are Gauss's law for magnetism, Faraday's law of induction, and Ampère's circuital law.


Wushu (sport)

Wushu is a sport that is originated from traditional Chinese martial arts. It was created in China after 1949. It was created to nationalize the practice of traditional Chinese martial arts. Most of the competitions had influences of martial arts. This was created by government committees. Wushu has become an international sport through the International Wushu Federation (IWUF). The IWUF holds the World Wushu Championships every two years. The first World Championships were held in 1991 in Beijing.

Competitive wushu is made up of two disciplines: taolu (套路; "forms") and sanda (散打; sparring). Taolu involves martial arts routines. These are judged and given points according to specific rules on quality and difficulty of movements. The movements could be stances, kicks, punches, balances, jumps, sweeps and throws. Competitive forms have time limits that can range from 1 minute, 20 seconds to over five minutes. Modern wushu competitors practice jumping techniques such as 540 and 720 and even 900 degree jumps and kicks.

Sanda (sometimes called sanshou or Lei tai) is a modern fighting method and sport. It was influenced by traditional Chinese boxing, Chinese wrestling and Chinese grappling. Sanda has all the combat features of wushu. Sanda is similar to kickboxing or Muay Thai, but it involves more grappling techniques. Sanda competitions are often held alongside taolu competitions.



