Tirana County

Tirana County (), formally the County of Tirana (), the county is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts Kavajë and Tirana. The capital is Tirana. There are 800,347 people. It has the most people of the Counties of Albania.

Ishëm River and the Tiranë River both flow through the city.

Dajti National Park is 26 km east of the capital of Tirana.

Vlorë County

The County of Vlorë is one of the 12 counties of Albania. It has the districts Delvinë, Sarandë and Vlorë. The capital is Vlorë. There are about 211,773 people who live here.
Vlorë's western and southern edges are the shorelines of the Strait of Otranto. It also has a small border with Greece. There are some Greek people who live here. 

Berat

Berat is a town in south-central Albania. It is the capital of both the District of Berat and the larger County of Berat. About 71,000 people live here. Berat is on the right bank of the river Osum.

Peshkopi

Peshkopi is a city in Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania. It is the capital of both.

It is away from Tirana, the capital of Albania, and from North Macedonia. About 14,100 people live here.

Peshkopi is east of the Black Drin river.

There is a branch of Aleksandër Moisiu University.

List of World Heritage Sites in Japan

The List of World Heritage Sites in Japan is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Japan agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention on 30 June 1992.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2012, there are 16 WHS places in Japan. 

There are 12 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.


In January 2012 the Japanese government requested the inscription of the tentative sites of Kamakura and Mount Fuji in 2013, with plans to request the inscription in 2014 of The Tomioka Silk Mill and Related Industrial Heritage. The Amami and Ryūkyū Islands (Yanbaru) have been selected for nomination as a joint fifth Natural Site and a study panel is to be formed to consider a sixth candidate site.



Fier

Fieri is a city in southwest Albania. It is the capital of the district and county of the same name. About 82,297 people live in Fier. Fier is from the ruins of the ancient Greek city of Apollonia.

Gjirokastër

Gjirokastër is a city in southern Albania. There are about 43,000 people who live here. It is the capital of both the Gjirokastër District and the larger Gjirokastër County. Gjirokastër is between the Gjerë mountains and the Drino River. The Eqerem Çabej University is in the city.

Korçë

Korçë is a city in southeastern Albania. It is the capital of the Korçë District. About 105,000 people live here. It is the sixth largest city in Albania.

The city has Fan Noli University.

Kukës

Kukës is a city in Albania. It the capital of Kukës District and Kukës County. About 16,000 people live here. The city is in the mountains of northern Albania. It is famous because during the Kosovo conflict they took 450,000 refugees from Kosovo (Serbia). Because of this, it was nominated for the 2000 Nobel Peace Prize. It was the first time a city was nominated for the prize.

The Kukës city was formed in 2015 by the merger of the former municipalities Arrën, Bicaj, Bushtricë, Grykë-Çajë, Kalis, Kolsh, Kukës, Malzi, Shishtavec, Shtiqën, Surroj, Tërthore, Topojan, Ujmisht and Zapod, that became municipal units. 

The city and had a total population of 47,985 people as of 2011.

Kukës County is Albania's poorest region both historically and presently.

In 2017, the city applied for the 2018 European Green Capital Award to become Europe's Green Capital.


Lezhë

Lezhë is a city in northwest Albania. It is the capital of Lezhë District and Lezhë County. About 27,500 people live here. The majority of the population is Catholic.

The city was formed around 385 BC as a Greek colony by the name of Lissos.

385 BC

Year 385 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Tribunate of Capitolinus, Cornelius, Capitolinus, Papirius, Capitolinus and Fidenas

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>

Tap dance

Tap dancing is a type of dance. Its main feature is the sound made by tap shoes hitting the floor. Tap dancers wear special shoes with metal pieces on the toes and heels. 

There are two main types of tap dance: rhythm (Jazz) tap and Broadway tap. Broadway tap is more about the dance. It is often done in musical theater. Rhythm tap is more about the sound of the tapping.

In tap dancing dancers use their shoes to tap the floor like drummers. The sound you get from the tap shoe depends on how hard you hit the floor, and what part of your foot you use.

Mishima, Shizuoka

In the Edo period, "Mishima-juku" was the 11th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.



Shkodër

Shkodër is a city in northwestern Albania. It is the capital of Shkodër District. It is one of the oldest towns in Albania. There are about 74,876 people in the city. It is near the Lake of Shkodër. 

Luigj Gurakuqi University of Shkodër is in the city. It is an important school in Albania. Shkodër is also the home of Loro-Boriçi Stadium, the second biggest stadium in Albania. The majority of the population is Catholic.

Isadora Duncan

Isadora Duncan (May 27, 1877 – September 14, 1927) was an American dancer. She was an inspiration for modern dance.

Duncan was born in San Francisco, California. She preferred natural movement, instead of what she called the artificial movements of ballet. Her 'free dance movement' was based on simple, flowing movements of the body. It was inspired by nature, and by ancient Greek sculptures. Costumes were flowing and transparent. Dances involved simple runs, skips and jumps, big gestures and mime.

Duncan was wildly unconventional. A bisexual who had two children but did not marry either of their fathers, she became a communist, and boasted about it. She went to the Soviet Union in 1922, but left in less than two years. At different times she lived in Paris, London and other European cities. She started dance schools in Moscow, Berlin and Paris. The schools did not last long, but Duncan had admirers who have continued her influence to the present day.

Duncan's private life was tragic. Both her children were killed in a strange accident on the River Seine in 1913. The children were in a car with their nanny when the car stalled as the driver tried to avoid a collision. He got out to hand-crank the engine, but forgot to put the brake on. The car rolled across the road, down the bank and into the river. The children and their nanny drowned. Duncan married poet Sergei Yesenin (1895–1925) in 1922. He left her in 1923, and hanged himself two years later.

Duncan liked long, flowing scarves. One of these scarves caused her own death. As "The New York Times" noted in its obituary: "Isadora Duncan, the American dancer, tonight met a tragic death at Nice on the Riviera. According to dispatches from Nice, Miss Duncan was hurled in an extraordinary manner from an open automobile in which she was riding and instantly killed". At her death, Duncan was a Soviet citizen.

Born in the United States, she lived in Europe from the age of 22 until her death at age 50. In the United States she was popular only in New York, and then only later in her life.

Her work was continued by some of her six adopted daughters. They were her pupils, the Isadorables, who continued to teach her methods after her death. There have been several revivals of interest in Duncan. There was a film, "Isadora" (1969) by Karl Reisz. There were two ballets. "Five Brahms Waltzes in the Manner of Isadora" by Frederick Ashton had its first show in 1976. Kenneth Macmillan created a two-act ballet "Isadora" for the Royal Ballet (1981).

In New York her tradition has passed to third generation Duncan dancer Lori Belilove. She founded The Isadora Duncan Dance Foundation in 1979 and The Isadora Duncan Dance Company in 1989.

Her ideas on natural dance influenced a wide range of other dancers. Some of the ideas of the Denishawn School of Dancing are quite Duncanesque, and the growth of modern dance in general owes something to her.


Berat District

The District of Berat is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Berat County. About 117,066 people live in the district. The capital is Berat. Other cities in this district are Polican and Ura Vajgurore. 

Kuçovë District

The District of Kuçovë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Berat County. About 34,907 people live in the district. The capital is Kuçovë.

Bulqizë District

The District of Bulqizë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Dibër County. About 28,374, people live in the district.The capital is Bulqizë.

Delvinë District

The District of Delvinë or District of Delvina is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Vlorë County. About 11,985 people live in the district. Many of them are Greek. The capital is Delvinë. 

Devoll District

The District of Devoll is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Korçë County. The name is from the Devoll River flowing through the valley. About 33,785 people live in the district. The capital is Bilisht. 

Dibër District

The District of Dibër is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Dibër County. About 62,825, people live her. The capital is Peshkopi.

Raveena Tandon

Raveena Tandon (born 26 October 1974) is an Indian Bollywood actress, and producer. She used to be a model. Her first acting role was in the movie "Pathhar Ke Phool" in 1991. Since then has starred in many movies.


Myles Standish

Myles Standish (1584 1656) was an English military officer who was selected to defend the Pilgrims in the New World He travelled on the Mayflower in 1620 and signed the Mayflower Compact. Standish became a assistant governor, and a treasurer of Plymouth Colony.

Standish's place of birth is uncertain. In his will he mentions Lancashire. Nathaniel Morton, secretary of Plymouth Colony, wrote that Standish was born in Lancashire.

Standish was a soldier and fought against the Spanish in the Eighty Years' War.

Standish and his wife did not believe in the Church of England and in 1608 they moved to Leiden Netherlands. After some years, they became concerned because their children were losing their English customs and culture. Since their religion was outlawed in England, they decided to travel to the New World.

There were many people in Leiden who did not believe in the Church of England and they also wanted to travel to the New World. They looked to employ someone who would protect them in the New World. They first asked John Smith. Smith was one of the founders of the English colony at Jamestown, Virginia. He had explored and made a map of the North American coast. Smith's experience would have helped them but he asked for too much money. He was also too bold and they feared he might try to rule over them. They asked Standish instead and he agreed to help protect them. They decided to hire the ship "Mayflower" to take them on their long voyage.

The "Mayflower" left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" saw land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other.

While the Mayflower was anchored off Cape Cod, Standish took some men ashore to find a good place for all to live.

William Bradford wrote of one of the exploration missions. They were Bradford, John Carver, Myles Standish, Edward Winslow, John Howland, Richard Warren, Stephen Hopkins and Edward Doty set off in small boats. Hopkins was the most experienced because he had seen Native Americans during his time at Jamestown. Bradford said they set off in below freezing temperatures. Many of the men were ill, and when they left the salt spray froze on their coats. During their trip they saw Native Americans who appeared to be cutting up a whale which was very large. When they saw the men approaching the Indians fled. At night they tried to protect themselves from the cold and the Indians.

After more trips in late December 1620 they picked a place to live. Standish gave good advice and they built a small fort and placed cannon for protection against any who might try to harm them. Standish's wife, Rose, died in January.

Many passengers were sick but Standish stayed healthy. Standish was a source of great comfort and strength to those who suffered. Standish helped to care Bradford when he was sick and they became good friends. Bradford held the position of governor for most of his life and worked closely with Standish.

In March of 1621, a Native American named Samoset came to the colony and spoke to the people in English. He stayed one day and talked with the leaders about many things. When he returned he brought the tribe leader Massasoit to meet with the Pilgrims. Governor John Carver, signed a treaty with this chief and they became friends. They all promised to help and defend each other. 

In August 1621 a leader named Corbitant tried to turn the people of Nemasket against Massasoit. Standish led a group of ten men to kill Corbitant. Three Native Americans, Squanto, Hobomock and Tisquantum went with them. When Tisquantum and Hobbamock went to Nemasket, Corbitant took Tisquantum captive and threatened to kill him. Hobbamock got away and warned the people of Plymouth.

Standish planned an attack. Standish and Hobbamock went to where they thought Corbitant would be sleeping but he had already fled the village. They did not kill Corbitant but because the colonist were willing to fight, if necessary, nine other leaders, and Corbitant, signed a treaty with the leaders of Plymouth.

In November 1621, a Narragansett messenger came to Plymouth with a bundle of arrows wrapped in a snakeskin. The Pilgrims were told by Tisquantum and Hobbamock that this was a threat and an insult from the Narragansett leader who was called Canonicus. This was one of the more powerful tribes in the area. Bradford sent back the snakeskin filled with gunpowder to show them they were not afraid. Standish told the colonists to prepare for a possible fight. The ship "Fortune" had brought some more men to the colony but there were still not very many men. Standish put one man to each wall and gave them orders on how to protect themselves and the people in case of an attack.

Bradford called a public meeting. The Pilgrims decided to send Standish and a small group of eight, including Hobbamock, to Wessagusset to kill the leaders who wanted kill them. The day after Pecksuot, a Massachusett warrior and leader of the group who threatened Wessagusset, came to the settlement with other warriors. Pecksuot approached Standish and, looking down on him, said, "You are a great captain, yet you are but a little man. Though I not a chief, I am of great strength and courage." He said this to make Standish afraid of him. The next day, Standish attacked Pecksuot, and stabbed him with the Native American's own knife. Standish returned to Plymouth. The leaders who wished them harm had been killed and there was no more threat. The attack also caused many of the unfriendly Native Americans to leave the area.

Standish showed great courage and skill as a soldier but sometimes was too harsh with the Native Americans. This would make both the Native Americans and the members of the colony angry.

By the 1640s, Standish was leading a quiet life on his farm in Duxbury. Standish also served as a surveyor of highways, as Treasurer of the Colony from 1644 to 1649. In 1642, his old friend Hobbamock, who had been part of his household, died and was buried on Standish's farm in Duxbury.

Standish put Lieutenant William Holmes in charge of training the men. He died in his home in 1656. He was buried in Duxbury's Old Burying Ground, now known as the Myles Standish Burial Ground.
Standish's first wife, Rose, died in 1621. She was buried in an unmarked grave at Cole's Hill as were many others who died the first winter and named on the Pilgrim Memorial Tomb as "Rose, first wife of Myles Standish".

Standish then married Barbara who died in 1659 They had seven children and her burial place is unknown. Their children were named, Charles, John, Myles, Loara, and Josiah and (again) Charles. The first child named Charles died.

There are two monuments to Myles Standish. One is placed over his grave at the Myles Standish Burial Ground.
The site of Myles Standish's house is now in a small park in the town of Duxbury, Massachusetts.

Standish, Maine, is named after Myles Standish. There are two forts named after Standish: a fort on Plymouth's Saquish Neck built during the American Civil War and a larger fort built in Boston Harbor in 1895.


Scientific revolution

The scientific revolution was a time (15501700) after the Middle Ages and the Renaissance when many discoveries were made. During this time, new ideas and discoveries fundamentally changed the way people thought. They started what is called science today. Better printing presses after Gutenberg's time caused a great rise in publishing. This period roughly lasted from the 16th to the 18th century. 

Galileo Galilei invented kinematics and disproved Aristotle's old theory of gravity. One of his students said he dropped two balls of iron (one weighing one pound, the other a hundred) off the leaning tower of Pisa. The objects fell at the same speed which brought about new methods of thinking. In 1542, Nicolaus Copernicus published his work "On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres", in which he said that not the Earth, but the Sun was at the center of the universe. This theory is known as Heliocentrism today. In the same year, Andreas Vesalius published his work "On the Structure of the Human Body". This book is about the anatomy of the human body. 

The philosopher Alexandre Koyré (18921964) first used the term 'scientific revolution' for this time period.


Jack the Giant Slayer (movie)

Jack the Giant Killer is a 2013 fantasy/adventure movie. It stars Nicholas Hoult as the title character. This movie is based on the fairy tale of the same name.

Dick Jones

Richard Percy "Dick" Jones (February 25, 1927 – June 30, 1965) was an American actor. He voiced Pinocchio in the second animated Disney movie, "Pinocchio".

Jones died at his home on June 30, 1965 from complications from a fall at the age of 38.

Carolyn Hennesy

Carolyn Hennesy (born June 10, 1962) is an American actress. She was the voice of Bambi's mother in the movie "Bambi II".


Papillon

Papillon might mean:

Durrës District

The District of Durrës is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Durrës County. There are 242,801 people who live here. The capital is Durrës. 

Elbasan District

The District of Elbasan is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Elbasan County. There are 224,689 people who live in the district. The capital is Elbasan. 

Fier District

The District of Fier is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Fier County. There are199,442 people who live here. The capital is Fier. 

Gjirokastër District

The District of Gjirokastër is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. There are about 56,720 people. Many of its people are Greek. The capital is Gjirokastër. It is part of Gjirokastër County.

Gramsh District

The District of Gramsh is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Elbasan County. There are 24,230 people. The capital is Gramsh.

Has District

The District of Has is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is one of the smallest districts. There are 17,419 people.It is part of Kukës County. The capital and only municipality is Krumë.

Kavajë District

The District of Kavajë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Tirana County. There are 82,921 people. The capital is Kavajë.

Kolonjë District

The Kolonjë District is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Korçë County. There are 14,318 people. The capital is Ersekë. 

Korçë District

The District of Korçë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is the second-largest district. 138,898 people live in the Korce District. The capital is Korçë.

Krujë District

The District of Krujë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Durrës County. There are 67,698 people. The capital is Krujë.

Kukës District

The District of Kukës is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. There are 45,616 people. The capital is Kukës.

Kurbin District

The District of Kurbin is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Lezhë County. There are 54,977 people. The capital is Laç. The majority of the population is Catholic.

Lezhë District

The District of Lezhë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Lezhë County. There are 77,184 people. The capital is Lezhë. The majority of the population is Catholic.

Librazhd District

The District of Librazhd is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Elbasan County. There are 63,192 people. The capital is Librazhd.

Lushnjë District

The District of Lushnjë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Fier County. There are 143,276 people. The capital is Lushnjë. 

American Bandstand

American Bandstand is an American music and amateur dance show. It was televised in various versions from 1952 to 1989. It was hosted from 1956 until its final season by Dick Clark. He was also its producer. The show "starred" teenagers off the street dancing to Top 40 hits introduced by Clark. At least one popular musical act would usually appear in person to lip sync one of their latest hits. Dick Clark became an American media mogul as a result of the show. It also inspired similar music programs, such as "Soul Train" and "Top of the Pops".

Malësi e Madhe District

The Malësi e Madhe District is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Shkodër County. There are 36,091 people. The capital is Koplik. This district borders Montenegro and the majority of the population is Catholic.

Mallakastër District

The District of Mallakastër is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Fier County. There are 31,356 people. The capital is Ballsh. 

Mat District

The District of Mat is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Dibër County. It is named after the Mat River, that flows through the district. There are 48,803 people. The capital is Burrel.

Mirditë District

The District of Mirditë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Lezhë County. There are 26,668 people. The capital is Rrëshen. The region is known as a stronghold of devout Roman Catholicism and is the center of Catholics in Albania today.

Peqin District

The District of Peqin is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Elbasan County. There are 31,004 people. The capital is Peqin.

Përmet District

The District of Përmet is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Gjirokastër County. There are 22,029 people. The capital is Përmet.

Pogradec District

The District of Pogradec is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Korçë County. There are 70,575 people. The capital is Pogradec.

Pukë District

The District of Pukë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Shkodër County. There are 24,323 people. The capital is Pukë. 

Sarandë District

The District of Sarandë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is in Vlorë County. There are 48,474 people. The capital is the city of Sarandë.

Shkodër District

The District of Shkodër is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Shkodër County. There are 185,646 people. The capital is Shkodër. 

Skrapar District

The District of Skrapar is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Berat County. There are 10,200 people. The capital is Çorovodë.

Tepelenë District

The District of Tepelenë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Gjirokastër County. There are 23,800 people. The capital is Tepelenë. 

Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest

Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest (which was earlier called Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve) is a New Year's show that was originally hosted by Dick Clark until he had a stroke during 2004. It airs on ABC. It takes place in Times Square on December 31 of every year. It shows the yearly New Year's Eve ball drop. On December 31, 2004, Regis Philbin hosted the show because of Clark's stroke. The show has been hosted by Ryan Seacrest on New Year's Eve since December 31, 2005. Seacrest hosted with Clark until Clark's death in 2012.

Singer Rita Ora and Comedian Jeannie Mai have reported for this show from Los Angeles and Times Square, respectively.

In the December 31, 1999 show, it was called "ABC 2000 Today" because 2000 would mark a new millennium. Peter Jennings hosted this show.


Tirana District

The District of Tirana is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Tirana County. There are 717,426 people living there. people. The capital is Tirana.

Tropojë District

The District of Tropojë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Kukës County. There are 16,260 people. The capital is Bajram Curri.

Vlorë District

The District of Vlorë is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania. It is part of Vlorë County. There are 151,314 people. The capital is Vlorë.

Albanian Armed Forces

The Albanian Armed Forces were formed after the declaration of independence in 1912. There is the General Staff, the Albanian Army, the Albanian Air Force and the Albanian Naval Defense Forces.

The Albanian Army is helped by the United States, Germany, the Netherlands, Italy, the United Kingdom, Greece, Turkey, Switzerland, Denmark and Belgium.

Although there were earlier Albanian armies the modern forces were founded in 1912.

In 1928 it had 8.000 soldiers.

The army grew up to 511.000 soldiers during the communist era due to forced conscription.

There are 14,500 troops and 2,000 civilians, trained to NATO standards.

Mount Korab

Mount Korab is the highest mountain of North Macedonia and Albania. Its peak is a border between the two countries. 

Mount Korab is pictured in the Coat of arms of North Macedonia.

Albanian lek

The lek is the money used in Albania. For values higher than 1 it is called "lekë". 100 qindarka make 1 lek but qindarka are not used any more.

The lek was formed in 1926 by King Zog and it is named after Alexander the Great.


Principality of Arbër

The Principality of Arbër, also known as Arbanon or Arbëria, was the first Albanian state. It existed during the Middle Ages. It was formed around 1190. The Principality ended in 1255.

League of Lezhë

The League of Lezhë (2 March 1444 – 25 April 1479) was a group of Albanian principalities. It was formed in Lezhë on 2 March 1444. It was the first time most of Albania was united. It was started by Skanderbeg to fight the Ottoman Armies.

Yttrium(III) oxide

Yttrium oxide is YO. It is an air-stable, white solid substance. Yttrium oxide is used as a common starting material for both materials science as well as inorganic compounds.


Karen Allen

Karen Allen (born October 5, 1951 in Carrollton, Illinois) is a theatre and movie actress. Mainly a stage actress, she started by playing small parts in movies. She is best known as Marion Ravenwood in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981). Allen also costarred in the sequels "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" (2008), and "Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny" (2023).

Bullet to the Head

Bullet to the Head is a 2012 action thriller movie. Sylvester Stallone and Christian Slater star. The earlier plays a hitman.

In New Orleans, hitman Jimmy Bobo and his partner Louis Blanchard kill a corrupt former Washington, D.C. policeman, Hank Greely. Bobo leaves a prostitute, Lola, alive. Later, at a bar, Blanchard is murdered by a man named Keegan. The man also threatens to kill Bobo.

Bobo and Detective Taylor Kwon meet each other in a bar. Kwon informs Bobo he knows Bobo and Blanchard killed Greely. Bobo leaves, and Kwon tries to follow him. Kwon is attacked by corrupt cops who were ordered by a man named Robert Morel to prevent Kwon from further investigating about Greely. Bobo rescues Kwon and takes him to a tattoo parlor. There, Bobo's estranged daughter, Lisa, treats Kwon's wounds. They later go to a massage parlor, where Bobo interrogates a middleman named Ronnie Earl, the man who hired Bobo and Blanchard on Morel's behalf. Ronnie Earl tries to kill Bobo. Bobo then kills Ronnie Earl, though his gun jams.

Bobo and Kwon agree to work together. They kidnap Morel's lawyer Marcus Baptiste and take him to Bobo's house. Baptiste is forced to give them a USB flash drive, which details Morel's plans to acquire housing projects and demolish them. Baptiste reveals Keegan is an ex-mercenary hired to be Morel's enforcer. After that, Bobo shoots him in the head.


Rotten Tomatoes gave "Bullet to the Head" a 47% rating. Metacritic gave the movie a 48 score, meaning "mixed or average reviews". Jay Weissberg of "Variety" magazine called it a "kickass actioner driven by personality rather than plot."

"Bullet to the Head" was Stallone's worst opening weekend box office in 32 years. The movie only took in almost $22 million, failing to bring back its $55 million budget.

Stallone was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor in this movie.

Christian Slater

Christian Slater (born August 18 1969) is an American movie actor. He has acted in many movies, which include "Broken Arrow", "" and "Heathers".


Respirator

A respirator is a kind of mask that is used to protect someone from breathing in dusts, fumes, or gases that might hurt them. Respirators come in many types and sizes. They are used by the military and industrial workers. 


Small shelly fossils

Small shelly fossils (SSF), or small shelly fauna, are tiny fossils, many only a few millimetres long. They have a record from the latest stages of the Ediacaran to the early Cambrian period. Almost all are from earlier rocks than more familiar fossils such as trilobites. Most SSFs were preserved by being covered quickly with phosphate. This method of preservation is mainly limited to the later Ediacaran and early Cambrian periods, so the animals that made them may have arisen earlier and continued after this time.

Some of the fossils represent the entire skeletons of small organisms, including the mysterious "Cloudina" and some snail-like molluscs. However, the bulk of the fossils are fragments or parts of larger organisms, including sponges, molluscs, slug-like halkieriids, brachiopods, echinoderms, and onychophoran-like organisms that may have been close to the ancestors of arthropods.

One of the early explanations for the appearance of the SSFs – and the evolution of mineralized skeletons – is a sudden increase in the ocean's concentration of calcium. However, many SSFs are made of other minerals, such as silica. The first SSFs appear around the same time as organisms first started burrowing to avoid predation, so it is likely that they represent early steps in an evolutionary arms race between predators and increasingly well-defended prey. Nevertheless, it is still true that the animals used minerals that were most easily accessible.

The small size and (usually) broken nature of SSFs makes them difficult to identify and classify. However, they provide evidence for how the main groups of marine invertebrates evolved, and for the pace and pattern of evolution in the Cambrian explosion. They include the earliest known representatives of some modern phyla, and they have the great advantage of presenting a nearly continuous record of early Cambrian organisms whose bodies include hard parts.

Bo Bice

Harold Elwin "Bo" Bice, Jr (born November 1, 1975) is an American singer. He was a runner-up on "American Idol".

In 2003, Bice was arrested for possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and public intoxication. He avoided jail time by agreeing to enter a drug program.

Walter Pidgeon

Walter Pidgeon (September 23, 1897 – September 25, 1984) was a Canadian actor. He was born in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. He starred in many movies, including "Forbidden Planet". He died in Santa Monica, California.

Albanians

The Albanians (Albanian: Shqiptarët) is a nation and ethnic group native to Albania and Kosovo, who speak Albanian language as their mother tongue. They also form a significant minority in North Macedonia. 

Albanians share a common ancestry, culture and history, the majority of ethnic Albanians are Muslim while a significant minority of them profess other religions such as Bektashi, and Catholics and Orthodox Christianity. Their National Hero is Skanderbeg. In the Ottoman Empire, Albanian Men were mostly represented in high ranks, like Muhammad Ali Pasha or Ali Pasha and the Köprülü family. 
The Albanian Dynasty House of Zogu, was founded by King Zog I of Albania.
Muslim Albanian boys get circumcised with a sünnet-ceremony, this was taken at the time of the Ottoman Empire

Greeks in Albania

The Greeks of Albania are ethnic Greeks who live in Albania. They are mostly in the south of the country.

The Greek language can only be spoken in 'minority zones'.

Treaty of London (1913)

The Treaty of London was a treaty signed on 30 May. It was to move the borders of countries after the First Balkan War.

The Balkan League won the war from the Ottoman Empire. The Balkan League was Serbia, Greece, Kingdom of Bulgaria, and Montenegro. One important border to decide was Albania. There was a declaration of independence by Albania on 28 November 1912. All of the Ottoman Empire, except Albania, was given to the Balkan League.

Because not everyone was happy with the Treaty of London, the Second Balkan War started on June 13. Peace came after theTreaty of Bucharest on 12 August 1913. It caused tension between the Allied Powers and Central Powers and help with start of the First World War

Kingdom of Bulgaria

The Tsardom of Bulgaria (), also called the Third Bulgarian Tsardom (), sometimes translated in English as Kingdom of Bulgaria (), was a constitutional monarchy in Southeastern Europe. It was established on 5 October (O.S. 22 September) 1908, when the Bulgarian state became a Tsardom.

Loretta Young

Loretta Young (born Gretchen Young, January 6, 1913 - August 12, 2000) was an American actress. Young was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, and moved to Hollywood, Los Angeles, California when she was three. Her sisters were actresses Polly Ann Young (1908-1997) and Sally Blane (1910-1997). 

Young won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in "The Farmer's Daughter". She won three Emmy Awards in the 1950s and a Golden Globe Award in 1986.

She was a devout Roman Catholic. She died of ovarian cancer in Los Angeles.

Constitution of Albania

The Constitution of Albania started on 28 November 1998. It made Albania a parliamentary republic. The constitution makes 140 deputies who elect the President of Albania and the Council of Ministers. The Council is the Prime Minister, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister.


President of Albania

The president of Albania (), officially styled President of the Republic of Albania () is the head of state, commander-in-chief of the military and the representative of the unity of the Albanian people.

The president has the power to set the date of the elections for the Parliament as well as referendum, grants pardons and awards.

Prime Minister of Albania

The prime minister of Albania (), officially styled Prime Minister of the Republic of Albania (), is the head of government of the Republic of Albania and as well the most powerful and influential person in Albanian politics. 

The prime minister holds the executive power of the nation and represents the Council of Ministers and chairs its meetings.

The prime minister is appointed by the President of Albania. 

The 33rd and current officeholder is Edi Rama, who started his first four-year-term on 15 September 2013.

Napa, California

Napa is a city in the U.S. state of California. It is the county seat of Napa County. 

Disney Parks, Experiences and Products

Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (formerly Walt Disney Parks and Resorts) is part of Disney Studios Corporation. 

The best well-known when, Disney sold their 50% of Disneyland and Walt Disney World, Disney Consumer Products began licensing the characters of Disney such as Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Pluto, Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, Snow White, Cinderella, Sheriff Woody, Buzz Lightyear, and Darth Vader among others for use in the parks.

It includes:


Madeleine Astor

Madeleine Astor (19 June 1893 – 27 March 1940) was an American socialite, who survived the sinking of the RMS Titanic. She was married to John Jacob Astor IV. Madeleine died on March 27, 1940. She died from heart failure, but some rumors say she overdosed on drugs.

Civil Rights Act of 1964

The Civil Rights Act was a law passed in the United States in 1964 by President Lyndon B Johnson. The law made it illegal to discriminate against someone based on their race or gender. It also ended segregation in schools and workplaces, along with social life. 

Voting Rights Act of 1965

The Voting Rights Act of 1965 is a law of the United States. It made it easier for African-Americans and non-English speaking citizens to vote. In some parts of the United States, people were forced to pay a poll tax or take a literacy test before being allowed to vote. This process kept many African-Americans from voting. The Voting Rights Act made all of those practices illegal.

Bok choy

Bok choy (also known as pak choi, boc choy, and pok choi) is classified as a Chinese cabbage. It is part of the cabbage family and does not have the same stringiness. The dark green, crinkly leaves of the most common type are like Romaine lettuce. 

The Chinese, who have been cultivating the plant for more than 5000 years, commonly refer to bok choy as pak choi or "white vegetable." Another common name is white cabbage.


Amadora

Amadora () is a city and a municipality in Portugal. The city and municipality has 175,872 people in eleven "freguesias" (parishes). It has an area of 23.77 square kilometres. It is the most densely populated municipality of Portugal.

It is a suburb of Lisbon, and both cities share the same subway, bus and train network. It is a residential city, and the landscape includes apartments, parks and industrial areas. Amadora also has immigrants from Angola, Cape Verde and Brazil.

Each year, Amadora organizes the Amadora International Comics Festival.



Magica

Magica is a Romanian power metal band.






Symphonic metal

Symphonic metal is a genre that combines heavy metal with symphonic music.


Lucien Petipa

Joseph Lucien Petipa (22 December 1815 7 July 1898) was a French ballet dancer and choreographer. He was born in Marseille, France to choreographer and dancer Jean Petipa. He was the brother of Ballet Master of the Russian Imperial Ballet, Marius Petipa. Lucien made his Paris debut on 10 June 1840 in "La Sylphide" with Fanny Elssler. He partnered Carlotta Grisi in the first "Giselle", the first "Paquita", and many other ballets of the 1840s. He choreographed his first full-length ballet, "Sacountala", in 1858. He choreographed a few other ballets, but devoted himself mostly to developing dancers. Between 186068, he was Ballet Master at the Paris Opéra Ballet, and later Professor of Mime at the Conservatory. In 1882, he produced his most popular and most successful ballet "Namouna". He died in Versailles.


Bob Brown

Robert James Brown, also known as Bob (born 27 December, 1944), is a former Australian Greens Senator and former Parliamentary leader of the Australian Greens. He was the first openly gay member of the Parliament of Australia and the first openly gay leader of a political party in Australia. Prior to that, he served as a member for Denison in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1983 to 1993 and Leader of the Tasmanian Greens from their foundation in 1992 to 1993. On 13 April, 2012, Brown resigned as Greens leader and was succeeded by his deputy Christine Milne and indicated his intention to resign from the Senate in June. In May 2012 the replacement was selected and has been named as Peter Whish-Wilson who is an economist and winemaker who has previously stood for the greens and assumed office on 21 June 2012 and Senator Brown resigned on 15 June 2012.

Basketball court

A basketball court is a place on which people play basketball. They are found within sports buildings and outside, and usually in front of people watching.

Basketball courts can be different sizes. A National Basketball Association court is .

Archaeometallurgy

Archaeometallurgy is a kind of archaeology. It is the study of metals in the past, specifically the content, production, and use of metals.

Archaeometallurgy research is the analysis and comparison of the chemical composition of samples.

Barry O'Farrell

Barry Robert O'Farrell (born 24 May 1959) is a former Australian politician. He was 43rd Premier of New South Wales and Minister for Western Sydney. He was the Leader of the New South Wales Liberal Party from 2007 to 2014. On 16 April 2914, O'Farrell announced his resignation as Premier after giving misleading evidence to the Independent Commission Against Corruption. He resigned on 17 April 2014. Mike Baird was elected new NSW Liberal Leader and was sworn in as the new Premier of New South Wales on 23 April 2014. 

On 24 November 2014, O'Farrell announced his intention not to stand for re-election at the 2015 NSW election and to retire from politics. The Liberal candidate Alister Henskens was elected to succeed O'Farrell.

Friend of Dorothy

In gay slang, a "friend of Dorothy" (occasionally abbreviated FOD) is a term for a gay man. The phrase dates back to at least World War II, when homosexual acts were illegal in the United States. Stating that, or asking if, someone was a "friend of Dorothy" was a euphemism used for discussing sexual orientation without others knowing its meaning.

The origin of the phrase is most commonly attributed to the movie, "The Wizard of Oz" because Judy Garland, who starred as the main character Dorothy, is a gay icon. In the film, Dorothy is accepting of those who are different. For example the "gentle lion" living a lie, "I'm afraid there's no denyin', I'm just a dandy lion." Others claim that the phrase refers to celebrated humorist and critic Dorothy Parker, who included some gay men in her famous social circle.

In the early 1980s, the Naval Investigative Service was investigating homosexuality in the Chicago area. Agents discovered that gay men sometimes referred to themselves as "friends of Dorothy." Unaware of the historical meaning of the term, the NIS believed that a woman named Dorothy was at the center of a massive ring of homosexual military personnel. The NIS launched an enormous hunt for Dorothy, hoping to find her and convince her to reveal the names of gay servicemembers.




I Could Go On Singing

I Could Go On Singing is a 1963 movie starring Judy Garland and Dirk Bogarde. It was Garland's last movie. It was not a huge box office success, but it won Garland much praise for her performance. In Bogarde's autobiographies and in the 2004 biography, it is written that Judy Garland's lines were substantially rewritten by Bogarde (with Garland's consent).

Judy Garland plays a superstar singer named Jenny Bowman. She had met a man 15–16 years before. He is now a prominent physician, played by British actor Dirk Bogarde. They had a child whom she let his father raise in England. Jenny wants to finally see him, but in the end is left to her true home, the stage. Originally titled "The Lonely Stage", it was renamed "I Could Go On Singing", so that audiences would know it was the first time Garland sang in a movie since "A Star Is Born" in 1954.


All songs performed by Judy Garland.


"Either you are or you aren't - a Judy Garland fan that is. And if you aren't, forget about her new movie, "I Could Go On Singing", and leave the discussion to us devotees. You'll see her in close-up...in beautiful, glowing Technicolor and striking staging in a vibrant, vital performance that gets to the essence of her mystique as a superb entertainer. Miss Garland is - as always - real, the voice throbbing, the eyes aglow, the delicate features yielding to the demands of the years - the legs still long and lovely. Certainly the role of a top-rank singer beset by the loneliness and emotional hungers of her personal life is not an alien one to her..."
- "Judith Crist", "The New York Herald Tribune"

"3 stars...Judy Garland is back on screen in a role that might have been custom-tailored for her particular talents. A new song, "I Could Go On Singing", provides her with a little clowning, a chance to be gay, a time for wistfulness, an occasion for tears. She and Dirk Bogarde play wonderfully well together, even though the script itself insists on their being mismatched..."
- "Dorothy Masters", "The New York Daily News"

It was released on video in 1989, and on DVD in 2004. The soundtrack album was released at the time of the original movie release, and appeared on CD in 2002 along with the Garland album "That's Entertainment!"


Tassili n'Ajjer

Tassili n'Ajjer is a mountain range in the Algerian part of the Sahara Desert. The name means "Plateau of the Rivers". It 72,000 km. large. The range is mostly made of sandstone. 

It is known for the prehistoric rock art. The art has herds of cattle, large wild animals including crocodiles, and human activities such as hunting and dancing. 

The nearest town is Djanet. It is about 10 km southwest of the range.

Tipaza

Tipaza is a town on the coast of Algeria. It is the capital of the Tipaza Province. It was formed in 1857. It is known for its sandy beach and ancient ruins.

Barbary Coast

The Barbary Coast, or Berber Coast, was the land of the Berber people. It was the name used by Europeans from the 16th to the 19th century. It was the coast of North Africa – what is now Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya. 

This area was used by pirates. They attacked ships and coastal towns. They stole goods and people to sell as slaves from Europe, America and sub-Saharan Africa.

Kameyama, Mie

In the Edo period, "Kameyama-juku", "Seki-juku" and "Sakanoshita-juku" were the 46th, 47th and 48th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto. All three Tōkaidō rest stops are within the boundaries of modern Numazu.



National Liberation Front (Algeria)

The National Liberation Front (French: "Front de Libération Nationale" FLN), is a nationalist, socialist political party in Algeria. It was formed on 1 November 1954, by several smaller groups, initially as a liberation movement, driven by anti-colonial ideology. It gained independence from France after the Algerian War. After independence in 1962, the FLN became the sole political party, and Algeria became a one-party state until in 1989 other parties were allowed to take part in elections. 

The FLN was created on 1 November 1954, yet its origins can be seen as far back as World War II when the rise of anti-colonialism and Algerian nationalist rhetoric began. It was founded to reconcile factions within the Algerian nationalist movement and to remove France as a colonial presence. By 1956 nearly all Algerian nationalist organizations had joined, led by the Revolutionary Committee of Unity and Action (French: "Comité Révolutionnaire d’Unité et d’Action"), the FLN had established itself as Algeria's main nationalist group.

The Algerian War was launched in 1954, as the FLN led forces with their military division, the National Liberation Army, against French occupation. The National Liberation Army used predominantly guerrilla warfare, which characterized this period for the group. In 1962 the FLN entered talks with the French President Charles de Gaulle, concluding with the signing of the Evian Accords, which led to Algerian independence

The revolutionary party identified with an anti-colonial ideology that wished to gain independence from previous imperial powers. The FLN used ideology as a means to legitimize their party, they gained support from citizens who might not otherwise have supported the political goals of the party. Furthermore, the FLN had a nationalist and socialist ideology (which is also why it is considered a nationalist/socialist party) for several reasons. Oftentimes, when countries fight for independence, their movement is led by nationalists, as nationalism causes citizens to want to break free from their colonizers. The FLN's ideology not only legitimized their actions but also created a sense of solidarity and identity among Algerians. Also, the FLN created a sort of bridge between Algeria and other nations that were fighting colonialism. 
Post-war Algeria's government had a nationalistic extremist ideology. Ironically, much of the left in France supported the regime associated with this ideology. The FLN was declining in February 1989 when the country implemented a new constitution. The new constitution lead to the end of Algeria's socialism and its corresponding one-party system.

Algeria gained sovereignty over its political future concerning France after a referendum that was held on 8 January, 1961. Following the referenda, the French Government and the FLN had several negotiations between 7 and 18 March of the following year. The negotiations led to an ending of the armed conflict between France and FLN-led Algeria on 19 March, 1962. The ending came about after a common agreement of cooperation between the two states.

Ahmed Ben Bella

Ahmed Ben Bella (25 December 1918 – 11 April 2012) was an Algerian soldier. He was the first President of Algeria from 1963 to 1965.

He was born in Maghnia, Algeria. He was a Sunni Islam. Ben Bella joined the French Army in 1936.

He went to prison for forming a group to fight French rule. He escaped and went to Tunisia. He was arrested again in 1956 and got out of prison in 1962.

He became president in 1963. In 1965, Houari Boumédiènne made him stop being Presindent. He was under house arrest until 1980. He was allowed to live in Switzerland. He lived for 10 years in Lausanne. In 1990 he was able to return to Algeria.

Elizabeth Banks

Elizabeth Banks (born February 10, 1974) is an American actress. Her movies include the "Spider-Man" franchise, 2008's comedy "Zack and Miri Make a Porno", "Invincible", "The Hunger Games", and in "The Lego Movie" and sequel "". Banks is a Democrat. She attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention to support President Obama's re-election.

Flag of Algeria

The national flag of Algeria has two equal vertical bars, green and white. In the center is a red star and crescent. 

Movie 43

Movie 43 is an American comedy movie in which Emma Stone, Halle Berry, Hugh Jackman, Uma Thurman, Elizabeth Banks, Chris Pratt, Naomi Watts, Seth MacFarlane, Josh Duhamel, Anna Faris, Greg Kinnear, Dennis Quaid, Kate Winslet, Gerard Butler, Richard Gere, Johnny Knoxville, Justin Long, and many other actors star. Its release date was January 25, 2013.

Justin Long

Justin Jacob Long (born June 2, 1978) is an American movie actor. He has acted in many movies, including "Live Free or Die Hard" (a 2007 movie that stars Bruce Willis).

Australian Convict Sites

"Australian Convict Sites" is a World Heritage Site which includes the remains of 11 places used in the transportation of convicts to Australia. This was a plan by the British government to move thousands of prisoners from England to Australia. It started with the sending of the First Fleet to Sydney in 1788 and continued for about eighty years. The Australian Convict Sites include places in Sydney, Tasmania, Norfolk Island, and Fremantle. These show:
" .. the best surviving examples of large-scale convict transportation and the colonial expansion of European powers through the presence and labour of convicts."
All the sites were all individually included on the Australian National Heritage List before being put on the World Heritage list in 2010.

The 11 penal sites making up the Australian Convict Sites World Heritage listed property are

There are over 3000 convict sites remaining in Australia. The Australian Convict Sites were selected as the best examples of the world's convict era. This met World Heritage Selection Criteria IV & VI:

Criterion IV ():
"an exceptional example of the forced migration of convicts - an important stage of human history"
Criterion VI ():
"an extraordinary example of global ideas and developments associated with the punishment and reform of the criminal elements of humanity during the Age of Enlightenment and the modern era


Sequoia National Park

Sequoia National Park is a national park in the U.S. state of California. It was created on September 25, 1890. The park covers . The park contains the highest point in the contiguous 48 United States, Mount Whitney, at above sea level. The park is next to Kings Canyon National Park. The two parks are managed together by the National Park Service.

The park is famous for its giant sequoia trees. One of these trees is the General Sherman tree, one of the biggest trees on Earth. The General Sherman tree is in the Giant Forest, which has five of the ten biggest trees in the world.


Summer Stock

Summer Stock is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musical movie. It was made in 1950. The movie was directed by Charles Walters and stars Judy Garland, Gene Kelly, Eddie Bracken, Gloria DeHaven, Marjorie Main and Phil Silvers. Nicholas Castle Sr. was the choreographer.

Judy Garland struggled with many personal problems during filming, and "Summer Stock" was her last MGM movie. It was also her last pairing with Gene Kelly onscreen. MGM terminated Garland's contract - by mutual agreement - in September 1950.

Jane Falbury (Garland) is a farm owner. Her actress sister Abigail (DeHaven) arrives at the farm with her theater troupe. They need a practice stage, and Jane and her housekeeper Esme (Main) reluctantly agree to let them use their barn. The actors and actresses, including the director Joe Ross (Kelly), repay her hospitality by doing chores around the farm. Although Joe is engaged to Abigail, he begins to fall in love with Jane after Abigail leaves him in an angry fit. Jane is engaged to Orville (Bracken), but falls in love with Joe. The movie ends with a spectacular show in the barn itself, with the new leading lady, Jane.

All songs were written by Harry Warren (music) and Mack Gordon (lyrics) except where noted. Orchestration chores were divided between Conrad Salinger and Skip Martin.


Shooting this movie was sometimes a struggle for Garland. She was coping with many pressures in her personal life, including a heavy reliance on prescription medication.

Audiences noticed that in the last number "Get Happy" she appears thinner than in the rest of the movie. Before shooting the number, she had taken two months off and lost between 15-20 pounds. Garland finished the movie, and embarked on a long promised vacation from the studio. Soon, however, she was called back to star with Fred Astaire in the upcoming movie "Royal Wedding". Once again, Garland struggled to perform at her absolute best in the face of exhaustion and overwork. She was fired from the movie, and her contract with MGM was terminated through mutual agreement. Even though "Summer Stock" took six months to film, it was a box-office success.

The film's most famous scene is the final song-and-dance number "Get Happy" performed by Judy Garland in a tuxedo jacket, black fedora, and black nylons to an arrangement by Skip Martin. This sequence was choreographed by Charles Walters and filmed two months after the rest of the movie, after Garland sought the help of a hypnotist in Santa Barbara and lost 20 pounds. With the sedative-hypnotic paraldahyde reportedly on her breath, which the number's male dancers described as sickeningly sweet, Garland performed the number perfectly in just a couple of takes, and the rest is history. According to "New York Times" critic Bosley Crowther: " 'Get Happy' finds Miss Garland looking and performing her best."

In another notable sequence, Kelly performs a solo dance in a darkened barn, using a newspaper and a creaky board as partners and props; the musical accompaniment reprises "You Wonderful You". The dance "turned out to be one of the breakthrough numbers" of his career.



Commission nationale de la certification professionnelle

The (CNCP, ) is a French inter-ministerial commission, interprofessional and interagency. It has been created by the social modernization law (No. 2002-73). It is under the authority of the Minister responsible for vocational training.

The commission has several missions:



Kupiškis

Kupiškis is a city in the northeast part of Lithuania. It is in Panevėžys County.

Greater Blue Mountains Area

The Greater Blue Mountains Area is a World Heritage Site in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia. It was added to the World Heritage List at meeting of the World Heritage Committee, held in Cairns in November 2000.

This area is one of rugged tablelands, cliffs, deep valleys and rivers and lakes. There are many rare and different plants and animals which tell the story of Australia's great age. It shows the story of the evolution of Australia's unique eucalypt trees and the other plants and animals which live among them.

The Greater Blue Mountains Area covers about 10,300 square kilometres. It is mainly forest on a sandstone plateau 60 to 180 kilometres inland from central Sydney. The area includes large areas of wilderness and is about one third the size of Belgium, or twice the size of Brunei.

The Blue Mountains are a blue color. This is because rising air temperature makes the oil of Eucalypts evaporate into the air. This makes the mountains seem bluish.

The World Heritage Site includes eight protected areas. These are in two main blocks separated by land set aside for transport and housing. These areas are the:

The Blue Mountains are not really mountains, but a sandstone plateau rising from less than 100 metres above sea level to 1300 metres at the highest point. The plateau is cut through with deep valleys. There are basalt outcrops on the higher ridges. There are many different plants and animals which probably survived because they found shelter from climatic changes during recent geological history. 

The area is famous for its many different eucalypt habitats, from wet and dry sclerophyll grasslands, mallee heathlands, as well as swamps and wetlands. There are 91 species of eucalypts, 13% of all eucalypts, in the Greater Blue Mountains Area. Of these, 12 only grow here.

The area has been described as a natural laboratory for studying the evolution of the eucalypts. This is because there are so many of the different types growing in the Greater Blue Mountains Area. The area shows examples of how the eucalypts have changed to grow in the different Australian environments. These vary from tall forests at the margins or rainforest in the deep valleys, through open forests and woodlands, to shrublands of stunted mallees on the exposed tablelands.

As well as the eucalypts, the Greater Blue Mountains Area also contains ancient, relict species of world wide importance. The most famous of these is the recently discovered Wollemi pine. This tree is a "living fossil" dating back to the age of the dinosaurs. Thought to have been extinct for millions of years, the few surviving trees of this ancient species are known only from three small groups located in remote valleys within the area. The Wollemi pine is one of the world's rarest species.


More than 400 different kinds of animals live within the valleys and tablelands of the Greater Blue Mountains Area. These include threatened or rare species such as the tiger quoll, the koala, the yellow-bellied glider and the long-nosed potoroo. There are also rare reptiles and amphibians including the green and golden bell frog and the Blue Mountain water skink.

The largest predator of the area is the dingo. These wild dogs hunt for grey kangaroos and other prey.

The Greater Blue Mountains Area has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA). It has many of the world's rockwarblers, as well as flame robins, diamond firetails and pilotbirds. The endangered regent honeyeater is seen there regularly. It is also a migration bottleneck for yellow-faced honeyeaters.

The Greater Blue Mountains Area was listed as a World Heritage Area by UNESCO on 29 November 2000. It was the fourth area in New South Wales to be listed. 

The reason why this site was chosen to be included on the World Heritage list is quoted below:



Blaenavon Industrial Landscape

Blaenavon Industrial Landscape is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Blaenavon, Wales. It includes coal and ore mines, quarries, a primitive railway system, furnaces, workers' homes, and the social infrastructure of the community.

The town of Blaenavon and 3,290 hectares in the region of the town were named a World Heritage Site in 2000. The area around Blaenavon shows of the importance of South Wales as the world's major producer of iron and coal in the 19th century.



GIFAS

The Groupement des industries françaises aéronautiques et spatiales (GIFAS, in English Group of French aerospace industries) is a French aerospace industries association created in 1908, featuring more than 260 members. The first name of the association was "Association des Industries de la Locomotion Aérienne". It acquired its current name in 1975.

The current president of the GIFAS is Éric Trappier, the CEO of Dassault Aviation.

Esquire (magazine)

Esquire is a men's magazine, published in the U.S. by the Hearst Corporation. Founded in 1932, it flourished during the Great Depression under the guidance of founder and editor Arnold Gingrich.

UniverSud Paris

UniverSud Paris is a grouping of higher education institutes in France. It groups 21 public universities and the national research center. These places teach nearly all subjects of sciences (fundamental, engineering, business).

In 1991, the French government decided to create the "French Poles of Research and Higher Education". In 2007, its status changed to a public establishment for scientific cooperation ("établissement public de coopération scientifique").

The member universities and institutes are :


Charity (practice)

Charity is the act of giving help to those in need of it. It is a humanitarian act. It involves giving money, goods or time and effort to those who need it. It is done without expecting something in return. Giving money or food to poor people is an example of charity. Poor, sick or injured people are generally considered the proper people to whom charity should be given. When such people are not supported, they often begin begging, which is directly asking for help from people they do not know. Others may rely on support from charitable organizations. These organizations collect money and goods and then give them to those in need.

Most charities are concerned with providing basic needs, such as food, water, clothing, health care and shelter. The most common form of charity is donating money. The money is then used to buy these basic needs. However, there are many other actions that may be performed as charity, such as teaching orphans, donating blood, or money to help fund medical research.

Charitable giving can be a responsibility in many religions. This kind of charity is called almsgiving or alms. The word "charity" comes from the Latin "caritas" meaning Christian love. In Islam, it is called "zakat". It is one of the five most important duties of being a Muslim, and in Judaism it is "tzedakah".


Daphnia

Daphnia are small, planktonic crustaceans, between 0.2 and 5 mm in length. "Daphnia" are members of the order Cladocera. They are one of the several small aquatic crustaceans often called water fleas because of their jumpy swimming style. They live in various aquatic environments ranging from acidic swamps to freshwater lakes, ponds, streams and rivers.

"Daphnia" have open circulatory systems. Instead of having blood vessels, the daphnia have a fluid called haemolymph. The haemolymph is pumped throughout the body cavity (which is called a haemocoel).

The "Daphnia"’s nervous system consists of a brain that has two or three pairs of ganglia. Ganglia are nerve cells that tend to cluster up. The nervous system also has nerve rings that go round the oesophagus. Last of all, it has a paired ventral nerve cord.

The "Daphnia" reproductive system is parthenogenetic. The female daphnia produce eggs without mating. That means that their eggs can grow without being fertilized. The female daphnia carries its 50 or so eggs in the brood chamber, until they are ready to hatch. "Daphnia" can still mate, the only difference is that the “mated” eggs have an extra hard shell that can protect them from harsh conditions for a long time. These eggs are called cysts, and they can hatch when conditions are favorable again, which is usually around spring.

"Daphnia" spp. are a popular live food in tropical and marine fish keeping.


President of Algeria

The President of Algeria is the head of state of Algeria. The President is also in charge of the Algerian armed forces.

As of 22 September 2021, there is one living former president:

From each according to his ability, to each according to his need

From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs (or need) is a slogan that Karl Marx made popular in his writing "Critique of the Gotha program", published in 1875. The German original is "Jeder nach seinen Fähigkeiten, jedem nach seinen Bedürfnissen". According to Marx, once a communist society has been established, it will produce enough goods and services so that everyone's needs can be satisfied.

Even though the phrase is commonly attributed to Marx, he was not the first to use it. The slogan was common within the socialist movement. Louis Blanc first used it in 1839, in "The organization of work". The origin of this phrasing has also been attributed to the French communist Étienne-Gabriel Morelly, who proposed in his 1755 "Code of Nature" "Sacred and Fundamental Laws that would tear out the roots of vice and of all the evils of a society" including the following:

Kassaman

Kassaman or Qassaman (, ; "We Pledge") is the national anthem of Algeria. Mufdi Zakariah wrote the lyrics in 1956. He did this while in jail by the French. The composer of the music is Mohamed Fawzi, from Egypt. He wrote the lyrics on the walls of a French prison with his blood.

San Francisco row houses

The San Francisco row houses, also known as Painted Ladies are Victorian and Edwardian buildings painted in three or more colors. The style used is sometimes called "polychrome".

Emblem of Algeria

The national emblem of Algeria is the seal used by the government. Other states use coats of arms. The current emblem began in 1976. The difference was changing the motto from French to Arabic. On the emblem is the crescent that is also found on the Flag of Algeria. It is a symbol of Islam. The text says "The People's Democratic Republic of Algeria".

The Hand of Fatima is in front of the Atlas Mountains. It is below a rising sun to show a new era. Buildings are for industry and plants for agriculture.

Abdelaziz Bouteflika

Abdelaziz Bouteflika (2 March 1937 – 17 September 2021) was an Algerian politician. From 1999 to 2019, he was the ninth President of Algeria. He was President at the end of the bloody Algerian Civil War in 2002. He ended emergency rule in February 2011 during Arab Spring.

He was President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1974 until 1975.

Bouteflika resigned on 2 April 2019 after months of massive protests.

Bouteflika died on 17 September 2021 at his home in Zéralda, Algeria from cardiac arrest at the age of 84. He was in bad health since he had a stroke in 2013.

Prime Minister of Algeria

The Prime Minister is the head of government of Algeria.

The President of Algeria chooses the Prime Minister. The People's National Assembly must okay the choice. There are no limits on a Prime Minister's term. The person who was Prime Minister the longest was Mohamed Ben Ahmed Abdelghani. He did the job from 1979 to 1984.

Ahmed Ouyahia

Ahmed Ouyahia (born July 2, 1952) is an Algerian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Algeria from August 16, 2017 to March 12, 2019.

Ouyahia was already Prime Minister from 1995 to 1998, from 2003 to 2006, and from 2008 to 2012.

He was also Minister of Justice for a time. He formed and was president of the RND party.

Adrar Province

Adrar is a province in southwestern Algeria. It is named for its capital Adrar. It is the second-largest province. There are 402,197 people.

The province has 11 districts and 28 communes or municipalities.

Carlton Gardens, Melbourne

The Carlton Gardens is a World Heritage Site in the suburb of Carlton. It is very close to the centre of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

The site has the Royal Exhibition Building, Melbourne Museum and Imax Cinema, tennis courts and an award winning children's playground. The site is a rectangle shape. From the Exhibition building the gardens gently slope down to the southwest and northeast. The World Heritage listing says the Royal Exhibition Buildings and Carlton Gardens are ""of historical, architectural, aesthetic, social and scientific (botanical) significance to the State of Victoria.""

The gardens are one of the best examples of a Victorian era public garden. There are large grass areas with a mix of European and Australian trees. These include deciduous trees such as English oaks, White Poplar, Plane trees, Elms, Conifers, Cedars, Turkey Oaks, Araucarias and evergreens such as Moreton Bay Figs, combined with flower beds of flowers and shrubs. Tree lined paths make formal avenues which lead to the fountains and architecture of the Exhibition buildings. There are two small lakes in the southern section of the park. The northern section contains the Museum, tennis courts, machinery and work area, managers's house, and the children's playground designed as a Victorian maze.

The listing in the Victorian Heritage Register says in part: 

Wildlife includes possums, ducks and ducklings in spring, Tawny Frogmouths, Kookaburras, flying foxes, and other urban environment birds and bats. 

The gardens have three important fountains: the Exhibition Fountain, designed for the 1880 Exhibition by sculptor Joseph Hochgurtel; the French Fountain; and the Westgarth Drinking Fountain.


The Exhibition Building is still used for exhibitions, including for the annual Melbourne International Flower and Garden Show. It also used for exams by the University of Melbourne in recent years. The Melbourne Exhibition and Convention Centre, opened in 1996 at Southbank, provides more modern facilities and has become Melbourn'e main space for exhibitions and conventions.



Chlef Province

Chlef is a province in Algeria. There are about 1 million people. The capital is Chlef. 

The province is divided into 13 districts. There are also 35 communes or municipalities.

Laghouat Province

Laghouat is a province ("wilaya") in central Algeria. The name means "the oases". The capital is Laghouat. Other localities include Aflou, Ain Madhi, Kourdane and Makhareg.

The province is divided into 10 districts. There are also 24 communes or municipalities.

Crater Lake National Park

Crater Lake National Park is a national park in the U.S. state of Oregon. It was created in 1902. It is the only national park in Oregon. The park includes the caldera of Crater Lake, the remains of the destroyed volcano Mount Mazama, and nearby hills and forests. 

The lake is deep. It is the deepest lake in the United States, the second deepest in North America and the ninth deepest in the world. The lake is so deep because of the caldera it is in.

Crater Lake has no streams flowing into or out of it. All water that enters the lake is eventually lost from evaporation or flowing away underground. The lake is re-filled only from snow and rain.


Oum El Bouaghi Province

Oum El Bouaghi or Oum el-Bouaghi is a province of Algeria. The capital is Oum el-Bouaghi.

The province is divided into 12 districts. There are also 29 communes or municipalities.

Bob Carr

Robert John "Bob" Carr (born 28 September 1947) was a Labor member of the Australian senate from 6 March 2012 to 24 October 2013 and Foreign Minister 13 March 2012 to 18 September 2013. Before that, he was Premier of New South Wales from 1995 to 2005.

List of World Heritage Sites in Australia

A total of 20 places in Australia have been chosen as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

Australia agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention on 22 August 1974.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2020, there are 20 WHS places in Australia.

There are 2 sites which are on a tentative list.

The tentative list consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.


The Dark Knight Rises

The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 British-American superhero movie, and a sequel to "The Dark Knight" and a second sequel to "Batman Begins". It was the last movie in "The Dark Knight Trilogy".

Eight years after Harvey Dent's death and the defeat of the Joker, the Dent Act grants the Gotham City Police Department the ability to easily prosecute organized crime. Feeling guilty for covering up Dent's crimes, Police Commissioner James Gordon writes a resignation speech telling the truth, but decides not to reveal the truth because it was not the right time. Batman has disappeared, with Bruce Wayne becoming an outcast. Cat burglar Selina Kyle steals Bruce's fingerprints from his home, kidnaps a congressman, then disappears. Selina hands Bruce's fingerprints to Phillip Stryver, an assistant to Bruce's business rival John Daggett, in hope of having her criminal record erased. Stryver double crosses Selina, but she uses the congressman's stolen phone to alert the police of their location. Gordon and the police arrive to find the congressman, then chase the criminals into the sewers while Selina escapes. A masked man called Bane who had escaped from a hijacked CIA Plane captures Gordon. Gordon escapes, and is found by John Blake, a patrol officer who grew up as an orphan and has known Batman's true identity from their similar backgrounds. Gordon promotes Blake to detective, with Blake reporting directly to him.
Wayne Enterprises is on the point of becoming bankrupt after Bruce wasted almost all of the companies money on a fusion reactor project when he learns that the core could be weaponized. Later, Bane attacks the Gotham Stock Exchange, using Bruce's fingerprints to bankrupt Wayne Enterprises. Alfred Pennyworth, concerned that Bruce has not moved on from being Batman, reveals to him that Rachel Dawes had intended to marry Dent before she died, and resigns in an attempt to dissuade him. Fearing that Daggett, Bane's employer, would gain access to the reactor, Bruce and Lucius Fox asks board member Miranda Tate to take over his company. Bane later kills Daggett. After being promised to erase her records, Selina agrees to take Batman to Bane, but instead betrays him to a trap. Bane appears and reveals that he intends to fulfill Ra's al Ghul's mission to destroy Gotham with the League of Shadows. He breaks Batman's back and takes him to a foreign, well-like prison where escape is impossible. The inmates tell Bruce the story of Ra's al Ghul's child, born in the prison and cared for by a fellow prisoner before escaping, the only prisoner to have ever done so; Bruce thinks the child is Bane.
Meanwhile, Bane had kidnapped Fox, Tate, and Fredricks in order to turn on the bomb. While in the stadium, Bane triggers bombs under Gotham that causes the tunnels to collapse and traps most of the Gotham's police underground. He kills Mayor Anthony Garcia and forces an abducted physicist, Dr. Leonid Pavel, to convert the reactor core into a nuclear bomb before killing him. Bane uses the bomb to hold the city hostage and isolate Gotham from the world. Using Gordon's stolen speech, Bane reveals the cover-up of Dent's crimes and releases the prisoners of Blackgate Prison, causing a revolution. The wealthy and powerful have their property destroyed or taken, are dragged from their homes, and given show trials presided over by Dr. Jonathan Crane, where any sentence likely means death.
After months of recovery and re-training, Bruce escapes from the prison; thanks to the prison doctor, and enlists Selina, Blake, Tate, Gordon, and Fox to help stop the bomb's detonation. While the police and Bane's forces fight at Gotham City Hall, Batman defeats Bane, but Tate later stabs Batman, revealing herself to be Talia, Ra's al Ghul's child, who escaped the prison thanks by her fellow prisoner, Bane. She plans to complete her father's work by activating the bomb and destroying Gotham, but Gordon blocks her signal, which makes the remote of detonation useless. Talia, then leaves to find the bomb. Bane prepares to kill Batman, but Selina kills Bane using the Batpod. Batman pursues Talia with the Bat, an aircraft created by Fox, to bring the bomb back to the reactor, where it can be stabilized. Talia's truck crashes, but she remotely destroys the reactor before dying. With no way to stop the detonation, Batman uses The Bat to haul the bomb over the bay, where it detonates.
In the months after, Batman is thought to be dead but is honored a hero. With Bruce also presumed dead, Wayne Manor is left to the city to become an orphanage, and Wayne's remaining estate is left to Alfred. Fox discovers that Bruce had fixed The Bat's autopilot, and Gordon finds the Bat-Signal refixed. While visiting in Florence, Italy, Alfred saw Bruce and Selina together. Blake resigns from the police force and finds the Batcave.

The movie is based on DC Comics character Batman. It is distributed under Warner Bros.. The movie was directed by Christopher Nolan and produced by Emma Thomas. The music was scored by Hans Zimmer. The cast includes Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Tom Hardy, Morgan Freeman, Anne Hathaway, Marion Cotillard, Matthew Modine, Cillian Murphy, Nestor Carbonell, Ben Mendelsohn, Liam Neeson, Tom Conti, Joey King, Juno Temple, and Alon Abutbul. The locations of filming were in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Newark, New Jersey, Los Angeles, California, and in New York City, New York.


"The Dark Knight Rises" was released on July 20, 2012, on which same day a shooting happened in Aurora, Colorado during the movie's premiere inside an area theater. The movie is the 3rd highest-grossing movie in the world with $1,081,041,287 worldwide. "The Dark Knight Rises" currently ranks #7 in the list of the highest-grossing movies in history. "The Dark Knight Rises" came out on DVD and Blu-ray on December 4, 2012. It was one of the top movies on AFI in 2012. Regarded as one of the best superhero films and best films of 2010s



Total Recall (1990 movie)

Total Recall is a 1990 American science fiction action movie directed by Paul Verhoeven. It stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Ironside, Rachel Ticotin and Sharon Stone. It is set in the year 2084 in a terraformed Mars. The movie was released in June 1990. The story of the movie came from ""We Can Remember It for You Wholesale"" by Philip K. Dick.

It was remade in 2012.

That's the Way (I Like It)

"That's the Way (I Like It)" is a disco-pop song released during late 1975 by the group KC & the Sunshine Band. It was at the time because of certain lyrics. This single has been covered and sampled by various artists through the years.

Hefei

Hefei () is a city and municipality () in eastern China. Hefei is the capital the Anhui province. It is the political, economic, and cultural center of Anhui. It is located in the central portion of the province, and it borders Huainan to the north, Chuzhou to the northeast, Wuhu to the southeast, Tongling to the south, Anqing to the southwest and Lu'an to the west. Hefei has 7.06 million people, 2.18 million of whom lives in the urban area.

From the 8th to the 6th centuries BC, there were many small states in Hefei. The area later became a part of the Chu kingdom. Many archaeological finds dating from this period have been made. In the 2nd century BC, the name 'Hefei' was first given to the county set up in the area under the Han dynasty.

In the 3rd century AD, the Battle of Xiaoyao Ford was fought at Xiaoyao Ford () in Hefei. Zhang Liao, a general of the Wei state, led 800 picked cavalry and defeated the 200,000-strong army from Wu. After this battle, Wu and Wei fought for several decades in Hefei.

Hefei Municipality is divided into 4 districts, 4 counties and 1 city.


Anhui

Anhui (; ) is a province in the east of China. The capital is Hefei. The area of Anhui is 139,400 km, the population of it is roughly 62,548,000 (2017).

Anhui is divided into seventeen prefecture-level divisions:

Australian Fossil Mammal Sites (Riversleigh / Naracoorte)

The Australian Fossil Mammal Sites is the UNESCO World Heritage Site in Queensland and South Australia.

The UNESCO listing is for two separate areas where fossils from the Cainozoic era have been found. Riversleigh, Queensland is in the north west corner of Queensland and Narcoorte South Australia is in the south east corner of South Australia. The Riversleigh site is part of the Lawn Hill National Park.

The sites are important for their extinct marsupials. The fossils show the evolution of mammals in Australia over the last 20 million years. The Naracoorte site is part of the Naracoorte Caves National Park. Its fossils show the way marsupials adapted to the great climate changes that have affected the world over the last 170,000 years.


Indian Armed Forces

The Indian Armed Forces are the military of India. It is made up of an Army, Navy, Air Force and Coast Guard. There are other parts like Paramilitary and Strategic Nuclear Command.

The President of India is its Commander-in-Chief. However, it is managed by the Ministry of Defence.

In 2010, the Indian Armed Forces had 1.32 million active personnel. This makes it one of the largest militaries in the world.

Currently, the Indian Army is becoming more modern by buying and making new weapons. It is also building defences against missiles of other countries. In 2011, India imported more weapons than any other nation in the world.

From its independence in 1947, India fought four wars with Pakistan and one war with China.

Every year, 7 December is celebrated as Armed Forces Flag Day.

Na Hye-sok

Na Hye-sok (28 April 1896 – 10 December 1948) was a Korean independence activist and artist, poet, novelist, and feminist activist. She was a famous woman among early 20th century oil painters. Her nickname was Jeongwol.




Indian Army

The Indian Army is the part of the Indian Military which operates on land. It is the largest part of the Indian Military.

In 2010, Indian Army had 1,128,000 active personnel and 960,000 personnel. It has more soldiers than any other nation except China, the United States, and Russia.

Old City (Jerusalem)

The Old City (, "al-Balda al-Qadimah", , "Hin K'aghak", , "Ha'Ir Ha'Atiqah") of Jerusalem is the oldest part of the city located in Israel. It is an area that is surrounded by walls. It contains some of the most important places for three major religions. These include the Church of the Holy Sepulchre for Christians, the Temple Mount for Jews, and the Dome of the Rock and al-Aqsa Mosque for Muslims. The Old City formed the whole city of Jerusalem until 1860, when a Jewish neighborhood was built outside the Western Wall.

The Old City is historically divided into four quarters, although the current quarters were introduced only in the 19th century. Today, the Old City is divided into the Muslim Quarter, the Christian Quarter, the Jewish Quarter and the Armenian Quarter. After the war in 1948, the Old City was occupied by Jordan and the Jewish people living in the city were forced to move out. During the Six Day War in 1967, Israel occupied the Old City and the rest of East Jerusalem. Today, Israel still controls the whole area, which it says is part of its national capital.

In 1980, Jordan asked UNESCO to make the Old City a World Heritage Site. It was added to the World Heritage list in 1981. Because of the conflict over the territory, it was added to the list of sites in danger in 1982. UNESCO policy is that East Jerusalem, including the Old City, is part of the occupied Palestinian territory.

<br>


Djoudj National Bird Sanctuary

The Djoudj National Bird Sanctuary () is a World Heritage Site in Senegal. It is on the Senegal River. It has different wetland areas that are used by many migrating birds. Some birds use the wetland after they cross the Sahara desert. There are almost 400 kinds of birds. Some of the most common are pelicans and flamingos. Many different kinds of animals also live in the park.


Refining

Refining is the name for a number of processes that purify or concentrate a substance. The name is used for natural resources, food and technical products. The place where this is done, is often called a refinery.
Petroleum contains hydrocarbons. After distillation, it still contains chemical compounds with sulfur, oxygen and Nitrogen as well as other unwanted compounds, such as Alkalenes. Processed petroleum is used for lubricants; the substances mentione are unwanted in lubricants as they can speed up the aging process. For this reason, they are extracted using a process called hydrogenation. In hydrogenation, Hydrogen sulfide and ammonia gases are produced. These gases require special handling, as they are very toxic.

Vegetable oils and fats are produced by chemical or mechanical extraction from plants. This produces a kind of oil that still has many unwanted substances, such as pigments and smell, which influence the quality of the refined product. In essence, the factors influenced are taste, shelf life, smell and color, as well as the ability to use the oil for further technical transformations. Depending on the process, between four and eight percent of usable vegetable oil is lost. There are two basic procedures to refine vegetable oil, chemical refining, and physical refining.

Sugar is washed, and treated with concentrated syrup. Its colored because most customers expect sugar to be white. The white sugar sold in shops in almost pure sucrose. It has an extent of 99,8 percent of its weight.

There are two basic processes to refine metals: Refining by fire, and refining by electrolysis. Higher grades of purity require both processes, lower grades use only the first process. 

Salt that is gained through evaportation of seawater needs to be cleaned; this is done by dissloving it in brine and then forcing it to crystallize. After the process, it is no lnoger possible to distinguish it from the salt extracted from rocks, by a mining process. Depending on the country, table salt for common use as a food additive may have iodine added. Sometimes Potassium fluoride is added as well.

American cheese

American cheese (also called a cheese slice or processed cheese) is a kind of pasteurized processed cheese. Usually, it has a mild taste. Originally, it was white, and made by mixing other kinds of cheese, most often cheddar cheese and Swiss. 

It is no longer produced by mixing existing kinds of cheeses, but by using a number of ingredients. In many countries, including the US, processed cheese is licensed differently to "real" cheese. American cheese may therefore not be sold as "cheese", but as "processed cheese". 

On the label, the word cheese is often left out, and the product is labeled "American slices", "slices" or similar. Since this kind of processed cheese is very common in the United States, it is often used to refer to all kinds of processed cheese. All the same, the term "American cheese" does have a legal definition in the American Code of Federal Regulations.

Fraser Island

K'gari, commonly (and formerly officially) known as Fraser Island, is a sand island of the east coast of Queensland in Australia. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Fraser Island is long. It is the largest sand island in the world. It has large shifting sand dunes, and highly coloured sand cliffs. The World Heritage Site covers . 

The island has a range of plants including patches of rainforest. There are also perched freshwater lakes. These are lakes that are not connected to the groundwater, but sit above them. Half of the perched lakes in the world are found on Fraser Island. The water in the lakes is very clear.

The endangered cooloola sedge frog lives on Fraser Island. Fraser Island is one of only three places where this frog lives.


Village Voice

The Village Voice is a free weekly newspaper and news and features website in New York City. It features investigative articles, analysis of current affairs and culture, arts and music coverage, and events listings for New York City. It is also distributed throughout the United States on a pay basis. It was the first of the big-city tabloids that came to be known as alternative weeklies.

The "Voice" was launched by Ed Fancher, Dan Wolf, and Norman Mailer on October 26, 1955 from a two-bedroom apartment in Greenwich Village. This was its initial coverage area. It expanded to other parts of the city by the 1960s. The offices in the 1960s were located at Sheridan Square. They are now at Cooper Square in Manhattan in the East Village.

Purnululu National Park

Purnululu National Park is an Australian national park in the north east of Western Australia. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The site covers and includes the Bungle Bungle Ranges. The ranges are made from Devonian era sandstone and have been eroded over 20 million years into shapes like towers and cones. The sandstone has horizontal stripes of orange coloured by iron oxide which dry out quickly, and dark strips where bacteria are growing in damp layers of stone. Other areas of the park include the sand plains which surround the Bungle Bungles; the Ord River valley, and limestone ridges.


Cinema of India

The cinema of India includes movies produced in India. It has been around since the early 20th century. Movies made in India are popular in the Middle East, South Asia, and Western countries like the United Kingdom and the United States as well as India. In 2010 India produced the most films, even more then Hollywood and China.

Lord Howe Island Group

The Lord Howe Island Group is a group of 28 small islands and rocks about north east of Sydney. The islands are governed by New South Wales. The islands became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1982. 

The islands were formed by a volcano which erupted for a period of about 500,000 years during the Miocene era, about 7 million years ago. This volcano is about under the sea, and the islands are the tops of the volcano's peak. The main islands of the World Heritage Site are:


Lord Howe Island

Lord Howe Island is a small island about north east of Sydney. It is governed by New South Wales. About 70% of the island is part of the Lord Howe Island Group which became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1982. The island was first discovered in 1788 by Lieutenant Henry Lidgbird Ball, who was captain of the HMS Supply. He was taking convicts from Sydney to start a new prison colony on Norfolk Island. 

Islam in Iran

The Islamic conquest of Persia (637-651) led to the end of the Sassanid Empire and the eventual decline of the Zoroastrian religion in Persia. However, the achievements of the previous Persian civilizations were not lost, but were to a great extent absorbed by the new Islamic polity. Islam has been the official religion of Iran since then, except short duration after Mongol raid and establishment of Ilkhanate. Iran became an Islamic republic after the Islamic Revolution of 1979.

Before the Islamic conquest, the Persians had been mainly Zoroastrian, however, there were also large and thriving Christian and Jewish communities. Eastern Iran (what is now Afghanistan) was predominantly Buddhist. There was a slow but steady movement of the population toward Islam. When Islam was introduced to Iranians, the nobility and city-dwellers were the first to convert, Islam spread more slowly among the peasantry and the "dihqans", or landed gentry. By the late 11th century, the majority of Persians had become Muslim, at least nominally.

Though Iran is known today as a stronghold of the Shi'a Muslim faith, it did not become so until much later, around the 15th century. The Safavid dynasty made Shi'a Islam the official state religion in the early sixteenth century and aggressively proselytized on its behalf. It is also believed that by the mid-seventeenth century most people in Iran had become Shi'as, an affiliation that has continued. Over the following centuries, with the state-fostered rise of a Persian-based Shi'ite clergy, a synthesis was formed between Persian culture and Shi'ite Islam that marked each indelibly with the tincture of the other.

Nowadays Islam is the religion of 98% of Iranians, approximately 89% of Iranians are Shi'a and 10% are Sunni, mostly Turkomen, a minority of Arabs (mainly in Hormozgan Province), Baluchs, and Kurds living in the south, southeast, northeast and northwest. Almost all of Iranian Shi'as are Twelvers.

Jaú National Park

The Jaú National Park ('Parque Nacional do Jaú') is in the heart of the Amazon rainforest in the Amazonas state of Brazil. 

It is the largest forest reserve in South America, covering an area over 6 million acres (23,000 km²). Entry into the park is restricted; express permission from the Brazilian government is required to enter the reserve.

The park is a good example of tropical rainforest conservation in the Amazon. Its forests, lakes and channels are a "constantly evolving aquatic mosaic that is home to the largest array of electric fish in the world". The site protects key threatened species, including giant arapaima fish, the Amazonian manatee, the black caiman and two species of river dolphin and the jaguar. There are many other species of animals and plants.

The park is in the lower reaches of the Rio Negro branch of the Amazon. This branch is black with the organic matter picked up by the river. It has white-sand beaches during the dry season and flooded forest during the wet season. The streams turn into a 'ria' lake in the wet season, flooding huge areas of land, typical of all large rivers in the Amazon region. The site contains the nine-tier waterfall of the Carabinani River.

The Rio Negro flows through the eastern edge of Brazil’s Jau National Park. The river is the big strip of blue running from left to right across the image, and the other blue ribbons are tributaries. It starts at the border of Venezuela and Brazil, and meets up with the Amazon in central Brazil. Half-submerged islands can be seen in the center of the river. Between November and April when the river is at its peak, many of these islands disappear.

There is a high diversity of vertebrates in the park, with 120 species of mammals, 411 birds, 15 reptiles and 320 fishes. The site is home to relics of past human occupation of the Amazon region.


List of World Heritage Sites in Ecuador

The List of World Heritage Sites in Ecuador is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries, not including Ecuador.

Ecuador agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention on June 16, 1975.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2012, there are 4 places in Ecuador which are on the World Heritage List. 

There are 7 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.





Batna Province

Batna is a province of Algeria. The capital is Batna. Other important towns are Barika, Merouana and Timgad. Belezma National Park is there.

Batna Province has 22 districts. There are also 61 Communes.

The districts are:

Béjaïa Province

Béjaïa is a province of Algeria. The capital city is Béjaïa. Gouraya National Park is there. The endangered primate, Barbary Macaque is found in the province's Gouraya National Park.

The province has 19 districts. There are 52 "communes" or municipalities.

Biskra Province

Biskra is a province of Algeria. The capital city is Biskra. 

The province has 12 districts. There are 33 "communes" or municipalities.

Béchar Province

Béchar is a province in Algeria. It is named after its capital Béchar. A large part of the province has sand dune fields that no one can live in.

The province has 12 districts. There are 21 municipalities.

The districts are:

Blida Province

Blida is a province in Algeria. The capital is Blida. The Chréa National Park is here.

The province has 10 districts. There are also 25 municipalities.

The districts are:

Bouïra Province

Bouïra is a province in Algeria. The capital is also Bouïra.

The province has 12 districts. There are also 45 "communes" or municipalities.

Tamanghasset Province

Tamanrasset or Tamanghasset is the largest province in Algeria. It was named after its capital Tamanrasset. The Province has two National parks: Tassili n'Ajjer National Park and Ahaggar National Park. The province makes up almost a quarter of the country's area.

The province has 7 districts. There are also 10 "communes" or municipalities.

Tébessa Province

Tébessa is a province of Algeria. Tébessa is also the name of the capital. Another important city is El Ouenza. Tebessa is only 20 kilometers west from Tunisia border.

The province has 12 districts. There are also 28 "communes" or municipalities.

Tlemcen Province

Tlemcen is a province in northwestern Algeria. The Tlemcen National Park is there.

The province has 20 districts. There are also 53 "communes" or municipalities.

Patti Austin

Patti Austin (born August 10, 1950) is an American R&B singer and songwriter. She was very popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Austin has had many hits on several music charts.

Tiaret Province

Tiaret is a province of Algeria. The capital is Tiaret. 

The province has 14 districts. There are also 42 "communes" or municipalities.

Tizi Ouzou Province

Tizi Ouzou is a province in Algeria. It is named after its capital.

The province has 21 districts. There are also 67 communes or municipalities.

Algiers Province

Algiers is a province in Algeria. It is named after the capital, Algiers, which is also the national capital. There are about 3 million people.

Algiers province has 13 districts and 57 "communes" or municipalities.

The districts, listed according to official numbering (from west to east), are:

Djelfa Province

Djelfa is a province of Algeria. The capital is Djelfa. There are over 1.2 million people. Important towns are Tadmit, El Khemis, and Selmana.

The province has 12 districts. There are also 36 "communes" or municipalities.


Jijel Province

Jijel is a province in Algeria. It is on the eastern Mediterranean coast. The capital is Jijel. Taza National Park is there.

The province has 11 districts and 28 "communes" or municipalities.

Lactarius torminosus

Lactarius torminosus, commonly known as the woolly milkcap or the bearded milkcap, is a mushroom in the genus "Lactarius". It is a common and widely distributed fungus, found in North Africa, northern Asia, Northern Europe, and North America. "L. torminosus" associates with various trees, most commonly birch, and the mushrooms grow on the ground singly or in groups in mixed forests. Although it is valued for its peppery flavor and eaten after suitable preparation in Russia and Finland, it is highly irritating to the digestive system when eaten raw. The toxins responsible for the acrid taste are destroyed by cooking.

The caps of "L. torminosus" mushrooms are convex with a central depression, and attain a diameter of up to . Its color is a blend of pink and ochre hues, sometimes with circular zones of darker shades. The edge of the cap is rolled inwards, and shaggy when young. On the underside of the caps are narrow flesh-colored gills crowded closely together. It is on these fertile gill surfaces that the spore-bearing cells, the basidia are found. The cylindrical stem is a pale flesh color with a downy surface, reaching a length of up to and a thickness of . When cut or injured, the fruit bodies ooze a white latex that does not change color upon exposure to air. The variety "normandensis", in contrast, has latex that changes from white to yellow.

Sétif Province

Sétif Province is a province in north-eastern Algeria. The capital and largest city is Sétif. Another large city is El Eulma. There is also the World Heritage Site of Djémila there. 

The province has 20 districts. There are also 60 "communes" or municipalities.

Saïda Province

Saïda is a province of Algeria. It is named after its capital.

The province has 6 districts and 16 "communes" or municipalities.

Skikda Province

Skikda is a province of Algeria. It is on the Mediterranean coast.

The province has 13 districts and 38 "communes" or municipalities.

Sidi Bel Abbès Province

Sidi Bel Abbès is one of the provinces of Algeria. The name is from the city of Sidi Bel Abbès. It is in the northwestern part of the country.

The province has 15 districts and 52 "communes" or municipalities.

Annaba Province

Annaba is a small province in the north-eastern corner of Algeria. Its capital, Annaba is Algeria's main port for mineral exports.

The province has 6 districts and 12 municipalities.

The districts are:

Guelma Province

Guelma Province is a province in eastern Algeria. The name is from the largest city Guelma. There are 429.998 people who live here.

The province has 10 districts and 34 "communes" or municipalities.

Constantine Province

Constantine is one of the 48 provinces of Algeria. The capital is Constantine.

The province has 6 districts and 12 communes or municipalities.


Médéa Province

Médéa is a province of Algeria. The capital is Médéa. 

The province has 19 districts and 64 "communes" or municipalities.

Mostaganem Province

Mostaganem is a province of Algeria. The capital is Mostaganem. 

The province has 10 districts and 32 "communes" or municipalities.

M'Sila Province

M'Sila (also spelled Msila, M'sila or MSila) is a province of northern Algeria. It has 1 million people. The capital is also called M'sila. M'Sila is mostly known for its farming.

The province has 15 districts and 47 "communes" or municipalities.


Mascara Province

Mascara is a province in Algeria. There was an earthquake in the capital Mascara City on 18 August 1994. The name means "military garrison" in Arabic. Another important town is Sig.

The province has 16 districts and 47 "communes" or municipalities.


Ouargla Province

Ouargla or Warqla is a province in eastern Algeria. Its capital is Ouargla. Other important towns are Temacine, Touggourt, and Hassi Messaoud. It contains the Issaouane Erg desert.

The province has 10 districts and 21 "communes" or municipalities.


Oran Province

Oran is a province in Algeria. The capital is Oran. There are 1,584,607 people.

As of 1984, the province has 9 districts and 26 "communes" or municipalities.


El Bayadh Province

El Bayadh is a province in Algeria. It is named after its capital El Bayadh.

The province has 8 districts, and 22 "communes" or municipalities.


Illizi Province

Illizi is a province in the south-eastern corner of Algeria. It is named after its capital Illizi.
It borders Libya to the east.

The province has 3 districts and 6 "communes" or municipalities. The area has lots of natural gas.


Island of stability

The chemical elements beyond lead are radioactive, and they do not have stable isotopes. This means that they will decay into other elements. As their atomic number (the number of protons in their nucleus) increases, the time it takes for them to decay tends to get shorter, going from billions of years to less than one millisecond. There is a theory in physics that says that after a number of elements with short half lives, there will be others with longer half lives. These are generally known as "islands of stability". These elements are expected to have isotopes that decay in several minutes.The theory is that, similarly to electron shells, the nucleus of an atom is made of "shells" (which can be thought of as layers of protons and neutrons), and that when a nucleus has entirely filled shells, it is significantly more stable. 

A filled shell would have "magic numbers" of neutrons and protons, known magic numbers are 2, 8, 20, 28, 50, 82, and 126; however, further numbers are predicted to exist. One element that is predicted to be quite stable is unbihexium, in particular, its isotope unbihexium-310, which would be "doubly magic" (both its atomic number of 126 and neutron number of 184 are thought to be magic) and so would be the most likely to be very stable. The next lightest doubly magic isotope of an element is lead-208, the heaviest stable isotope of any element and the most stable heavy metal.

Isotopes have been produced with enough protons to put them on an island of stability but with too few neutrons. It is possible that these elements possess unusual properties and, if they have isotopes with long enough lifespans, would be available for various uses (such as particle accelerator targets and neutron sources).

Bordj Bou Arréridj Province

Bordj Bou Arréridj is a province in east Algeria. It is about 200 km away from the capital Algiers. The capital is Bordj Bou Arreridj.

The province has 10 districts and 34 "communes" or municipalities.

Boumerdès Province

Boumerdès is a province of northern Algeria. The capital is the coastal city of Boumerdès.

The province has 9 districts and 32 "communes" or municipalities.


El Tarf Province

El Taref is a province of Algeria. El Kala is a port town in this province. El Taref is the capital city. There is also El Kala National Park.

The province has 7 districts and 24 municipalities.


Tindouf Province

Tindouf, also written Tinduf, is the westernmost province of Algeria. There are 58,193 people. Tindouf has many resources including iron ore.

The province has one district, Tindouf. There are two towns: Tindouf and Oum El Assel. 

Tissemsilt Province

Tissemsilt is a province of Algeria. The capital is Tissemsilt. Théniet El Haâd National Park is there.

The province has 8 districts and 22 "communes" or municipalities.


El Oued Province

El Oued is a Saharan province of Algeria. The capital is El Oued. 

The province has 12 districts and 30 "communes" or municipalities.


Khenchela Province

Khenchela Province is a province of Algeria. The capital is Khenchela.

The province has 8 districts and 21 "communes" or municipalities.


Souk Ahras Province

Souk Ahras is a province in Algeria. The capital is Souk Ahras. It is on the border between Algeria and Tunisia.

The province has 10 districts and 26 "communes" or municipalities.


Tipasa Province

Tipaza or Tipasa is a province on the coast of Algeria. The capital is Tipasa. It is 50 km west of the capital of Algeria. 

The province has 10 districts and 28 "communes" or municipalities.


Mila Province

Mila is a province of Algeria. The capital is Mila. 

The province has 13 districts and 32 "communes" or municipalities.


Macquarie Island

Macquarie Island is a large island in the Southern Ocean. It is about south east of Tasmania, and about half way between Australia and Antarctica. The island became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1992. Macquarie Island is about long and wide. It was first discovered in July 1810, by Captain Hasselburgh, who was searching for places to hunt whales and seals. No people live there now. The only way to get to the island is by sea and there are no harbors to dock a ship.

The island was formed by two tectonic plates meeting and forcing each other upwards. "It is the only place on Earth where rocks from the Earth's mantle, below the ocean floor, are being pushed up above sea level". Confirmation is in this reference under section "Criterion (viii)".

Many birds and animals use Macquarie Island to breed. About 3.5 million seabirds and 80,000 elephant seals come to the island every year. Four types of penguins live on the island. There are about 850,000 royal penguins, 200,000 king penguins, 10,000 gentoo penguins, and rockhopper penguins with numbers thought to be between 20,000 and 1,000,000.

In 1977 Macquarie Island became a Biosphere Reserve. The coastal ecosystem is recognized as part of UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere (MAB) Programme.



Aïn Defla Province

Aïn Defla is a province in northern Algeria. It is southwest of Algiers, the capital. Towns in Ain Delfa include Miliana, Hammam Righa, and Aïn Torki.

The province has 14 districts and 36 municipalities.

The districts are:

Naama Province

Naâma is a province of Algeria. The capital is the town of Naâma. There is an airport in Mécheria.

The province has 7 districts and 12 "communes" or municipalities.


Aïn Témouchent Province

Aïn Témouchent is a province in northwestern Algeria. The capital is Aïn Témouchent.

The province has 8 districts and 28 municipalities.

The districts are:

Matilde Camus

Matilde Camus (26 September 1919 – 28 April 2012) was a Spanish poet who also wrote non-fiction. She was born in Santander, Cantabria.



Ghardaïa Province

Ghardaïa is a province in eastern Algeria. The capital is Ghardaïa. The M'Zab Valley, located there, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The province has 9 districts and 13 "communes" or municipalities.


Camus (disambiguation)

Camus could mean several things:

Relizane Province

Relizane is a province of Algeria. Relizane is the capital. 

The province has 13 districts and 38 "communes" or municipalities.


UTC+01:00

UTC+01:00 is the timezone for many places.

This time is used in:






Wāli

Wāli or vali is a title used during the Arab Empire and Ottoman Empire. It means governor. It is still used in some countries with Arabic culture.

In Algeria, a "wāli" is the "governor" of each of the 48 provinces. They are chosen by the president.

In Iran the governors are called Vāli.

In Turkey the head of the 81 provinces is called a wāli.

Shark Bay

Shark Bay is a large bay on the west coast of Western Australia. It is about north of Perth. In 1991, the bay, its islands, and the land around it were added to UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites. 

Shark Bay has three important features to protect. It has the largest seagrass beds in the world. These are home to about 10% of the world's dugongs. And at one end of the bay are stromatolites, which are the oldest form of life on the Earth. The protected area covers .

The area protected by the World Heritage Site is made up of different areas. About 70% of the site is marine environment protected by national parks and reserves, and includes of coastline. About 20% was used for farming, but half of this area has been taken over by the government and is now conservation area. About 6% is in national parks and reserves.




People's Provincial Assembly

The People's Municipal Assembly is the political group that rules the provinces of Algeria. The people are picked for five years. This assembly further elects a president, the "president of the People's Provincial Assembly".

Numidia

Numidia (202 BC – 46 BC) was an ancient Berber kingdom. It was in modern-day Algeria and a smaller part of western Tunisia in North Africa. It was the first major state in the history of Algeria and the Berber world.

Rustamid

The Rustamid (or "Rustumid", "Rostemid") ruled part of North Africa in the from the 700's to 909. It was a Muslim theocracy. The capital was Tahert. It was in present-day Algeria. The group had a Persian origin. No one knows how big their land was but it went as far east as Jabal Nafusa in Libya.


Zirid dynasty

The Zirid dynasty were a Berber group. They were from what is now modern Algeria. The capital was Kairouan. 

The Hammadids came from this group.


Stonehenge, Avebury and Associated Sites

Stonehenge, Avebury and Associated Sites is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Wiltshire, England.

Stonehenge and Avebury are groups of large stones called megaliths. Both sites are circles of stones which are placed in a pattern. In each, the placement of the stones and spaces between them may have astronomical meaning.
The creation of Stonehenge and Avebury dates from the Bronze Age.

Avebury is to the north of Stonehenge. It is Europe's largest prehistoric stone circle. It has about 100 megaliths.
Small sites of prehistoric stones are nearby, including Silbury Hill, Windmill Hill, West Kennet Long Barrow, and Overton Hill.



Hammadid dynasty

The Hammadids were a Berber group. It was in what is now north-eastern modern Algeria. It existed from about 1008 to 1152. They were destroyed by the Almohads. 

The capital was first Qalaat Beni Hammad. It is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In 1090 the capital was changed to Béjaïa.


French colonial empire

The French colonial Empire (French: "Empire colonial français") was land controlled by the French from the 16th century to the late 1960s. In the 17th and 18th centuries France gained and lost large territories in North America and India. Like the other empires of the time, was powered by slaves captured from Africa. The Haitian Revolution, when many of these slaves in the colony of Saint Domingue fought and defeated the French, caused major changes in the empire.

Sometimes, people say there was a first and a second French colonial empire. The "First French Colonial Empire" was from the French colonization of the Americas to the Napoleonic Wars. The "Second French Colonial Empire" is the French colonies in Africa.

From the 16th to the 17th centuries, the First French colonial empire had a total area of over 10,000,000 square kilometres (3,900,000 sq mi), at its peak in 1680. At the time, it was the second-largest empire in the world, behind the Spanish Empire. In terms of land area, the Second French colonial empire extended to over 13,500,000 square kilometres (5,200,000 sq mi) at its peak in 1936. It was also the second largest in the world at the time, at 10% of the world's land area. The total land area of the first and second French colonial empire combined reached 24,000,000 square kilometres (9,300,000 sq mi).

France began to establish colonies in North America, the Caribbean and India in the 17th century, but lost most of them after losing in the Seven Years' War. The North American colonies were lost to Britain and Spain. Spain returned Louisiana (New France) to France in 1800. Then, France sold it to the United States in 1803. France rebuilt a new empire mostly after 1850, mostly in Africa, but also in Indochina and in the South Pacific. It started to trade with the countries by supplying raw materials and purchasing manufactured items. Rebuilding an empire improved French reputation as an international power by spreading the French language and the Catholic religion. It also provided more men to fight in the World Wars.

A major goal was the "Civilizing Mission" (French: "Mission civilisatrice"). 'Civilizing' the populations of Africa by spreading language and religion was used to explain how the French colonial project worked. France sent small numbers of settlers to its empire, with the notable exception of Algeria, where the French settlers took power while being a minority.

Algerian dinar

The dinar is the money of Algeria. 100 "santeem" make 1 dinar. The name "dinar" comes from the Roman denarius. Algeria started using the dinar on 1 April 1964.

Central Atlas Tamazight

Central Atlas Tamazight, also known as Central Morocco Tamazight is a Berber language. It is of the Afro-Asiatic language family. it is spoken by 3 to 5 million people in Central Morocco, and by smaller communities in France and elsewhere. It is an official language of Morocco.

Central Atlas Tamazight is one of the four most-spoken Berber languages. The other ones are Kabyle, Shilha, and Riff.

Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine

The was a silver mine in the city of Ōda, Shimane Prefecture. It was the largest silver mine in Japanese history. Iwami Ginzan was active for almost four hundred years. It was discovered in 1526 and closed in 1923. 

Today the mine has become an open-air museum. It was named a World Heritage Site in 2007.

Kamiya Jutei, a Japanese merchant, started the mine in 1526. By the early 1600s the mine was producing approximately 38 tons of silver a year. That was one third of the world's production at that time. 

Warlords fought over the mine until the Tokugawa Shogunate took control of it in 1600 after the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600. Yamabuki Castle was built in the center of the complex. The mine produced less in the nineteenth century as it had trouble competing with other mines. It closed in 1923.

Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine was very important in East Asian trade because silver was the main currency. The silver mined at Iwami Ginzan was very high quality. From 17th century, coins made of the silver from the mine were not only one of the basic currencies in Japan but also used in the trade with China, Portugal and the Netherlands.

The Japanese Government named the mining town as a Special Preservation District for Groups of Historic Buildings in 1969. The government also applied for it to become a World Heritage Site. The application succeeded in July 2007, although the International Council on Monuments and Sites (ICOSMOS) did not find any "outstanding universal value" of the site.



Shrines and Temples of Nikkō

The site covers 103 buildings or structures and the natural area around them. Two Shinto shrines and one Buddhist temple are included in the site. 

The area of Nikko has been a Shinto forest since pre-historic times. It has had Buddhist temples since the 9th century. Thousands of Japanese cedars were planted in the early 17th century

The shrines and temples of Nikkō are closely related to the history of the Tokugawa Shoguns. 

In 1871, the Shinto areas and Buddhist areas were separated. Three sites were identified -- two Shinto shrine complexes and one Buddhist temple complex. 

After the "Law on the Preservation of Shrines and Temples" in 1897, Nikkō was protected by the Japanese government. 
Nikkō's shrines and temples were named a World Heritage Site in 1999.




In 2012, the World Heritage Site covers nine National Treasures of Japan and many "Important Cultural Properties".

Many gates and buildings at Nikkō have very detailed carvings. The use of color is based on records dating back to 1753. The very precise descriptions of the architectural structures
and the decorative works are used by experts who want to preserve history at Nikkō.


Wet Tropics of Queensland

The Wet Tropics of Queensland is a UNESCO World Heritage Site which has "the oldest continuously surviving tropical rainforests on Earth". The forests date from the Mesozoic era when the climate of Australia (and the world) was much more tropical than today. Originally, the rain forest area covered a much wider area than today. Today it is just a narrow strip along the east coast of Queensland. It starts just north of Townsville and continues to just south of Cooktown, a distance of about . 

The wet tropics cover an area of in 730 separate blocks of land. It includes 41 national parks covering. About 80% of the site is tropical rainforest. It is interesting because it is very old forest, and is a living record of 415 million years of evolution, going back to Pangea and Gondwana. All of Australia's marsupials, and many of its other animals, evolved in tropical rainforests, and many of their closest surviving ancestors still live in the Wet Tropics of Queensland.


The Last Temptation of Christ

The Last Temptation of Christ is a 1988 American drama movie. It is based on the 1953 novel of the same name. Martin Scorsese directed the movie. It stars Willem Dafoe as Jesus, Harvey Keitel as Judas and Barbara Hershey as Mary Magdalene. This movie was highly controversial on multiple levels: certain countries went as far as banning it. Furthermore, certain video stores, such as Blockbuster, would not carry the movie or make it available for rental due to the controversy. This movie was released on August 12, 1988.

Flag of Andorra

The national flag of the Andorra was adopted in 1866. The flag is a vertical tricolour of blue, yellow, and red. The Coat of arms of Andorra is in the centre. The three vertical bars look of equal width but the centre yellow bar is slightly wider than the other two. The ratio of bar widths is 8:9:8. 

The look of the flag is from the flags of France and Spain.

The motto in the coat of arms in the middle stripe "Virtus Unita Fortior" means "Strength United is Stronger".

Important Cultural Properties of Japan

Japan's government made a Law for the Protection of Cultural Properties a to protect its culture. It chooses important items and names them as Cultural Properties The law sets rules about changing, repairing, or exporting these items.

There is also , which sets a lower level of protection and support for Registered Cultural Properties than for Designated Cultural Properties.

There are different levels of designation. Designation can be at a , or level.

Designations of a different level can coexist. For example, Sankei-en, a traditional Japanese-style garden in Naka Ward, Yokohama, owns both city designated and nationally designated Important Cultural Properties.

Coat of arms of Andorra

The coat of arms of Andorra has been used for centuries. Below the shield arms is Andorra's national motto ' (Latin for '). The coat of arms also appears on the Flag of Andorra.

El gran Carlemany

"El Gran Carlemany" (, meaning "The Grand Charlemagne") is the national anthem of Andorra. Enric Marfany Bons wrote the song, and Joan Benlloch i Vivó composed the music for the song. It started to be used in 1921.

Andorran

Andorran may mean:

Spaniards

Spaniards, or Spanish people, are a predominantly Romance-speaking ethnic group native to Spain. Latin America has the largest population of people of Spain descent, people with full or partial (Mestizo) ancestry. 

Joan Enric Vives Sicília

Archbishop Joan Enric Vives i Sicília (born 24 July 1949) is the current Bishop of Urgell and Co-Prince of Andorra.

Born in Barcelona, he became a priest in 1974. On 19 March 2010, he became an archbishop.

Nemesi Marqués Oste

Nemesi Marquès Oste (born 17 May 1935) is the personal representative to Andorra of the Bishop of Urgell. He is a Roman Catholic priest.

Saltaire

Saltaire is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the City of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. The site is a complete and well-preserved industrial village of the second half of the 19th century. It has textile mills, public buildings and workers' housing.

Construction of Saltaire was started in 1851 by Sir Titus Salt. The name of the village is a combination of the founder's last name and the name of the Aire River which runs through it.

Salt owned several textile mills Yorkshire. In 1853, he moved his businesses and his workers to Saltaire.

In time, the new village grew to over 800 dwellings.

In 1933, the village was sold the Bradford Property Trust. The mill closed down in 1986.

In 2001, Saltaire was named a World Heritage Site.



Christian Frémont

Christian Frémont (23 April 1942 - 3 August 2014) was the chief of staff of Nicolas Sarkozy. He was the French Representative to Andorra from 24 September 2008 to 15 May 2012. 

Frémont died in Paris, France from cancer, aged 72.

Antoni Martí

Antoni Martí Petit (30 July 1963 – 6 November 2023) was an Andorran architect and politician. He was the Prime Minister from 11 May 2011 to 16 May 2019. 

Martí died on 6 November 2023, at a hospital in Meritxell, Andorra from cardiac arrest at the age of 60.

Paréage

A Paréage is an agreement between two rulers who were equal. It was used in Medieval France. The most famous paréage was in 1278. It created Andorra.

Crown of Aragon

The Crown of Aragon was a joining of multiple titles and states in the hands of the King of the Crown of Aragon. In the 14th and 15th the land of Aragon covered most of present-day France and Spain. The political center was at Barcelona.

List of countries by GDP (PPP)

All figures are in current international dollars (Int$).


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha is a British Overseas Territory. It is in the South Atlantic Ocean and is made up of the island of Saint Helena, Ascension Island and the island group called Tristan da Cunha. In total, there are eight islands and the main is St Helena with a total area for the territory of .

It was known as Saint Helena and Dependencies until 1 September 2009. At that time a new constitution gave an equal status to all the islands in the territory.

Of volcanic origin, the islands of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha were all formerly separate colonies of the English crown, though separately discovered by several Portuguese explorers between 1502 and 1504.

Going to India, in May 1501, the Portuguese admiral João da Nova saw the Ascension island in the South Atlantic. On his return journey, Nova is said to have discovered the South Atlantic island of St Helena on 21 May 1502, the feast day of Helena of Constantinople.

Another Portuguese, Tristan da Cunha () discovered a group of islands in 1506 and gave its name to the principal island of the group () but it was soon changed to "Tristan da Cunha".

The Portuguese found that nobody was living in the St Helena island, with forests and fresh water. They built a timber chapel in the valley where later Jamestown was built.Though they formed no permanent settlement, the island became very important for ships coming from Asia and going back to Europe.

During the first years of the 16th century, the island of St Helena was used as a place to stop by the Portuguese, Dutch, English and French on their way to India and other Asian countries.

The Netherlands took St Helena from 1645 to 1659. In 1657, the English East India Company was given a permit to govern St Helena by Oliver Cromwell, and the following year the Company decided to colonise the island with farmers. The first governor, Captain John Dutton, arrived in 1659, and it is from this date that St Helena claims to be Britain’s second oldest (remaining) colony (after Bermuda). A fort was completed and a number of houses were built. After the Restoration of the English monarchy in 1660, the East India Company received a Royal permit to start a colony in the island. The fort was named "James Fort" and the town "Jamestown", in honour of the Duke of York, later King James II of England.

In 1815, the British government decided to use the island of St. Helena as a place of detention for Napoleon Bonaparte. To prevent any attempt to escape from the nearby islands, they formally annexed the islands of Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. In 1821, Napoleon died on the island of St Helena.

On 22 April 1834, the island of St Helena became a colony of the British crown. In 1922, the Ascension then was attached as a dependency followed by the Tristan da Cunha Island 12 January 1938 .

During the Second Boer War (1899-1902), the island of St. Helena served as camp for about 5,000 prisoners of war.

During the Second World War, the Ascension was leased to the United States who established a base for their airplanes.

In 1961, a volcanic eruption on Tristan da Cunha forced authorities to evacuate the entire population of the island to the United Kingdom. The people of Tristan da Cunha could not return to the island until 1963.

There is a huge distance between the northern and the southern points of the territory. The northern-most island, Ascension, is at latitude of the equator and the southern-most island, Gough Island is at . Between St Helena and Tristan da Cunha is the Tropic of Capricorn. The distance between the northern tip of Ascension Island and the southern tip of Gough Island is . The whole territory lies in the Western Hemisphere and has the same time zone: Greenwich Mean Time. Daylight saving time is not observed.

There are eight islands in the Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha territory:

Ascension has a warm, arid climate, but it is more moderated (and arid near the sea) in St Helena; Tristan da Cunha is much cooler. The highest point of the territory is Queen Mary's Peak on the island of Tristan da Cunha, with an elevation of above sea level.

Although all three parts of the territory were formed by volcanic activity, only the Tristan da Cunha group of islands are active at the moment.

Administratively, the territory is divided into the same three parts as the territory's geography, namely Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. Each is governed by a council. The Governor of the territory is the representative of the British monarch across the territory and presides over the St Helena Legislative Council, while he or she is represented by an Administrator on Ascension Island and an Administrator on Tristan da Cunha that preside over these two areas' Island Councils.

The island of St Helena is divided into eight districts.

With a population of 6,567 inhabitants in the census of 1998 (estimated to be 7,754 in 2013), the territory appears as one of the least populated British territory. The largest city of the territory is the capital, Jamestown, with a population of 1,000 in 2009.

Approximately 50% of the population are of African origin while the descendants of Europeans (British and Scandinavian) and Chinese each represent a quarter of the population.

The inhabitants are mostly Anglicans, but there are Baptists, Adventists and Catholics.

The islands had a very simple economy the mid-1960s, mainly based on the culture of New Zealand flax, a plant of the genus "Phormium", that was used to produce fibers and ropes. Agriculture is now mainly for food, except for a bit of coffee.

Fishing remains the only really important activity on the island, but the territory is almost entirely supported by the help from United Kingdom, particularly through the U.S. and British facilities in the Ascension Island, which employ about 25% of the population.

The tourism industry in St Helena is not well developed and is based on the fact that Napoleon lived and died here.



Canillo

Canillo is one of the seven parishes of Andorra. It is in the northeast of the country. Canillo is also the name of the main town of the parish.

The town of Canillo is the religious centre of Andorra because here is the "Mare de Déu de Meritxell" ("Our Lady of Meritxell") Basilica. Our Lady of Meritxell is the patron saint of Andorra.

The Canillo parish is in the northeastern part of the country and borders with the Ariège department to the north and east, with the Pyrénées-Orientales department (France) to the southeast, with the Encamp parish to the south and the Ordino parish to the west.

The highest mountain in the parish is "Pic de l'Estanyó" () with an elevation of above sea level; it is on the border with the Ordino parish.

The main river in Canillo is the "Valira d'Orient", also known as "Valira d’Encamp".

The largest lake of Andorra, "Estany de Juclà" ("Juclar lake"), is in the Canillo parish; it has an area of .

The parish had a population, in 2015, of 4,124 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
Evolution of the population in Canillo

The urban areas in the parish are:

The main economic activity is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination during winter.


Encamp

Encamp is one of the seven parishes of Andorra. It is in the east central part of the country. Encamp is also the name of the main town of the parish.

The Encamp parish is in the east central part of the country and borders with the Canillo parish to the north, with the Pyrénées-Orientales department (France) to the east, with Spain to the southeast, with the Escaldes-Engordany parish to the south, with the La Massana parish to the west and the Ordino parish to the northwest.

The highest mountain in the parish is "Pic del Pessons" () with an elevation of above sea level.

The main river in Encamp is the "Valira d'Orient".

The parish had a population, in 2015, of 12,212 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
Evolution of the population in Encamp

The urban areas in the parish are:

The main economic activity is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination.


Escaldes-Engordany

Escaldes-Engordany is one of the seven parishes of Andorra. It is in the southeast of the country. Escaldes-Engordany is also the name of the main town of the parish.

The Escaldes-Engordany parish was created in 1978 with part of the territory of the Andorra la Vella parish with two urban areas: Escaldes and Engordany. With time, these two towns were combined to form the present capital of the parish.

The Escaldes-Engordany parish is in the southeast of the country and borders with the Encamp parish to the north, with the Sant Julià de Lòria parish to the southwest, with the Andorra la Vella parish to the west and the La Massana parish to the northwest. Spain is to the east and south of the parish.

The highest mountain in the parish is "Tossa Plana" () with an elevation of above sea level. It is in the southeast of the parish, on the border with Spain.

The main rivers in Escaldes-Engordany are the "Valira del Nord" and the "Valira d'Orient"; they form the "Gran Valira" after their confluence in Escaldes-Engordany. Other river is the "Madriu".

The town of Escaldes-Engordany is the capital of the parish; it is in the northwest of the parish, close to the town of Andorra la Vella, forming the largest urban area of the country.

The parish had a population, in 2015, of 14,367 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
Evolution of the population in Escaldes-Engordany

The urban areas in the parish are:

The main economic activity is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination.


La Massana

La Massana (originally "La Maçana") is one of the seven parishes of Andorra. It is in the northwest of the country. La Massana is also the name of the main town of the parish.

The name Massana derives from the Latin name "mattianam" for a variety of apple.

The La Massana parish is in the northwest of the country and borders with the Ordino parish to the north, with the Ordino and Encamp parishes to the east, with the Andorra la Vella and the Escaldes-Engordany parishes to the south, with France (Ariège department) and Spain to the west.

The town of La Massana has an average elevation of above sea level.

In the La Massana parish are the highest mountains of Andorra, including:

The main river in the parish is the "Valira del Nord" (or "Valira d'Ordino") river, one of the two branches that form the Valira river. There are several small lakes in the parish; the main lakes are "Estanys Forcats", "Estany de Les Truites" and "Estany Negre".

The parish had a population, in 2015, of 10,359 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
Evolution of the population in La Massana

There are other villages and hamlets besides the main town of La Massana in the parish:

The main economic activity is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination. In winter, the main activities are skiing, snowboarding, and ski ski biking. The main ski resort, Vallnord, includes the Arinsal and Pal sectors. In summer, the main activities are hiking, climbing, mountain biking and canyoning.

Farming is also an important economic activity in the parish; here tobacco, vegetables (mainly potatoes), and cereals are grown.


Ordino

Ordino is one of the parishes of Andorra. It is the most northern parish of the country. Ordino is also the name of the main town of the parish. In the parish is the Parc Natural de Sorteny ("Sorteny Natural Park"), the largest nature area of Andorra.

Ordino is known for the several places where the iron ore was melted between the XVII and the XIX centuries. Besides being the industrial centre of Andorra, Ordino is considered the cultural centre of Andorra. Here Antoni Fiter i Rossell wrote the "Manual Digest" (1748), called the "Bible of Andorra," which tells the history, the government and the Andorran customs.

The town of Ordino, the capital of the parish, is at above sea level. Most of the parish is in the valley of the "Valira del Nord" (or "Valira d'Ordino") river, in the northwest of the country.

Ordino borders with France (Ariège department) to the north, with the Canillo parish to the east, the Encamp parish to the southeast and the La Massana parish to the south and the west.

Some of the highest mountains of Andorra are in the Ordino parish; some of them are:

The town of Ordino is on the slopes of the "Pic de Casamanya" (or just "Casamanya"); it is high.

The main river in the parish is the "Valira del Nord" (or "Valira d'Ordino") river, one of the two branches that form the Valira river.

The parish had a population, in 2015 of 4,687 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
Evolution of the population in Ordino

There are other villages and hamlets besides the main town of Ordino in the parish:


Sant Julià de Lòria

Sant Julià de Lòria is one of the parishes of Andorra. It is the most southern parish of the country. Sant Julià de Lòria is also the name of the main town of the parish. The University of Andorra is in the parish.

The parish has an altitude of ; the town of Sant Julià de Lòria is at high, the lowest settlement in Andorra. The Valira river (or "Gran Valira"), the biggest river in the country, flows through the parish.

Sant Julià de Lòria borders with the Andorra la Vella parish to the north, with the Escaldes-Engordany parish to the northeast and with Spain to the east, south and west.

The highest mountain in the parish is "Pic Negre Norte" () with an elevation of above sea level; it is on the border with the Escaldes-Engordany parish.

The parish had a population, in 2015 of 9,379 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
Evolution of the population in Sant Julià de Lòria

There are other villages and hamlets besides the main town of Sant Julià de Lòria in the parish:


Coma Pedrosa

Coma Pedrosa is the highest mountain in Andorra. It is popular with mountain climbers. The nearest town is Arinsal, La Massana.

Our Lady of Meritxell

Our Lady of Meritxell is the patron saint of Andorra. It is a Roman Catholic statue showing the Virgin Mary. The original statue is from the late 12th century. But the chapel it was in burned down on September 8 and 9, 1972. The statue was destroyed. A copy was made in 1976 by Ricardo Bofill.

Rheumatoid arthritis

Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a serious, painful, and chronic (long-lasting) disease. It is an autoimmune disease - a disease where the body's immune system attacks healthy cells. When a person has RA, their immune system attacks the joints and the tissues around the joints in the body. This causes different problems, like:

Eventually, RA can destroy a person's articular cartilage. Normally, articular (having to do with the joints) cartilage covers the end of bones where they come together to form joints. This keeps the bones from rubbing against each other. If the articular cartilage has been destroyed by RA, the bones will rub against each other, which is very painful.

No one knows what causes RA, but some theories are that it has to do with hormones, environment, infection and genes. There is no cure, but doctors have determined ways to help slow down and reduce the impact of the disease. Women are two to three times as likely as men to get rheumatoid arthritis. Most cases of RA occur in people between the ages of 25 and 55.

RA was first recognized around 1800 by Dr. Augustin Jacob Landré-Beauvais.

Symptoms may include:

Often, people with RA also develop anemia, a different disease that causes a person to have not enough blood cells in the blood. 

Less often, a person with RA could have:

World Heritage Committee

The World Heritage Committee is the group which decides on the places to be listed as UNESCO World Heritage Sites. It makes sure that the agreements in World Heritage Convention are followed. It also decides how the money in the World Heritage Fund is spent. The committee has 21 members who are elected from the 188 countries that have agreed to the World Heritage Convention.

According to the World Heritage Convention, committee members are elected for six years, however many of the representatives choose to be on the committee for only four years. This gives more countries a chance to take part. At the 15th General Assembly (2005) all the committee members agreed to serve for only four years.

The World Heritage Committee meets many times a year to discuss the management of existing World Heritage Sites, and to look at possible new sites. A special meeting, known as the World Heritage Committee Session, takes place each year where sites are added (inscribed) to the World Heritage List.

The annual session takes place in cities all over the world. With the exception of meetings held in Paris, where the UNESCO headquarter office is located, only countries who are members of the World Heritage Committee have the right to hold a Session. The cities are decided by the Committee.


Willandra Lakes Region

The Willandra Lakes Region is a World Heritage Site that covers 2,400 square kilometres in south-western New South Wales, Australia. It includes important natural and cultural features. The lakes were formed about two million years ago, but are now dry. The Australian Aborigines camped around the lakes, especially in the sand dunes on the lake shores for at least 50,000 years. These dunes are crescent shaped, and are called lunettes. The world's oldest cremation, of an woman more than 40,000 years ago, was found in a lunette at Lake Mungo. A small section of the region is protected by the Mungo National Park. As well as Lake Mungo, there is also Lake Mulurulu which was the last lake to hold water, the Prungle lakes which have been dry for more than 20,000 years, and Lake Chibnalwood which has a 30 metre high lunette, one of the biggest in the world.

The Willandra Lakes Region was added to the Australian National Heritage List in May 2007.




Sloth (deadly sin)

In Christianity, Sloth is about a person not wanting to work, because of their lack of motivation. The person will be physically inactive and neglect what God has said. Very often, this will lead to resources being wasted. As an example, sloth is about a person not helping those in need, even though they would be able to. Sloth is one of the seven capital sins, which are also called seven deadly sins.

For Protestants, Diligence (or hard work) is one of the ways to please God. Max Weber (1864-1920) treats this in his work The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism. In his work "Anthropologie in pragmatischer Hinsicht", Immanuel Kant stated that of the capital sins sloth, cowardice and falsehood, the first one is the most despicable. However, he also sees this as a measure of self-protection of the individual, as long phases of hard work will lead a person to become tired, and to make short pauses between intervals of work. Without these pauses, the restless malice that is in the world would do a far greater amount of damage. In 1846, Louis Blanc wrote about the right to work. There was a financial crisis at the time, and many people were unemployed. The crisis led to the French Revolution of 1848.
In 1880, the Socialist Paul Lafargue published an essay called "The Right to be Lazy", where he explains that the worker should have a right to be lazy.

Ponte Buggianese

Ponte Buggianese is an Italian town in the province of Pistoia, Tuscany. About 8,876 people lived there as of 2011.

The Hardy Boys

The Hardy Boys are two American fictional teenage brothers and the main characters in a series of mystery books for children and teens launched in 1927. Edward Stratemeyer, the founder of the book-packaging Stratemeyer Syndicate, created the concept, but the books were written by several ghostwriters over the years under the pseudonym Franklin W. Dixon. 

The series overview is simple. Frank and Joe Hardy are two high school boys in their late teens. They live in the fictional city of Bayport with their famous private detective father Fenton Hardy. The boys sometimes help their father with his cases, but, at other times, they find and solve their own. 

In 1959, the books were revised to eliminate objectionable material, and rewritten in a simpler style. New series were launched in 1987, 1997, and 2005. The original Hardy Boys Mystery Stories series ended in 2005. Some stories were adapted for television programs. Critics have offered many explanations for the Hardy Boys popularity including escapism, homosociality, and the triumph of good over evil.

The Hardy Boys are fictional teenage brothers and amateur detectives. They live in the fictional city of Bayport on the Atlantic Coast with their father, internationally famous private detective Fenton Hardy. The boys are in their late teens, have their own car, and are in the same grade in high school. Friends Chet Morton and Biff Hooper sometimes help the Hardys solve their cases. The boys have enough money to travel around the United States and even the world in pursuit of cases. Frank and Joe are very much alike, but "Frank was the thinker while Joe was more impulsive, and perhaps a little more athletic."

Edward Stratemeyer, founder of the Stratemeyer Syndicate, came up with the idea of mystery-solving brothers in 1926. Publishers Grosset & Dunlap approved the idea, and the name "The Hardy Boys" was chosen for the series. The books were written under the pseudonym Franklin W. Dixon, by ghostwriters who signed away their rights to authorship, pseudonyms, and future royalties. The first three books were published in 1927, and were an instant success. By mid-1929, over 115,000 books had been sold. The Stratemeyer Syndicate received all royalties, and their offices handled all correspondence. Public and school libraries agreed to keep the ghostwriters' names secret.
The earliest books are known for their atmosphere, detail, and clear writing style. Between 1938 to 1942 futuristic gadgetry and exotic locations were introduced to the series. The world in these early books is a dark and "divided place". Police and authority figures usually come off poorly; the rich are portrayed as greedy and selfish; and racial stereotypes abound. Parents complained and a revision project was undertaken in 1959. Texts were streamlined; stereotypes eliminated; plots were rewritten, lurid elements deleted, chapters per book were reduced, slang and difficult words were deleted, and the writing style was tightened. The revised versions focused on non-stop action rather than atmosphere and suspense, and were meant for a younger audience with short attention spans. Commentators thought the originals had been "gutted".

Thereafter, the books became more respectful of law and authority. Villains no longer smoked or drank, and scenes involving guns and shoot-outs were removed. The boys, too, become more respectful of rules and law: they drove within the speed limit, for example, even in pursuit of a villain. The Hardys became upscale and lost touch with the typical boy who bought their books. They became "members and agents of the adult ruling class, acting on behalf of that ruling class."

New series were launched in the last decades of the 20th century: the Hardy Boys Casefiles in 1987 and the Clues Brothers in 1997. The boys have distinct personalities and carry guns in the Casefiles series. The long-running Hardy Boys Mystery Stories series ended in 2005, and was replaced with "The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers". In these books, the boys take turns narrating their adventures, and are given their cases by a secret group called American Teens Against Crime (ATAC). The Hardys were also featured in a graphic novel series (2005), and a chapter book series for early readers called The Hardy Boys: Secret Files (2010).

The Hardy Boys have been called "a cultural touchstone all over the world". The books have been translated into over 25 languages. The books have been continuously in print since 1927. The series was an instant success: by mid-1929 over 115,000 books had been sold, and as of 2008 the books were selling over a million copies a year. The first Hardy Boys book, "The Tower Treasure", sells over 100,000 copies a year. Worldwide, over 70 million copies of Hardy Books have been sold.

The longest-running series of books to feature the Hardy Boys is the Hardy Boys Mystery Stories, sometimes also called the Hardy Boys Mysteries. The series ran from 1927 to 2005 and comprises 190 books. Some consider only the first 58 volumes of this series to be part of the Hardy Boys canon. The Hardy Boys also appeared in 127 volumes of the Casefiles series and are the heroes of the Undercover Brothers series. The Hardy Boys are largely successful because their adventures represent "a victory over anxiety". The series teaches readers that "although the world can be an out-of-control place, good "can" triumph over evil, that the worst problems can be solved if we each do our share and our best to help others."







The various Hardy Boys series offer readers an escape from the everyday world into one of mystery and adventure with two self-controlled, gentlemanly, homosocial, idealized young white males who are the equals of their father (and other men) in intelligence and powers of deduction. Their ignorance of sex, their "squareness" (socially conventional), their respect for the law, and their homosociality have generated parodies such as "The Hardy Boys and the Mystery of Where Babies Come From", "The Secret of the Old Queen: A Hardy Boys Musical", and "A Ghost in the Closet: A Hardly Boys Mystery".


1. tower treasure
2. house on cliff
3. secret of old mill
4. missing chums
5. hidden gold
6. shore road
7. caves
8. cabin island
9. airport
10. midnight
11. clock
12. footprins


Stella McCartney

Stella Nina McCartney, (born 13 September 1971 ) is an English fashion designer. She is the daughter of former Beatles member Sir Paul McCartney and American photographer and animal rights activist Linda McCartney.

McCartney was born at King’s College Hospital in London, England, She is second child of American photographer Linda McCartney and former Beatle Paul McCartney. She is named after her maternal great-grandmothers both of Linda McCartney's grandmothers were named Stella.

Chunseong

Chunseong (춘성 ; 春城, March 30, 1891 - August 22, 1977) was a philosopher, Buddhist monk, scholar, poet, and writer from South Korea.




Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara

Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara is the UNESCO World Heritage Site in Nara in Nara Prefecture, Japan. 

The site covers eight places in the old capital city of Nara. Five are Buddhist temples, one is a Shinto shrine, one is a Palace and one a primeval forest. 

Nara was the capital of Japan from 710 to 784. The city's historic structures show what life was like in the Japanese capital in the 8th century.

All of the shrine and temple compounds have been recognized as "Historic Sites". The Nara Palace has been named as a "Special Historic Site". The Kasugayama forest is a Special "Natural Monument".

The several properties include 26 buildings which have been named by the Japanese Government as "National Treasures". Also, there are 53 buildings which have been named as "Important Cultural Properties". 

In 1998, UNESCO listed parts of Nara as a World Heritage Site.


University of Valparaíso

University of Valparaíso () is a Chilean university. It is part of the Chilean Traditional Universities in Valparaíso.


Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto (Kyoto, Uji and Otsu Cities)

Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto (Kyoto, Uji and Otsu Cities) is the UNESCO World Heritage Site in Kyoto in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. 

The site covers 17 locations in three cities in Kyoto, in Uji (Kyoto Prefecture) and in Ōtsu (Shiga Prefecture). Three of these places are Shinto shrines and 13 are Buddhist temples. A castle is also included in the group. 

Kyoto was Japan's capital city from 794 until the late-19th century. Some of the city's historic structures show what life was like in the capital in those centuries.

The World Heritage Site has 17 properties which were established between the 10th century and the 19th century. Each is representative of the period in which it was built.

The several properties include 38 buildings which have been identified by the Japanese Government as "National Treasures". There are 160 properties which have been named as "Important Cultural Properties". There are 8 gardens which have been recognized as "Special Places of Scenic Beauty". There are 4 designated as "Places of Scenic Beauty". 

In 1994, UNESCO listed parts of Kyoto as a World Heritage Site.


Vredefort crater

Vredefort crater is the largest "verified" impact crater on Earth. That means we know for certain it was caused by an asteroid or meteorite strike. The crater is in the Free State Province of South Africa. 

In 2005, the Vredefort Dome was added to the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites as a natural site of geologic interest.

The asteroid that hit Vredefort was one of the largest ever to strike Earth since the Hadean eon. The Vredefort hit was some two billion years ago. The bolide is thought to have been about 5–10 km (3–6 miles) in diameter. 

The crater has a diameter of roughly , larger than the Sudbury Basin and the Chicxulub crater. This makes Vredefort the largest known impact structure on Earth. If the Wilkes Land crater in Antarctica is an impact crater then it is the largest known at diameter.

The Vredefort crater's age is about two billion (10) years old, which puts it in the Palaeoproterozoic era. It is the second-oldest known crater on Earth, a little less than 300 million years younger than the Suavjärvi crater in Russia. In comparison, it is about 10% older than the Sudbury Basin impact (at 1.849 billion years).

It was originally thought that the crater was formed by a volcanic explosion, but in the mid 1990s evidence showed that it was the site of a huge bolide impact. Telltale shatter cones were discovered in the bed of the nearby Vaal River. 

The Vredefort crater site is one of the few multi-ringed impact craters on Earth, although they are more common elsewhere in the Solar System. Perhaps the best-known example is Valhalla crater on Jupiter's moon Callisto, although Earth's Moon has a number as well. Geological processes, such as erosion and plate tectonics, have removed most multi-ring craters on Earth.

The nearby Bushveld Igneous Complex (BIC) and Witwatersrand Basin were created during this same period, leading to speculation that the bolide was big and fast enough to cause local volcanism. The BIC is where most of the world's known reserves of platinum group metals (PGMs) are found, while the Witwatersrand basin holds most of the known reserves of gold.

The Vredefort dome in the center of the crater is home to three towns: Parys, Vredefort and Koppies.

Chinese Crested Dog

The Chinese crested dog is a hairless dog breed. The breed probably did not actually come from China. It is the most common hairless dog breed. However, some of them do have fur. Other hairless dog breeds are the American Hairless Terrier, Mexican Hairless Dog, Peruvian Hairless Dog, and Hairless Khala. Hairless Chinese cresteds often win the World's Ugliest Dog Contest, which takes place every year in Petaluma, California.

The Chinese crested is a friendly, intelligent animal.

Universitat d'Andorra

The University of Andorra () is a public school of higher education. It was formed in 1997. It is the only university in Andorra. The university has a school of nursing, a school of management and computer science, and a center for online studies.

Telephone numbers in Andorra

Telephone numbers in Andorra are six digits, with fixed line numbers beginning with the digits 8 and 7 and mobile telephone numbers with the digits 3, 4 and 6.

Until 17 December 1994, Andorra was part of the French numbering plan, with the prefix 0628. Since 1994, Andorra has its own country code +376. 


List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita

This is a list of countries of the world sorted by their gross domestic product (GDP) per capita. GDP per capita is a measurement used to determine economic growth and potential increases in productivity and is calculated by taking the GDP and dividing it by the total population in the country. It is used to describe the standard of living of a population, with a higher gross domestic product per capita country ranking a higher standard of living is possible for its population. Although GDP per capita is an important and widely used indicator of countries’ level of economic welfare, "consumption per capita" may be more useful for comparing the relative welfare of consumers across various countries. GDP is the worth of all goods and services made in a country in a year. PPP is for purchasing power parity and it means how much money would be needed to buy the same item in two different countries. Per capita consumption is the yearly use of goods and services by each person. Per capita means per person.

List of countries by GDP (nominal)

Countries by Nominal GDP 2022 Estimates gdp 

List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita

The figures presented here do not take into account differences in the cost of living in different countries, and the results vary greatly from one year to another based on fluctuations in the exchange rates of the country's currency. Such fluctuations change a country's ranking from one year to the next, even though they often make little or no difference to the standard of living of its population.

Therefore, these figures should be used with caution. GDP per capita is often considered an indicator of a country's standard of living; however, this is problematic because GDP per capita .

Comparisons of national income are also frequently made on the basis of purchasing power parity (PPP), to adjust for differences in the cost of living in different countries. ("See" List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita.) PPP largely removes the exchange rate problem but not others; it does not reflect the value of economic output in international trade, and it also requires more estimation than GDP per capita. On the whole, PPP per capita figures are more narrowly spread than nominal GDP per capita figures.

Non-sovereign entities (the world, continents, and some dependent territories) and states with limited international recognition (such as Kosovo, Palestine and Taiwan) are included in the list in cases in which they appear in the sources. These economies are not ranked in the charts here, but are listed in sequence by GDP for comparison. In addition, non-sovereign entities are marked in "italics".

Note that many of leading GDP-per-capita (nominal) jurisdictions, such as Ireland, are tax haven's. Their GDP data are subject to material distortion by the tax planning activities of foreign multinationals. To address this, in 2017 the Central Bank of Ireland created "Modified gross national income|modified GNI" (or GNI*) as a more appropriate statistic, and the OECD and IMF have adopted it for Ireland.

All data are in current United States dollars.

"The table initially ranks each country or territory with their latest available estimates, and can be reranked by either of the sources"

Note: Data unavailable for the Falkland Islands, the Faroe Islands, Gibraltar, Guernsey, the Holy See (Vatican City), the Isle of Man, Jersey, Niue, the Pitcairn Islands, Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, Tokelau, the United States Virgin Islands, and Western Sahara.

Many of leading GDP-per-capita (nominal) jurisdictions are tax haven's whose economic data is artificially inflated by tax-driven corporate accounting entries.

For instance, the Irish GDP data above is subject to material distortion by the tax planning activities of foreign multinationals in Ireland. To address this, in 2017 the Central Bank of Ireland created "Modified gross national income|modified GNI" (or GNI*) as a more appropriate statistic, and the OECD and IMF have adopted it for Ireland. 2015 Irish GDP is 143% of 2015 Irish GNI*.

Further discussion on this topic can be found in the List of countries by GDP (PPP) per capita article.



Varicose veins

Varicose veins are a condition in which the veins in the leg area have become bigger. The condition not only looks bad, it also creates itching and painful problems.

Varicose veins are very common, affecting about 30% of people at some time in their lives. They become more common with age. Women develop varicose veins about twice as often as men. Varicose veins have been described throughout history and have been treated with surgery since at least A.D. 400.

Emblem of Angola

The Emblem of Angola is the national emblem. It shows the recent past of the new nation. There are Marxist pictures.

In the center is a machete and hoe. These show the revolution through which the nation gained independence, and the importance of agricultural workers. Above both emblems is a red star. The red star is often in many socialist images. The rising sun is the normal symbol of a new beginning. The half cog-wheel is for the industrial workers. The half vine of coffee and cotton leaves is for the coffee and cotton industry.

At the bottom is an open book that is for education. A banner reads "Republic of Angola" at the bottom, in Portuguese.

Angola Avante

"Angola Avante!" (; "Forward Angola!") is the national anthem of Angola. Manuel Rui Alves Monteiro wrote the words. Rui Alberto Vieira Dias Mingas wrote the music.

It was started in 1975 after independence from Portugal.

Chokwe language

Chokwe is the Bantu language spoken by the Chokwe people. It is used in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Angola and Zambia. It is a national language of Angola.

Umbundu

South Mbundu, or Umbundu is a language used by the Southern Mbundu people. They live in the central highlands of Angola. Umbundu is the most widespread Bantu language in Angola. About one third of Angola is the Ovimbundu people.


Kimbundu

North Mbundu, or Kimbundu, is one of two Bantu languages called Mbundu (see Umbundu). It is one of the most widely spoken Bantu languages in Angola. It is mostly in the north-west of the country, notably in the Luanda Province, the Bengo Province, the Malanje Province and the Cuanza Norte Province. It is spoken by the Ambundu.

Ganguela

Ganguela (pronunciation: gang'ela) or Nganguela is the name of a small ethnic group living in Angola.

All of these people live on agriculture, on the upbreeding of small animals, and from gathering wild fruit, honey and other eatable items. Each group has their own language.

Kwanyama

Kwanyama or Oshikwanyama is a national language of Angola and Namibia. It is a dialect of the Ovambo language.

 

Bengo Province

Bengo is a province of Angola. Its capital is Caxito. There are about 450,000 people.

The province is bordered by the provinces of Zaire to the North, Uige to the Northeast, Cuanza Norte to the East, and Cuanza Sul to the South. The Kissama National Park and the Kibinda Forest Reserve are here.

Benguela Province

Benguela is a province of Angola. Its capital is Benguela. There are about 600,000 people.

Bié Province

Bié is a province of Angola. It is on the Bié Plateau in central part of country. The capital is Kuito. There are about 800,000 people. 

The climate of Bié is fresh. The large amount of rainfall makes possible the culture of corn, sugar cane, rice, coffee and peanuts. The ground is one of the most fertile of Angola.

The Cuanza River flows through the province.

Bié was greatly affected by the Civil War. Agriculture stopped in several areas. Some of the rural population fled to the cities. The province capital Kuito was partly destroyed by bombing.

Cabinda Province

Cabinda (also spelled Kabinda, formerly Portuguese Congo) is a province of Angola. The capital city is also called Cabinda. The province is divided into four municipalities - Belize, Buco Zau, Cabinda and Landana.

Around 357,576 people live there.

Cabinda is separated from the rest of Angola by a narrow strip of land of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Cabinda is bordered on the north by the Republic of the Congo, and on the west by the Atlantic Ocean.

While the civil war in Angola ended in 2002, there is still fighting in Cabinda.

Riversleigh World Heritage Area

Riversleigh in north west Queensland, Australia, is one of the Australian Fossil Mammal Sites listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. The other is the Naracoorte Caves National Park in South Australia. The Riversleigh site is part of the Boodjamulla National Park. The fossil site covers an area of about 100 km².

The fossils that have been found are the remains of ancient mammals, birds and reptiles of Oligocene and Miocene epochs. The site was listed as a World Heritage site in 1994. The fossils at Riversleigh are rare because they are found in soft freshwater limestone which has not been compressed. This means the animal remains retain their three dimensional shape.

Fossils at Riversleigh are found in limestone by lime-rich freshwater pools, and in caves. They are from when the ecosystem was evolving from rich rainforest to semi-arid grassland. Thirty-five fossil bat species have been found at the site, which is the richest in the world. A skull, complete with all its teeth, of a 15 million-year-old monotreme, "Obdurodon dicksoni", shows how this Australia group of animals evolved. Fossil ancestors of the extinct thylacine, "Thylacinus cynocephalus", have also been found at Riversleigh. In 1993, "Nimbadon" skulls were found in newly discovered cave. Scientists think this prehistoric marsupial first appeared about 15 million years ago and died out about 12 million years ago, perhaps from the effects of climate change. Other fossils have shown how the koala has changed in response to Australia's change from rainforest to drier eucalypt forests.





Kwikset

Kwikset is an American lock and door hardware manufacturer. Kwikset makes low to medium security residential and light commercial door locks. The Kwikset KW1 keyway is used by many other lock manufacturers. Kwikset recently introduced the SmartKey lock, which allows instant rekeying without removing the lock from the door, and without removing or replacing the core. The SmartKey lock uses the same KW1 key used in other Kwikset locks. The SmartKey lock is more difficult to pick than the standard Kwikset lock, although it is easier to force open.

Hiroshima Peace Memorial

Hiroshima Peace Memorial, also called the Atomic Bomb Dome or , is in central Hiroshima, Japan. It is part of the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park. UNESCO named the dome a World Heritage Site in 1996. The dome is the ruined Hiroshima Prefectural Products Exhibition Hall. It was kept as a memorial to the people who were killed in the atomic bombing of Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. The bombing killed 70,000 people instantly, and another 70,000 died later from the radiation.

Czech architect Jan Letzel designed the building. It was completed in April 1915 and was named the Hiroshima Prefectural Commercial Exhibition. It was opened to the public in August that year. In 1921 the name was changed to the Hiroshima Prefectural Products Exhibition Hall. Finally in 1933, the name changed to the Hiroshima Prefectural Industrial Promotion Hall. 

At 8:15 on August 6, 1945, the first atomic bomb to be used in war exploded almost directly above the dome. Everyone inside the building was killed instantly,but the building was not totally destroyed. There was more downward force on the building, but less side-to-side force right under the center of the explosion.

At first, the city planned to tear down the building, but did not because it was not as badly damaged. Some people wanted to remove the building, but others wanted to keep it. The city of Hiroshima was rebuilt around the ruined dome. In 1966 the city said that it planned to keep the building. As of July 2011, two construction projects kept the Dome from falling.

In December 1996, UNESCO added the A-Bomb Dome to the World Heritage List. Not everyone supported this decision. The United States did not join the decision. China said that the monument could take attention away from the countries that were victims of Japan during the war. Many more people died because of Japanese attacks in those countries. The United States said that having a memorial to a war site would not tell the whole history of the bombing.



Elisha Cuthbert

Elisha Ann Cuthbert Phaneuf (born 30 November 1982) is a Canadian actress. She was born in Calgary, Alberta. She grew up in Greenfield Park, Quebec.

Cuthbert played Kim Bauer in "24". She starred as the title character in "The Girl Next Door". She played one of the main characters in the sitcom "Happy Endings". She was on the 2013 TV series "24/7". Cuthbert played Lizzy on the 2015 tv sitcom "One Big Happy".

The Italian Job

The Italian Job is a 1969 British comedy-drama crime movie. It is about a gang of British criminals who rob an armoured van of its gold cargo in Turin, Italy. It stars Michael Caine, Noel Coward and Benny Hill. It was written by Troy Kennedy Martin and directed by Peter Collinson. A remake was made in 2003. 

Cuando Cubango Province

Cuando Cubango is a province of Angola. There are about 140,000 people. Menongue is the capital of the province. 

The name of the province is from the Cuando and Cubango rivers. They both flow through the province.

This area had the endangered Painted Hunting Dog. The land was destroyed during the Cuban intervention years. The Painted Hunting Dog is no longer there.

In the 1980s and 1990s, Cuando Cubango was the main base camp of Angola's UNITA rebel movement.


Cuanza Norte Province

Cuanza Norte or Kwanza Norte is a province of Angola. N'Dalantando is the capital. There are about 400,000 people. The Capanda Dam is in this province. Cuanza Norte is on the northern bank of the Cuanza River.

Cuanza Sul Province

Cuanza Sul is a province of Angola. There are 1 881 873 people (2014). Sumbe is the capital. Cuanza Sul is on the south bank of the Cuanza River.

Cunene Province

Cunene is a province of Angola. There are about 200,000 to 300,000 people. Ondjiva is the capital. It is the only city in this province. Cunene is north of the Cunene River.

Salmacis

In Greek mythology, Salmacis was a naiad nymph of a spring at Caria in Asia Minor. She didn't follow the other nymphs of the goddess Diana and united bodies with Hermaphroditus becoming a single being, both male and female.

""There dwelt a Nymph, not up for hunting or archery:"
"unfit for footraces. She the only Naiad not in Diana’s band."
"Often her sisters would say: “Pick up a javelin, or"
"bristling quiver, and interrupt your leisure for the chase!"
"But she would not pick up a javelin or arrows,"
"nor trade leisure for the chase."
"Instead she would bathe her beautiful limbs and tend to her hair,"
"with her waters as a mirror.""

Ovid, Metamorphoses. Book IV, 306-312.

According to Ovid's myth, she fell in love with Hermaphroditus, the son of Hermes and Aphrodite. When he bathed in her spring, she embraced him and prayed to the gods to be united with him forever, the gods heard her prayer and merged their bodies together, transforming Hermaphroditus into an androgynous being. Hermaphroditus then cursed the spring of Salmacis, so that any man who drank or bathed in its water would also become androgynous.


Huambo Province

Huambo is a province of Angola. There are about 1.9 million people in the province. The capital is also called Huambo. Huambo is the richest agricultural province in Angola.

Huíla Province

Huíla is a province of Angola. There are about 700,000 people. Lubango is the capital. The Bicuari National Park is in Huíla Province.

Luanda Province

Luanda is a province of Angola. There were 1,823,282 people in 2006. Luanda is the capital of the province and the country. 

Historic Monuments and Sites of Hiraizumi

Historic Monuments and Sites of Hiraizumi is the UNESCO World Heritage Site in Hiraizumi in Iwate Prefecture, Japan.

The site covers 5 locations. Four of these places are Buddhist temples. The sacred Mount Kinkeisan is also included in the group The properties and their buffer zones are covered by a range of Japanese government protections as historic sites and places of scenic beauty.

Hiraizumi was an important political, military, commercial, and cultural centre from the late-11th century until the late 12th-century. This time was marked by the building and endowment of Buddhist temples, art and gardens.

Pure Land Buddhism developed a concept of planning and garden design that was unique to Japan.

The four Pure Land gardens of Hiraizumi show the ideals of Pure Land Buddhism. The gardens also show Japanese concepts about the relationship between gardens, water and the surrounding landscape.

The four gardens were developed by the Ōshū Fujiwara clan. The poet Matsuo Bashō was inspired by this Fujiwara legacy. In 1689, Bashō wrote: "Three generations of glory vanished in the space of a dream ..."

In 2011, UNESCO listed parts of Hiraizumi as a World Heritage Site.



Lunda Norte Province

Lunda Norte is a province of Angola. There are about 850,000 people. Angola's first President, Agostino Neto, made Lucapa the capital after independence. It was later moved to Dundo. The province is rich in diamonds, but is underdeveloped and poor.

Lunda Sul Province

Lunda Sul is a province of Angola. There are about 125,000 people. Saurimo is the capital. This region has many diamonds.

Malanje Province

Malanje is a province of Angola. There are about 900,000 people. Malanje is the capital of the province. The Milando Reserve Park is also here.

Malanje has a total area of 97,602 square kilometers.

Moxico Province

Moxico is the largest province of Angola. There are about 230,000 people. Luena is the capital of the province. The Cameia National Park is located in Moxico.

Namibe Province

Namibe is a province of Angola. It was called Moçâmedes when under Portuguese rule. There were 313,667people in 2006. The port and city of Namibe is the capital. Iona National Park is also located there.

Late Cretaceous fossils of sharks, turtles, mosasaurs, plesiosaurs and sauropods were found near the Bentiaba desert.

Uíge Province

Uíge (pronounced: "Weej"), is one of the eighteen provinces of Angola. It is in the northwestern part of the country. The capital city is Uíge. There are 500,000 people. The Beu Forest Reserve is in the province.

The province was badly damaged during the long civil war. Many buildings were destroyed. Many people had to move.

Zaire Province

Zaire is one of the 18 provinces of Angola. It is in the north west of the country. There are about 600,000 people. M'Banza Kongo is the capital of the province.

Caxito

Caxito is a town and commune in Angola. It is the capital of Bengo Province.

The northern line of Angolan Railways passes through.

Benguela

Benguela (São Felipe de Benguela, formerly spelled "Benguella") is a city in western Angola. It is the capital of Benguela Province. Benguela is one of Angola's largest cities.

Kuito

Kuito (also spelled Cuito) is a city in central Angola. It is the capital of Bié Province.

Cabinda (city)

Cabinda is the capital of the Cabinda Province in Angola. It is called Tchiowa by the Cabindans. The city was first started by the Portuguese for slave trade. There are many offshore oil reserves nearby.

Menongue

Menongue is a town and municipality in Cuando Cubango Province in Angola. It is also the capital of the province. It is the end of the southern railway from Namibe.

Teenage pregnancy

Teenage pregnancy is a situation which involves female adolescents who are less than 20 years old. But sometimes preteens (people under 13) can become pregnant as well. The fact that teenagers become pregnant is related to many factors. These are related to the specific situation of the teenager and the group that she interacts with. The rates of teenage pregnancy vary from country to country and are related to differences of sexual activities, the general sex education and contraceptives being available. Teen pregnancy will sometimes involve low birth weight. Social matters also play a role: often, the teenager grew up in poverty. She also often has a lower level of general education. Pregnancy in teenagers in the developed world usually occurs outside of marriage. The lowest levels of teenage pregnancy are in Japan and South Korea. Teenage pregnancies are common among Romani people. Bulgaria and Romania have the highest teenage pregnancy rate in Europe.

Teenage pregnancies have a number of problems:

A large cause of teenage pregnancy is a lack of education about sex and pregnancy. The first to be blamed are schools and teachers, but the real starting point should be from within the family. Sometimes parents might think talking about sex is inappropriate or that it is automatically encouraging their children to have sex, so they avoid talking about it entirely. This leaves kids with information only from their peers, which often includes pressure to engage in sex acts to meet social standards. Parents should realize that in attempting to protect their children from the reality of human sexuality they are causing more harm than good. Open discussion about sex in a safe, nonjudgmental environment is essential to helping minors make educated decisions about sex. Pediatricians also take it upon themselves to make up for the information that has not been properly communicated to teens, and continually recognize better education as the key to helping reduce teen pregnancy.

<link rel="mw:PageProp/Category" href="./Category:Biological_reproduction" />

Bandō, Ibaraki

The city of Bandō is made up of the old city of Iwai and the town of Sashima, which joined on March 22, 2005.




The Amazing Spider-Man (2012 movie)

The Amazing Spider-Man is a 2012 movie by Marvel Entertainment and Columbia Pictures. It stars Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone. It is a reboot of the Spider-Man movie series. It was released in the United States in 2012. It is about Peter Parker in high school while his super powers are evolving. A sequel, "The Amazing Spider-Man 2", was released in 2014.

Abandoned by his parents and raised by an aunt and uncle, teenager Peter Parker (Andrew Garfield) is trying to figure out why his parents left. When Peter finds a mysterious briefcase that was his father's, he tries to figure out what it means. His search takes him to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors who created a genetically engineered spider which bites Peter Parker and gives him superpowers. After his uncle Ben Parker is murdered, Peter becomes a Superhero called Spider-Man. Peter falls in love with Gwen Stacy whose policeman father hates Spider-Man. Dr. Connors transforms himself into a Supervillain called The Lizard and Spider-Man stops the Lizard from turning everyone in New York City into a Lizard.

Sudbury Basin

The Sudbury Basin is a major geologic structure in Ontario, Canada. It is the second-largest verified impact crater on Earth, as well as one of the oldest. 

The basin is on the Canadian Shield in the city of Greater Sudbury, Ontario. The Sudbury Basin is referred to locally as "The Valley". The urban core of the former city of Sudbury lies on the southern outskirts of the basin.

The Sudbury Basin is near a number of other geological structures. None of the structures are directly related to each other in the sense of coming from the same geophysical processes.

The Sudbury basin was formed by a strike from a bolide about in diameter. It occurred 1.849 billion years ago in the Palaeoproterozoic era.
Debris from the impact was scattered over an area of and traveled over away — rock fragments ejected by the impact have been found as far as Minnesota.

With such a large impact, debris was most likely scattered globally, but has since been worn away. Its present size is believed to be a smaller portion of a round crater that the bolide originally created.

Subsequent geological processes have deformed the crater into the current smaller oval shape. Sudbury Basin would then be the second-largest crater on Earth, after the Vredefort crater in South Africa, and larger than the Chicxulub crater in Yucatán, Mexico.

The full extent of the Sudbury Basin is long, wide and deep, although the modern ground surface is much shallower.

Ladbroke Grove rail crash

The Ladbroke Grove rail crash was a railway accident outside Paddington station, Ladbroke Grove, in London, England, on 5 October 1999, in the early morning. It involved two trains, one run by Thames Trains, the other by First Great Western.

A train run by Thames Trains left London Paddington railway station for Bedwyn in Wiltshire at 08:06am. 

It was a "Thames Turbo", painted in Network SouthEast colours and made up of three carriages. 

At Ladbroke Grove Junction, trains switched onto the usual route, one track for trains away from London, the other for trains to London. 

It should have stopped at a red signal and waited until it could do this safely, but it failed to stop at the signal (called a Signal Passed at Danger or SPAD). 

It collided nearly head on with a train run by First Great Western from Cheltenham Spa in Gloucestershire, after the signal that was changed failed to stop the train.

The train was a diesel high speed train, with 8 coaches and two locomotives, one at each end. 

The front two coaches of the Thames Turbo were completely destroyed, and the front locomotive of the High Speed Train was badly damaged. 

The diesel fuel in the Thames Turbo was scattered as a result and caught fire, which caused separate fires to burn in the wreckage, especially in Coach H of the high speed train which was completely burned by the fire. 

The drivers of both trains were killed in the crash. Altogether, 31 people died: 24 people on the Thames Turbo and 6 people on the high speed train were killed by the crash itself, while another person was killed by the fire. 523 people were injured, of which 227 were taken to hospital. The remaining 296 people were treated where the crash happened.

The immediate cause was the Thames Turbo failing to stop at a red signal at Ladbroke Grove Junction. A signal before it was amber, which should have prepared the driver for the red signal. Because the driver was killed, it was hard to find out why he did not stop at the signal. An inquiry was held in 2000 by Lord Cullen, one year later.

Lord Cullen took note of the fact that the railway line in London Paddington was prone to trains failing to stop at the same red signal that the Thames Turbo passed. 

One reason for the driver not stopping was that it was difficult for him to see the signal. It was very early in the morning and the sun was very low in the sky. This made the amber signal difficult to notice. Overhead power lines had been put up for the Heathrow Express to run, which obscured the signals even more.

The crash also happened shortly after the Thames Turbo driver had qualified, after his 2 weeks of training. The trainer did not tell him about the signal and later claimed that he was "not there to teach the routes" and was "totally there to teach how to drive a Turbo". Thames Trains also had no standardised test system for drivers, and no clear pass or fail criteria. The driver had been in the Navy and had little experience on the railways, and had qualified 13 days earlier than British Rail drivers did (British Rail also did not allow new drivers to drive on difficult routes such as the Great Western Main Line between London and Bristol, on which this accident happened, until they got experience on easier routes).

Another reason was that the Thames Turbo had been fitted with a safety system called ATP (automatic train protection), which would have stopped the train if it failed to stop at a red signal, but it was switched off. The High Speed Train's ATP was also off. Although it was recommended after a rail crash at Clapham Junction many years earlier, it had proved annoying in the past and no company required its trains to have it working and switched on.

On 5 April 2004, Thames Trains was fined £2 million for breaching Health & Safety laws in connection with the crash. 

On 31 October 2006, 7 years and 26 days after the crash, Network Rail pleaded guilty to charges under the Health & Safety at Work act 1974, was fined £4 million and ordered to pay a further £225,000. 

Both the front locomotive of the high speed train and the Thames Turbo were written off. The back carriage of the Thames Turbo, however, is now a spare part.

A memorial garden was created next to the Great Western main line near Paddington station, near the car park of a Sainsbury's supermarket.


Thames Trains

Thames Trains was a British train operator under franchise running a mixture of short and long distance trains around the Thames Valley. Its services were centered around Reading and ran in the area surrounded by Oxford, Gatwick Airport, Guildford, London, Basingstoke, Worcester, Hereford and Stratford-upon-Avon. It was started when British Rail was privatised and Network SouthEast was broken up. In 2004 it was replaced by First Great Western Link, which was merged with First Great Western and Wessex Trains after 2 years, forming a "Greater Western" franchise.

Thames Trains ran one of the Trains involved in the Ladbroke Grove Rail Crash in 1999, three years after it was started.

Freeport, Bahamas

Freeport is a city, district and free trade zone on the island of Grand Bahama. It is in North-west Bahamas. In 1955, Wallace Groves, a Virginian financier, was given 50,000 acres (or 202 km) of pineyard with swamp and scrubland areas by the Bahamian government. They were asked to develop the area economically. Freeport has grown and is now the second most populous city in the Bahamas. The main airport in Freeport is the Grand Bahama International Airport. The Grand Bahama Port Authority (GBPA) runs the free trade zone, under the Hawksbill Creek Agreement signed in August 1955. There, the Bahamian Government agreed that businesses in the Freeport area will pay no taxes before 2054. The area of the land grants has been increased to 138,000 acres (or 526 km).

Grand Bahama International Airport

Grand Bahama International Airport (GBIA) is a privately owned international airport. It is in Freeport, Bahamas. The airport is a joint venture between Hutchison Port Holdings (HPH) and The Port Group (or the Grand Bahama Port Authority). It also has of land. This adjoins it to the Freeport Harbour Company Limited. So, they work as one body, known as the Sea Air Business Centre (SABC).

Grand Bahama International Airport is one of two Bahamian airports that has US border preclearance facilities.

The airport has a runway. It can handle the largest aircraft in service. It is quite close to all major cities of the Eastern Seaboard of the United States.

Florida's Turnpike

Florida's Turnpike (TPK), designated as the Ronald Reagan Turnpike is a north–south toll road. It was originally called Sunshine State Parkway. The road runs through 11 counties in the Florida peninsula. It starts from U.S. Route 1 in Florida City, running through Miami, Fort Lauderdale. At West Palm Beach, it runs parallel to Interstate 95, and then in Orlando, it crosses Interstate 4, to its northern end at Interstate 75 near Wildwood.

The Turnpike itself has two sections. The first is the Mainline, a route from the Golden Glades Interchange (north of Miami) to Wildwood. This has the hidden designation of State Road 91 (SR 91). It was opened in stages between 1957 and 1964. The second is the long Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike (HEFT). This was completed in 1974. Its hidden designation is State Road 821 (SR 821). This runs from Florida City (near Homestead) through the suburbs to the west and north of Miami, connecting to the Mainline four miles (6 km) north of the Golden Glades Interchange. Florida's Turnpike is considered one of the busiest highways in the country (according to the IBBTA, the highway is the nation's 3rd most heavily traveled toll road).

Hala'ib Triangle

The Hala'ib Triangle (مثلث حلايب in Arabic, transliterated Muthāllath Ḥalāʾib) is an area of land measuring located on the Red Sea's African coast. The area, which is named after the town of Hala'ib, is created by the difference in the Egypt–Sudan border between the "political boundary" set in 1899 by the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium, which runs along the 22nd parallel north, and the "administrative boundary" set by the British in 1902, which gave an area of land north of the line to Sudan. When Sudan became independent in 1956, both Egypt and Sudan claimed sovereignty over the area. After Egypt sent military units to the Hala'ib Triangle in the 1990s, as part of a greater movement by the Egyptian government to solidify its presence in Africa, following the 1995 attempted assassination of then-Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak. Egypt has controlled the area as part of the Red Sea Governorate, and has been actively investing in it. Today the United Arab Emirates is also a active investor along with Egypt in the area.

The area is not shaped like a triangle—it is actually a complicated polygon. Only the southern border is a straight line. A smaller area, called Bir Tawil, touches the Hala'ib Triangle at its westernmost point. Bir Tawil is not claimed by either Sudan or Egypt.

Daniel Stern

Daniel Jacob Stern (born August 28, 1957) is an American television and movie actor. He has starred in movies with many genres, but is most known for his role as Marv Murchins in the 1990 film "Home Alone" and its 1992 sequel "". Stern was born in Bethesda, Maryland. Stern is currently married to Laure Mattos since 1981, they have three children. 

David Cone

David Cone (born 2 January 1963 in Kansas City, Missouri, U.S.) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for many teams including the New York Yankees.

Cesarean section

A Cesarean section (often called a C-section) is a kind of surgery, which is usually done to make childbirth easier. In the past, this was done when there was a great risk to the health of the mother, or when normal childbirth through the vagina was not possible. More recently, it has also been done on request, without these reasons. In very rare cases, abortions are performed using this procedure, these are called Hysterotomy abortions. The first person to perform a modern Cesarean section was Ferdinand Adolf Kehrer, in 1881. In Latin, it is called "Sectio caesarea", in English, the spelling Caesarean section also exists. 

The rate of babies delivered through Cesarean section varies: It is at a record level of 46% in China; levels of 25% and above are common in many Asian and European countries, Latin America, and the United States.

From about the 6th century, there was Roman law that stated that a living foetus may not be buried with the mother, The Digest notes this to be a "lex regia". If this were the case, it would date from the time around 700 BC, when there were Roman kings. 

Waheed Murad

Waheed Murad () (October 2, 1938 – November 23, 1983) was a Pakistani movie actor. Waheed is considered to be one of the most influential actors of subcontinent. He was born in Karachi, Pakistan. and was the only child of movie distributor Nisar Murad. Waheed got his early education from Karachi Grammar School in Karachi.

One of his blockbuster movies is "Armaan". Once, in an interview, he said, "Dilip Kumar, too, is not an immortal actor". 

In November 2010, 27 years after his death, Pakistani president Asif Zardari awarded him the "Sitara-e-Imtiaz".

Waheed Murad is thought to be one of the first "Rock n' Roll" stars of Pakistan. Due to his romantic and subtle style of acting, he became well known as the 'Chocolate Hero' and 'Lady Killer'. His haircut, dressing style and even the way he talked were very popular with the youth.


Sumbe

Sumbe (pre-1975: Novo Redondo) is a city in west central Angola. It is the capital of Cuanza Sul Province. There are 26,000 people.

Ondjiva

Ondjiva (pre-1975: "Pereira d'Eça") is a town in southern Angola. It is the capital of Cunene Province.


Huambo

Huambo, formerly "Nova Lisboa" ("New Lisbon" in Portuguese), is the capital of Huambo Province in Angola. The city is about 220 km east of Benguela and 600 km south-east of Luanda. The city is the second largest in Angola, after the capital city, Luanda. It has the Albano Machado Airport.

The name Huambo comes from Wambu. Wambu was one of the 14 old Ovimbundu kingdoms of the central Angolan plateau.

Lubango

Lubango is the capital city of Huíla in Angola. Until 1975, the city's name was Sá da Bandeira.

During the Angolan Civil War (1975–2002), Lubango was a major base of Cuban, SWAPO.

Lubango's economy is based on agriculture.


Lucapa

Lucapa is a town in eastern Angola. It is the capital of Lunda Norte Province.

The number of people who live here is hard to determine. This is because civil war caused a lot of people to move.

The main work in the town is mining.

Saurimo

Saurimo (pre-1975: "Henrique de Carvalho") is a town in northeastern Angola. It is the capital of Lunda Sul Province. There are about 200,000 people. The number of people has gotten bigger because migrants are running from areas hurt by the civil war.

Malanje

Malanje (also Malange) is the capital city of Malanje Province in Angola. There are 222,000 people. Nearby are the Calandula waterfalls, from the city. Pedras Negras de Pungo Andongo are large black rocks. The greatest dam in the country is in Malanje. 

Out of the Game

Out of the Game is the seventh album by Rufus Wainwright.


Luena, Moxico Province

Luena (pre-1975: Vila Luso) is a town in east central Angola. It is the capital of Moxico Province. There are between 60,000 to 200,000 people. No one knows for sure because of refugees from the Angolan Civil War.

Moçâmedes

Moçâmedes is a coastal town in Angola. Between 1985 and 2016, the town was called Namibe. It is the capital of Namibe Province. It was formed in 1840 by the Portuguese rulers of the territory. There were 132,900 people in 2004. Moçâmedes has a cool dry climate. There are desert plants because it is close to the Namib Desert. Along with Luanda and Lobito it is one of Angola's three major ports. The Namibe Airport is in Moçâmedes.

Uíge

Uíge (briefly Carmona) is a town in northwestern Angola. It is the capital of Uíge Province. There are 119,815. people. When Portuguese were there in the 1950s, it was a major center for coffee production. 

M'banza-Kongo

M'banza-Kongo (known as "São Salvador" in Portuguese from 1570 to 1975), is a town in northwesternAngola. It is the capital of Zaire Province. In the valley to the south is the Luezi River.

M'banza-Kongo was once the home of the Manikongo, the ruler of the Kingdom of Kongo.

West Africa Time

West Africa Time, or WAT, is a time zone used in west-central Africa.

West Africa Time is used by the following countries:

White-cheeked antbird

The white-cheeked antbird ("Gymnopithys leucaspis") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is sometimes called the bicolored antbird. 

It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, and Peru. Its natural habitat is on tropical and moist forests.


President of Angola

The President of the Republic of Angola is both head of state and head of government in Angola. The President picked a Prime Minister. Most of the decisions are made by the President.

Angola started having a President when they got independence from Portugal. Agostinho Neto was the first President.

In January 2010 the National Assembly decided the party with the most seats in the Assembly would become president. It was no longer a public vote. They also decided there would not be a Prime Minister. Instead the job will be done by the vice-president.

"Note:" For details of the post of President of Angola, see President of Angola.

William John Swainson

William John Swainson, Fellow of the Linnean Society and Fellow of the Royal Society (8 October 1789 – 6 December 1855), was an English ornithologist, malacologist, entomologist and artist.

Swainson was born in Dover Place, St. Mary Newington, London. He was the eldest son of John Timothy Swainson, who was also of the Linnean Society. William worked at the Liverpool Customs when he was 14. He studied the ichthyology of western Sicily. In 1815, he returned to England because he became ill.

In 1816 he went with the explorer Henry Koster to Brazil. They did not spend a long time on shore because of a revolution. However, Swainson brought to England over 20,000 insects, 1,200 species of plants, drawings of 120 species of fish, and about 760 bird skins.

As with many Victorian scientists, Swainson was also a member of many societies. He was elected as a fellow to the Royal Society after his return from Brazil on 14 December 1820. In 1823, he married his first wife Mary Parkes, and had four sons and a daughter. His wife died in 1835.

Swainson re-married in 1840 to Ann Grasby, and emigrated to New Zealand in 1841. He died at Fern Grove, Lower Hutt, New Zealand, on 7 December 1855.

Many birds were named after William Swainson.


José Eduardo dos Santos

José Eduardo dos Santos (August 28, 1935 – July 8, 2022) is an Angolan politician. From 1979 until 2017, he was the President of Angola. As President, dos Santos was also the commander in chief of the Angolan Armed Forces. After leaving the presidency, dos Santos remained leader of the People’s Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).

Dos Santos died on July 8, 2022 at a hospital in Barcelona, Spain from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by cancer, aged 86.

Vice President of Angola

The Vice President of Angola is the second highest political position in Angola. It is the deputy head of state.

Bornito de Sousa is the current Vice President. He started in September 2017.


Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos

Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos (born 5 March 1950), known as Nandó, is an Angolan politician. He was Vice-President of Angola from 18 February 2010 until 26 September 2012. He was the Prime Minister of Angola from 2002 to 2008. He was President of the National Assembly of Angola from 2008 to 2010.

He is a cousin of José Eduardo dos Santos.

Angolan War of Independence

The Angolan War of Independence was from 1961 to 1975. Angola fought against Portugal. Portugal was making people in Angola farm cotton. Three different groups in Angola were against Portugal. Agostinho Neto was the leader of the war. Portugal was winning the war when the country's government became democratic. An agreement was signed to let Angola become independent.

About three thousand people died because of the war.

Monogamy

Monogamy (; "monos+gamos" meaning "one+marriage") is a form of marriage in which a person or animal has only one spouse at any one time.

The word "monogamy" comes from the Greek words "μονός", "monos" which means one or alone, and "γάμος", "gamos" which means marriage.

Monogamy is one of the beliefs of Judaism and Christianity. An exception is the fundamentalist branch of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons) who strictly follow the teachings of founder Joseph Smith. Smith allowed polygamy, and had many wives. In Jewish and Christian doctrine, marriage is between one husband and one wife, which is monogamy.

In most countries, monogamy is the only legal form of marriage, either between a man and a woman in most of these countries, and between two persons of the same gender (gay marriage) in some of the Western world. 
In these countries polygamy is illegal, and a person who has more than one spouse can be prosecuted for bigamy.

Polygamy without equality was almost universal in ancient human tribes. By "without equality" is meant that of the wives only one would have full rights and recognition as the main wife.

The fact is that all societies of which we have good records lost men disproportionately, mainly because of warfare, but also accidents in hunting. This left widows who were not responsible for being widows: they were just unlucky.

It might be thought that this would be counter-balanced by loss of females during child-birth, but apparently not so. 
A full appreciation of this fact needs to take into account:

Angolan Civil War

The Angolan Civil War was a major civil war in the African country of Angola. It started in 1975 and continued until 2002. The war began right after Angola became independent from Portugal in November 1975. The Civil War was mostly a fight for power between two former liberation movements, the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) and the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA). Other countries got involved in the war because they wanted their own ideologies to win. This made the Angolan war part of the Cold War. In 2002 the MPLA won.
About 500,000 people died in the war. The war also did a lot of damage to buildings in Angola. Because of all the damage, in 2003 80% of Angolans lacked access to basic medical care, 60% lacked access to water, and 30% of Angolan children would die before the age of 5, with an overall national life expectancy of less than 40 years of age.

About 500,000 people died in the war. The war also did a lot of damage to buildings in Angola. Because of all the damage, in 2003 80% of Angolans lacked access to basic medical care, 60% lacked access to water, and 30% of Angolan children would die before the age of 5, with an overall national life expectancy of less than 40 years of age. With the cival war between 1975 to 2002 it was 27 years of fighting.

In 1575, the Portuguese started to colonize parts of what is now Angola. Before, some of the land was part of the Kingdom of Kongo.

The MPLA was a communist group fighting for Angolan independence. Its leader was Agostinho Neto. They were supported by the Soviet Union.

UNITA was an anti-communist group also fighting for Angolan independence. Its leader was Jonas Savimbi.

FNLA was another anti-communist independence group. Its leader was Holden Roberto. The US gave them money by funneling it through Zaire.

In 1975, Portugal signed the Alvor Agreement with MPLA, UNITA, and FNLA. The agreement said that Angola would become independent on 11 November 1975.

The war destroyed a lot of buildings in Angola.
There are still landmines remaining killing and hurting people.

Formicariidae

The Formicariidae or ground antbirds are a family of small passerine birds. They live in subtropical and tropical Central and South America. They are between 10 and 20 cm (4–8 in) in length.

These are forest birds that tend to eat insects at or near the ground. Many are specialist ant eaters. Note that the term "antbird" is for another family of birds, the Thamnophilidae.

Telephone numbers in Angola

Telephone numbers in Angola are 9 digits long. 


The NSN length is nine digits.


Tyche

Tyche, also known as Tuch, was the goddess of destiny in Greek mythology. She controlled the good and bad of fortune and prosperity of a city. Her name means "luck" in Greek. She is often represented wearing a mural crown. The crown looks like the walls of a city. She is often carrying a large horn with all her wealth and richness in it that she sometimes spreads to others. She is a daughter of Oceanus and Tethys, according to Greek poet Hesiod.

Tyche is one of the Oceanids. Oceanids are the daughters of the Titans Tethys and Okeanos. The story of the Oceanids is told in the Theogony by Greek poet Hesiod. Tyche and her sister Eudora stand for a joining of bounty and luck. 

Angolan kwanza

The kwanza (sign: Kz; ISO 4217 code: AOA) is the currency of Angola. The Kwanza was introduced in 1999, replacing the "Kwanza Reajustado" (AOK).  AOA is subdivided into coin denominations of 100 centimos, and is denoted by the symbol Kz.

Angola declared independence from Portugal in 1975, following a bitter period in which Angola fought a war of independence while also becoming engulfed in a civil war. While Angola created its first national currency as an independent nation in 1977, this currency—called the Angola Kwanza (AOK)—soon saw its value rapidly eroded by inflation. The AON, introduced in 1990, was an attempt to deal with this severe inflation, but it too was devalued only 5 years later.

The second devaluation occurred in 1995, when the AON was replaced by a new currency called the “kwanza reajustado”. The devaluation was carried out at a rate of 1,000 new currency units for every 1 AON, reflecting the level of severity of Angola’s inflation crisis at that time. A third devaluation occurred in 1999, replacing the kwanza reajustado with the Second Kwanza (AOA), which is the currency that Angola continues to use today.

Charles Sibley

Charles Gald Sibley (August 7, 1917 – April 12, 1998) was an American ornithologist and molecular biologist. He had a big influence on the scientific classification of birds.

Sibley's taxonomy was a major influence on many organizations, such as the American Ornithologists' Union.

Jon Edward Ahlquist

Jon Edward Ahlquist (born 27 July 1944, died 7 May 2020) is an American molecular biologist and ornithologist. He has worked with Charles Sibley, mostly at Yale University.
By 1987, both Ahlquist and Sibley had left Yale. In 1988, Ahlquist and Sibley were awarded the Daniel Giraud Elliot Medal. In January 1991 (often listed as 1990), Charles Sibley and Ahlquist published "Phylogeny and Classification of Birds", which presented a new phylogeny for birds based on the DNA. In 1999, Ahlquist was retired (Ahlquist, 1999).

Blue Thunder

Blue Thunder is a 1983 American action thriller movie. In it stars Roy Scheider and Daniel Stern as LAPD cops. The movie is about a futuristic helicopter which has unusual capability.

Honors music

The honors music is music played at formal times in the presence of the person, office-holder, or rank-holder. It is usually played by a military band. The head of state in many countries is honored with music. In some countries the national anthem is used. Some countries have a separate royal anthem or presidential anthem.

Countries where the national anthem is also the royal anthem include Malaysia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norfolk Island, Spain, and the United Kingdom. The Jamaican National Anthem is played for the Governor-General of Jamaica.

Countries with special honors music are:

Instances of honors music other than the relevant national anthem include the following:

Fair Antigua, We Salute Thee

"Fair Antigua, We Salute Thee" is the national anthem of Antigua and Barbuda. Novelle Hamilton Richards wrote the words. Walter Garnet Picart Chambers wrote the music. The country started using in on independence in 1981. God Save the Queen is still the Royal anthem.

Flag of Antigua and Barbuda

The national flag of Antigua and Barbuda was started on February 27, 1967. It was designed by artist and sculptor, Sir Reginald Samuel. The rising sun is for the dawning of a new era. The colours have different meanings. The black is for the African ancestry of the people. The blue is for hope. The red is for energy or dynamism of the people. The colouring of yellow, blue, and white (from the sun down) is for the sun, sea, and sand. The blue also is for the Caribbean Sea. The V-shape is the symbol of victory.

Priapus

Priapus was a minor fertility god in Greek mythology, who was also the protector of livestock, fruit plants, and male genitals. He was depicted as having an oversized and permanent erection. Sources differ as to who his parents were. Some say he was the son of the god Dionysus and the goddess Aphrodite; Dionysus and Chione; Hermes and Aphrodite; Zeus and Aphrodite; or Pan and Aphrodite. According to the myth, Hera cursed him while he was still in the womb of Aphrodite, because she was jealous that the Trojan prince Paris had picked Aphrodite as being the most beautiful of the goddesses and had given the Golden Apple of Eris to her. Hera's curse made Priapus impotent, ugly and foul-minded. The gods did not want Priapus to live with them on Olympus, and he was left on a hillside on Earth. There, he was taken by shepherds who raised him. Priapus later tried to rape the goddess Hestia, but was hit by a donkey, and this caused Priapus to lose his erection.
He also became the patron god of merchant sailing, protecting and guiding them through rough seas. It was common for merchants to carry a Priapus figure or a phallus on their ships as protection.


Mamma Mia!

Mamma Mia! is a 2008 American romantic musical comedy movie set in Greece. It is based on the musical stage play and on ABBA's 1975 chart topping song. It was distributed through Universal Pictures. It stars Amanda Seyfried as Sophie Sheridan, Meryl Streep as her mother, and Colin Firth, Stellan Skarsgard and Pierce Brosnan as Sophie's three possible fathers. "Mamma Mia!" was given mixed reviews, although it received almost $610 million worldwide, becoming the highest grossing musical motion picture in American history.

Sparkle

Sparkle is a 2012 musical drama movie starring Jordin Sparks and Whitney Houston (in her final role). It is a remake of the same named 1976 motion picture, except the 2012 remake centers on 1960s Detroit. "Sparkle" was released in August 2012.

Planaria

Planaria is a small aquatic genus of flatworm. The term is also used for other similar flatworms. They are fresh water animals which move in a smooth wave-like manner. Planaria are free-living. They can live in fresh water or very damp soil, depending on the type. 

"Planaria" are hermaphrodite: they produce both eggs and sperm. To reproduce, a planarian releases eggs and sperm into the water, where the eggs get fertilized. Planaria can repair damage by regenerating any part of their body. 

"Planaria" are the one of most simple creatures to develop a nervous system. Their nervous system consists of ganglia under the eyespots and a cord of nerves that run down the body, under the gut (ventral nerve cord). The three pairs of ganglia under the eyespots make a inverted U shape that have nerves sticking out to the outside of the head so that the head of the planarian is more sensitive than the rest of the body. If the light hits the animal near the eyespots, they usually move away into darker water. 

The digestive system of "Planaria" consist of a mouth a pharynx and a gut cavity. Its mouth is on the underside of the body. Digestive enzymes are released from the mouth onto the food to soften it, Then the half digested food is sucked up the pharynx and into the stomach. From there the nutrients diffuse into the rest of the body. 

There are no circulatory or respiratory systems. Oxygen enters and carbon dioxide leaves the planarian's body by diffusing through the body wall. "Planaria" do not have a skeleton. They have an extendable crumpled muscle that allows them to move. Also, planarians have three layers of body-wall muscles that are constructed of circular muscle fibers as well as longer muscle threads.

Planarians have both ovaries and testes. To reproduce, they can have sex with another planarian; this is called sexual reproduction. Another way planarians reproduce is called asexual reproduction. This is when a planarian splits and regenerates the parts that are missing. However, asexual reproduction is uncommon.

Ironbridge Gorge

The Ironbridge Gorge is a deep gorge formed by the River Severn in Shropshire, England. The area was originally called the Severn Gorge.

The area was made a World Heritage Site by UNESCO, because the industrial revolution started around here in the mid-1700s.

Ironbridge Gorge has mines, factories, workers' housing, and the transport infrastructure that was created in the gorge during the Industrial Revolution. Coke production in the area helped start the Industrial Revolution. The Iron Bridge was the world's first bridge built from iron.

The gorge takes its name from its famous "Iron Bridge", the first iron bridge of its kind in the world. It is a monument to the industry that began there. The bridge was built in 1779 to link the industrial town of Broseley with the smaller mining town of Madeley and the growing industrial centre of Coalbrookdale.

The Iron Bridge was the first arch bridge in the world to be made out of cast iron. a material which was previously far too expensive to use for large structures. However, a new blast furnace nearby lowered the cost. This encouraged local engineers and architects to solve a long-standing problem of a crossing over the river.

There are two reasons the site was so useful to the early industrialists. The raw materials, coal, iron ore, limestone and clay, for the manufacture of iron, tiles and porcelain are exposed or easily mined in the gorge. Second, the deep and wide river allowed easy transport of products to the sea.


The Iron Bridge

The Iron Bridge was the first arch bridge in the world to be made out of cast iron. It crosses the River Severn at the Ironbridge Gorge near the village of Ironbridge, in Shropshire, England.

The bridge is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is maintained by English Heritage who launched a crowdfunding campaign in 2017 to support a conservation project which began in 2018. As well as repairing rusted parts of the bridge, it was painted red to match a painting from 1777 showing how the Iron Bridge looked soon after it was finished. 


Herma

A herma, commonly in English herm, is a sculpture with a head and sometimes a torso, above a tall squared pillar. Often a phallus was carved at the appropriate height. 

The form originated in Ancient Greece and was adopted by the Romans and revived in the Renaissance in the form of term figures. The name of the god Hermes comes from the word "herma", and the sculptures originally represented him.

The ancient Greeks and Romans were very superstitious, and the sculptures had an apotropiac function. They were placed at cross-roads and on the borders of lands as protection. 

In Athens, they were placed outside houses, temples and gymnasiums for good luck and to avert harmful or bad influences, like the evil eye. They would be adorned with garlands, wreaths, offerings and anointed with oil to obtain luck and protection.

26th of July Movement

The 26th of July Movement was the name of the political party led by Fidel Castro during the Cuban Revolution. In Spanish, it is called Movimiento 26 de Julio, it is often abbreviated M-26-7. The name comes from the date of the attack on the Moncada Barracks, in Santiago de Cuba, which was carried out on 26th July 1953. The participants were condemned to long prison terms, but were freed at an amnesty in 1955. After this, they formed the movement. Their strategy was armed resistance, in small cells, that were spread all over the country, and were kept secret. Frank País was made the leader of the resistance in Cuba, other activists were Raúl Pujol, Celia Sánchez, Haydée Santamaría, Aldo Santamaría and Vilma Espín.

Fidel castro and other Moncadistas went into exile. Castro went to Mexico, where he met Ernesto Guevara. In 1956, Fidel and Raul Castro, Juan Almeida Bosque, Ramiro Valdés Menéndez, Guevara, and Camilo Cienfuegos went back to Cuba to support the cells there. After two years of guerilla fighting, Fulgencio Batista fled from Cuba, in 1959. 

Until the fall of Batista, the forces did not have a Marxist ideology, rather they were different people collaborating to overturn the Batista regime. Later they started to work together with the Communist Party of Cuba. In 1961, they merged with the Communist Party.

Antiplatelet drug

An Antiplatelet drug is a drug that acts against blood clotting. The blood contains platelets, which will stick together, and close an open wound. In some cases, they also stick together in the bloodstream, and form blood clots. Such blood clots cause Strokes and Heart attacks. Another type of drug that prevents clotting is called anticoagulant. Anticoagulants cannot be used to prevent blood clotting in the arteries. Antiplatelet drugs are commonly used in the prevention of strokes and heart attacks. Acetylsalicylic acid, commonly known as Aspirin, is one of them. 

Charles Edward Trevelyan

Sir Charles Trevelyan, 1st Baronet (2 April 1807 – 19 June 1886) was a British civil servant, cabinet member, colonial administrator, and oriental scholar best known for his administration of the famine relief effort in Ireland during the Potato Famine, while he was assistant secretary to Her Majesty's Treasury. He has been criticized for not doing enough to help the Irish during the Potato Famine. He wrote a book about the famine called "The Irish Crisis". 

Penelope (movie)

Penelope is a 2006 American fantasy romantic comedy movie. It received mixed reviews by critics. It stars Christina Ricci, James McAvoy, Richard E. Grant, Peter Dinklage, Burn Gorman, Nigel Havers and Catherine O'Hara with Reese Witherspoon.

Mimusops

Mimusops is a genus of plant. It is in the family Sapotaceae. 

Some species in this genus are:



Coalbrookdale

Coalbrookdale is a village in the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire, England. It is in an area of great significance in the history of industrialisation. This is where iron ore was first smelted by Abraham Darby using easily mined "coking coal".

The coal was drawn from drift mines in the sides of the valley. As it contained far fewer impurities than normal coal, the iron it produced was of a superior quality. Along with many other industrial developments that were going on in other parts of the country, this discovery was a major factor in the growing industrialisation of Britain. It was the Industrial Revolution.

Today, Coalbrookdale is home to the Ironbridge Institute, a partnership between the University of Birmingham and the Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust offering postgraduate and professional courses in heritage.

Drosophila simulans

Drosophila simulans is a species of fruit fly closely related to "D. melanogaster" 

It was discovered by the fly geneticist Alfred Sturtevant in 1919, when he noticed that the flies used in Thomas Hunt Morgan's laboratory at the Columbia University were actually two distinct species: "D. melanogaster" and "D. simulans". Males differ in the external genitalia, while trained observers can separate females using colour characteristics. 

"D. melanogaster" females crossed to "D. simulans" males produce sterile F1 females and no F1 males. The reciprocal cross produces sterile F1 males and no female progeny.

"D. simulans" was found later to be closely related to two island endemics, "Drosophila sechellia" and "Drosophila mauritiana". "D. simulans" will mate with these sister species to form fertile females and sterile males, a fact that has made "D. simulans" an important model organism for research into speciation.



Nozomi (spacecraft)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

The spacecraft was launched on July 3, 1998. 
Nozumi was planned as a Mars-orbiting probe. The mission was not successful because of electrical failures. 

The Nozumi probe project was ended on December 31, 2003.

Nozomi carried scientific instruments from Japan, Canada, Germany, Sweden and the United States. including the European Space Agency, NASA and the Swedish Institute of Space Physics.

Canada provided a thermal plasma analyser. This was the Canadian Space Agency's first participation in an interplanetary mission.


Hayabusa

The mission was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of the University of Tokyo.

Hayabusa was sent into space on May 9, 2003. In November 2005, it landed on the asteroid. The mission was successfully completed in June 2010 when the spacecraft returned to earth in June 2010.

"Hayabusa" studied Itokawa's shape, spin, topography, colour, composition, density, and history. The "Hayabusa" mission was the first time that an attempt was made to bring an asteroid dust sample to earth for analysis.

Three different feature-length films are being made about the Hayabusa mission.



Jessica Chastain

Jessica Michelle Chastain (born March 17, 1986) is an American actress. She is ranked as one of the "Time" 100 most influential people in 2012.


Chastain married Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo in 2017. They have a daughter.


Rush Hour (movie)

Rush Hour is a 1998 American movie by New Line Cinema. Staring; Jackie Chan, Chris Tucker, Ken Leung 

It was followed by the sequel movies, "Rush Hour 2" (2001) and "Rush Hour 3" (2007).




2112 (album)

2112 is the fourth studio album released by the Canadian progressive rock band Rush. The album was released in 1976.

The album is most famous for its song 2112, which has the same name as the album. It is a seven-part epic that lasts about twenty minutes. It tells the story of a man living in a dystopian society in the year 2112. The first song takes up the entire first side of the album, while the second side featured a few more songs.

All lyrics by Neil Peart and music by Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson, except where noted.

Spectacled caiman

The spectacled caiman ("Caiman crocodilus"), or the common caiman, is a medium sized crocodilian species that lives in the wetland areas of South America. This size of this species generally can get up to between . The spectacled caiman gets its name from the bony ridge between its eyes, looking like a pair of eyeglasses. As the seasons get colder, this caiman can change colors. Spectacled caimans have been known to eat insects, crustaceans, and mollusks.

According to ISIS, there are known to be 170 spectacled caimans in zoos.

Coat of arms of Antigua and Barbuda

The coat of arms of Antigua and Barbuda was made in 1966 by Gordon Christopher. It is similar to the Flag of Antigua and Barbuda. The symbolism is more complex.

At the top of the Coat of Arms is a pineapple. The island is famous for this fruit. Many plants are around the shield: red hibiscus, sugarcane, and yucca plant. The pair of deer are for the wildlife of the islands.

The shield shows the sun, also found on the flag, rising from a blue and white sea. The sun is for a new beginning. The black background is for the African origins of many of the nations's people. At the bottom of the shield, in front of the sea, sits a sugar mill. 

The national motto is at the bottom: "Each endeavouring, all achieving".

Saint George Parish, Antigua and Barbuda

Saint George is a parish of Antigua and Barbuda. It is on the island of Antigua. 

V.C. Bird International Airport is in Saint George Parish. The head office of LIAT is on the airport grounds.

Saint John Parish, Antigua and Barbuda

Saint John is a parish of Antigua and Barbuda on the island of Antigua. It has the capital city, St. John's.

Saint Mary Parish, Antigua and Barbuda

Saint Mary is a parish of Antigua and Barbuda on the island of Antigua. The capital is Bolands.

Saint Paul Parish, Antigua and Barbuda

Saint Paul is a parish of Antigua and Barbuda on the island of Antigua. Fort Berkeley is located in Nelson’s Dockyard National Park.

Saint Peter Parish, Antigua and Barbuda

Saint Peter is a parish of Antigua and Barbuda on the island of Antigua. The capital is Parham. It includes Guiana Island and Great Bird Island. The parish is home to Betty's Hope Sugar Plantation, a popular historic site.

Saint Philip Parish, Antigua and Barbuda

Saint Philip is a parish of Antigua and Barbuda on the island of Antigua. The capital is the town of Carlisle.

Fortune

Fortune may refer to:


Redonda

Redonda is a very small Caribbean island. It is part of Antigua and Barbuda. No people live here.

This small island is southwest of Antigua. It is between the islands of Nevis and Montserrat.

Redonda seems like one very large rock. It is what is left of an ancient volcanic core. The land rises very steeply from sea level, mostly as sheer cliffs. There is no source of freshwater except rain. The only animals that live here are seabirds and a herd of feral goats. The goats live on the poor grazing on top of the island.

Christopher Columbus found Redonda in 1493 on his second journey. He said the island belonged to Spain. He named the island "Santa María la Redonda", meaning Saint Mary the Round. The island looks round when viewed from the side. In the 1860s, the island became a British possession.

Fortune cookie

A fortune cookie is a sugary cookie usually made from flour, sugar, vanilla, and oil with a short message or "fortune" inside. The cookie was made popular by Makoto Hagiwara who was a Japanese immigrant who ran the Japanese Tea Garden At San Francisco’s Golden Gate Park in the 1890s.

The "fortune" is a piece of paper with words of wisdom or prophecy. The message may also include a Chinese phrase with translation or a list of lucky numbers.

Monarchy of Antigua and Barbuda

Antigua and Barbuda is a Commonwealth realm. King Charles III is the reigning monarch since September 8, 2022. He is Antigua and Barbuda's head of state.

Many of the jobs of the government are done by the Governor-General.

The Reader

The Reader is a 2008 German-American romantic drama movie. It stars Ralph Fiennes as Michael Berg and Kate Winslet as Hanna Schmitz. It was directed by Stephen Daldry, produced by Anthony Minghella and Sydney Pollack and written by David Hare. It is based on a 1995 German novel. "The Reader" was nominated for many Academy Awards, including a Best Picture nomination. Winslet won an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role.

Rachel Getting Married

Rachel Getting Married is a 2008 American drama movie about a drug addict attending her sister's wedding. Anne Hathaway stars. This drama got limited released on 3 October, 2008.


Shiretoko National Park

The word "Shiretoko" is comes from an Ainu word """". It means "end of the Earth".

Shiretoko National Park was established in 1964.

In 2005, UNESCO named the area a World Heritage Site. UNESCO also suggested that Japan should work with Russia to make an international "World Heritage Peace Park" including the Kuril Islands. Both Japan and Russia claim these islands as part of their countries.

Shiretoko is hard to get to. Visitors must go to most places on foot or by boat. There is a hot springs waterfall called . "" means "water of the gods" in Ainu.

The park forests are temperate and subalpine. There are several different types of trees. The most common trees here are Sakhalin fir, Erman's birch, and Mongolian oak.

The park has Japan's largest mammal species of Ezo brown bears.

Billy Tipton

"This is about the American musician. For other people called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."
Billy Lee Tipton (December 29, 1914 – January 21, 1989) was an American jazz musician and bandleader. Tipton had been assigned female gender at birth.
Tipton was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and grew up in Kansas City, Missouri. His aunt raised him after his parents' divorced. He became interested in music in high school, especially jazz. He studied piano and saxophone. He went back to Oklahoma for his last year of high school and joined the school band there. His nickname in high school was "Tippy".

Tipton later took his father's nickname, Billy, when he started a music career. He also began to try to appear to be male by dressing to hide his breasts. At first, Tipton only behaved as a male while performing. However, by 1940 Tipton was living as a man all the time. Very few people knew both sides of his life. They were two of his female cousins and maybe his later lovers.

In 1936, Tipton lead a band playing on the radio station, KFXR. In 1938, Tipton joined Louvenie’s Western Swingbillies. This band played on another rado station, KTOK, and at Brown's Tavern. In 1940, Tipton was touring the Midwest and playing at dances with Scott Cameron's band. Starting in 1941, he played for two and a half years at Joplin, Missouri's Cotton Club with George Meyer's band. He then toured for a time with Ross Carlyle. Later, he played for two years in Texas.

In 1949, Tipton began touring the Pacific Northwest with George Meyer. A local radio station recorded the band's appearances at Roseburg, Oregon's Shalimar Room. Recordings of Tipton's early playing include "If I Knew Then" and "Sophisticated Swing". The band was well known for the song "Flying Home". They played the song like Benny Goodman's band did.

George Meyer's band became more successful, and they began getting better chances to perform. They played with The Ink Spots, the Delta Rhythm Boys, and Billy Eckstine at the Boulevard Club in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.

Tipton began playing piano alone at the Elks club in Longview, Washington. In Longview, he started the Billy Tipton Trio. This band was Tipton on piano, Dick O'Neil on drums, and Kenny Richards (and later Ron Kilde) on bass. The trio became popular in the area.

A talent scout from Tops Records heard them play at King's Supper Club in Santa Barbara, California and got them a contract to record songs. The Billy Tipton Trio made two albums of jazz standards for Tops, "Sweet Georgia Brown" and "Billy Tipton Plays Hi-Fi on Piano", in 1957. The albums sold 17,678 copies. This was a good number for a small independent record label.

After the albums' success, the Holiday Hotel in Reno, Nevada asked them to become play there regularly. Tops Records asked the trio to record four more albums. Tipton said no both offers. Instead, he moved to Spokane, Washington worked as an agent. The trio played every week at Allen's Tin Pan Alley as the house band. He played mainly swing standards and less jazz, even though he preferred jazz. His performances also included skits like vaudeville performers did. He imitated celebrities like Liberace and Elvis Presley. In some of these comedy skits, he played a little girl. He helped young musicians at the Dave Sobol Theatrical Agency.

In the late 1970s, Tipton's arthritis got worse and he had to retire from music.

Early in his career, Tipton appeared as a male only as a musician. He appeared as a woman at other times. He lived with a woman named Non Earl Harrell. Other musicians thought this was a lesbian relationship. The relationship ended in 1942. Tipton's next relationship was with a singer known only as "June". This lasted for several years.

Then, or seven years, Tipton lived with a young woman named Betty Cox. She was 19 when they started their relationship. Cox said they had a heterosexual relationship. Betty remembered Tipton as "the most fantastic love of my life." Tipton kept the secret of his physical sexual characteristics a secret from Betty with a story. Tipton said that he had been in a serious car accident which had badly damaged his genitals and broken some ribs. He said he had to wear bandages protect his damaged chest. He told his female partners this story later in his life. Tipton was never legally married, but several women had drivers' licenses naming them Mrs. Tipton. 

In 1960, Tipton ended the relationship with Cox. He settle down with nightclub dancer and stripper, Kitty Kelly (later known as Kitty Oakes). Her professional name was "The Irish Venus." They were involved with their local PTA and with the Boy Scouts. They adopted three sons, John, Scott, and William. After Tipton died, Kitty gave several interviews about him and their relationship. In early interviews, she said, “He gave up everything... There were certain rules and regulations in those days if you were going to be a musician.” She was taking about trying to be part of 1920−30s music industry. His son William described Tipton as a good father who loved to go on Scout camping trips.

They had trouble with their adopted sons during their adolescence. The couple often argued over how they should raise the boys. Tipton left Kitty in the late 1970s and moved into a mobile home with their sons. He restarted an old relationship with Maryann. He was poor, but stayed there until his death.

In 1989, at the age of 74, Tipton had medical problems. He said it was emphysema and refused to call a doctor. Actually he had a hemorrhaging peptic ulcer. He died because he did not get medical care for this serious problem. His son William watched while paramedics were trying to save Tipton's life. That is how William learned that his father was born female. Tipton was pronounced dead at Valley General Hospital. The coroner shared the secret with the rest of the family. Kitty had his body to be cremated so that nobody would find out, but one of their sons did not keep the secret. A newspaper article was published the day after Tipton's funeral and wire services picked it up. Stories about Tipton appeared in papers including tabloids such as "National Enquirer" and "Star", as well as more serious papers such as "New York Magazine" and "The Seattle Times". Tipton's family even made talk show appearances.

"Kill Me, Por Favor" is a short story including a section about Billy Tipton in Ry Cooder's 2011 volume entitled "Los Angeles Stories". Pub. City Lights Books 2011.




Hip replacement

Hip replacement is a surgery where the hip joint is replaced by a prosthetic implant. This joint replacement is usually done to relieve arthritis pain or fix very bad joint damage.

There are three types of hip replacement surgeries.


Your doctor may recommend a hip replacement if you have significant pain, swelling, and damage to your hip joint due to the following conditions:


Typically, after 6 to 12 weeks, you will make a full recovery from hip replacement surgery. You will still need follow-up appointments to make sure your hip is healing.

Most people can resume their daily activities after six weeks. You may be discharged from the hospital after 2 to 4 days. Here are some points that can help you speed up your recovery after surgery.

Slurry

A slurry is, in general, a thick suspension of solids in a liquid.

There are many kinds of slurries, including


Jōgen (Kamakura period)

, also known as Shōgen, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) after "Ken'ei" and before "Kenryaku." This period spanned the years from October 1207 through March 1211. The reigning emperors were and .




Newport Aquarium

The Newport Aquarium is a public aquarium in Newport, Kentucky, United States.

In the aquarium's first gallery, nine displays show freshwater fish from five continents of the world. There are hundreds of species in these exhibits, from the rainforests of Australia, the wetlands and caves of North America, tall grasses of Asia, the Amazon of South America, and the center of Africa. The tanks in World Rivers hold 9,000 gallons of freshwater.


This gallery has over 500 animals in eight different exhibits. These are animals that live in the shallow areas of a water's edge. The tanks in the Shore Gallery hold 6,120 gallons of water. This includes a touch pool where visitors can touch species of the New England shoreline in a 1,200 gallon, rocky, open-topped exhibit. The Surge Zone depicts an area of Hawaii where waves crash against the rocky shore and create tide pools.


Florida Grass Bed: Depicts the tall, thick grasses of the Florida Keys: Scrawled Filefish, High Hat, Gramma Basslet, Orange Toadfish, Trumpetfish.

Flooded Crater: Depicts the Hanauma Bay, which was created when the ocean broke through the side of a volcanic crater and filled the crater with water: Lagoon Triggerfish, Pennant fish, Racoon Butterfly, Loggerhead sea turtle.

Surge Zone: Saddle Wrasse, Ornate wrasse, Sergeants, Sailfin Tang, Dascyilus, Hawaiian Flagtail, Squirrelfish, Arc-eyed Hawkfish.

Sand Flats: Depicts a sandy flat off the Southeastern coast of the U.S.: Silver pomfrets.

California Kelp Forest: This is the second tunnel of the aquarium, simulating a thick kelp forest near Anacapa Island, California 

Biwer

Biwer is a commune and small town in eastern Luxembourg.

The commune is in the canton of Grevenmacher, which is part of the old district of Grevenmacher. It is made up of Biwer, Boudler, Brouch, Hegelsdorf, Wecker and Weydig.

In Biwer, the largest village of the commune, are every public buildings. There are the primary school called 'An der Wiss', the cultural centre 'Fancy', a swimming pool, a sports hall and a day-care centre.


Amyloplast

An amyloplast is an organelle inside a plant cell that stores starch. It is only found in starchy plants such as tubers and fruits.

Il Canzoniere

Il Canzoniere is a collection of 365 poems. It was written by the Italian poet Petrarch between 1336 and 1373.
Its central theme is the poet's love for Laura, a woman Petrarch allegedly met on April 6, 1327, in the Church of Sainte Claire in Avignon


Arc flash

Arc flash is an accidental electrical explosion usually caused by a short circuit. It usually happens at higher-voltages (around 300 volts and above). It can cause the electrical conductors to melt creating an explosion of molten or even vaporized metal. Temperatures can be as high as 20000 degrees Celsius. Arc flash is one of the reasons it is so important to turn the power off before working on any high-voltage equipment.

Facesitting

Facesitting is when a someone sits on an another's face. People enjoy this because there is a sense of submission by the person getting facesat, where the person sitting is controlling the breath of the "seat". Can be called "queening" or "kinging".

Jōkyū

, also called Shōkyū, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) after "Kempō" and before "Jōō." This period started in April 1219 and ended in April 1222. The reigning emperor was Juntoku"-tennō" (順徳天皇).




Black magic

Black magic has traditionally referred to the use of supernatural powers for evil and selfish purposes. In modern times, some think the definition of "black magic" has been used by people for any type of magic practice that is disapproved of or thought of as evil or satanic.



Viola Davis

Viola Davis (born August 11, 1965) is an American actress. She has starred in many movies, including "Traffic" and "Antwone Fisher" and "Suicide Squad". She has also done many television programs. She won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2017 for her role in "Fences" (2016).

In 2023, Davis became one of the eighteen people who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony Award.

True name

A true name is a name of a thing or being that expresses, or is somehow identical with, its true nature. The idea that language, or some specific sacred language, refers to things by their true names has been central to philosophical and grammatical study as well as various traditions of magic, divination and mysticism since ancient times.

Jōō (Kamakura period)

, also romanized as Jō-ō, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) after "Jōkyū" and before "Gennin." This period started in April 1222 and ended in November 1224. The reigning emperor was Go-Horikawa"-tennō".




Leeward Caribbean Creole English

Leeward Caribbean Creole English is an English-based creole language spoken in the Leeward Islands of the Caribbean. It is in the countries of Antigua and Barbuda, Montserrat and Saint Kitts and Nevis. It is also called Antiguan Creole, Saint Kitts Creole and Montserrat Creole.

Islanders often use it along with Standard English. People of a higher social status use English more often.

Diary of a Wimpy Kid (movie)

Diary of a Wimpy Kid is an American 2010 live-action/animated comedy movie and is based on the novel of the same name. The movie was released on March 19, 2010 (September in Australia). It was released on DVD, iTunes, and Blu-ray on August 3, 2010.



List of governors-general of Antigua and Barbuda

This is a list of governors-general of Antigua and Barbuda. The head of state is the Monarchy of Antigua and Barbuda. Most of the jobs though are done by the Governor-General.


Louise Lake-Tack

Dame Louise Agnetha Lake-Tack, GCMG, DStJ (born 26 July 1944) is a former Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda. 

Louise Lake-Tack was born in St. Philip's Parish, Antigua in 1944. She went to Freetown Government School before attending the Antigua Girls High School in St. John's. After graduating she went to the United Kingdom. She studied nursing at Charing Cross Hospital. She worked first at the National Heart Hospital and later at the Harley Street Clinic. 

Lake-Tack later studied and graduated in law. She was a magistrate at both Marylebone and Horseferry Magistrate Courts. She also sat at Pocock Street Crown Court and Middlesex Crown Court to hear appeal cases from the lower courts. She was a member of the Antigua and Barbuda National Association (London) for the 24 years before her appointment as Governor-General. 

She took office as Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda on 17 July 2007. She was the first woman to hold the office. On 14 August 2014, she was replaced by Dr Rodney Williams, who took office as the 4th Governor General of Antigua and Barbuda.


Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda

This page has a list of prime ministers of Antigua and Barbuda.

Baldwin Spencer

Winston Baldwin Spencer (born October 8, 1948) is a former Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda. He served in office from 2004 to 2014. He also served as Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Lester Bird

Sir Lester Bryant Bird (February 21, 1938 – August 9, 2021) was the second Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda from 1994 to 2004. He was also a well-known athlete. He was chairman of the Antigua Labour Party (ALP) from 1971 to 1983. He became Prime Minister when the previous Prime Minister resigned. The previous Prime Minister was his father, Vere Bird.

Bird Jr. was born in New York City. He went to the University of Michigan, and became a lawyer. Bird died on August 9, 2021 at the age of 83.

Area code 268

Area code 268 is the telephone area code of Antigua and Barbuda. The 268 area code is part of the North American Numbering Plan (NANP).

When in Antigua and Barbuda, use the seven digits alone. When calling to Antigua and Barbuda from anywhere in the United States or Canada simply dial 1(268) + seven digit phone number.

Taurobolium

During the Roman empire, the taurobolium referred to practices involving the sacrifice of a bull, which after mid-2nd century became connected with the worship of the Great Mother of the Gods; though not previously limited to her cult, after 159 AD all private inscriptions mention "Magna Mater" (the Roman name for the goddess Cybele). Originating in Asia Minor, its earliest attested performance in Italy occurred in 134 AD.

At the taurobolium ritual, the high-priest would stand inside a pit made specifically for the purpose of the ritual, a bull would be led above the pit and sacrificed above him, the blood of the bull would pour down onto the priest, showering him in the blood. After this, the bulls testicles were removed and taken to the sanctuary as an offering. This ritual was done as a replacement for the castration of high-priests, this was because castration of male Roman citizens was forbidden in Rome.


Gary Thomasson

Gary Leah Thomasson (born July 29, 1951 in San Diego, California) is a former professional baseball player. He played as an outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball from 1972 to 1980 and in Japanese Nippon Pro Baseball from 1981 to 1982.

Thomasson got a lot of attention when he joined the Yomiuri Giants. He got the largest contract ever in the Nippon league. Then, Thomasson played poorly in his two years in Japan. He almost set the league record for strikeouts. He ended his career with a knee injury.

Japanese artist Genpei Akasegawa used Thomasson's name to describe a kind of found art. A ""Tomason"" is a part of a building that has lost its meaning or purpose, but still is still interesting.

Kangi

, also romanized as Kanki, was a after "Antei" and before "Jōei." This period started in March 1229 and ended in April 1232. The reigning emperor was .




Tenpuku

, also romanized as Tempuku, was a after "Jōei" and before "Bunryaku." This period started in April 1233 and ended in November 1234. The reigning emperor was .




Tomason

A , also spelled Thomason and Thomasson in English, is a kind of conceptual art or found art. Gempei Akasegawa created this word to describe certain kinds of useless parts of buildings or roads. These have lost their purpose as the environment around them changed. This kind of art is not made on purpose, but becomes art when people observe and recognize it.

Akasegawa named this special kind of "art" after an American baseball player who joined the Yomiuri Giants in 1981. Gary Thomasson became famous in Japan for getting the biggest baseball contract ever, then playing very poorly and retiring early.

Tomason can be grouped by features they have in common. These include: "useless stairways", "pointless doorways", "overhangs", "blocked windows", "sealed up walls", "A-bomb type", (doors opening from a high place into open air), "outies", "poundcakes", "atago" (strange bumps or things sticking up out of the road for no reason), "premature burial" (when a wall is built partly covering an existing feature), and more.


Mystery fiction

Mystery fiction (story, book, novel) is fictional work in which a professional or amateur detective investigates and solves a crime mystery. Usually the story begins with a crime and a few suspects, and ends when the protagonist detective identifies the criminal. 

Sometimes the term is used to refer to supernatural or suspense stories and thrillers. 


Nematode

The nematodes or roundworms are one of the most diverse of all animal phyla. They are one of the protostome phyla.

Nematode species look very similar to one another. Over 80,000 have been described, of which over 15,000 are parasitic. It has been estimated that the total number of described and undescribed roundworms might be more than 500,000.

The body structure is fairly constant. A thick cuticle gives protection, and acts as a kind of hydrostatic skeleton. "Caenorhabditis elegans" has had its genetics studied intensively, and it had its genome analysed in the year 1998. DNA sequence analysis of nematodes is quite advanced, including trees of species relationship.

Cell numbers in the organs are constant within a species. Nematodes have a fixed, genetically determined number of cells, a phenomenon known as eutely. The male "C. elegans" has 1031 cells, a number which does not change after cell division stops at the end of the larval period. Growth is solely due to an increase in the size of individual cells.


Bromance

A bromance is a close non-sexual relationship between two or more men, a form of homosocial intimacy. Bromance is a portmanteau word of "bro" or "brother" and "romance". The word was created in the 1990s to describe the sort of relationships that develop between skateboarders who spend a great deal of time together.

Womance, also called sismance, is the female flip side of bromance. It means a close non-sexual relationship between two or more women, a form of homosocial intimacy.


Turbatrix aceti

Turbatrix aceti (also called vinegar eels) is a species of nematode. They feed on the acidic bacteria from vinegar and other things, like fermented apples. They range from 1mm to 10mm long or larger. These nematodes go through a six-stage life cycle. The stages are: an egg, four larval stages, and reaching adulthood. They live about 10 months.

The nematode's reproductive system is sexual. Female vinegar eels have ovaries and produce eggs. Their reproductive system is in the form of a tube. The females also have a short sac-like seminal receptacle that stores sperm. A fertilized egg hatches in the uterus before leaving the womb. Vinegar eels give birth to as many as 45 babies every 8-10 days. A male vinegar eels’ reproductive system is smaller than the female’s. They have testis and a vas deferens. The testes open into a wide sperm duct and then into a muscular duct which can push out the sperm. The duct empties into a cloaca. 

Nematodes, such as the vinegar eels, have no circulatory system. Through their body’s wall, gas and excretion waste are diffused. Oxygen from the outside environment is diffused into the body, and carbon dioxide is diffused out of the body. Vinegar eels have to live in liquids that have enough oxygen so that it can diffuse into their bodies.

Experiments with "T. aceti" were done to understand the cause of ageing. DNA damage accumulates when the rate of damage occurrence is more than the rate of DNA repair. Accumulation of DNA damage leads to a decline in gene expression. There is a consistent decline in DNA repair capacity with age in the nematode. A second report measured the ability to repair DNA damage in young and old nematodes after exposure to ionizing radiation. They observed that the old nematodes were strikingly less able to carry out this type of DNA repair than young nematodes. These experiments suggest that a decline in DNA repair capability occurs with age. This is the "DNA damage theory of aging".


Edward Stratemeyer

Edward L. Stratemeyer (October 4, 1862 May 10, 1930) was an American publisher and a writer of children's stories. He was very prolific and created several children's series including "The Rover Boys", "The Bobbsey Twins", "Tom Swift", "The Hardy Boys", and "Nancy Drew". He founded the Stratemeyer Syndicate.

Julie Delpy

Julie Delpy (born 21 December 1969 in Paris) is a French-American director and movie actress. She has performed in and directed many movies during her career. She moved to the United States around 1990. She is a dual citizen of France and the United States.

Bunryaku

, also romanized as Bunreki, was a after "Tenpuku" and before "Katei." This period started in November 1234 and ended in September 1235. The reigning emperor was .




Ribalonga

Ribalonga (from the Gallician "riba" - 'climb' and "longa" - 'long') is a Portuguese parish in the north of the Municipality of Alijó, in ‘Trás-dos-montes’ (‘behind the hills’). It has a population of 231 (2011) and an area of 9,15 km2 (density : 25,2/km2). Its patron saint is Saint Anna, mother of Saint Mary and therefore, grandmother of Jesus. 

The Castle of Ribalonga was a fortress that probably began to be inhabited on the Iron Age and continued on the Ancient Rome.
Ribalonga belonged on the 13th century to the parish of Vila Chã, on 1839 to Vila Real, on 1852 to Vilar de Maçada and on 1872 to Alijó.

The legend tells that in the year 2000, a man of the family Sampaio, whose descendants still live in the village, coming from the fair of Vilar de Maçada, brought with him some meat. Suddenly, he was followed by a pack of wolves and he became very scared, because he realized that the wolves were very hungry. When he arrived near the village, the wolves began to close the circle. When he saw himself lost, he got off his horse and knelt and asked the Lord of the Afflicted to save him from the wolves. At this moment, the dogs in the house of Mr. Sampaio began barking anxiously and the wife of the man let them go. They ran fast to the place where the man was and drove the wolves away. In recognition, he built a cross where he asked the Lord to help. A few days later, one of the dogs appeared, all hurt.
This cross can be seen today, a little bit degraded, on the place that has the name "Red Cross" and that is in the South of Ribalonga.

There is another legend of Ribalonga, referring to its place of St. Ana. There is a huge rock, rectangular, with three grooves at the top, the head, the torso and the limbs of a person.
The voice of the people, that same voice that describes the legends word by word, says that these signs were left there by St. Ana when she was on pilgrimage to holy places.
The legend tells that St. Ana, very tired and seeing no other place to lie down, took this rock to rest. And so the stone became soft for her to be comfortable and cosy, taking the shape of her body. And the next day, at dawn, her forces restored, she continued her journey. After that, people began to pass the rock to go to work and, noticing the furrows, they were amazed. Nobody knows how they came to the conclusion that it was St. Ana. Was it because they were devotees? No one can answer, the fact is that currently the village patron saint is St. Ana and the hills and the land around the place where the famous rock is, are known as "Santa Ana".

Ribalonga borders to Rapadoura, Vila Verde, Popúlo, Vilar de Maçada, Vila Chã and to the region of Douro. It has a lot of mountains, hills, pines and it's very stony.

The cuisine of Ribalonga is based on meat. There are a lot of different specialities like "cozido à portuguesa" ('Portuguese stew'), "feijoada à transmontana" (rice and black beans), "alheiras" or "linguiças" (both sausages). There are a lot of fields and vineyards too.

Tokyo Skytree

, formerly known as , is a broadcasting, restaurant, and observation tower in the city of Tokyo, the capital of Japan the special ward of Sumida, not far from the Sumida River. The nearest train station is Oshiage, which is on the Toei Asakusa Line, Tokyo Metro Hanzomon Line, and railway lines operated by Tobu and Keisei.

The Tokyo Skytree was designed by the architects from Nikken Sekkei, a e company, the process of building the tower began in 2008 and was completed on 29 February 2012. Emperor Akihito visited the tower in advance of its official opening, and the opening ceremony took place on 22 May 2012.

With a height of , the Tokyo Skytree is the tallest structure in Japan. This height was chosen because it could be easily remembered. The figures 6 ("mu"), 3 ("sa"), 4 ("shi") stand for Musashi Province, which is an old name of the region where the tower stands.

It is the third tallest structure in the world behind Merdeka 118 in Malaysia and Burj Khalifa in Dubai. It is also the tallest tower in the world, according to the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat, because there is no space in the Skytree for people to live or work in, unlike the Burj Khalifa.

All of central Tokyo can be seen from special viewing platforms at and . At night, it is lit up with different coloured lights.


Jean Robieux

Jean Robieux (15 October, 1925; Jugon-les-Lacs – 14 June 2012; Chatenay-Malabry) was a French physicist. Graduate from "École Polytechnique" (1946-1949), "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (1949-1951), Doctor of Science from University of Paris and holder of a Master of Science from the California Institute of Technology, he is a leading French specialist in laser.
He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences and of the "Académie des Technologies" (Academy of Technologies).

Jean Robieux is responsible for the discovery of the principle of control of laser fusion in 1961 and the discovery of the principle of laser isotope separation. All contributions are outlined in his book « High Power Laser Interactions : Isotopes Separation - Nuclear Fusion Control - Elementary Particles Selective Creation ».




Grevenmacher

Grevenmacher () is a commune with city status in eastern Luxembourg, near the border with Germany.

Grevenmacher is the capital city of the Grevenmacher canton and of the district of Grevenmacher. The city is on the left bank of the Moselle river.

The name Grevenmacher is formed by two words: "Greven" and "Macher". "Macher" comes from the Latin word "maceria" ("very old walls"); "Greven" comes from the old German word "Grafen" (modern German: "Graf") that means "count, earl". The town "Macher of the Count" was, since 1346, different from other "Machern" found in the region: Königsmacher, Kleinmacher, Rodemacher, Mecher, Mézières etc. The present name of Grevenmacher has been in use since 1769.

The valley of the Moselle, which owes its wealth to the fact that it is close to the water and it has fertile land, was settled long before the Roman era. As for Grevenmacher, the first town was behind the Holy Cross Chapel at the place called "Buerggruef", not far from the Roman road to the city of Luxembourg.

A few centuries later, the Counts of Luxembourg chose a safe place to protect their land against the powerful archbishops of Trier. They found it in Grevenmacher, that was the place where the road going from the city of Luxembourg to Trier meet with the one going from Trier to Thionville. Here a strong fortress was built, probably on the orders of Count Henry V. In 1252, this same count made Grevenmacher a city.

The "commune" of Grevenmacher, which is in the eastern part of the canton on the left bank of the Moselle river, has an area of , with of forests and of vineyards.

The altitude of the "commune" is high. At the church, the altitude is high.

The most important river is the Moselle (; German: "Mosel"; ).

There were 4,923 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Grevenmacher

Famous sights in Grevenmacher are, for exampleː

The city has three soccer places, two in "Op Floor" (there is also the stadium from the CSG, the soccer club from Grevenmacher) and one on the bank from the Mousel. The city has also six tennis fields, three in a hall and the other three on the bank of the Mousel. Next to the tennis fields is an outdoor swimming pool. Grevenmacher has also two sports halls.

Grevenmacher is twinned withː



Ninji

, also called Jinji, was a after "En'ō" and before "Kangen." This period started in August 1240 and ended in January 1243. The reigning emperors were and .




Osweiler

Osweiler is a small village in the commune of Rosport, in eastern Luxembourg.

The commune is in the canton of Echternach, which is part of the district of Grevenmacher.

The family of Dennis Hastert, the 59th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, emigrated from Osweiler to America.

Ichneumon

The Ichneumonoidea are parasitoid wasps. They are a superfamily in the suborder Apocrita.

The superfamily is made up of the ichneumon wasps, (family Ichneumonidae), and the braconids (family Braconidae). The superfamily contains well over 80,000 different species. Members of the family Ichneumonidae are usually larger than members of the Braconidae, and the family has three times as many species as the braconids. The two families are distinguished mainly by details of wing venation.

Almost all are solitary insects, and most are parasitoids—the larvae feeding on or in another insect which finally dies. Being in the same order, ichneumonoids are closely related to other hymenoptera such as ants and bees. Many species in both families use polydnaviruses (with double strand DNA) to suppress the immune system of the host insect.

Some species use many different insects as hosts, others are very specific in host choice. Various ichneumons are used successfully as biological control agents in controlling pests such as flies or beetles.

Ichneumon wasp species are highly varied, ranging from to long. Most are slender, with the females of many species (particularly in the genus "Megarhyssa") having an extremely long ovipositor for laying eggs. The female finds a host and lays an egg on, near, or inside the host's body. Upon hatching, the larval ichneumon feeds either externally or internally, killing the host when they themselves are ready to pupate. Despite looking formidable, the ovipositor does not deliver a sting like many wasps or bees. It can be used by the wasps to bore through rotten wood, and lay eggs in grubs hiding under the wood.


Information asymmetry

Information asymmetry is a concept in economics and contract theory. It says that in any given contract the two parties of the contract do not have the same information. Information economics is a field of science that looks at some of the problems that result from this bias. Neoclassical economics assumes there is perfect information: all the actors know all the states of their environment; they can also observe what all the other actors do. Information is free -it has no cost in the economic sense. This is also true for the ability to observe the other parties.

A model called New institutional economics changes this: information is no longer free, there are costs associated with obtaining information.

Information asymmetry is concerned with three main asymmetries:

In 2001, the Nobel Prize in Economics was awarded to George Akerlof, Michael Spence, and Joseph E. Stiglitz "for their analyses of markets with asymmetric information."


SWV

SWV (Sisters with Voices) are an African American female group that sing R&B music. The group was founded in 1990 and had multiple hit songs between then and 1998, one of which sampled the Michael Jackson hit song "Human Nature". The group broke up in 1998 but then reunited around 2005 and have been making music since.


Simpson's paradox

Simpson's paradox is a paradox from statistics. It is named after Edward H. Simpson, a British statistician who first described it in 1951. The statistician Karl Pearson described a very similar effect in 1899.- Udny Yule's description dates from 1903. Sometimes, it is called the Yule–Simpson effect. When looking at the statistical scores of groups, these scores may change, depending on whether the groups are looked at one by one, or if they are combined into a larger group. This case often occurs in social sciences and medical statistics. It may confuse people, if frequency data is used to explain a causal relationship. Other names for the paradox include "reversal paradox" and "amalgamation paradox".
This is a real-life example from a medical study comparing the success rates of two treatments for kidney stones.

The table shows the success rates and numbers of treatments for treatments involving both small and large kidney stones, where Treatment A includes all open procedures and Treatment B is percutaneous nephrolithotomy:

The paradoxical conclusion is that treatment A is more effective when used on small stones, and also when used on large stones, yet treatment B is more effective when considering both sizes at the same time. In this example, it was not known that the size of the kidney stone influenced the result. This is called a hidden variable (or lurking variable) in statistics.

Which treatment is considered better is determined by an inequality between two ratios (successes/total). The reversal of the inequality between the ratios, which creates Simpson's paradox, happens because two effects occur together:

Guarani

Guarani, Guaraní or Guarany may refer to








Coat of arms of Argentina

The coat of arms of Argentina was used in its current form in 1944. It started in the seal of the General Constituent Assembly of 1813. 

It is not known who made the coat of arms. At the top is the gold-yellowed Sun of May, also found on the flag of Argentina. The rising sun is for the rising of Argentina. In the center, there are two shaking hands. This is for the unity of the Provinces of Argentina. The hands come together to hold a pike. This shows power and willingness to defend freedom. The Phrygian cap is on the top of the spear.

The blue and white colors are for the Argentine people. They are the same colors of the Argentine flag. The blue half is for the sky and the white is for the Río de la Plata.

Jenny Agutter

Jennifer Ann Agutter (born 20 December 1952) is a British actress. She was born in Taunton, Somerset. She starred in "The Railway Children", "Walkabout", "Logan's Run" and "An American Werewolf in London.

En unión y libertad

Patagonia

Patagonia is at the southern end of South America. It is land shared by Argentina and Chile. It has some of the most dramatic landscapes on Earth. It has the southern section of the Andes mountains to the southwest towards the Pacific ocean.

It follows south through the Colorado River towards Carmen de Patagones in the Atlantic Ocean. To the west, it includes the Valdivia through Tierra del Fuego archipelago.

The name Patagonia is from the word "patagón" used by Magellan in 1520. The word was for the native people that his expedition thought to be giants. Now people think the Patagons were actually Tehuelches. They had an average height of 180 cm (~5′11″) compared to the 155 cm (~5′1″) average for Spaniards of the time.

The guanaco, the cougar, the Patagonian fox, the Patagonian hog-nosed skunk, and the Magellanic Tuco-tuco are the most common mammals of the Patagonian plains. There are also many birds. Southern Caracara, Austral parakeets, and Green-backed Firecrowns are some. Waterfowl include Chilean Flamingo, Upland Goose, and steamer ducks.

Famous marine fauna include the southern right whale, the Magellanic Penguin, the orca and elephant seals. The Valdés Peninsula is a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its importance as a nature reserve.

Omen

An omen is a sign that is thought to foretell the future, often signifying the advent of change. The word can mean something either "good" or "bad" is about to happen. The origin of the word is unknown, although it may be connected with the Latin word "audire", meaning "to hear". An example from the past, babies born with birth defects were believed to be a bad or evil omen.


Boyacá

Boyacá is one of the 32 departments of Colombia. It is in the central northeastern part of the country, almost entirely within the mountains of the Eastern Cordillera to the border with Venezuela, although the western end of the department extends to the Magdalena River. Its capital is Tunja.

Boyacá is known as "The Land of Freedom" because in this region there were several battles that resulted in the independence of Colombia from Spain.

The territory of present-day Boyacá was inhabited, during the Pre-Columbian time, by "Muisca" indigenous peoples. They lived mainly by agriculture and mining gold and emeralds.

The first European to discover the area was the Spaniard Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada. In 1539, Gonzalo Suárez Rendón, a Spanish colonist, founded the city of Tunja and other places. Tunja became one of the main political and economic centers for the Spanish during the "Viceroyalty of New Granada".

During the 19th century Boyaca was battleground of several important battles during the war of Independence; two of the most important were the "Battle of the Pantano de Vargas" (Vargas Swamp Battle) on 25 July 1819, and the "Battle of Boyacá" on 7 August 1819.

The Boyacá department is in the Andean region over the mountains of the Eastern Cordillera (the eastern section of the Andes in Colombia). It borders 8 departments: Santander and Norte de Santander to the north, Arauca and Casanare to the east, Cundinamarca and Meta to the south, and Caldas and Antioquia to the west. It also borders with Venezuela.

Boyacá has an area of , most of it on a plateau. Its highest point is Ritacuba Blanco () in the Eastern Cordillera; it is high.

Many rivers start in this area; the most important are the Chicamocha and Arauca rivers, tributaries to other important rivers such as the Magdalena and Meta rivers.

Boyacá also has numerous lakes; the largest, and the largest in Colombia, is the Lake Tota with an area of .

The area around Tunja, at an altitude of about , is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature and ample precipitation in all months. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Tunja is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Tunja is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of . There is an average of 179.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in May with 19.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in January with 6.0 days.

The average temperature for the year in Tunja is . The warmest month, on average, is March with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

There are 13 provinces and two special districts in the Boyacá Department, listed below with their 123 municipalities. The provincial capitals are in bold.

Centro

Gutiérrez

La Libertad

Lengupá
Occidente

Márquez

Neira
Norte

Oriente

Ricaurte
Sugamuxi

Tundama

Valderrama

Distrito Fronterizo

Special Handling Zone

The inhabitants of the Boyacá department are known, in Spanish, as "Boyacense".

Boyacá had a population, in 2005, of 1,255,311, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Population history in Boyacá

The 10 municipalities with more inhabitants in the Boyacá department are:

Farming is an important activity; some crops grown here are sugarcane, coffee and cacao. Cattle raising is also important.

Mining is also an important activity, mainly of emerald and coal.

Some places of interest in the department are:

Phoebe Cates

Phoebe Belle Cates (born July 16 1963) is an American model and movie actress. She is best known for acting in movies in the "Gremlins" franchise and for acting in the 1982 movie "Fast Times at Ridgemont High".

Cates was born on July 16 1963 in New York City, New York. She married actor Kevin Kline in 1989. They have two children.

Argentine Antarctica

Argentine Antarctica is a part of Antarctica claimed by Argentina as part of its national territory. This claim overlaps with British and Chilean claims in Antarctica. Argentine Antarctica is a department of the province of Tierra del Fuego, Antarctica, and South Atlantic Islands.

The Argentine exploration to the continent started early in the 20th century. José María Sobral was the first Argentine to set foot on Antarctica in 1901. He spent 2 seasons with the Swedish Antarctic Expedition of Doctor Otto Nordenskiöld. In 1904, the Orcadas Base was fully working. Years later other bases were made. The first Argentine expedition to reach the South Pole was the 1965 Operación 90.

Argentine actions in Antarctica are coordinated by the Instituto Antartico Argentino

According the last Argentine national census, on October 2010 (winter) there were 230 people in the six permament bases.

The geography of Argentine Antarctica has some features of the Patagonia. The highest peaks are at the south of the Antarctic Peninsula. The land is under an ice sheet.

The region has a polar climate, with strong winds, snow and thick clouds.

Chilean Antarctic Territory

The Chilean Antarctic Territory is the territory in Antarctica claimed by Chile since 1940. The Chilean Antarctic Territory overlaps Argentine and British Antarctic claims.

Within Chilean territorial organization Antártica is the name of the commune that administers the territory. Belongs to Antártica Chilena Province, which is part of Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region. The commune of Antártica was created on July 11, 1961, and was dependent on the Magallanes Province until 1975, when the Antártica Chilena Province was created, making it dependent administratively on Puerto Williams, the province capital.

The Antarctic Treaty froze all the Antartic claims.

List of Chilean Antarctic Bases:

(P): Permanent; Are open all the year.
(S): Seasonal; Are open in the Austral Summer.

Villa Las Estrellas is the only civil settlement in a Chilean Base, the other one is in Esperanza Base (Argentina) and it's called "Fortín Sargento Cabral"

The only permanent Chilean base on the Antarctic Peninsula is Base General Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme. It has been working since February 18, 1948. It is located on Puerto Covadonga.

Bunpō

, also romanized as Bumpō, was a after "Shōwa" and before "Gen'ō." This period started in February 1317 and ended in April 1319. The reigning Emperors were and .




Gen'ō

After the abdication of Emperor Hanazono, Takaharu-shinno was proclaimed emperor. Nijō Michihira was Chancellor ("kampaku"); but the court remained under the direction of former-Emperor Go-Uda. Prince Morikuni was the shogun in Kamakura; and Hōjō Takatoki was the shogunate's chief minister ("shikken').



Béard-Géovreissiat

Béard-Géovreissiat is a commune in the Ain department of France. Most of the commune is the villages of Béard and Géovreissiat. The hamlet of St Germain de Béard, and the northern part of the hamlet of Croix-Châlon are also part of the commune.

The commune was called Géovreissiat until October 2008. Géovreissiat is the main village and the city hall is there.
In 2009, 935 people lived in the commune. They are called the "Béardais".

Between 1841 and 1846, the population fell from 720 to 354 inhabitants, and continued to fall until the end of the Second World War. Today it has reached its highest population since records began.


Ampullariidae

Ampullariidae, the apple snails, is a family of large freshwater snails. It is the largest species of snail. Apple snails are most commonly found in Africa, South and Central America, West Indies, Southern USA, and Asia, but can be found all over the world. They are well adapted to their region and therefore can also be sold as pets and bought at most pet stores in the US. Apple snails are the preferred type of pet snail because of their appearance and size. Apple snails are also called golden mystery snails, golden snails, and mystery snails.

Apple snails live in water. They prefer water temperatures between 18°-28° Celsius, or 65°-82° Fahrenheit. They eat things like fresh fruits, lettuce, other vegetables, algae and wafers. However, they are not called apple snails because they eat apples. They get their name from the fact that one species of apple snails can grow to be the size of an apple. Apple snails are also common aquarium pets because of their size. They also prefer to be with other snails. They are good pets because they can live in almost any water condition, for example, water with low/high levels of oxygen, and various temperatures. Although they can live in water with high oxygen, this makes them move slower.

A snail has a basic anatomy like any other mollusk. They have a shell, a nervous system, a circulatory system, a respiratory system, and a reproductive system. The circulatory system has an open heart system, which pumps blood which flows over all of the organs in the snails body without veins or arteries. The respiratory system includes gills and lungs. They need gills to be able to live in water. They have lungs because their bodies adapted to their environment because of frequent droughts; so they need lungs to breathe during the droughts. Their nervous system includes their brain, which controls their body. They are one of the only species of snails that are not hermaphrodites. Each gender has its own reproductive parts.

Apple snails are herbivores, so they eat mostly aquatic vegetation, and algae. In captivity, they are commonly fed fish food, along with supplements of rotting organic waste, such as vegetables.. To digest food, apple snails first break up food with the radula teeth, and then the food will be swallowed, and travel down the esophagus and to the stomach. It will eventually exit through the anus as feces. Apple snails will eat most aquatic vegetation, and can "ruin" the look of an aquarium very quickly, as they are scavengers.

Apple snails have an open circulatory system. This means that the heart pumps blood, but instead of it pumping through veins and arteries like humans have, the blood washes over the organs, and the organs absorb it on contact. After the blood is pumped and the nutrients have been absorbed, it flows back to the heart to take the carbon dioxide away and to get new oxygen.

The apple snails are not hermaphrodite, like most snails, meaning that they have two genders.

The male snail has two kinds of sperm. One is for attaching onto the female's egg, and the function of the other sperm is unknown.

The female's eggs are stored in the "ovaria" which is near the digestive gland. It goes to the receptaculum seminis, where the male's sperm is stored. The eggs are fertilized here. Then, after the eggs are fertilized, they are sent to the shell gland which will give the eggs a protective shell. After, they shall continue down their tube and leave the mother's body, waiting to be hatched.


Lottery

Lottery is a form of gambling where people pick numbers for a prize, usually money. It is forbidden by some governments although allowed by others. Until after World War II, lottery systems were banned in most countries, including the United States and Europe. Nowadays, lottery is a real method of revenue in some countries, including United States.

Hilbert's problems

In 1900, the mathematician David Hilbert published a list of 23 unsolved mathematical problems. The list of problems turned out to be very influential. After Hilbert's death, another problem was found in his writings; this is sometimes known as Hilbert's 24th problem today. This problem is about finding criteria to show that a solution to a problem is the simplest possible.

Of the 23 problems, three were unresolved in 2012, three were too vague to be resolved, and six could be partially solved. Given the influence of the problems, the Clay Mathematics Institute formulated a similar list, called the Millennium Prize Problems in 2000.

The formulation of certain problems is better than that of others. 
Of the cleanly-formulated Hilbert problems, problems 3, 7, 10, 11, 13, 14, 17, 19, 20, and 21 have a resolution that is accepted by consensus. On the other hand, problems 1, 2, 5, 9, 15, 18, and 22 have solutions that have partial acceptance, but there exists some controversy as to whether it resolves the problem.

The solution for problem 18, the Kepler conjecture, uses a computer-assisted proof. This is controversial, because a human reader is unable to verify the proof in reasonable time. 

That leaves 16, 8 (the Riemann hypothesis) and 12 unresolved. On this classification 4, 16, and 23 are too vague to ever be described as solved. The withdrawn 24 would also be in this class. 6 is considered as a problem in physics rather than in mathematics.

Hilbert's twenty-three problems are:

Energy drink

Energy drinks are beverages whose producers say they can "can boost energy". This claim has to do with vitamins and stimulants in these drinks. Examples of energy drinks are Red Bull and Monster Energy. They are usually well liked by young people. 66% of energy drink sales are to people between the ages of 14 and 35. Up to a third of children in the UK have at least one energy drink every week.

They are a subset of the larger group of energy products, which includes bars and gels; they are also different from sports drinks, which are advertised to improve sports performance. There are many brands and varieties in this drink category.

Energy drinks have the effects of caffeine and sugar, but there is little or no evidence that many other ingredients have any effect. Most effects of energy drinks on cognitive performance, such as increased attention and reaction speed, are primarily due to the presence of caffeine. Other studies ascribe those performance improvements to the effects of the combined ingredients.

There is evidence that these drinks are harmful to the mental and physical health of children and young people, as well as their behaviour and education. Some supermarkets have introduced a voluntary ban on the sale of energy drinks to under-16s. The British government said they would ban energy drinks for under-16s in England in 2019, but in 2024 that has not happened. The British Soft Drinks Association says their voluntary code of practice says BSDA members do not market or promote energy drinks to under-16s.

Kellie Martin

Kellie Noelle Martin (b. October 16 1975 near Riverside, California) is an American television actress. She is known for playing Lucy Knight in the NBC television series "ER".

Mutunus Tutunus

In ancient Roman religion, Mutunus Tutunus was a phallic marriage deity. He is often associated with the Greek god Priapus. His shrine was located on the Velian Hill, supposedly since the founding of Rome, until the 1st century BC.

During marriage rites, Roman brides are supposed to have straddled the phallus of Mutunus to prepare themselves for sexual intercourse, according to Church Fathers who interpreted this act as an obscene loss of virginity.


Lionel Guérin

Lionel Guérin is a French Chief executive officer and politician. Graduate from the "École nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique" and from the "École nationale de l'aviation civile", he is the founding President of the regional airline Airlinair, President of Transavia France and of the "Fédération nationale de l’aviation marchande".

In September 2011, he almost became chairman of Air France.

Lionel Guerin is an environmental activist. He likes parrots. He also likes supporting sustainable aviation.

Guérin received the Legion of Honour award.


Omar Hawsawi

Omar Hawsawi (b. 27 September 1985 is a Saudi Arabian footballer. He currently plays as a Defender for the Al-Nassr club.


Abdulaziz Fallatah

Abdulaziz Fallatah is a Saudi football player who plays a Midfielder for Hajer.

Fallatah started his career at Al-Qadisiyah Club. He joined Al-Nassr in the summer of 2011.



True Romance

True Romance is a 1993 American crime drama movie. It was directed by Tony Scott and was released on September 10, 1993. The cast of the movie includes Christian Slater, Patricia Arquette, James Gandolfini, Dennis Hopper, Gary Oldman, Brad Pitt, Val Kilmer and Christopher Walken.

La Sylphide

La Sylphide () is a romantic ballet. It was created for Marie Taglioni by her father Filippo Taglioni to showcase her talents. The ballet was first performed in the Salle Le Peletier in Paris on March 12, 1832. The ballet was a great success. Taglioni was regarded as the greatest ballerina of the age. 

The ballet is set in Scotland. James is on the eve of marrying Effie. Gurn also loves Effie. James is distracted by a vision of a lovely sylph. Old Madge, a witch, reads palms. She declares Gurn will be the husband of Effie. James grows angry and throws her out into the storm. The wedding preparations start. The sylph appears and steals the wedding ring. James runs after her into the forest. Effie is consoled in the arms of Gurn. 

In the forest, the sylph and James dally romantically. The sylph summons her sister sylphs. They entertain James with several dances. He wants to capture the sylph, and asks Old Madge for her help. She gives him a poisoned scarf, but tells him he can capture the sylph with it. He wraps the sylph in the scarf. Her wings fall off and she dies. James sees a wedding procession led by Gurn and Effie. He faints and dies. Old Madge has had her revenge.

In November 1836, August Bournonville choreographed his version to music by Herman Severin Løvenskiold for the Royal Danish Ballet. Taglioni's choreography has been lost, but Bournonville's exists and is still danced in Copenhagen. In 1972, Pierre Lacotte reconstructed Taglioni's choreography from prints, notes, and other materials.

Muromachi period

, also known as the Muromachi era, the Ashikaga era, or the Ashikaga period, is a division of Japanese history. The period started in 1333 and ended in 1573.

The years of the Ashikaga shogunate are called the Muromachi period. The name comes from the district of Kyoto in which this series of shoguns had an official home. This home was also known as the or .




Jason Griffith

Jason Adam Griffith (born November 29, 1980) is an American voice actor and actor. He has worked on several animated TV series. He was the voices of Sega mascot Sonic the Hedgehog, Shadow the Hedgehog and Jet the Hawk in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video game series. He was also the voice of Cilan, Ash's former traveling partner and first Gym Leader in "Pokémon: Black & White".


Kim (given name)

Kim is a male or female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ kim ]. It can also be used as a shorter way of saying "Kimberly", "Kimberley", "Kimball", "Kimiko" and "Joakim". It can also be used as a nickname. The name Kim is of English origin and is derived from the Old English word "cyne" which means "royal" or "noble" This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Girls were hardly ever given the name "Kim" until the 1960s. Since then, it has become more common for females to be named Kim.

People with this name include:






Kim (surname)

Kim is a surname. It came from several things.

Kim, sometimes spelled "Gim", is the most common family name in Korea.

Kim is how the Chinese surname "Jin" is spelled in Vietnam.

People with the surname Kim but who do not come from Korea, China or Vietnam include:

Fictional characters with the surname Kim include:


Samantha

The name Samantha [ s"uh"-man-th"uh" ] is a female given name dating back to around the 18th century. Samantha has been a popular name for girls for several decades and has a rich history and meaning of English origin. Its wide use in literature, movies, and television shows has made it a globally recognized name. The name Samantha originates from the Hebrew name Shemuel, which signifies "heard by God." It was initially used in the United States during the late 18th century and gained popularity during the 1960s and 1970s. Since the 1980s, the name Samantha has consistently ranked among the top 100 baby names for girls in the United States.It has been used by many celebrities, musicians and many others, including Samantha Eggar, Samantha Fox and Samantha Womack. This name was ranked #105 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Kim, Colorado

Kim is a small town. It is in Las Animas County, Colorado, United States. At the 2020 U.S. census, 63 people lived in Kim.

Rodeo star Lane Frost was born in La Junta in 1963. However, he spent some of his early days with his mother and grandparents in Kim, while his father was on tour.

Kim is at (37.246129, -103.353643).

The United States Census Bureau says that the town has a total area of . All of it is land.

As of the census of 2020, there were 63 people living in Kim. These people made up 34 households. The population density was 170 people per square mile (64/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 77.8% White, 7.9% Native American, 7.9% from other races, and 6.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 28.6% of the population.

There were 34 households. 17.6% of these had children under the age of 18 living with them. 41.2% had a married couple living together. 20.6% had a woman living there with no partner, and 35.3% had a man living there with no partner. 32.4% of all households were made up of just one person and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 people.

In the town, 9.5% of the people were under the age of 18. 6.3% were from 18 to 24. 19.0% were from 25 to 44. 22.2% were 45 to 64, and 42.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56.5 years. There were 33 females and 30 males.


Andrea

The name Andrea [an-dree-uh, ahn-, ahn-drey-uh]is a given name. The name Andrea is of Greek origin and means "strong and courageous".It is usually used for females(In 2021, the top 1000 ranking of newborns named in the United States, in the female ranking of 173, in the male ranking did not appear). 

There are a lot of celebrities with the name Andrea. Also, the name is a replacement for Allison over List 5 of the Atlantic tropical cyclone naming list.



City TV (disambiguation)

Citytv may refer to:

Genkyō

, also Genkō, was a after "Gen'ō" and before "Shōchū." This period started in February 1321 and ended in December 1324. The reigning Emperor was .




Catamarca Province

Catamarca is a Province of Argentina. It is in the northwest of the country. The province has 334,568 people as per the 2001 census. To the west, it borders Chile.

The capital is San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, usually shortened to Catamarca. Other important cities are Andalgalá, Tinogasta, and Belén.

The land is mostly mountains.


Genkō

Genkō or Genko may mean

Other uses:

Chaco Province

The Province of Chaco is a province in northeastern Argentina. There were 1,129,606 as of 2022. The province has an international border with Paraguay. The capital and largest city is Resistencia.

Half of the people who live here are below the poverty line.

Chaco is from the word "". It is a Quechua word used for hunting by the people of the Inca Empire.

Jennifer

The name Jennifer is derived from the Welsh name Gwenhwyfar, which means "white wave" or "fair lady." It is a female name which was first put into use in the 18th century. The name was quite uncommon prior to 1906. Around 1969, however, the name hit number 3 on the girl name charts, then between 1970 and 1984 Jennifer became the single most popular name. Since 1990 the name is still common, although considerably less so. Numerous celebrities carry the name Jennifer, for example Jennifer Aniston and Jennifer Jason Leigh. The pronunciation of the name is [ jen-"uh"-fer ]. This name was ranked #493 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Corrientes Province

Corrientes is a province in northeast Argentina. The Yacyretá Dam is in the northeast of the province. It is one of the largest hydroelectric dams in the world. Also in the province are the Iberá Wetlands and the Mburucuyá National Park.

On 28 September 2004, Guaraní became an official language of Corrientes, alongside Spanish. It is the only Argentine Province with an official language other than Spanish.

Agriculture is one of the main activities in the province. Crops include citrus, tobacco, rice, tea, cotton and yerba mate.

Entre Ríos Province

Entre Ríos is a northeastern province of Argentina. The capital is Paraná. It is on the Paraná River, opposite the city of Santa Fe.

Most of the money for the province comes from agriculture. Products include rice, soybeans, wheat, maize, and citrus. The province also produces a large amount of chickens and eggs.

The land is almost completely flat. The name of the province means "between rivers". El Palmar National Park and Predelta National Park are here.

Sylvain Cloutier

Sylvain Richard Cloutier (born February 13, 1974 in Mont-Laurier, Quebec) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey. He currently is a player coach of the Hull Stingrays of the Elite Ice Hockey League. He was drafted with the 70th overall pick by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft. He played 7 games in the NHL with the Chicago Blackhawks but never scored a point. He became the player coach of the Hull Stingrays of the EIHL in 2009. He is siblings with former NHL goaltender Dan Cloutier.

Margaret

Margaret is an English name that dates back to around the 11th century. The name was popular in the Middle Ages, though between the 16th and 18th centuries it became less popular. However, during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the name became popular again. It was the second most popular female name in 1903. Since then, the name has become less popular again. The pronunciation of the name is [ mahr-g"uh"-rit, -grit ]. The name Margaret is of Greek origin and means "pearl." It is derived from the Greek word "margarites," which means "pearl." This name was ranked #125 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

The name Maggie is a short form of Margaret. Other nicknames include Meg and Peggy.

Famous Margarets include:

Genkō (era)

The pretender in Kyoto was . Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .


The oldest extant account of Buddhism in Japan, the "Genko Shakusho" (元亨釈書), was completed in the "Genko" era. The writing project was the work of Kokan Shiren.



Gentoku

Gentoku was a "nengō" of the Northern Court during the pre-Nanboku-chō period after Karyaku and before Shōkyō. This period started in August 1329 and ended in April 1332. 

In the Southern Court, but Gentoku lasted until only August 1331 when "Genkō" started. After 1331, the pretender in Kyoto was . Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .




Substitute good

In economics two or more goods can be classified by looking at the demand curve when the price of one of these goods changes. That way they will either be classified as substitutes or complementary goods. Two goods are substitutes if the demand of one good increases and the price of the other good increases. In this case, consumers will replace one good with the other. 

Classic examples of substitute goods include margarine and butter, or tea and coffee. Substitute goods not only occur on the consumer side of the market but also the producer side. Substitutable producer goods would include: petroleum and natural gas (used for heating or electricity). The fact that one good is substitutable for another has immediate economic consequences: insofar as one good can be substituted for another, the demand for the two kinds of good will be bound together by the fact that customers can trade off one good for the other if they get an advantage by to do so.

Perfect substitutes can replace each other, without trade-off in costs, or quality. For imperfect substitutes, the customer has to make a trade-off, either in price, or in quality. Artificial leather is much cheaper than real leather, and can replace it in many situations - artificial and real leather are substitute goods. Real leather is much more durable, and has a different look and feel. When these factors are important, the two are not interchangeable. For this reason artificial and real leather are imperfect substitutes.

Complementary good

In microeconomics, complementary goods are goods whose utility is increased if they are consumed together. This means that the demand curve for both goods will move in the same direction, if the price changes. If the demand curve does not change in the same direction, in case of a price change, the goods are substitute goods. 

Split, Croatia

Split is the second largest city in Croatia. About 211.000 people lived there in 2012. The city is the biggest and most important one in Dalmatia. It is often called "capital of Dalmatia". About 400.000 people live in the metropolitan region. Split is located at the Adriatic Sea. Its port ofters year-round connections to most islands of Dalmatia. There is an important shipyard in Split. Other sources of income are tourism, fishery, paper mills, cement works and some chemical industry.

Mongol invasions of Japan

The two failed invasion attempts are important because they were defining events in Japanese history. 

The attempts show the limits of Mongol (Yuan Dynasty) ability to expand the Chinese empire.


After the destruction of the Mongol invaders, Japan's independence was guaranteed. A power struggle within Japan led to the growth of military governments and less Imperial power.



Genkō yōshi

"Genkō yōshi" may be used with any type of writing instruments pencil, pen, or an ink brush.

"Genkō yōshi" is used for vertical writing. On a sheet of "genkō yōshi", there is no pre-determined order; there is instead a system of space, which can be designed freely.

One page of Japanese with 400 characters generally equals 225-250 words in English. In other words, an essay of about 10,000 words would be the same as 40-45 "genko yoshi".

"Genkō yōshi" came into common use in the Meiji period. Newspapers and magazines needed to count characters.


Formosa Province

Formosa Province is a province in northeastern Argentina. Its northeast end touches Asunción, Paraguay. The capital is Formosa. 

Formosa's protected areas are the Río Pilcomayo National Park and the Formosa National Reserve.

Formosa is one of the poorest provinces in Argentina.

Andrew

The name Andrew [an-droo]is a masculine given name. It was a very popular name in English-speaking countries in the 1990s. The name Andrew is of Greek origin and is derived from the Greek word “andreios”, which means “manly” or “masculine”. Many celebrities and famous people have the name.In 2021, there will be 5,570 births named Andrew in the U.S., ranking 57.

A hurricane with the name cut across Florida and central Louisiana in 1992, causing more than $35 billion in destruction.






Jujuy Province

Jujuy is a province of Argentina. It is in the far northwest of the country, at the borders with Chile and Bolivia. 

La Pampa Province

La Pampa is a province of Argentina. It is in the center of the country. Very few people live there.

In 1952, the province was renamed after Eva Perón. In 1955, it was changed back to La Pampa.

Agriculture gives a fourth to La Pampa's economy. The most important activity is cattle ranching. Other livestock include sheep, goats and pigs.

La Rioja Province, Argentina

La Rioja is one of the provinces of Argentina. It is in the west side of the country. The province's two largest cities are La Rioja and Chilecito.

Petroglyphs at the Talampaya National Park are dated around 10,000 years BCE.

Fatal Attraction

Fatal Attraction is an American thriller movie directed by Adrian Lyne. It stars Michael Douglas, Glenn Close and Anne Archer.

Douglas plays attorney Dan Gallagher, who lives in Manhattan with wife Beth (played by Archer) and their six-year-old daughter Ellen (played by Ellen Hamilton Latzen). He has a fling with 36-year-old Alex Forrest (played by Close). Alex has borderline personality disorder and self-harms. When Dan ends the affair, she refuses to accept it and reacts with hatred against him and later tells him she is pregnant. Despite him moving to Bedford, New York, she stalks him and uses violence. Dan then approaches the police for a restraining order against her, but the lieutenant claims that he cannot violate Alex's rights without probable cause and must own up to his own adultery.

One day, when Dan and his family are out, Alex kills Ellen's pet rabbit and leaves it on their stove to boil. After this, Dan confesses to the affair and of Alex's pregnancy. Beth then kicks Dan out, but not before he calls Alex to tell her of Beth's knowledge of the affair. Beth then warns Alex that "if you (Alex) ever come near my family again, I'll (Beth) kill you". The next day, unbeknownst to Beth and Dan, Alex arrives at Ellen's school and picks her up, taking her to a theme park. Beth, in a panic, drives around searching for Ellen and rear-ends a car, resulting in her being hospitalised. Alex takes Ellen home and asks her for a kiss on the cheek. After Beth is released from hospital, she forgives Dan and they return home.

Dan attacks Alex in her apartment and nearly strangles her to death. He stops, but then Alex attacks him with a kitchen knife. He overpowers her, but puts the knife down and leaves, with Alex leaning on the kitchen counter, smiling. Dan approaches the police about having her arrested and they start searching for her. While Beth is preparing a bath for herself, Alex appears with the knife and explains her resentment of Beth, all the while fidgeting and resulting in her cutting her leg, before attacking her. The screaming attracts Dan's attention and he wrestles Alex into the bath, seemingly drowning her. Alex then emerges from the water swinging the knife. Beth then shoots her to death. After Dan is finished talking to the police, he goes upstairs where Beth is waiting for him, they then embrace and proceed upstairs as the camera focuses on a picture of the family.

Angela

Angela [an-juh-luh] is a female given name.Angela is derived from the Greek word “angelos”, meaning “messenger”.

It was popular during the 1960s and 1970s. It is now less popular, although "Angela" is still popular among girls. This name was ranked #234 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021. There are many celebrities with this name.




Amol

Amol () is the capital city of the Mazandaran Province in Iran.

Karyaku

, also romanized as Kareki, was a after "Shōchū" and before "Gentoku." This period spanned the years from April 1326 through August 1329. The reigning Emperor was .




Misiones Province

Misiones is one of the provinces of Argentina. It is in the northeastern corner of the country. Paraguay is to the northwest. Brazil is to the north, east and south. There are 965,522 people living in Misiones. Iguazú National Park is here.

The province first had Guarani people.

Misiones makes the most yerba mate in all of Argentina. Light manufacturing and tourism also help the economy. 

Neuquén Province

Neuquén is a province of Argentina. It is in the west of the country, at the northern end of Patagonia. It borders Chile to the west and Mendoza Province to the northeast. The name comes from the Neuquén River.

Neuquén is one of the richest provinces in Argentina. There is a lot of natural gas and petroleum production.

There are four national parks: Los Arrayanes National Park, Lanín National Park, the Nahuel Huapí National Park, and the Laguna Blanca National Park.

Río Negro Province

Río Negro is a province of Argentina. It is at the northern edge of Patagonia. To the east is the Atlantic Ocean. Its capital is Viedma. Other important cities include the ski resort town of Bariloche, Cipolletti and General Roca.

Ferdinand Magellan was the first explorer to visit the coasts of the provinces in 1520.

The province makes almost 70% of the apples and pears of the country. Industrial fishing takes place in the Atlantic Ocean waters of the San Matías Gulf. Hake, squid, and shellfish are the most common capture.

Sauvane Delanoë

Sauvane Delanoë (born January 19, 1978 in Paris, France) is a French voice actress. She mostly works as dubbing the voices of English-language movies and TV shows in French.

Delanoë began acting when she was five years old. She also writes music for theatre.

All works are the French versions:


San Juan Province, Argentina

San Juan is a province of Argentina. It is in the western part of the country. It borders with Chile at the west. The entire province has an important number of paleontological sites. 

Agriculture is one of the most important economic activities, especially wine production and Olive oil. It is also an important center of mining and oil production.

San Luis Province

San Luis is a province of Argentina. The "Pampa de las Salinas" is a great salt lake in the province. The Sierra de las Quijadas National Park is here.

The railway system reached San Luis in the year 1875.

Mining is mostly for construction materials such as limestone and marble. There is also mining for tungsten, uranium and salt.

Santa Cruz Province, Argentina

Santa Cruz is a province of Argentina. It is in the southern part of the country, in Patagonia. It borders Chile to the west and south. To the east is the Atlantic Ocean. It is the second largest province of the country (after Buenos Aires province). It has the fewest people in mainland Argentina. Perito Moreno National Park and Los Glaciares National Park are here.

"Río Turbio" is Argentina's only active coal mine. There is also mining for gold, clay, gypsum, and salt. Sheep are also important for the economy. They are used both for wool and meat.

Santa Fe Province

The Invincible Province of Santa Fe is a province of Argentina. It is in the center-east of the country. Santa Fe's most important cities are Rosario, the capital Santa Fe, Rafaela, Villa Gobernador Gálvez, Venado Tuerto, Reconquista, and Santo Tomé.

In 1889 the National University of the Littoral was formed.

Cattle are important to the province for both meat and milk.

Santiago del Estero Province

Santiago del Estero is a province in the north of Argentina. Its capital is the city of Santiago del Estero

The province of Santiago del Estero has an area of ; the province is in the northern part of the country and is surrounded by the provinces Salta, Chaco, Santa Fe, Córdoba, Catamarca and Tucumán.

Most of the province is in the Gran Chaco flat lands with some low places where some small lakes are formed. In some low places, there are wetlands that are known here as "Esteros".

The main rivers of the province are the Dulce, that is known as "Salí" river in Tucumán, and the Salado.

Santiago del Estero has an arid climate, subtype Bsh in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Santiago del Estero is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Santiago del Estero is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The inhabitants of Santiago del Estero are known, in Spanish, as "Santiagueños" (women: "Santiagueñas").

The province of Santiago del Estero has a population, in 2010, of 874,006; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Santiago del Estero

The province is divided into 27 departments ().


Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina

Tierra del Fuego (officially Provincia de Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur) is a province of Argentina. It is entirely separated from mainland Argentina by the Strait of Magellan. It includes:

Aldemaro Romero

Aldemaro Romero (March 12, 1928 – September 15, 2007) was a Venezuelan pianist, composer, arranger and orchestral conductor. He was born in Valencia, Carabobo State.

Romero was a prolific composer, creating a wide range of music, such as Caribbean, Jazz, Venezuelan waltzes, including works for orchestra, orchestra and soloist, orchestra and choir, chamber music, up to symphonic works of great dimensions. In 1951 Romero signed contract with RCA Victor to record with a full orchestra, what was to be a very successful album in the "Dinner In..." series, featuring popular Latin American music. Under the RCA label he published his LP Dinner in Caracas, with which beat all sales records in South America until then. Afterwards, recorded numerous LP albums in different countries. In America, his ability as arranger/conductor led him to collaborate with popular orchestras and singers, such as Dean Martin, Jerry Lee Lewis, Stan Kenton, Machito and Tito Puente, among others. He also toured extensively, performing in numerous countries: Mexico, Puerto Rico, Colombia, Peru, Brazil, Argentina, Spain, France, Greece, Switzerland, Sweden, Italy, Russia, Egypt and Japan.
Romero was the creator of a new form of Venezuelan music, known as "New Wave" (Onda Nueva), derived from the joropo and influenced by Brazilian Bossa Nova. He also had an important role in the field of learned music.

Aldemaro Romero died in Caracas on September 15, 2007, at the age of 79.


Stephen (disambiguation)

Stephen or Steven is a male given name. It might also mean:


President of Argentina

The President of the Argentine Nation, usually known as the President of Argentina, is the head of state of Argentina. The President is also Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces.

The current President is Javier Milei. He was sworn in on 10 December 2023.

List of vice presidents of Argentina

The Vice President of Argentina is a senior official of Argentina who integrates the electoral team accompanying the citizen who is elected President of Argentina, and whose main function is to replace him in case of temporary absence, or in case of permanent absence for disability, death or resignation. In Argentine history, there have also been de facto vice presidents, imposed as a result of coups d'état, although not all governments headed by de facto presidents had the presence of a vice president. This is the second highest political position in Argentina.

The Vice President replaces the President if the President cannot do the job. The vice president is not a member of the National Executive Power and only assumes the presidency in the absence or inability of the president to exercise power. During the time that the vice president does not exercise the Executive Power, his function is to be president of the Senate, without a vote unless there is a tie, in which case he has the power to break the tie. The Argentine Constitution does not have any provision on the replacement of a Vice President. The usual constitutional practice has been to leave the position vacant in the event of death, disability, removal or resignation.

Tobias (surname)

Tobias is a Greek form of the Hebrew name ""Tobijah"" from the Bible, meaning ""Jehovah [God] is good"". It is often used as a male given name, but has also been a surname (last name).

The surname Tobias may refer to the following people:


Supreme Court of Argentina

The Supreme Court of Argentina is the highest court of law in Argentina. It started on 15 January 1863. The rulings of the court are final. The court also decides on cases about the constitution.

The members of the Supreme Court are chosen by the President.

The current composition of the Supreme Court is as follows:

Julio Cobos

Julio César Cleto Cobos (born Mendoza, Argentina, April 30, 1955) is an Argentine politician. He is the Vice President of Argentina for President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner from 2007 to 2011. He started as part of the Radical Civic Union (UCR). He became Governor of Mendoza in 2003.

American Hairless Terrier

The American Hairless Terrier is a hairless dog breed. This means they do not have fur. The American Hairless Terrier is often listed as a good breed choice for people with allergies.

The first American Hairless Terrier was born in the United States in 1972. The puppy, who was named Josephine, was born to a rat terrier mother, who had a coat of fur.

These dogs are friendly. They have a mild temperament and are interested animals.

Don

Don can stand for different concepts:

Jean-Charles Corbet

Jean-Charles Corbet is a French Chief executive officer and aviator.

Graduates from "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (ÉNAC) of Toulouse (airline pilot promotion 1974), he starts his career as air transport pilot in Gabon, waiting to be hired by Air France.

Airline pilot at Air France, he is First officer on Boeing 737 and 747, and then Captain on Airbus A320 before being qualified on Airbus A340.

Head of the Air France section of the "Syndicat national des pilotes de ligne", he is causing a ten-day strike at Air France, just before the 1998 FIFA World Cup. In 2001, he is president of Air Lib, airline borns with the merger of AOM French Airlines and Air Liberté.

Amateur rugby union and air sports, Jean-Charles Corbet is also an accomplished motorcyclist.

Kepler conjecture

The Kepler conjecture is a problem in math. It wants to know the best way to put spheres together so there will be only a little bit of room between the spheres. That means the spheres are put together very tightly, meaning they are dense. 

The Kepler conjecture is about Sphere packing in three-dimensional Euclidean space. It is named after Johannes Kepler (1571-1630) who first had this idea. Kepler supposed that the ways to pack spheres of equal size that result in the packing with the highest density are face-centered cubic or hexagonal packings. Those two things are crystal structures, meaning ways to put things together in a repeating pattern. These packings have a density of slightly over 74 percent, this means that they fill about 74 percent of space available.

Sphere packing

In geometry, Sphere packing refers to a number of problems that try to arrange spheres in space. Very often, the spheres all have the same size, and the space used is usually three-dimensional Euclidean space. The problem is part of packing problems. When it is generalised, not all the spheres need to have the same size, and spaces can be n-dimensional Euclidean space, or hyperbolic space.

A typical sphere packing problem is to find an arrangement in which the spheres fill as large a proportion of the space as possible. The proportion of space filled by the spheres is called the density of the arrangement. As the local density of a packing in an infinite space can vary depending on the volume over which it is measured, the problem is usually to maximise the average or asymptotic density, measured over a large enough volume.

The Great Hunger: Ireland 1845-1849

The Great Hunger Ireland 1845-1849 is a book written in 2008 about the Potato Famine in Ireland. It was written by British historian Cecil Woodham-Smith, who was born in Wales but of Irish ancestry. In her book, Woodham-Smith said that the British government was irresponsible when dealing with the famine. She especially criticised Sir Charles Edward Trevelyan, the British administrator who was in charge of famine relief.

I'm Too Sexy

"I'm Too Sexy" was a hit song by group Right Said Fred. It is about a histrionic-narcissistic model. It reached the top 5 in the English charts. It was first released in 1991. A remix, "I'm Too Sexy 2007", was released in 2007 and was a top 75 hit. The song was released by Tug Records. In 2013 Right Said Fred made the song again as "I'm Too Smurfy" for World Smurfs Day.

Teenage Life

"Teenage Life" was a hit song by Daz Sampson. It was first released in 2006, and was a top 10 hit in the English charts. The song was released by Ebul/Jive records. It represented the UK in the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest.

Swagger Jagger

"Swagger Jagger" is the first single by British singer Cher Lloyd, from her debut studio album, "Sticks and Stones" (2011). The song was released as the lead single from the album on July 31, 2011. The song was written by two production teams - The Runners and The Monarch - along with Lloyd, Autumn Rowe, Marcus Lomax and Clarence Coffee Jr. It was produced by The Runners and The Monarch. The music video was released on June 26, 2011. It was also used in the movie "Identity Thief" with Melissa McCarthy.

The song received mixed reviews from music critics. It debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, and at number two in Ireland.

Consistency proof

In mathematics, a theory is called consistent, if does not contain any contradictions. In the context of predicate logic it is impossible to deduce both formula_1 as well as formula_2 from formula_3

M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle

The Browning Automatic Rifle (BAR) was a group of American automatic rifles and light machine guns. It was used by the United States and several other countries. The most-used type of BAR was the M1918. It was designed by John Browning in 1917. It was supposed to replace the French Chauchat and the M1909 Benet-Mercie machine guns.

The BAR was designed to be carried by soldiers that were moving forward. It was supposed to be put over the shoulder on a strap and fired from the hip. This was called "walking fire". It was thought that walking fire was needed for trench warfare. However, it was usually used as a light machine gun and fired from a bipod.

When the United States joined World War I, they did not have very good machine guns. One reason for this was because there was no military doctrine for their use. The U.S. declared war on Germany on 6 April 1917. At this time, the commanders were told that the U.S. only had 670 M1909 Benet-Mercies, 282 M1904 Maxims and 158 Colts, M1895 to fight the war. After a lot of arguments, they decided that the U.S. would have to build up more American weapons. However, until then, U.S. soldiers would have to take what the French and British could give them. The machine guns given to the U.S. by the French were often not very good. They also fired different cartridges from what the U.S. soldiers usually used. This meant that soldiers and machine gunners had to be given different kinds of cartridge.

In 1917, before the United States joined the First World War, John Browning brought two weapons to Washington, D.C. These were: a water-cooled machine gun (later named the M1917 Browning machine gun) and an automatic rifle. Back then, this automatic rifle was called the Browning Machine Rifle or BMR. Both of these weapons fired the standard U.S. cartridge. John Browning had set up a demonstration of the weapons at Congress Heights. Congress Heights is just outside of Washington D.C. On 27 February 1917, Browning tested the automatic rifle in front of 300 people. The crowd was so impressed that he was immediately given a contract for the weapon. It was quickly brought into service. The water-cooled machine gun was tested further.

More tests were done for U.S. Army weapon officers at Springfield Armory in May 1917. Both weapons were recommended to be brought into service immediately. So that the BAR was not confused with the M1917 machine gun, it was officially named the M1918 or Rifle, Caliber .30, Automatic, Browning, M1918. On 16 July 1917, 12,000 BARs were ordered from Colt's Patent Firearms Manufacturing Company. They were allowed to make the BAR under Browning's patents (Browning's patent 1293022 was owned by Colt). However, Colt was already making as many weapons as they could (as they were making the Vickers machine gun for the British Army). They asked for the military to wait a while, as they were opening a new factory in Meriden, Connecticut. Because of how much the weapon was needed, the request was turned down. The Winchester Repeating Arms Company (WRAC) would make the weapons instead. Winchester also helped out with the BAR's final design.

Since work on the gun did not begin until February 1918, Winchester was hurrying to make many BARs. They were in such a rush that the first 1,800 guns were delivered with things wrong. The contract with Winchester said that they had to make 25,000 BARs. Winchester were making many BARs by June 1918. By July, they were making 9,000 guns a month.

Colt and Marlin-Rockwell Corp. also began making BARs just after Winchester started making a lot of them. Marlin-Rockwell had a contract to make BARs for the Belgian government. They bought the Mayo Radiator Co.'s factory. They only used it to make the BAR. The first BAR from Marlin-Rockwell was delivered on 11 June 1918. The company eventually started making 200 BARs per day. Colt had only made 9,000 BARs when the armistice was signed. This was because they were busy with other orders. Together, the three companies made 706 BARs every day. Around 52,000 BARs were delivered by all companies by the end of WWI. Between 1918 and 1919, 102,125 BARs were made. Colt made 16,000, Winchester made 47,123 and Marlin-Rockwell made 39,002 BARs.

By July 1918, the BAR had arrived in France. The first unit to get BARs was the U.S. Army's 79th Infantry Division. The division used them for the first time on 13 September 1918. Even though it was brought in very late in the war, the BAR made a large effect. It was used a lot during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. The other Allies were impressed by the BAR. France asked for 15,000 BARs to replace their Chauchat.

The M1918 is a selective fire automatic rifle. It fires from an open bolt.

The weapon's barrel can not be removed quickly. The M1918 gets its ammunition from a 20-round box magazine. 40-round magazines were also used to shoot down aircraft. However, these stopped being used in 1927. Not many bayonets for the BAR were made. Because of this, they are very rare.

Because the M1918 was supposed to be used as a support weapon, it did not have a place to put a bayonet. No bayonets were ever used on a BAR. Winchester did make one BAR with a place to put a bayonet, but it was only for testing.

During its long time in service, the M1918 was developed further and further. It was upgraded many times. The first big try at making the M1918 better made the M1922 light machine gun. The M1922 was taken into service with the United States Cavalry in 1922. The weapon used a new type of barrel. It also had a bipod with spikes on the end. The handguard was also changed.

In 1931, the Colt Arms Co. made the Colt Monitor Automatic Machine Rifle (R 80). This was mostly meant to be used by prison guards and the police. The Colt Monitor did not have a bipod. The Colt Monitor weighed around 16 lb. 3 oz. without any ammunition in it. It had a rate of fire of around 500 rpm. Around 125 Colt Monitor automatic rifles were made. 90 of these were bought by the FBI. Eleven rifles went to the U.S. Treasury Department in 1934. The rest went to many prisons, banks, security companies and police departments.

In 1932, a much shorter version of the M1918 BAR designed for 'bush warfare' was made by USMC Major H.L. Smith. Captain Merritt A. Edson wrote a report on this rifle. Edson was the Ordnance officer at the Quartermaster's Depot in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The barrel was made nine inches shorter (229 mm), and there were some other changes as well. The changed BAR weighed 13 lb. 12 oz. and was only long. This version was more accurate than the BAR when firing automatically and while lying down, it was less accurate when fired from the shoulder. It was also very loud. Though the report written by Edson said that six of the 'jungle' BARs should be built for testing, no more work was done on the project.

The M1918A1 had a light bipod with spikes on it, along with some other new features. It was brought into service on 24 June 1937. Not many M1918s were rebuilt to be M1918A1s.

In April 1938, work was started on an improved BAR for the U.S. Army. Early prototypes had bipods that were put onto the barrel. It also had a special mechanism to make the rate of fire less. However, in 1939 the Army

Final development of the M1918A2 started on 30 June 1938. The M1918A2's buttstock (the part of the gun which sticks out at the back) is about one inch longer than the M1918 BAR buttstock. Late in the war, a handle was put onto the barrel to carry the weapon around.

Because the companies did not have a lot of money, the first M1918A2s were just older M1918 BARs that were changed. A small amount M1922s and M1918A1s were also changed. After WWII started, it was tried to make more M1918A2s. However, the World War I tools used to make the M1918 were either worn out or could not be used with modern machines. In 1942, there was not enough wood to make the buttstocks, so a black plastic buttstock was made for the BAR. Firestone Rubber and Latex Products Company made the plastic buttstock for the U.S. Army. This was brought into service on March 21, 1942.

In 2008, one company made a modern, semi-automatic version of the Browning Automatic Rifle. This was called the 1918A3 SLR ("self-loading rifle").

When the war ended, Colt Arms Co. were given the Browning patents to make the BAR that was not given out during the war. This allowed Colt to make the BAR for sale to civilians. This BAR was called the Colt Automatic Machine Rifle Model 1919. It was first made up of M1918s from the contract with the military which were not delivered. It was one of several Colt BARs. However, the weapon had a high price. It was also not very useful to civilians. Because of this, it did not sell much. Ad Topperwien was a famous shooter of the early 1920s. He bought one of the first Colt BARs to shoot things out of the sky. When the National Firearms Act of 1934 was passed, civilian BARs were restricted. Machine guns for U.S. civilians were banned in 1968. Also, making machine guns for U.S. civilians was banned in 1986.

Clyde Barrow, a gangster, liked the army's M1918. He got his BARs by robbing the Army National Guard. Barrow taught his girlfriend Bonnie Parker to fire the M1918 as well.

Automatic weapons were becoming more popular with gangsters in the United States. Because of this, FBI director J. Edgar Hoover told the FBI to train agents with automatic weapons. Examples were the Thompson submachine gun and the BAR. The FBI bought its BARs from Colt. Colt sold 90 BARs to the agency. Some of the FBI's BARs were sent to FBI offices. They were to be used as support weapons if they were needed. The rest were kept at the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia. They were there for training. Colt sold another 11 BARs to the U.S. Treasury Department in 1934. 24 guns were sold to prisons, banks, security companies and police departments.

It has sometimes been said that the M1918 or M1918A2 BAR was used by Symbionese Liberation Army (SLA) members in a shootout with Los Angeles police. This happened on 17 May 1974. However, no SLA members ever used such a weapon. This confusion happened because Browning decided to call its semi-automatic hunting rifle the Browning BAR. The SLA changed a Browning BAR hunting rifle to automatic fire. It was this weapon that was used in the shootout.

When it first came into service, the M1918 was supposed to be fired from the shoulder. It was meant to be a rifle that could give both semi-automatic and fully automatic fire. The M1918 was first given out in September 1918.

As well as being fired from the shoulder, M1918 gunners were given a belt which had pouches on it for the magazines. They were also given a sidearm.

The BAR was not used much during World War I. This was partly because of the Armistice, and also because the U.S. Army did not want the enemy to be able to capture an M1918. 85,000 BARs were built by the war's end.

In between World War I and World War II, the M1918 was given to all U.S. naval landing forces. The weapon could be found on board most U.S. ships. Each BAR had a spare barrel. Big ships often had over 200 BARs on board. Many of the U.S. Navy BARs were still used until the 1960s.

When the threat of a new war rose, U.S. Army Ordnance realized they did not have a squad light machine gun that could be moved around easily. They tried to use the M1918 BAR as a light machine gun when the M1918A2 was brought into service with the U.S. Army on 30 June 1938. The BAR was given as the only automatic gun for a squad of eight soldiers. All men were trained how to use the BAR in case the gunner(s) were killed or injured. At the start of the war, most BAR teams were two or three people. These were a gunner and one or two assistants who carried extra magazines for the gun. By 1944, some units' BAR teams were just one person, with the other people in the squad carrying ammunition.




Río de la Plata

The Río de la Plata (called River Plate in British English) is a river in Argentina. It is an estuary made from the Uruguay River and the Paraná River. These rivers are on the border between Argentina and Uruguay. It is about long.

The Río de la Plata widens from about at the inner part to about at its mouth. Buenos Aires is on its western shore. Montevideo is on its northern shores.

The Río de la Plata is home for the loggerhead sea turtle, green sea turtle, leatherback sea turtle, the rare La Plata dolphin, and many species of fish.

The first naval battle of the Second World War was fought near the River Plata. The Kriegsmarine "pocket battleship" "Admiral Graf Spee" was engaged by the Royal Navy cruisers, , and off the estuary of the River Plate in December 1939. 

The German ship retired up the estuary with a crippled fuel system and put into port at Montevideo. A few days later, rather than fight outgunned against the British, she was scuttled in the estuary. This engagement was part of the early Battle of the Atlantic skirmishes. 


Paraguay River

The Paraguay River is a major river in south central South America. It goes through Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Argentina. It is about long. It starts in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso. It ends when it joins the Paraná River north of Corrientes. The biggest city on the river is Asunción, the capital city of Paraguay, which is located at its meeting with the Putumayo River.

Bermejo River

The Bermejo River is a river in South America. It flows from Bolivia to the Paraguay River in Argentina. 
The river is long. The Bermejo is not able to be travelled on. 

Colorado River (Argentina)

The Colorado River is a river in the south of Argentina. The man-made "Embalse Casa de Piedra" dam is on the river. It starts on the eastern slopes of the Andes. It ends in the Atlantic Ocean just south of Bahía Blanca. 

Templo Libertad

The Templo Libertad is a synagogue in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is the home of the Argentinian Israelite Congregation and the Jewish history museum.

Beth Yaacov Synagogue (Madrid)

The Beth Yaacov Synagogue is a synagogue in Madrid, Spain. It is the main center of the Jewish community of Spain.


Paraná River

The Paraná River is a river in south Central South America. It goes through Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina. It is long. It is second in length only to the Amazon River among South American rivers. The name Paraná is a shortened form of the phrase "para rehe onáva". It is a Tupi word that means "like the sea". 

It starts where the Paranaiba and Grande rivers join in southern Brazil. It joins the Paraguay River and continues south, where it merges with Uruguay River, before flowing into the Atlantic Ocean.

The surubí and the sábalo are fished on the river.

There are many dams along the river. The Yacyretá and Itaipu are used for hydroelectric power.

Pampas

The Pampas are fertile South American lowlands. It is from a Quechua word meaning "plain". It covers more than . That includes parts of Argentina, Uruguay, and the southernmost Brazilian State. The climate is generally subtropical and . There is around 31962920 people in this area, mainly because of the inclusion of the Buenos Aires metropolitan area. 

Some of the wildlife includes the rhea, the pampas deer, several species of armadillos, the pampas fox, the , the , and several other species. Frequent wildfires mean that only small plants such as grasses live, and trees are rare.

Chuck Lorre Productions

Chuck Lorre Productions is a production company mainly used on television series, created by Chuck Lorre.

The logo of Chuck lorre productions is the logo of Chuck Lorre Productions logo and various vanity cards.

Nobuyuki Abe

, also known as Noboyuki Abe, was a general in the Imperial Japanese Army, Governor-General of Korea, and 36th Prime Minister of Japan from August 30, 1939 to January 16, 1940.

Abe was born into an ex-samurai family in Kanazawa city, Ishikawa Prefecture. 

Abe attended Tokyo No.1 Middle School (Tokyo Metropolitan Hibiya High School) followed by No.4 High School. While still a student, he volunteered for military service during the First Sino-Japanese War.

After the war, Abe graduated from the Imperial Japanese Army Academy. He was part of the 19th class of the Army War College. 

Abe became commander of the 3rd Field Artillery Regiment from 1918-1921. In August 1918, his regiment was sent to Siberia during Japan's Siberian Intervention, but was never in combat.

Abe was appointed commander of the 4th Infantry Division on December 22, 1930. 

He later served as instructor in the Army War College followed by chief of the Military Affairs Bureau and as Vice Minister of the Army.

In 1933, Abe was promoted to full general. He was Commander-in-Chief of the Taiwan Army. 

In 1936, he was placed on the reserve list.

Abe Nobuyuki became 36th Prime Minister on August 30, 1939. 

Abe was replaced by Mitsumasa Yonai in January 1940.

Abe joined the House of Peers in 1942.

He was appointed the 10th (and last) Governor-General of Korea in 1944 and 1945.

After World War II, Abe was arrested by the Americans under General Douglas MacArthur. He was not charged with any war crimes and he was soon released.


Femminiello

A femminiello, also spelled femmeniello is an Italian word for a male with feminine nature and behaviour, and part of an old tradition in Neapolitan culture. They are believed to bring luck in gambling and are known to participate in games such as bingo and also some traditional events.



Bourrée

The Bourrée is a quick double time dance of French origins. It is similar to a Gavotte, but has a 1 beat anacruis (upbeat), where the gavotte has a 2 beat anacrusis.

It often has a rhythm with a strong beat followed by two weaker ones. For example, an accented crochet followed by two quavers. This is called dactylic.

North London Collegiate School

North London Collegiate School is an independent school for girls between the ages of 4-18. It is located in Harrow, London. It was established by Frances Mary Buss in 1850. Frances Mary Buss originally opened the school in her own home in Camden Town, London. It later moved to Canons, Edgware in the 1930s. It is thought to be the first girls' school in the United Kingdom, and the first to give girls the same chances to learn things as boys were given.
Girls travel from all over London to attend the school. Famous women who were pupils there include Anna Wintour, Susie Orbach, and Rachel Weisz.

In September 2011 NLCS opened a new school in Jeju, South Korea. NLCS Jeju is a mixed school. 

Jacques Villiers

Jacques Villiers, (26 August 1924 – 13 March 2012) is a French aerospace engineer and public servant. He is the founder of the "Centre d'études de la navigation aérienne" (French air navigation center) and co-founder of the CAUTRA system, the computer system of the French air traffic management.

In the words of Michel Wachenheim: "We can consider Jacques Villiers as one of the main
founders of "the French school of air navigation" with everything
it has scientific expertise, know-how
technological and operational experience. He quickly understood
that France could and should play a leading role in this
sector, because of its aviation history, its ability to
train highly qualified specialists, but also its global ambitions
and European geography. He retained confident until the end that we could provide leadership in technical
international level, I am reminded of conversations with him on this
subject. The best tribute to him is certainly to continue
in this way."


Entity–relationship model

In software engineering, an entity–relationship model is a conceptual model of data. Very often, the term is shortened to ER model. ER models are used to create relational databases. They show how the different parts of a data model interact with each other.

Peter Chen proposed to use this modelling approach in an article he wrote in 1976. Chen was not the first to have this idea. After the publication of the article, the idea was modified as well.

In an ER model, there are three different types of objects:
Since the database must be able to find an entity or a relationship, it must be able to identify it with a set of attributes that is unique. This set of attributes is usually called "primary key".
After all the relations have been mapped, they are usually also revised to include cardinalities; a cardinality specifies the number of entities related in a relationship. This information is needed when the database is created. Depending on cardinality and the level of database normalisation, it may be necessary to introduce additional entities and relationships. 
When everything has been described, it is easy to create a relational database, as follows:

An ER model describes the relations between entities. It is adapted to represent relational data. Data that cannot easily be put into this form should not be modelled with an ER model. ER is aimed at designing a database from scratch; using it to describe and change a database that already exists may be more difficult to do.

Even where it is suitable in principle, ER modeling is rarely used as a separate activity.
One reason for this is that there are many tools that allow diagramming and that have other design support directly on relational database management systems.
These tools can extract database diagrams that are very close to ER diagrams from existing databases, and they provide alternative views on the information contained in such diagrams.

In a survey, Brodie and Liu could not find a single instance of entity–relationship modeling inside a sample of ten Fortune 100 companies. Badia and Lemire blame this lack of use on the lack of guidance but also on the lack of benefits, such as lack of support for data integration.

Andrew Wiles

Sir Andrew John Wiles, KBE, FRS (born Cambridge, 11 April 1953) is an Abel Prize-winning British mathematician and a Royal Society Research Professor at Oxford University. He specializes in number theory. He is most famous for proving Fermat's Last Theorem. He is a foreign member of the United States National Academy of Sciences since 1996. 

In the summer of 1986, Wiles decided to prove the theorem. Gerhard Frey, Jean-Pierre Serre and Ken Ribet had done successful research in the last few years. Wiles realised that he could prove a limited form of the modularity theorem. So, he decided to solve this problem. This was done somewhat secretly. In 1993, he presented his proof to the public for the first time at a conference in Cambridge. In August 1993, however, it turned out that the proof contained a gap. Wiles tried to fill in this gap. But the error he made was a very basic one. Wiles got the crucial idea for avoiding, rather than closing this gap. This came to him on 19 September 1994. Together with his former student Richard Taylor, he published a second paper. This avoided the error and thus completed the proof. Both papers were published in 1995 in a special volume of the "Annals of Mathematics".

Wiles' proof of Fermat's Last Theorem was scrutinized by mathematical experts. Wiles was interviewed for an episode of the BBC documentary series "Horizon" that focused on Fermat's Last Theorem. This was renamed "The Proof". It was made an episode of the Public Broadcasting Service's science television series "Nova".

Richard Taylor (mathematician)

Richard Lawrence Taylor (born 19 May 1962) is a British mathematician. He works in number theory. He was a former research student of Andrew Wiles. He returned to Princeton to help Wiles complete the proof of Fermat's last theorem.

Taylor received the 2007 Shaw Prize in Mathematical Sciences. This for his work on the Langlands program. He did this work with Robert Langlands.

Taylor received his B.A. from Clare College, Cambridge. He received his Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1988. From 1995 to 1996 he held the Savilian Chair of Geometry at Oxford University. He was also a Fellow of New College, Oxford. Currently, he is the Herchel Smith Professor of Mathematics at Harvard University.

He received the Whitehead Prize in 1990, the Fermat Prize and the Ostrowski Prize in 2001. He also got the Cole Prize of the American Mathematical Society in 2002, and the Shaw Prize for Mathematics in 2007. He was also elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1995.

There are two papers which have the complete proof of Fermat's Last Theorem. One of them was written by Taylor with Andrew Wiles.

In his later work, Taylor (along with Michael Harris) proved the local Langlands conjectures. A simpler proof was suggested almost at the same time by Guy Henniart.

Later, together with Christophe Breuil, Brian Conrad, and Fred Diamond, he completed proving the Taniyama–Shimura conjecture, by performing very difficult computations. 

Recently, Taylor, following the ideas of Michael Harris, developed on his work with Laurent Clozel, Michael Harris, and Nick Shepherd-Barron. He has announced that he proved the Sato–Tate conjecture, for elliptic curves with non-integral j-invariant. This partial proof of the Sato–Tate conjecture uses a theorem of Wiles.

Taylor is married to Christine Taylor . She is a mathematical biologist. They have two children: Jeremy and Chloe. He is also the son of British physicist, John C. Taylor.

Yi Bok-nam

Yi Bok-nam (; born June 28, 1555 in Gangneung - died August 16, 1597 in Namwon) was an army general and politician of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea. He was one of Korea's generals in the Imjin War.


Algebraic equation

In mathematics, an algebraic equation, also called polynomial equation over a given field is an equation of the form
where "P" and "Q" are polynomials over that field, and have one (univariate) or more than one (multivariate) variables. For example:
is an algebraic equation over the rational numbers.

Two equations are called equivalent if they have the same set of solutions. This means that all solutions of the second equation must also be solutions of the first one and vice versa. The equation formula_1 is equivalent with formula_4. So the study of algebraic equations is equivalent to the study of polynomials.

If an algebraic equation is over the rationals, it can always be converted to an equivalent one, where all the coefficients are integers. For example, in the equation given above, we multiply by 42 = 2·3·7 and group the terms in the first member. The equation is converted to

The solutions of an equation are the values of the variables for which the equation is true. But for algebraic equations there are also called roots. When solving an equation, we need to say in which set the solutions are allowed. For example, for an equation over the rationals, one can find solutions in the integers. Then, the equation is a diophantine equation. One may also look for solutions in the field of complex numbers. One can also look for solutions in real numbers.

Ancient mathematicians wanted the solutions of univariate equations (that is, equations with one variable) in the form of radical expressions, like formula_6 for the positive solution of formula_7. The ancient Egyptians knew how to solve equations of degree 2 (that is equations in which the highest power of the variable is 2) in this manner. During the Renaissance, Gerolamo Cardano solved the equation of degree 3 and Lodovico Ferrari solved the equation of degree 4. Finally Niels Henrik Abel proved in 1824 that the equation of degree 5 and the equations of higher degree cannot always be solved by using radicals. Galois theory, named after Évariste Galois, were introduced to give criteria deciding if an equation is solvable using radicals.

Algebraic solution

An algebraic solution is an algebraic expression which is the solution of an algebraic equation in terms of the coefficients of the variables. It is found only by addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and the extraction of roots (square roots, cube roots, etc.).

The most well-known example is the solution of the general quadratic equation.

(where "a" ≠ 0).

There is a more complicated solution for the general cubic equation and quartic equation. The Abel-Ruffini theorem states that the general quintic equation does not have an algebraic solution. This means that the general polynomial equation of degree "n", for "n" ≥ 5, cannot be solved by using algebra. However, under certain conditions, we can get algebraic solutions; for example, the equation formula_3 can be solved as formula_4

Sylvie Faucheux

Sylvie Faucheux (born 29 May 1960 in the 20th arrondissement of Paris) is a French professor and politician. She specialized in the fields of economy of the natural environment and sustainable development. She was President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" from 2002 till the 12 April 2012.

Faucheux graduated from the Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne University which she founded in 1995. She managed the Center for economics and ethics environment and sustainable development, which, in 2002, became a joint research unit between UVSQ and the "Institut de recherche pour le développement" (IRD) (Institute of Development Research).

Faucheux is a politician as well as an educator. She was a SP candidate at the parliamentary elections for the first district of Yvelines in June 2007.

In December 2002, she was named President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines". She was president until 12 April 2012, when Jean-Luc Vayssière was made president. She is the current head of "Université du grand ouest parisien". Faucheux is a member of the Board of Research and Higher Education in France. She has been a member since 2002. She is responsible for the working group on sustainable development.

Sylvie Faucheux is Chevalier of the "Ordre des Palmes Académiques" (14 July 2004 promotion), Chevalier of the "Ordre national du Mérite" (14 November 2005 Decret), Chevalier of the Legion of Honour and owner of the "Marianne d'Or" 2009 for her actions in favor of the sustainable development.


Derivative (finance)

In finance, a derivative is a special type of contract. In it, the two parties agree to sell (or to buy) certain goods, at a given price, on a given date. Derivatives can be used in two ways. The first is called speculation: One party hopes that the "market price" differs from the "price agreed upon in the contract", so that they can make the difference between the two. The second is called hedging: One party wants to make sure that the market price doesn't go in a direction that would hurt their profits, so they make sure that the price is agreed upon a long time before the transaction takes place. For a seller, hedging means that they can be certain to receive the agreed upon price, and for the buyer, hedging means that they can be certain not to pay more than the agreed upon price. From a moral point of view, speculation is considered a negative activity.

One of the oldest derivatives is rice futures, which have been traded on the Dojima Rice Exchange since the eighteenth century.

Derivatives can take many forms, but some of the most common types are Futures, Contracts for Difference and Options. They can also be structured on a range of different assets including Forex, Equities, Commodities, and interest rates.

The Walking Dead (comics)

The Walking Dead is a monthly comic book series. It tells the story of the travels of Rick Grimes, his family, and other survivors of a zombie apocalypse.

The series was first published in 2003 by Image Comics. It was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore. Moore was replaced by Charlie Adlard from issue #7 forward. Moore still did the art for the covers up to issue #24.)

"The Walking Dead" won the 2010 Eisner Award for "Best Continuing Series" at San Diego Comic-Con International. A television series, "The Walking Dead" was created based on the comic. It was first broadcast on AMC in 2010. The series has been translated into languages such as Portuguese and Spanish.

Rick Grimes was a Atlanta police officer. After being shot by criminals, he wakes from a coma in the hospital to see that his town is overrun with walking dead people. He goes to Atlanta, Georgia to look for his wife and son. Rick finds them in a small camp near the city. The group is being led by Shane. Shane was Rick's partner as a police officer. He helped Lori and Carl get to Atlanta.

After a zombie attack on the camp that caused people to be killed, Rick criticizes Shane. Shane pulls his gun on Rick, but is shot and killed by Rick’s 7-year-old son Carl. Rick, as the new leader of the group, decides the survivors need to find a better place to live.

Rick’s early tries to find a place to live end very badly. A mother is killed after the survivors go into a neighborhood full of zombies. A farmer, Hershel, lets the group stay on his land. They stay there until zombies break free from his barn and kill several members of his family. Things get better when the group finds prison with fences to keep out the zombies.

Rick send a message back to Hershel and his family to come join them at the prison. Rick’s group and four prisoners do what they can to make the prison safe from the zombies. One of the prisoners kills Hershel’s two youngest daughters. Rick kills another of the prisoners when they try to take control of the prison from his group. Because of many problems Rick chooses to not be the group’s leader. He is replaced by a committee.

Rick and two friends, Glenn and Michonne, leave the prison when they see a helicopter crash close to the prison. They find the town of Woodbury. It is a survivor town controlled by an insane tyrant called the Governor. When Rick and his group won't tell him where they came from, the Governor locks them up. He cuts off Rick's right hand and rapes Michonne many times. The Governor lets the three escape. He hopes they can be followed back to where they came from. Before leaving, Michonne attacks the Governor. She tortures him and causes much damage to his body.

The group at the prison get ready for an attack by the people from Woodbury. As time passes and there is no attack for weeks, they start to feel safe. Lori, Rick’s wife, gives birth. Glenn marries his girlfriend Maggie. The two of them “adopt” Sophia, a girl in the group whose mother died. Rick and Hershel are out in the yard looking at their vegetable garden when the Governor and a small army comes to the prison fence.

The group from Woodbury have better weapons and more people but Rick's group kills many of them and they move back away from the prison. Glenn and Maggie think they will attack again. They take Sophia and leave the prison with another family. Michonne and Tyreese are caught while trying to attack Woodbury. Michonne escapes but the Governor kills Tyreese outside the prison gate. He then begins a second attack on the prison.

The Governor’s forces use a tank to break down the fence. Many people in Rick's group are killed in the fighting. These include Hershel, Lori and the baby. Rick and Carl escape from the battle. Zombies move in through the broken fence. They begin to attack the Woodbury forces. One of the Woodbury soldiers shoots the Governor in the head. The people of Woodbury fight on, but there are too many zombies.

Rick and Carl find Michonne and those who left the prison earlier. They soon find three people who are traveling to Washington, D.C. One of them, Eugene, says he is a government scientist. He tells them he is in radio contact with survivors in the capital.

Maggie tries to kill herself after the death of her family. Rick and Abraham go out looking for supplies. Abraham is a U.S. Army sergeant who is traveling with Eugene. The two become friends when they tell each other about the killings they have had to do to survive.

The group’s oldest member, Dale, is bitten by a zombie. He leaves the group in the dark to go into the forest so he can die alone. He is captured by a group of cannibals. They eat his leg before he dies. Rick and the other adults find and kill the cannibals. A reverend is the only person among them who think they way they killed the cannibals was bad.

When they get near Washington, Eugene tells the group that he was actually a high school science teacher and has no contact with the government. Washington is full of zombies like other cities. A man comes to the group and tells them about a peaceful walled-off town of about 40 people. It is called the Alexandria Safe Zone. He takes them to this town.

Rick is worried that the Alexandrians have forgotten how dangerous the world is. He slowly starts to not follow their rules. As town constable, he secretly carries a gun and disobeys Alexandria's leader, Douglas, to stop a domestic dispute. After the newcomers help stop an attack on Alexandria by other survivors, Douglas sees that Rick is a better leader and steps down.

The gunfire during the attack causes a herd of zombies to move toward the town. They break through Alexandria’s wall and begin to kill people. The people hide in their houses while zombies fill the town. Rick, Carl and Alexandria resident Jessie try to escape the town. Jessie is killed by the walkers.

When Rick and Carl are surrounded by zombies, Douglas tries to help them. He accidentally shoots Carl in the eye before being killed. Rick carries Carl to Alexandria’s surgeon. He then goes back outside. Rick, Michonne and other residents destroy the entire herd. This shows Rick that zombies can be dealt with. He decides to rebuild civilization at Alexandria.

Carl wakes from a coma but he does not remember everything that has happened over the past few years.

Rick stops a small rebellion in Alexandria but forgives the rebels.

Andrea tells Rick that she loves him. He does not love her back.

A man named Paul soon comes to the town. He says he is from a nearby community of about 200 people. Paul wants to trade supplies with Alexandria. He tells them that he already does so with several other survivor groups in the area. Rick thinks this may be a trap and captures Paul. He gets Alexandria ready to defend against an attack. Rick soon changes his mind and decides to trade with Paul's group. He tells Andrea that Carl is in the house and asks her to watch him while he is gone. Rick then leaves with Paul and several other to go to Paul's group.


The series is very well liked by critics. It won the Eisner Award for "Best Continuing Series" in 2010. Eric Sunde of IGN comics called it "one of the best monthly comics available". Max Brooks told Kirkman that he read "The Walking Dead" and liked it.

IGN ranked Rick Grimes as the 26th Greatest Comic Book Hero of All Time in 2011. They said that Kirkman "has an endless supply of [wringers] to run Rick through." IGN ranked Michonne as the 86th Greatest Comic Book Hero of All Time the same year. It ranked the Governor as the 86th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time in 2009. They said that he was "a sadistic evil that "The Road Warrior" forgot." "Wizard" magazine ranked The Governor as the 131st greatest comic book character of all time.

AMC picked up the rights to make a series based on the comic in 2009. It ordered a pilot episode on January 21, 2010. Filming for the series started on May 15, 2010. The series premiered on October 31, 2010. It had very high ratings. On November 8, 2010, after broadcasting two episodes, AMC wanted a second season of "The Walking Dead". This season would have 13 episodes. The second season began on October 16, 2011. Frank Darabont wrote, directed and served as an executive producer until July 25th, 2011. Kirkman and Charles H. Eglee are currently writers and executive producers.

AMC released an animated movie of the first part of Issue #1 of the comic. It was animated by Juice Films. The voices were done by Phil LaMarr and art by Tony Moore.

On February 18, 2011, Telltale Games said they planned to make a video game based on the series. It was scheduled for the fall of 2011, but was not released until April 24th 2012. Kirkman has said that, unlike most zombie games such as "Left 4 Dead", it will focus more on characterization and emotion than action.

The series has so far been collected into the following collections:
The trade paperbacks have six issues in each. They have only the story and no cover art. Each paperback has a three-word title.

All hardcovers have the contents of the comics with the covers. Some have extra material. They are larger than the paperbacks. Each hardcover has two story arcs from the series. Signed versions of the books are available, each limited to 310 pieces.

Limited omnibus editions have 24 issues in a slipcase with several extras. The first volume is signed by Kirkman and Adlard. There are 300 of this edition. Later volumes were released with 3000 pieces each. There is also a deluxe limited edition (signed by Kirkman/Adlard) with 300 pieces available.
These are 48-issue softcover editions. The large books have over a thousand pages. They have no cover art. Compendium One was also released as a limited edition hardcover in 2012 at the Emerald City Comicon and San Diego Comicon with 1000 pieces available.

Mickey

"Mickey" is a song by US singer Toni Basil. It was a top 5 hit when it was released in 1982. It is was covered in 1999 by Lolly, who also had a top 5 hit with the song. The top 10 2005 hit by Gwen Stefani - "Hollaback Girl" and 2012 top 40 hit by Madonna ft Nicki Minaj & MIA - "Give Me All Your Luvin'" also had musical influences from this song, Toni Basil's version was released by Radialchoice and Lolly's version was released by Polydor.
Contrary to popular belief, the song does <nowiki>"not"</nowiki> refer to Mickey Mouse

Hollaback Girl

"Hollaback Girl" is the third single off American singer Gwen Stefani's first solo studio album "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." The song was released on February 8, 2005. the son g priemre dht epromotional single in 2004
While writing the song, Stefani and Pharrell Williams discussed about writing a song on her intentions for pursuing a solo career. Stefani then said that the album was missing an "attitude song", and she remembered a negative comment that musician Courtney Love had said about her in an interview with magazine "Seventeen". 

Stefani then responded to Love's comment in the March 2005 issue of the NME:

On the "Billboard" charts, "Hollaback Girl" was able to peak at #1 on Hot 100, #1 on the Pop 100, #8 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #15 on the Hot Dance Club Play, and #18 on the Adult Pop Songs charts. In 2006, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award in the categories of Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and Record of the Year.

The music video for "Hollaback Girl" was directed by Paul Hunter and filmed in January 2005. the Van Nuys and Reseda neighborhoods of Los Angeles, California. It opens with a scene of Stefani taking a picture of her four Harajuku Girls, when a crowd of students appears. Stefani and the Harajuku Girls then drive down Sherman Way past Magnolia Science Academy to Birmingham High School in a 1961 Chevrolet Impala, accompanied by the crowd. Stefani and the group cause a commotion when they disrupt a football game by walking onto the field and when they go to a 99 Cents Only Store and throw cereal and other food products down an aisle. Throughout the video, there are intercut sequences of choreographed dancing filmed in a sound stage, intended to represent Stefani's imagination. Stefani and the Harajuku Girls are outfitted in cheerleading uniforms, accompanied by several Californian spirit groups: the Orange Crush All Stars, a cheerleading squad from Orange County; a marching band from Fountain Valley High School in Fountain Valley; a pep flag team named the Carson High School Flaggies from Carson; and a drill team from Stephen M. White Middle School in Carson. To visualize the song's bridge, the Harajuku Girls spell the word "bananas" with cue cards. The video ends with a close-up frame of Stefani with her arms in the air.

The Chevy Impala convertible from the video includes a painting by artist J. Martin.The design includes Stefani as seen on the album cover of Love. Angel. Music. Baby. with the words "Hollaback Girl" in calligraphy. The car was, eventually, sold on eBay. Pharrell, one of the song's co-producers, makes a cameo appearance. The complete version of "Hollaback Girl" featured in the music video was released commercially through CD singles and digital downloads. Some include remixes by Diplo and former No Doubt bandmate Tony Kanal.


Jeff Daniels

Jeffrey Warren Daniels (born February 19, 1955) is an American actor. He was born in Athens, Georgia. He grew up in Chelsea, Michigan.

Daniels starred in "Something Wild", "Terms of Endearment", "Arachnophobia" and "Dumb and Dumber". He won an Emmy Award in 2013.


Joe Pesci

Joseph Frank "Joe" Pesci (born February 9, 1943) is an American character actor. He was born in Newark, New Jersey and is of Italian descent. He was raised in Belleville, New Jersey. 




Naoto Ohshima

After he left Sonic Team, he created his own game company called Artoon. Since then, he left from the position of president in the company and was replaced by Yutaka Sugano. From there he went on to work on games like "Pinobee" and "", and in 2004, the sequel to "Blinx", "Blinx 2: Masters of Time & Space". In 2010, Artoon was turned into AQ Interactive. In 2010, he and other main members of Artoon left to create Arzest. He was given a "Special Thanks in the game Sonic Generations. 

Dennis Franz

Dennis Franz (born October 1944) is an American television and movie actor. His movies include "Die Hard 2". He has starred in many television series, including "NYPD Blue".

List of cities in New York (state)

This is a list of cities in the American state of New York:

Rafinha

Márcio Rafael Ferreira de Souza (born 7 September 1985) more commonly known as Rafinha is Brazilian footballer. He plays for Flamengo in the Bundesliga.

Rafinha was born in Londrina, Brazil on 7 September, 1985. At the age of 7, he joined his local futsal team, Gremio Londrinense. In 2001, when he was 16, he moved to Coritiba. He also joined the Brazilian under-20 national football team. He was then signed by FC Schalke 04 on a four-year contact for what is widely believed to be a transfer fee of €5 million

In August of 2010, Rafinha signed with Genoa. One year later, he signed with Bayern Munich on a three-year contract for €5.5 million. He has made 31 appearances for Bayern Munich up-to-date.

Rafinha has been called up to the senior Brazil squad once and has made a combined total of 16 appearances in the Under-20 and Under-23 sides.

Second moment of area

The moment of force (also called the first moment of force) about any point is the product of the force and perpendicular distance between them. If this first moment is again multiplied by the perpendicular distance between them, the product so obtained is called the second moment of force or moment of moment of the force.

If instead of force, the area of the figure or mass of the body is considered, it is called the second moment of area or second moment of mass. They are also termed broadly as moments of inertia.

There is no physical significance for moment of inertia. It is just a mathematical expression usually denoted by formula_1


Jean-Luc Vayssière

Jean-Luc Vayssière, born in 1956, is a French professor, specializing in genetics and cell biology. He was President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" from the 12th of April 2012 until April 2016.

Jean is also a graduate from the Paris Diderot University in molecular biology, he started his career as assistant at the "Collège de France" in the year 1990. In 1994, he became lecturer at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines". In 2001, he was appointed as the head of training at the "École pratique des hautes études" before entering in 2006 as teacher at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines". Alongside his teaching activities, he is a researcher at the Laboratory of Genetics and Cell Biology, responsible of the "stress and cell death" team.
The 12th of April 2012, he is elected President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines", succeeding Sylvie Faucheux. He is replaced by Dider Guillemot in May 2016.

Denying the correlative

Denying the correlative is a mistake in logic where a person tries to create a third possibility where there are only two. It is based on the concept of correlative conjunctions, pairs of statements where one statement must be true and the other must be false. For example 1. Ginger is a cat. 2. Ginger is not a cat. If a person claims that Ginger is something else than a cat or not a cat, then he is making a logically impossible claim, and denying the correlative. It is the opposite of the false dilemma, which tries to reduce options to only two. Another is if a person were asked if he killed someone and said, "I fought with him". That does not answer the question.

William Smith O'Brien

William Smith O'Brien (; 17 October 1803 – 18 June 1864) was an Irish politician. At one point he was a member of the British Parliament. Later on he was a nationalist and leader of the Young Ireland movement and led a rebellion against British rule in the 1840s during the Potato Famine. He was convicted of treason, a felony, and could have been executed, but he was exiled to Van Diemen's Land instead. In 1856, he was pardoned and allowed to return.

False dilemma

False dilemma, also called the either-or fallacy, us vs. them fallacy, black-or-white fallacy, false dichotomy, or the fallacy of false choice, is a mistake in logic that allows only two possibilities when more than two exist.

For example, there is "either-or fallacy" in saying that an apple must be green or red. The premise is that the apple is either one color or another; but this beginning is a mistake because some apples—not most—are other colors. In other words, most apples are red or green, but some are also yellow.

A "fallacy of false choice" may hide a deliberate attempt to eliminate agreement on an issue. Eldridge Cleaver used this tactic when he said: "You're either part of the solution or part of the problem."

A false dilemma may also be used for comedic effect. Stephen Colbert used this tactic when he asked guests on The Colbert Report: "George Bush... great president or the greatest president?"


 

Countess Dracula

Countess Dracula is a 1971 Hammer horror movie. It is based on Countess Elisabeth Bathory-Nadasdy and her alleged crimes in late 16th and early 17th century Hungary. In it she kills young women to look young again by bathing in their blood. Countess Nadasdy is played by Ingrid Pitt in the movie. Other characters include her lover and henchman Captain Dobi, Captain Imre Toth a soldier for her late husband who she tries to seduce by pretending to be her daughter, and Fabio, her court historian who begins to suspect her and Dobi.

Pitt became a kind of cult icon for her role in this movie.

John Mitchel

John Mitchel (; 3 November 1815 – 20 March 1875) was an Irish nationalist leader who helped lead a rebellion against British rule in the island in 1848. He was born in Camnish, near Dungiven, County Londonderry. His "Jail Journal" is one of the most famous works in Irish nationalism.

Phytoremediation

Phytoremediation is fixing environmental problems through the use of plants.
A type of this is "phytomining", which is a method of extraction. Some plants absorb copper compounds through their roots. They concentrate these compounds as a result of this. The plants can be burned to produce an ash that contains the copper compounds.

Wanderlust

Wanderlust is a 2012 American comedy movie starring Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston. It is about a Manhattan couple who move to a commune in Georgia. It was released in early 2012.

Indian Navy

The Indian Navy is the naval part of the Indian Armed Forces.

In 2010, the Indian Navy had 58,350 personnel, around 170 ships and 180 aircraft. It is the world's fourth largest navy in terms of personnel.

Currently, the Indian Navy has one aircraft carrier. Two more are being built and will enter service by 2012 and 2015.

The carrier that the Indian Navy currently uses is called INS "Viraat". INS "Viraat" was bought by India from the United Kingdom in 1986.

Jean Peyrelevade

Jean Peyrelevade (born 24 October 1939 in Marseille), is a French civil servant, politician and business leader.

He always presented himself as a man of center-left.

Appointed in 1981 deputy chief of staff of Pierre Mauroy and economic advisor of Prime Minister, he manages nationalization, while professing his skepticism about their interest.

Long time economics teacher at the "École Polytechnique", he has written books about the evolution of contemporary capitalism, including "Le capitalism total" published through the think tank of "La République des idées" in 2005. Denouncing in this book an extreme form of capitalism, he proposes to ban stock options as part of executive compensation to avoid conflicts of interest and offer better dividends to existing shareholders to limit the round- speculative return.

He argues Francois Bayrou at the French presidential election of 2007, and joined his campaign team, particularly to address the economic program. In 2008, at the municipal elections, he led the MoDem list in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, which collects 8.64% of votes in the first round, ranking fourth. Only elected on its list, he is borough councilor. June 13, 2008, he was appointed vice president of the MoDem for economic issues. He resigned from the board of the 16th arrondissement of Paris the 6th of January 2009 and of all his functions within the MoDem at the same time. He no longer has any ties partisan but an active participant of "Terra Nova (think tank)", the think tank of the left.

In an opinion published in "Le Figaro", he advocated a separation between bank deposit and investment bank to regulate the financial system to prevent another financial crisis. He said the bank is a real public service, which must be managed as such.

On 7 September 2011, he says support the candidacy of François Hollande to the French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2011. During summer schools of MoDem the 17th of September 2011 and during radio interviews, Jean Peyrelevade said he would vote for Manuel Valls in the first round and - probably - for Francois Hollande in the second round. Jean Peyrelevade recognizes to Manuel Valls the quality of being politically incorrect when he speaks about "35 hours" as a major error on which we must return. On January 5, 2012, he states that he changed his mind "Bayrou's speech is more consistent, clearer". He is a member of the campaign strategy of François Bayrou and says that we need a period of wage moderation to revive French competitiveness.



Sukhoi Su-30MKI

The Sukhoi Su-30MKI(NATO reporting name: Flanker-H) is a fighter plane made by Sukhoi and HAL for the Indian Air Force. It is a version of the Su-30. It first flew in 2000 and entered service in 2002. It is one of the heaviest fighters in the world and can fly very far.

The Indian Air Force plans to have 272 of these planes by 2020. They will form the backbone of Indian Air Force from then.

It is considered a 4++ generation fighter plane and has similar features to the Sukhoi Su-35.

Hindustan Aeronautics Limited

The Hindustan Aeronautics Limited is an aerospace company of India. Its headquarters are in Bangalore. It is one of Asia's major aerospace companies.

It is managed by the Ministry of Defence of the Indian Government. It builds and modifies military and civil aircraft. In addition, it is also involved in maintaining airports.

200 BC

Year 200 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 

<onlyinclude>







</onlyinclude>




101 BC

Year 101 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


Amado Boudou

Amado Boudou (born November 19, 1963) is an Argentine businessman. He was the 35th Vice President of Argentina from December 2011 through December 2015. Before he was Minister of the Economy from 2009 to 2011. 

In 2012 he was accused of influence peddling and money laundering. He was sentenced to five years and ten months in prison, and banned for life from holding public office.

Russian Air Force

The Russian Air Force is the air wing of the Russian Military. It is the world's second largest air force after the United States Air Force. It is also the only air force other than the United States Air Force who use modern strategic bombers. The Russian Navy also has its own Naval Aviation force.

During the Cold War, the Soviet Air Force (and Air Defense Force) were as big as the United States Air Force. However, after the collapse of Soviet Union, the Russian Air Force was made much smaller because Russia did not have enough money to keep everything. However, spending on the Russian Air Force increased in the early 21st century.

Ricardo Lorenzetti

Ricardo Luis Lorenzetti (born 19 September 1955) is a member of the Supreme Court of Justice of Argentina. He was elected President of the high court by his peers on November 7, 2006.

Lorenzetti was born in Rafaela, Santa Fe Province. He is the son of a primary school teacher and a travelling salesman. He went to school at the National University of the Littoral. He became a lawyer in 1978. 

Alessandro Manzoni

Alessandro Manzoni (Milan 7 March 1785 – Milan 22 May 1873) was an Italian writer and poet. His most famous book is "The Betrothed", a novel that is a symbol of the Risorgimento, both for its patriotic message and because it was a fundamental milestone in the development of the modern Italian language.


Football in Argentina

Football (or soccer in the U.S) is the most popular sport in Argentina. According to FIFA there are 2,658,811 players total; with 3,377 clubs and 37,161 officials. It is played from childhood into old age. 90% of Argentines say they have a favorite Argentine football club.

Football started in Argentina at the end of the 19th century. It was started by the British immigrants in Buenos Aires. The first Argentine league began in 1891. This makes it the third oldest league (after Great Britain and the Netherlands). The Argentine Football Association (AFA) was formed in 1893. It is the eighth oldest in the world.

The Argentin national team has won the football World Cup. They won in 1978 and 1986. They were runner-up in 1930 and 1990. They have also won the top continental tournament, the Copa América, fourteen times. The Argentina Olympic football team has won two Gold Medals. At club level, Argentine teams have won the most Intercontinental Cups (9) and the most Copa Libertadores (22).

Women's football has a national league since 1991. It is named the Campeonato de Fútbol Feminino. The female national representative qualified for the World Cup for the first time in 2007.

In futsal, Argentina were FIFUSA/AMF Futsal World Cup champions in 1994. They also compete in the FIFA code of futsal, where they finished third in the 2004 FIFA Futsal World Cup. The team also won the FIFA Futsal Copa América in 2003. Argentina was world champion in futsal for the visually impaired in 1998.

Argentina also compete in the beach football World Cup. Their best finish was third in 2001.

Pato

Pato is a game played on horseback. It adds ideas from polo and basketball. It is the national sport of Argentina.

" is Spanish for "duck". The early games used a live duck inside a basket instead of a ball. Pato has been written about since 1610. The playing field would often go between neighboring ranches. The first team to reach its own ranch house with the duck was the winner.

Pato was banned several times during its history. This was due to the violence—not only to the duck; many gauchos were trampled underfoot. Some lost their lives in knife fights started in the heat of the game. In 1796, a Catholic priest said that pato players who died this way should not get Christian burial. Laws saying people could not play pato were common in the 19th century.

During the 1930s, pato had rules added by ranch owner Alberto del Castillo Posse. He made a set of rules based on modern polo. President Juan Perón made pato Argentina's national game in 1953.

In modern pato, two four-member teams ride on horses. They try to get a ball which has six handles. They score by throwing the ball through a ring that is vertical. The rings have a 100 cm (3.3 ft) diameter. They are on 240 cm (7.9 ft) high poles. A closed net, going up for 140 cm (4.6 ft), holds the ball after goals are scored.

The winner is the team with most goals scored after the time is done. Game time is six 8-minute "periods".

The field is: length 180 to 220 m (196.9 to 240.6 yd), width 80 to 90 m (87 to 98 yd). The ball is made of leather, with an inflated rubber chamber and six leather handles. Its diameter is 40 cm (15.7 in) handle-to-handle. The weight is 1050 to 1250 g (2.3 to 2.8 lbs).

The player that has control of the ' (i.e. holds the ball by a handle) must ride with his right arm outstretched. He offers the pato so rival players have a chance of tugging the pato and stealing it. Not holding his arm out while riding with the pato is an offense called ' (refusal).

During the tug itself, or ", both players must stand on the stirrups and not sit on the saddle. The hand not tugging must hold the reins. The tug is usually the most exciting part of the game.

Pato is similar to the game of horseball played in France, Portugal, and other countries.

National Congress of Argentina

The Congress of the Argentine Nation is the legislative branch of the government of Argentina. It has two parts. There is a 72-seat Senate and a 257-seat Chamber of Deputies.

The Congress is in charge of setting taxes and customs. These must be the same across the country. It rules the Central Bank of Argentina, manages internal and external debt payment, and the value of national currency (currently the Argentine peso).

New Plymouth

New Plymouth is the major city of the Taranaki Region on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand. It is named after Plymouth, Devon, England. This district includes New Plymouth City and a few smaller towns. The district has 1.7 percent of the country's people.

New Plymouth Airport is the 11th busiest airport in New Zealand, with regular flights to Wellington, Auckland and Christchurch.

In 1828, Richard Barrett set up a trading post at Ngamotu after he arrived on the ship "Adventure". Barrett dealt with the local Māori and bought land from them.

The British tried to occupy the area during the early 1840s. But when they arrived, they found an area with few Māori - remaining survivors of a number of inter-tribal wars. At first, land was easily bought but then as time went on, it became more difficult and Europeans wanted more and more of Maori farmland, as Maoris were returning to the area and did not want to sell the land. War finally started in 1860 and lasted for nearly 10 years, resulting in land confiscations by the British government.

The area is known for its dairy farms and its location. It is very close to both sea and mountain, with Mount Taranaki just south of the city. The volcanic cone of Mt Taranaki gives a view of the coastline. Taranaki, which is 2518 metres high, is one of the most climbed mountains in New Zealand. It is one of the places in New Zealand that attracts the most rainfall and the mountain has created a unique environment perfect for plants, alpine herb fields, and native and tropical forest. This attracts many bird species that can be observed in the National Park and surrounding areas.

Argentine Senate

The Argentine Senate is the upper house of the Argentine National Congress. It has 72 senators. There are three for each province and three for Buenos Aires. There used to be 2 senators from each province. That was changed in 1994.

Senators are elected by direct election on a provincial basis. The party with the most votes is given two of the province's senate seats. The second-place party gets the third seat. Currently one-third of the members are elected every two years to a six-year term. In other words, one-third of the provinces hold senate elections every two years.

According to Section 55 of the Argentine Constitution, candidates for the Argentine Senate must 
Current leadership positions include:

Argentine Chamber of Deputies

The Chamber of Deputies (), officially the Honorable Chamber of Deputies of the Argentine Nation is the lower house of the Argentine National Congress. This Chamber is the only one to levy taxes; to draft troops; and to call the President, cabinet ministers, and members of the Supreme Court before the Senate. There are 257 seats. One-half of the members are elected every two years.

Members must be at least twenty-five years old. They must have been a resident of the province they represent for at least four years.

Each province has one deputy per 161,000 people. Then each province gets 3 more deputies. The minimum number of deputies is five.

Liberty X

Liberty X are a British vocal pop-R&B group. The band was formed in London in 2001 from contestants in the first series of "Popstars". The band split in 2007. They reformed in 2012.

The quintet's members are: Michelle Heaton (born 1980), Tony Lundon (born 1979), Kevin Simm (born 1980), Jessica Taylor (born 1980) and Kelli Young (born 1981).

May Revolution

The May Revolution happened from May 18 to 25, 1810, in Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires was the capital of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata. It was a Spanish colony that included roughly the territories of present-day Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay. The result was the removal of Viceroy Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros and the forming of a local government now called the "Primera Junta". In Argentina this is now celebrated as "May Week" ().

The May Revolution was a direct reaction to Spain's Peninsular War of the previous two years. In 1808, King Ferdinand VII of Spain abdicated in favor of Napoleon. Napoleon gave the throne to his brother, Joseph Bonaparte. 

The May Revolution began the Argentine War of Independence. No formal declaration of independence was made. The Primera Junta continued to govern in the name of the deposed king, Ferdinand VII. The Argentine Declaration of Independence was made at the Congress of Tucumán on July 9, 1816.

Argentine Declaration of Independence

What today is commonly called the Independence of Argentina was made on July 9, 1816. It was done by the Congress of Tucumán. In reality, the congressmen that were together in Tucumán declared the independence of the United Provinces of South America. This is still today one of the legal names of the Argentine Republic. The Federal League Provinces, were at war with the United Provinces. They were not allowed into the Congress. Many provinces from Upper Peru were at the Congress.

Independence began with the 1810 May Revolution.




Constitution of Argentina

The constitution of Argentina is one of the main sources of existing law in Argentina. Its first version was written in 1853 by a Constitutional Assembly gathered in Santa Fe. The basis was taken in part from the United States Constitution. It was then changed in 1860, 1866, 1898, 1949, 1957. The present version is the text of 1994.
The first government was made after the May Revolution. Many revolutionary leaders, led by Mariano Moreno, wanted to declare independence immediately. There were problems between the two main parties. Finally the federal constitution was made on May 1, 1853.



Argentine peso

The peso is the money of Argentina. It has also been called the "peso convertible". It is divided into 100 "centavos". The number is written with a $ sign and then the number.

In 2011, four pesos were equal to one United States dollar. In October 2014, eight pesos are equal to one United States dollar.


Gul Mohamad Zhowandai

Gul Mohamad Zhowandai (1905-1988) was born in Kabul, Afghanistan. He was a poet and writer. He wrote novels in Persian. His published works include:




CEGEP

CEGEP is an acronym for "", which means "College of general and vocational education". It is the name for public colleges in Quebec, Canada. It was created in 1967 after the Quiet Revolution in the 1960s, when the provincial government took over the management of health care and education.


Zwonowice

Zwonowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lyski, within Rybnik County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is west of the regional capital Katowice.


Habit

Habit or Habits may refer to:


Presenter

A presenter, or host / hostess, is a person who guides or introduces an event, especially on television.

A similar term is master of ceremonies (MC, "emcee", or host). The main use of the term 'presenter' is on television, where the presenter introduces other speakers, and introduces program sections. The role is similar to narrator, who talks over visuals ("voice over") or plays a main role in the program. A presenter does not have to be an expert on the content of the program, but a narrator or commentatior is often an expert. 

A television presenter is a person who introduces or hosts television programmes. It is common for minor celebrities to do this. There are also many people whose main job is presenting. This is very common with children's television series. One example of this is Mister Rogers.

Some presenters may also be an actor, model, singer, comedian or other profession. Others may be experts on certain things. These include scientists or politicians They work as presenters for a programme about what they are an expert at. For instance, Carl Sagan, an astronomer was the host of "", a television series that dealt understanding the universe. Some television presenters are celebrities who have made their name in one area and use their fame to work in other areas. Examples of this include British comedian Michael Palin who now presents programmes about travel (such as ""), and Alan Alda, who has presented "Scientific American Frontiers".

The term is also used in other countries, such as Ireland. In the United States, the term host or MC (Master of Ceremonies) is commonly used.

A news presenter (also called an anchor, news anchor or newscaster) is a person who presents news during a news program. The program can be on television, on the radio or on the Internet. A news presenter, or anchor, puts together the entire program. This may include writing, selecting, and reading stories on the air. The job of an anchor is often more improvised than scripted. This is especially true during breaking news (when events are happening quickly). They have to coordinate other reporters, interviews and behind-the-scenes events as they happen. They must also deal with technical difficulties and keep the broadcast going.

There are presenters for many types of things. These include: 

Television presenter

A television presenter (often referred to as a television personality or television host) is a person who introduces or hosts television programs, often serving as a mediator for the program and the audience. Nowadays, it is common for people who garnered fame in other fields to take on this role, but some people have made their name solely within the field of presenting—such as children's television series or infomercials—to become television personalities.

Dollar sign

The dollar or peso sign ($) is a symbol that is for either the peso or dollar. These are types of money around the world. Sometimes it is an S with one line through it. Sometimes it is an S with two lines through it. When there are two lines it is called a cifrão. There are many stories about why this symbol is used to mean money.

Time in Argentina

Argentina is at a place that would naturally put it in the UTC−4 time zone. It actually uses the UTC−3 time zone. Argentina decides whether to have daylight saving time on a year-by-year basis. The provinces may choose to follow the national choice or not. In 2009, Argentina did not have daylight saving time. 

UTC−04:00

UTC−04:00 makes clocks 4 hours earlier than Greenwich Mean Time. 

These are the places who are on the UTC−04:00 time zone.










UTC−03:00

UTC−03:00 makes clocks 3 hours earlier than Greenwich Mean Time.

These are countries who use UTC-03:00 for time.





Telephone numbers in Argentina

Phone numbers in Argentina have ten digits. This is when both the area code and the subscriber's code are included. The area code may have 2, 3 or 4 numbers. The remaining 8, 7 or 6 numbers are the subscriber's number. For example, phone number (11) 1234-5678 for Buenos Aires has a 2-digit area code number and an 8-digit subscriber's number. (264) 123-4567 is an example of a San Juan number.

Here is a list of the most common public utility service numbers:


Municipalities of Argentina

A municipality is one way Argentina is divided. It is a city, town, or township. A province is the biggest way Argentina is divided. The provinces are divided into departments. The Departments are then divided into municipalities.

Departments of Argentina

A department is one way Argentina is divided. A province is the biggest way Argentina is divided. The provinces are divided into departments. The Departments are then divided into municipalities.

There are no departments in the city of Buenos Aires. There are 376 departments. Because names do not have to be unique, 75 departments have same or similar names.

House of Savoy

The House of Savoy was the ruling dynasty of the Duchy of Savoy, then the Kingdom of Sardinia and later Kingdom of Italy from 1861 to 1946. 

The House of Savoy began in Switzerland in the Middle Ages. The Savoy rose to power in Sicily War of Spanish Succession then gave up Sicily for Sardinia in 1720 later adding Piedmont to their kingdom.

In 1792 they joined the alliance against Napoleon Bonaparte. They were defeated at first but had their kingdom restored after Napoleon was defeated. 

In 1859, King Victor Emmanuel II led the unification of Italy and ruled until 1878. His grandson Victor Emmanuel III came to power in 1900 after King Umberto I was assassinated. Victor Emmanuel III was king during both World War I and World War II. He also appointed Benito Mussolini Prime Minister in 1922. 

After World War II, public support for the monarchy fell and Victor Emmanuel III abdicated in 1946. His son Umberto II was king for a month before a referendum abolished the monarchy. Today the leadership of the House of Savoy is contested between Victor Emmanuel, Prince of Naples, who is the son on Umberto II, and his cousin Prince Amedeo, Duke of Asota.

There was also a branch of the family that settled in France they were known as the Dukes of Nemours and often had close ties with the Court of Louis XIV. 

From 2006 until his death in 2021, Prince Amedeo, Duke of Aosta was the disputed head of the House of Savoy.


Bourbon Restoration in France

The Bourbon Restoration was the return of the House of Bourbon to France after the French Revolution and Napoleon Bonaparte. It began in 1814 after Napoleon was defeated and exiled to Elba island off the coast of Italy. Louis XVIII of France, the younger brother of Louis XVI of France, was named king in 1814 by the Congress of Vienna.

After being removed by Napoleon during the Hundred Days, Louis XVIII was returned to power in 1815 and died in 1824. Louis XVIII was succeeded by his younger brother Charles X of France who ruled until he was removed in 1830 by the July Revolution.

Kingdom of the Two Sicilies

The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies () was a kingdom in southern Italy from 1816 until 1861. It was created by Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies, after the Congress of Vienna of 1814, by uniting the Kingdom of Sicily and the Kingdom of Naples, which had been ruled by Joseph Bonaparte who conferred the title "Prince of Naples" to be hereditary on his children and grandchildren, during the reign of Napoleon. The ruling dynasty was a cadet branch of the House of Bourbon.

The capital of the kingdom was Naples. Roman Catholicism was the state religion. The kingdom was full of corruption and poverty: mainly because of this, most of the population welcomed the Risorgimento with the unification of southern Italy to the rest of Italy in 1861.

In 1861, Giuseppe Garibaldi and his men, who were known as "red shirts", captured Sicily. This was welcomed by the local population. Garibaldi then crossed the Strait of Messina and captured Naples. South Italy and Sicily then joined the Kingdom of Italy.

The peninsula was divided into fifteen "departments" and the island of Sicily was divided into seven departments. The island itself had a special administrative status, with its base at Palermo.

After the Two Sicilies were conquered by Garibaldi, the departments became provinces of Italy.

For a time the heir to the throne was given the title of "Hereditary Prince of Naples". But this was later changed to the Duke of Calabria after the uniting of the two kingdoms. Collectively the royal family generally lived at the Palace of Caserta. Children of the monarch were born with the style of "Royal Highness" as well as the title of Prince/ss of the Two Sicilies. Several males in the family were given titles such as "Duke of Castro", "Count of Caserta", "Prince of Salerno", a majority of which were lost due to a lack of male heirs. The present pretending monarch is Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria, who does use the title of Duke of Calabria.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> The city of Benevento was formally included in this department, but it was occupied by the Papal States and was "de facto" an exclave of that country.

Black Rain

Black Rain is a 1989 American-Japanese crime action movie. It stars Andy Garcia, Michael Douglas and Ken Takakura. It was released in September 1989. The movie is about the Japanese underworld of crime with American crimes mixed in.

Mer Hayrenik

"Our Fatherland" (, ) is the national anthem of Armenia. The words of the song were written by by Mikael Nalbandian in 1861, and the melody for his words were composed by Barsegh Kanachyan. It is based on a poem called "The Song of an Italian Girl".

The national anthem of Armenia is based on certain parts of the poem "The Song of an Italian Girl". It was first adopted in 1918 as the anthem of the First Republic of Armenia. But when the Soviets invaded their territory and gained control over the country in 1922, the Soviets banned this song and suppressed Armenian nationalism. Instead, the Armenians were forced to have the Anthem of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic as a part of their identity, in praise of the Soviet Union. Decades later, late into 1991, the USSR broke up. This anthem was successfully restored, with minor changes to the lyrics.

The original lyrics of the Armenian national anthem is based on the first, third, fourth, and sixth stanzas of "The Song of an Italian Girl". They are quite similar to the current lyrics.

Yazidis

The Yazidi (also Yezidi) are a Kurdish ethnoreligious group with Iranian peoples roots, originally from Yazd province. They are a separate branch of the Abrahamic religion tree. Their religion blends monotheism with Zoroastrianism and the religions of ancient Mesopotamia. Infant boy circumcision and Infant baptism are practised.

They mostly live in the Nineveh Province of northern Iraq alongside the Christian Assyrians. In Lalish, they have there old Yazidi Temple. More people are in Transcaucasia, Armenia, Turkey, and Syria. They have been fewer since the 1990s. Their religion is Yazidism. The Yazidis believe in a single god who created the world. They believe that he placed the world under the care of seven holy beings or angels. The main angel is Melek Taus, the peacock angel.

The Yazidis got worldwide attention in 2014. They face religious persecution and expulsion from their ancient home in Iraq by the jihadist Islamic State (ISIL).

Serzh Sargsyan

Serzh Azati Sargsyan (born June 30, 1954) is the third President of Armenia. He won the February 2008 presidential election. He took office in April 2008. 

Sargsyan was in the Soviet Armed Forces from 1971 to 1972. He is the chairman of the Chess Federation of Armenia. Besides speaking Armenian, he also can speak in Russian.

Even though the former Prime Minister of Armenia, Tigran Sargsyan, has the same last name, they are not related.

He became the Armenian defense minister in 1993. In 1995 he was head of Armenian state security department and minister of national security in 1996. In 1999, he became Robert Kocharyan's chief of staff, then secretary of the national security council, and defense minister. He became prime minister in 2007.

On 17 April 2018, Sargsyan became Prime Minister of Armenia. Following mass-scale protests, he resigned from the office six days later on 23 April. Former Prime Minister Karen Karapetyan succeeded Sargsyan as acting Prime Minister.

In 1983, he married socialite Rita Sargsyan. She died in 2020 from COVID-19. They have two daughters, Anush and Satenik, and one granddaughter, Mariam. 

Prime Minister of Armenia

The Prime Minister of Armenia is the most senior minister in the Armenian government. They "oversee the Government's regular activities and coordinate the work of the Ministers." The President of Armenia chooses the Prime Minimster. The office of President is generally thought to be more powerful than the office of Prime Minister.




Tigran Sargsyan

Tigran Sargsyan (born January 29, 1960) was the Prime Minister of Armenia from 9 April 2008 to 13 April 2014. 

From 1980 to 1983, Sargsyan attended Leningrad's Voznesenski Financial and Economic Institute. 

On April 9, 2008 he became Prime Minister of Armenia. He was selected by President Serzh Sargsyan.

Sargsyan is married and has three children (daughter Nelly Sargsyan and two sons Armen and Abgar Sargsyans) and a grandchild. He is of no relation to the President of Armenia Serzh Sargsyan.

National Assembly (Armenia)

The National Assembly of Armenia is the official name of the legislative branch of the government of Armenia. There are 131 members. They are elected for four-year terms.

Hovik Abrahamyan

Hovik A. Abrahamyan (born 24 January 1958) is an Armenian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Armenia from 13 April 2014 to 8 September 2016. He is a member of the National Assembly of Armenia from the Republican Party. Before he was the speaker of the National Assembly.

Hovik Abrahamyan was born on 24 January 1958 in Mkhchyan village, Ararat Marz of Armenia. He is married and has three children and five grandchildren.

Abrahamyan graduated from the Armenian State University of Economics.

On November 21, 2011 Hovik Abrahamyan resigned as the Speaker. Samvel Nikoyan was then elected as the Speaker.

Samvel Nikoyan

Samvel Nikoyan is the current speaker of the parliament of Armenia. In 2005 he was awarded the "Andranik Ozanyan" medal of the Armed Forces of Armenia. He was also given the RA Prime Minister Commemorative Medal. Nikoyan is married with three children.


25th century BC

The 25th century BC is a century which lasted from the year 2500 BCE to 2401 BCE.




336 BC

Year 336 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>


331 BC

Year 331 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>


Northern Court

The in Japan was a set of six pretenders to the throne of Japan during the Nanboku-chō period from 1336 through 1392.


After 1392, Go-Komatsu was the 100th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession..

During the Nanboku-chō period, the Northern Court pretenders recognized 19 Japanese era names (年号, "nengō", lit. year names), including



201 BC

201 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.






185 BC

Year 185 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



77 BC

Year 77 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.




Southern Court

The in Japan was a set of four emperors during the Nanboku-chō period from 1336 through 1392.


After 1392, Go-Komatsu was the 100th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.

During the Nanboku-chō period, the Southern Court monarchs recognized 11 Japanese era names (年号, "nengō", lit. year names), including



120

Year 120 (CXX) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 




69 BC

Year 69 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






330

Year 330 (CCCXXX) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 





8 BC

Year 8 BC was either a common year starting on Friday or Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Censorinus and Gallus.




336

Year 336 (CCCXXXVI) was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 




428

Year 428 (CDXXVIII) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.






422

422 (CDXXII) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.






84 BC

Year 84 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 




34 BC

Year 34 BC was either a common year starting on Friday, Saturday or Sunday or a leap year starting on Friday or Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Antonius and Libo.



Yu Gamdong

Yu Gamdong (, ? - ?), also written as Yu Gam-don, was a dancer, poet, artist, writer, and prostitute during the Korean Joseon Dynasty.

She was the first dancer of from the nobles and a divorced women, but her dancing was condemned as obscene or disorderly.



Grand Prince Yangnyeong

Prince Yangnyeong or Grand Prince Yangnyeong (, 1394 – 1462) was a politician, prince, writer, and poet during the Korean Joseon Dynasty. He was the first son of Taejong of Joseon and first enclosed Crown Prince of Korea. His real name was Yi Je (; also written Lee Je).



ISO 639-2

ISO 639 is a set of international standards that lists short codes for language names. First there was ISO 639-1. To list more languages, ISO 639-2 was made. Later versions include ISO 639-3 and ISO 639-5.

Each language has a 3 letter code. The list below shows all the codes in ISO 639-2.

The following is a complete list of three-letter ISO 639-2 codes. Where two ISO 639-2 codes are given in the table, the one with the asterisk is the bibliographic code (B code) and the other is the terminological code (T code).

Entries in the "Notes" column show:

ISO 639-3

The ISO 639-3 is the third version of a set of international standards that lists short codes for language names. Such codes are also known as language codes. Before this version was out, there was already ISO 639-1 and ISO 639-2, but due to the increase in languages being added to the database, ISO639-3 was therefore released, and all language codes have three letters, unlike the previous two, which allowed two letters in the code.

Each known language has a 3 letter code, and requests to add additional languages into the database can be made at the SIL International website. The standard was published by ISO on 2007-02-05.


Vehicle registration plate

A vehicle registration plate is a metal or plastic plate on a motor vehicle or trailer. It is used for official identification purposes. There is a numeric or alphanumeric (meaning that the code is made up of numbers and letters) code that identifies the vehicle. In some countries, the identifier is unique in the entire country. In other countries, it is unique in a state or province. Sometimes the identifier is for a person and sometimes for a vehicle. Each country calls a vehicle registration plate something different. Some examples are license plate or tag (US), licence plate (Canada), number plate or registration plate (UK). 

Armenian dram

The dram (Armenian: Դրամ) is the money of Armenia. It is divided into 100 luma. The word "dram" translates into English as "money". It is similar to the Greek drachma and the Arabic dirham. The Central Bank of Armenia is the only place that can print drams.

The first time the word dram was used for money in Armenia was from 1199 to 1375. The current dram began to be used 22 November 1993. This was after Armenia was no longer part of the Soviet Union.


Telephone numbers in Armenia

Below is how the telephone numbering system in Armenia works. The calling code for Armenia is +374.

The dialing plan is as below:

From abroad to Yerevan, marzes, mobile network, Nagorno-Karabakh fixed tel. network and unrecognised Nagorno-Karabakh mobile network:

From Yerevan, marzes, mobile network and Nagorno-Karabakh (Azerbaijan) to abroad:

 0 + Destination Code + Subscriber Number

From Yerevan, marzes and mobile network to Nagorno-Karabakh fixed tel. network and Nagorno-Karabakh mobile network:

Aragatsotn Province

Aragatsotn is a province ("marz") of Armenia. It is in the west of the country. The capital is Ashtarak. The name means "a foot of Aragats". During the Arsacid Dynasty of the Kingdom of Armenia, the region was part of the Ayrarat province. It was ruled by the Amatuni noble family with its capital at Oshakan.

Aragatsotn's western edge forms part of Armenia's border with Turkey.

There are 3 urban communities and 111 rural communities.

Kingdom of Armenia (antiquity)

The Kingdom of Armenia also known as Greater Armenia (Armenian: Մեծ Հայք, Mets Hayk), was an Armenian kingdom ruling in the Ancient Near East from 321 BC to 428 AD. It's history is divided into reigns by three royal dynasties: Orontid (321 BC–200 BC), Artaxiad (190 BC–12 AD) and Arsacid (52 AD–428 AD). 

The Kingdom of Armenia was ruled by the Orontid (also known as Yervanduni or Eurandids) dynasty from 321 BC to 200 BC. The Orontids (Eurandids) were an Armenian dynasty of probably Iranian origin. Around 200 BC a coup by the Armenian noble family of Artaxias toppled the Orontid (Yervanduni) dynasty, Thus the Artaxiad dynasty came to power, as depending on the Seleucids. The Artaxiad dynasty was been identified as a branch of the Orontid (Eurandid) dynasty. The Seleucid Empire's influence over Armenia had weakened after it was defeated by the Romans in the Battle of Magnesia in 190 BC. A Hellenistic Armenian state was thus founded in the same year by Artaxias I alongside the Armenian kingdom of Sophene led by Zariadres. Artaxias seized Yervandashat, united the Armenian Highlands at the expense of neighboring tribes and founded the new royal capital of Artaxata near the Araxes River. After the defeat of Antiochus III the Great at the hands of the Romans, in 188 BC, both Artaxias and Zariadres established themselves as Kings, with Artaxias ruling over the former lands of the Armenia Strategia, while Zariadres continues his rule over Sophene. The new city was laid on a strategic position at the juncture of trade routes that connected the Ancient Greek world with Bactria, India and the Black Sea which permitted the Armenians to prosper.

Tigranes the Great 

After the death of Mithridates II of Parthia his son Gotarzes I succeeded him. He reigned during a period coined in scholarship as the "Parthian Dark Age," due to the lack of clear information on the events of this period in the empire, except a series of, apparently overlapping, reigns. This system of split monarchy weakened Parthia, allowing Tigranes II of Armenia to annex Parthian territory in western Mesopotamia. This land would not be restored to Parthia until the reign of Sinatruces ("r". c. 78–69 BC). In 83 BC, after bloody strife for the throne of Syria, governed by the Seleucids, the Syrians decided to choose Tigranes as the protector of their kingdom and offered him the crown of Syria. He then conquered Phoenicia and Cilicia, effectively putting an end to the last remnants of the Seleucid Empire, though a few holdout cities appear to have recognized the shadowy boy-king Seleucus VII Philometor as the legitimate king during his reign. The southern border of his domain reached as far as Ptolemais. Many of the inhabitants of conquered cities were sent to his new metropolis of Tigranocerta.
Under reign of Tigranes the Great, Kingdom of Armenia stretched from the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean and the Kingdom of Armenia was called the "Armenian empire" during her reign. At one time, the domains of Tigranes the Great stretched from the shores of the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean, from Mesopotamia up to the Pontic Alps. The vast empire, formed of a varied mixture of diverse tribes, with their own dialects and cultures, could hardly be turned over- night into a cohesive and durable political structure. Inner disunity aided the designs of the Romans, who launched a series of onslaughts on the Armenian dynasty, beginning with the invasion by Lucullus in 69–8 B.C, and culminating in the campaigns of Pompey in Armenia, Iberia and Colchis in 66–5 B.C. The downfall of Tigranes the Great was precipitated by the flight of his son, Tigranes the Younger, to the court of the Parthian king Phraates III, who supplied him with an army with which to invade Armenia, and join forces with the victorious Romans. Armenia became a Roman client kingdom in 66 BC, after the final defeat of Armenia's ally, Mithridates VI of Pontus by Pompey at the Battle of the Lycus.

Approximately half a century after the collapse of the Artaxiad dynasty Armenia was under the rule of the Arshakunis, the Armenian branch of the Parthian Arsacids. Next, in 314, under King Tiridates (Trdat) the Great and through the apostolate of St. Gregory the Illuminator, Armenia, nearly simultaneously with the Roman empire, officially accepted Christianity, a turning point in its history. An event of importance in the Arshakuni period was the invention, on the threshold of the fifth century, of the Armenian alphabet by St. Mesrop. With this Armenian became the language of the educated; it was introduced into the liturgy; and national literature was born (under Hellenistic and Syrian influences). Armenia’s identity and individuality were thus saved and an absorption by either Byzantine or Iranian civilization was precluded.
The Arsacid dynasty was overthrown by the Sasanid Empire in 428, and this was the end of the Kingdom of Armenia.

During the Orontid period, despite the Hellenistic invasion of Persia, Persian and local Armenian culture remained the strongest element within society and the elites. While the culture of Armenia was dominated by Hellenism under the Artaxiads, the reign of the Arsacids marked the predominance of Iranianism in the country, with Parthian replacing Greek as the language of the educated. However, Armenian Hellenism was not eradicated, as the Arsacids of Iran were proud philhellenes. Armenian was considered a "vulgar" language, and thus Parthian language was spoken amongst the upper class and at the court. It was during this period that Classical Armenian incorporated most of its Iranian loanwords. However, with the invention of the Armenian alphabet, Armenian became the language of the educated people; introduced into liturgy and national literature was born. 

Until the late Parthian period, Armenia was a predominantly Zoroastrian-adhering land. With the advent of Christianity, both paganism and Zoroastrianism gradually started to diminish. The founder of the Arsacid branch in Armenia, Tiridates I was a Zoroastrian priest or magus. A noted episode which illustrates the observance by the Armenian Arsacids is the famous journey of Tiridates I to Rome in A.D. 65–66. With the adoption of Christianity in the early 4th century, Zoroastrianism's influence in the kingdom gradually started to decline.



Ararat Province

Ararat is a province of Armenia. The capital is Artashat. It is named after Mount Ararat. The province borders Turkey to the west and Azerbaijan to the south.

Two former Armenian capitals are in this region (Artashat (Artaxata) and Dvin). The Khor Virap monastery was the place of Gregory the Illuminator's 13-year imprisonment.

In 1993 and again in 1995, CYMA (Canadian Youth Mission to Armenia) worked in Ararat province. They built community centers, fixed schools, had a children's day camp and gave aid to families affected by the Nagorno-Karabakh War. CYMA co-founders Archbishop Hovnan Derderian and Ronald Alepian chose Ararat due to its well-organized youth movement.

There are 4 urban communities and 93 rural communities.

Armavir Province

Armavir is a province of Armenia. The capital is Armavir. It is in the west of the country, between Mount Ararat and Mount Aragats. It shares a 45-mile border with Turkey to the south and west. The province has the Holy City of Echmiadzin. Echmiadzin is the center of the Armenian Apostolic Church and the seat of the Catholicos of Armenia and of All Armenians. Also in this region is the historic city of Sardarapat. It was the site of the 1918 Battle of Sardarapat.

Armavir is the smallest province of the country. There are 3 urban communities and 94 rural communities.

New York Public Library

The New York Public Library (NYPL) is a public library system in New York City. It is the second largest public library in the United States.

The library has branches in the boroughs of Manhattan, Bronx and Staten Island. The branch libraries are open to the general public.

John Astor gave $400,000 for the creation of a public library. which was built in 1854.

The size and importance of the library grew along with the city.


LGBT rights in Thailand

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Thailand may face legal challenges that non-LGBT residents don't have to. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity are legal in Thailand. Same-sex couples and families headed by same-sex couples cannot get the same legal protections that opposite-sex couples can. 

Thai LGBT people "still [in 2014,] face discrimination affecting their social rights and job opportunities"; they also "face difficulty gaining acceptance for non-traditional sexuality, even though the tourism authority has been promoting Thailand as a gay-friendly country".

In May 2009, the Thai Red Cross reaffirmed its ban of men who have sex with males (MSM) becoming blood donors, despite campaigns to change this policy. Gender-Reassignment Operations have been performed in Thailand since 1975, and Thailand is among the most popular destinations globally for patients seeking Gender-Reassignment Operations.

LGBT rights in Myanmar

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (LGBT) people in Myanmar face legal challenges and discrimination not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Same-sex sexual activity is illegal within the Union of Myanmar and punishable by fines and imprisonment for ten years to life. The past authoritarian nature of the government made it difficult to obtain accurate information about the legal or social status of LGBT citizens of Myanmar. However, along with the ongoing political reforms, improvements in media and civil freedoms have allowed LGBT people to gain more and more recognition in the country.

During the Military regime, no organised Bangladeshi LGBT political or social life was able to exist. Burma's social mores about human sexuality have been described as being "extremely conservative." Aung Myo Min is an openly gay man and has been involved in the All Burma Students Democratic Front (ABSDF). In 2005 he talked about his coming out process and the homophobia that exists, even with the pro-democracy opposition. Today he is involved with exile Burma human rights organizations, including the Campaign for Lesbian Gay Rights in Burma. In 2003, Focus Asia (Star TV) aired a story about the Nat Kadaws. The "Utopia Guide to Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar & Vietnam" references "Transgender shaman channelling spirits at Myanmar sacred festivals." Yet, within Burma itself, no formal gay bars or LGBT human rights organisations exist as of yet. There are only some unconfirmed reports that certain nightclubs in the cities that are a reputation for both heterosexual and LGBT clientele. Burma also celebrated its first gay pride in several cities around the country in 2012, to mark the International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia. 

Gegharkunik Province

Gegharkunik is a province of Armenia. Its capital is Gavar. Gegharkunik was named after Gegham. Gegham was a Haykazuni King and the fifth generation after Hayk. Geghama mountains and Geghama lake, now called Lake Sevan, were named after Gegham.

Gegharkunik Province is in the east of Armenia. It borders Azerbaijan. It is the largest province in Armenia. Much of the land is covered by Lake Sevan. There are 5 towns and 87 rural communities.

Kotayk Province

Kotayk or Kotaik is a province of Armenia. It is in the centre of the country. The capital is Hrazdan. It is best known for its world-renowned beer of the same name. Tourist towns are Garni and Geghard. Also the popular winter sports resort Tsakhkadzor is where Soviet Armenian physiologist Leon Orbeli was born.

There are 7 towns and 60 rural communities.

Lori Province

Lori is a province of Armenia. It is in the north of the country. It borders Georgia. The capital is Vanadzor. Stepanavan is the second largest city. It is home to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Haghpat and Sanahin and the well-preserved Akhtala monastery.

It was damaged by the 1988 Spitak earthquake.

Lori is the birthplace of several famous Armenians. These include musician Sayat-Nova, poet Hovhannes Tumanyan, Soviet aircraft designer Artem Mikoyan, and Soviet statesman Anastas Mikoyan.

There are 8 urban communities and 105 rural communities.

Shirak Province

Shirak is a province of Armenia. It is in the north-west of the country. It borders Turkey in the west and Georgia in the north. The capital is Gyumri. Shirak is known as the homeland of khash. Shirak is served by Shirak International Airport near Gyumri.

There are 3 urban communities and 116 rural.

Syunik Province

Syunik is the southernmost province of Armenia. It borders Iran to the south. The capital is Kapan. Other important cities and towns include Goris, Sisian, Meghri, Agarak, and Dastakert. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 152,900 in 2010.

Historically, Syunik was one of the 15 provinces of the Kingdom of Armenia. It was part of the Persian Empire around 369.

Syunik is home to many of Armenia's largest mining operations. There are 7 urban communities and 102 rural communities.

369

Year 369 (CCCLXIX) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 






Sakurai, Nara

Sakurai is home to Ōmiwa Shrine. It is one of the oldest Shinto shrines in Japan.

The shrine is linked with brewing sake.

According to tradition, Sakurai was sometimes the site of an Imperial Palace, including

Sakurai is part of Yukio Mishima's novel, "Runaway Horses".



Boogie Nights

Boogie Nights is a 1997 American drama movie written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, and starring Mark Wahlberg, Julianne Moore, Burt Reynolds, Don Cheadle, John C. Reilly, Philip Seymour Hoffman, William H. Macy and Heather Graham. It follows the life of a pornographic actor in San Fernando Valley. The film was initially rated NC-17 but was cut for a R rating. The film received positive reviews from critics.

Tavush Province

Tavush is a province of Armenia. It is in the north of Armenia. It has borders with Georgia and Azerbaijan. It is well known for its mountains. Tavush got its name from the historical area of Armenia – Tavush gavar. Tavush gavar was a part of Great Armenia.

There are 4 urban communities and 58 rural communities.

Vayots Dzor Province

Vayots Dzor is a province of Armenia. It is in the south-east of the country. It borders Azerbaijan in the east. There were 53,230 people in 2002. The capital is Yeghegnadzor. The name means "Valley of Woes". This is because there were many bad earthquakes in the area.

There are 3 urban communities and 41 rural communities.

Tenri, Nara

The Isonokami Shrine is in Tenri. A town grew up around the shrine.

According to tradition, Tenri was the site of the Hirotaka Palace ("Hirotak no miya") when Emperor Ninken lived there.

Tenri is the center of the Tenrikyo religion.



UTC+04:00

UTC+04:00 makes clocks 4 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.
These are the places who are on the UTC−04:00 time zone.


UTC+05:00

UTC+05:00 makes clocks 5 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time. It is the time zone for:
These are the places who are on the UTC+05:00 time zone.




Postal codes in Armenia

Postal codes in Armenia have four digits. Until April 1, 2006, they had six digits. For example, the previous postal code for the Foreign Ministry was Yerevan 375010. It is now Yerevan 0010.

Ashtarak

Ashtarak is an industrial city in Armenia. It is on the left bank of Kasagh River. It is the capital of Aragatsotn Province. There are 21,600 people.
Ashtarak is one of the oldest cities of Armenia. It was formed in the 9th century and reconstructed in the 17th century.

An interesting sight is an unusual bridge that crosses the Kasagh River. It was built in 1664. It has three arches that are unequal in size.

Artashat, Armenia

Artashat is a city in Armenia. It is on Araks River. Artashat is the capital of Ararat Province. The name is from Iranian languages and means the "joy of Arta". It was founded by King Artashes I in 176 B.C. Artashat was the capital of the Kingdom of Armenia from 185 BC until 120 AD.

There are 25,300 people.

Armavir, Armenia

Armavir is a city in western Armenia. In 2008 there were 26,387 people. It is the capital of the Armavir Province. People have lived in Armavir since the 5th-6th millennium B.C.

Armavir was an old capital of Armenia. It is said to have been founded by King Aramais in 1980 BC. King Argishti I of Urartu built a fortress in the area. He named it Argishtikhinili. During Antiquity, Armavir was taken by the Seleucids, Parthians, Roman Empire, Sassanids and Byzantine Empire before it was taken over by the Arabs in 645.

20th century BC

The 20th century BC is a century which lasted from the year 2000 BC to 1901 BC.




19th century BC

The 19th century BC was the century that lasted from 1900 BC to 1801 BC.



18th century BC

The 18th century BCE was the century which lasted from 1800 BCE to 1701 BCE.



1750 BCE—Hammurabi (middle chronology)


1550s BC

The 1550s BC was a decade lasting from January 1, 1559 BC to December 31, 1550 BC.


21st century BC

The 21st century BC is a century which lasted from the year 2100 BC to 2001 BC.





Kōryō, Nara

According to tradition, Kōryō was sometimes the site of an Imperial Palace, including



1249

Year 1249 (MCCXLIX) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.









Cub

A cub is the young of some large predatory animals such as bears, lions, wolves, and big cats.

Cub may mean:


321 BC

Year 321 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.





297 BC

Year 297 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 





358 BC

Year 358 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






U.S. state

In the United States, a state is a political entity. There are currently 50 of them, and they are bound together in a federation. Each has a government and can make laws over a particular area that the state covers. All states have a shared sovereignty with the U.S. federal government. People who were born or naturalized in states are citizens of both the United States and the state they are in.People can move between states without asking or saying so, unless a court has said they can't. Four states call themselves "commonwealths" in their official names. Washington, D.C. is a federal district and not a state nor in a state.

States divide their territory into counties, or something similar with different name, which are not sovereign. Most states give their counties some government authority; a few states give them none. State governments get their power from the people of that state. States have a number of States' rights under the United States Constitution. States and the people that live in them are represented in the United States Congress, in the Senate and the House of Representatives. Each state also selects electors (an equal number to the number of Senators and Representatives from that state) to vote in the Electoral College, which elects the President of the United States. Puerto Rico, a territory of the United States, is considered as a possible 51st state for the future.

The 50 states, in alphabetical order, along with each state's flag:

University of Paris-Seine

University of Paris-Seine is a group of higher education institutes in France. It groups public universities and national research centers. These places teach nearly every field of sciences (fundamental, engineering, business).

The "Université du grand ouest parisien" was created on 6 February 2012.
The name has changed the 1st of March 2015. It is now called « Université Paris-Seine ».

The member universities and institutes are :


Common barn owl

The common barn owl ("Tyto alba") is a species of owl in the genus "Tyto". It is the most widely distributed species of owl, and one of the most widespread of all birds. The barn owl family Tytonidae is one of two main lineages of living owls, the other being the typical owls (Strigidae). It is known by many other names in different parts of the world, which is one of the problems with 'common names'. It is one of the main reasons Linnaeus invented his system of scientific naming.

This owl has long wings, a pale face, and a square-shaped tail. It lives in rural areas like farms and woodland. The barn owl has a wing span of 75–110 cm and its body length measures up to around 25–50 cm. It weighs between 187 and 800 grams.

Barn owls' breeding season is spring and it breeds in nests in trees. It eats small mammals, reptiles, fish, insects and smaller birds.

"Tyto alba" is nocturnal, as usual for owls. However, it often becomes active shortly before dusk and can sometimes be seen during the day, when it moves from a sleeping place it does not like.

This is a bird of open country such as farmland or grassland with some interspersed woodland. This owl prefers to hunt along the edges of woods. It has an effortless wavering flight as it moves over pastures or similar hunting grounds. Like most owls, the Barn Owl flies silently; tiny serrations on the leading edges of its flight feathers help to break up the flow of air over its wings, thereby reducing turbulence and the noise that accompanies it.

It hunts by flying low and slowly over an area of open ground, hovering over spots that conceal potential prey. They may also use fence posts or other lookouts to ambush prey. The Barn Owl feeds primarily on small vertebrates such as rodents.

Studies have shown that an individual Barn Owl may eat one or more rodents per night; a nesting pair and their young can eat more than 1,000 rodents per year. Locally superabundant rodent species in the weight class of several grams per individual usually make up most of the prey. Such animals probably make up at least three-quarters of the biomass eaten by each and every "T. alba", except in some island populations. In Ireland, the accidental introduction of the Bank vole in the 1950s has led to a major shift in the Barn Owl's diet: where their ranges overlap the vole is now by far the largest prey item. The diet is supplemented with local small vertebrate and large invertebrate life.

North American river otter

The North American river otter ("Lontra canadensis"), or the common otter, is an aquatic mammal native to only North America in the countries Canada, and the United States. River otters are a distant relative of the weasel family. North American river otters can reach a length of 3.9 ft and weigh 3 lbs. The river otter's life expectancy is 10 to 15 years in the wild and 25 years in captivity. The main habitat of the river otter are near freshwater rivers, streams, lakes, ponds, marshes, swamps, and coastal waters. They prefer fish, though they will eat amphibians such as frogs, turtles, and crayfish. They have also been reported to eat small mammals and birds.

About 290 North American river otters are currently in captivity.

Shiki District, Nara

According to tradition, the Shiki District was sometimes the site of an Imperial Palace, including


Gavar

Gavar is a city in Armenia. It is the capital of Gegharkunik. It was called Nor Bayezet or Novyi Bayazet until 1959. Then the name changed to Kamo until 1996. The town is in the mountains. It is only a few miles away from the western shores of Lake Sevan. In 2001 there were 23,302 people.

The people of Gavar are mainly Christians. They belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church.

Here are some notable people who were born or raised in the town of Gavar:

Kyōtanabe, Kyoto

According to tradition, Kyōtanabe was the site of an Imperial Palace, including the Tsutsuki Palace during the reign of Emperor Keitai.



Kingdom of Armenia

Kingdom of Armenia may mean:

sometimes also called "Kingdom of Armenia" or "Armenian kingdom" are:

Hrazdan

Hrazdan is the capital of the Kotayk Province of Armenia. The name Hrazdan is from the Middle-Persian name "Frazdan". "Farzdan" is connected to the Zoroastrian mythology. With 52,900 people it is the fifth-largest city in Armenia. The town was formed under Soviet rule. During the Soviet years it was one of the highly-industrialized towns of the Armenian SSR.

The Hrazdan River is by the town.

Vanadzor

Vanadzor is the third-largest city in Armenia. In 2001 there were 107,394 people. It is the capital of the Lori Province. It was named Kirovakan during the Soviet era and Karakilisa during the Tsarist period.

Much of the city's history is unknown. The history of the area possibly dates back to the Bronze Age. It was part of the Kingdom of Armenia. The town had a lot of damage from the 1988 Spitak earthquake.

Most of the people belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church. Vanadzor is the home of the Diocese of Gougark.


Kapan

Kapan is a town in the south of Armenia. It was also named Gafan and Madan. It is the capital of the Syunik Province. In 2010 there were 45,488 people. Kapan is the city with the most peoplecity in the province and southern Armenia.

Kapan is from the Armenian word "kapel" which mean "to lock". 




Ijevan

Ijevan is a city in northern Armenia. It was named Istibulagh and Karavansara. It is the capital of Tavush region. The city's current name, Ijevan means "inn" in Armenian. The former name Karavansara means "inn" in Persian. In 2009 there were 20,500 people. This made it the most populated city in the province. Ijevan has had a railway station since 1870.

Tradition says that about 2000 years ago, King Artavasdes I built a city here.

A branch of Yerevan State University is in the city.


Yeghegnadzor

Yeghegnadzor is a town in Armenia. It was named Yeghegik. Then it named Keshishkend until 1935. From 1935–1957 it was named Mikoyan. It is the capital of the Vayots Dzor province. The name of the city means "the valley of canes" in the Armenian language.

Jinki (era)

The new era name meant "Sacred tortoise".




Monarchy of Australia

The Monarchy of Australia is a form of government in which a hereditary monarch is the sovereign of Australia according to the rules of the Australian Constitution.

This means that the job of King or Queen of Australia passes down through the Royal Family. When the King or Queen dies, the job passes to their son, daughter or next in line to the throne. As monarch of Australia, they then have ceremonial and constitutional duties as part of the government of Australia. The Governor General of Australia does the work of the monarch for the national Government. State Governors do the work of the monarch for State Governments of Australia.

The British First Fleet of convict ships arrived at Sydney in 1788 and New South Wales became a Crown Colony, with King George III of England as its King. The British set up other colonies all around Australia with powerful colonial governors chosen by Britain. From the 1820s, these colonies began to get more and more self-government and from the 1850s they began to become parliamentary democracies, which kept the Kings and Queens of the United Kingdom as their Heads of State, with royal duties done by Colonial Governors who had less and less real power.

In 1901, after a vote, the British colonies of Australia decided to become one country, with a constitutional monarchy with Queen Victoria as the monarch. The Duke of Cornwall and York (later King George V) opened the first Parliament of Australia in 1901 and the Duke and Duchess of York (later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother) opened the first Parliament in Canberra in 1927.

The Balfour Declaration of 1926, changed the situation in the British Empire, so that United Kingdom and the Dominions (like Australia, Canada and New Zealand) were to be seen as equal and independent, but "united by a common allegiance to the Crown". This situation of independent monarchies was confirmed by the Statute of Westminster. The Curtin Labor Government chose Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester (the brother of King George VI), as Governor-General during the Second World War.

Queen Elizabeth II became the first reigning monarch to visit Australia in 1954, greeted by huge crowds across the nation. Her son Prince Charles went to school in Australia in 1967. Her grandson Prince Harry lived in Australia for some of his gap-year in 2003.

The Royal family was very popular for most of the 20th Century - but by the 1990s, some politicians and lots of people wanted Australia to become a republic. In 1999, the country had a referendum to become a republic, but the people chose to keep the Australian monarchy instead of changing to a republic.

At the moment, the monarch of Australia is King Charles III. He holds the title after the death of his mother, Queen Elizabeth II. The late Queen reigned as the Queen of Australia since 6 February 1952 until her death in 2022. The King is represented in Australia by the Governor-General. The Governor-General does the work of the Queen in Australia and follows the rules of the Australian Constitution. He or she is chosen by the Prime Minister and appointed by the monarch.

In each of the States of Australia, the monarch is represented by a Governor. The Governors are appointed by the King after the state premiers tell Him their choice.

The Australian monarch is also monarch of fifteen other Commonwealth countries known as Commonwealth realms: including Great Britain, New Zealand, Canada and Papua New Guinea.

The Governor General is chosen by the Prime Minister and is appointed by the monarch to act as Head of State. The Governor General cannot behave like a politician or member of a political party, but must do the work of the monarch in Australia. The Governor General does things like opening parliament, and giving out awards on Australia Day. After elections, or when a government loses or wins a majority in the Australian House of Representatives, the Governor General is the person who legally decides that the prime minister has the numbers to lead a government.

Some Governor-Generals belonged to the Royal Family and for a long time they all came from Britain, but for many years all Governor Generals have been Australians.

Australian Senate

The Senate is the upper house of the Parliament of Australia. The lower house is the House of Representatives. Senators are elected for a term that is usually six years. But some senators have three year terms. The Senate has a lot of power from the Australian Constitution.

There are currently 76 people in the Senate.

Australian House of Representatives

The House of Representatives is the lower house of the Parliament of Australia. The upper house is the Senate. Members of Parliament (MPs) serve for terms of about three years. There are 151 members. Each member represents one electorate. The number of electorates is figured out so that it is in proportion to the population of each state/territory. and so that each one has roughly the same population. This is determined by the AEC (Australian Electoral Commission).

UTC+06:30

UTC+06:30 is the timezone in places below. The time is 6.5 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.


UTC+07:00

UTC+07:00 is the timezone in places below. The time is 7 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time. This timezone is also known as Indochina Time (ICT).



It is considered the westernmost time zone in East Asia.

Although usually time zones are made based on longitude, there are some differences.



Asian time zones

Automatic rifle

Usually, an automatic rifle is a rifle that continuously fires bullet as long as the trigger is pressed. Cartridge shells are ejected and new cartridges are loaded into the chamber automatically. However, most automatic rifles are designed to give both semi- and fully automatic fire. This is called selective fire. They also rifle bullets from a magazine. These features makes them different from other automatic firearms like the machine gun and submachine gun.

Soldiers in the United States Army who carry the M249 SAW are called "automatic riflemen". The weapon is also called an "automatic rifle". However, it is a fully automatic firearm. These are normally called squad automatic weapons (SAW) or light machine guns.

An assault rifle is quite similar to an automatic rifle. However, it uses less powerful bullets than the machine gun or battle rifle. This allows the soldier using it to control the recoil of the weapon without using a bipod or something similar. Bullets like these are called "intermediate" bullets. For example, the AK-47 assault rifle often uses a 7.62x39mm bullet. The bullet is the same diameter. However, it is smaller and less powerful compared to the 7.62x54mmR. The 7.62x54mmR was what was being used with rifles when the AK-47 was brought in to service.

The very first automatic rifle was the Mexican Mondragón rifle. It was designed by General Manuel Mondragón. He began working on the weapon in 1882. He patented it in 1887. In the 20th century, automatic rifles go back to World War I. This is where the Browning Automatic Rifle (B.A.R.) and Huot were first used. They were supposed to be used like light machine guns to help soldiers attack. However, only the Mondragón rifle and the B.A.R. were used in World War I.



UTC+06:00

UTC+06:00 is the timezone in places below. The time is 6 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.


UTC+11:30

UTC+11:30 is the timezone in places below. The time is 11.5 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time. This time zone was used in Norfolk Island until October 4, 2015.


Telephone numbers in Australia

Country Code: +61<br>
International Call Prefix: 0011<br>
Trunk Prefix: 0

The Australian telephone numbering plan is how phone numbers work in Australia. It has changed many times. The most recent major change was between 1994 and 1998.

Australia is divided geographically into four large area codes. The standard telephone number in Australia has ten digits. The first digit is '0'.

The first digits are for the type of service. The following list is a high level of numbering plan presented in domestic format. Geographical region boundaries do not exactly follow state borders.



000 is the emergency telephone number in Australia.

1910 in music

This list is about 1910 in music.









The Kingdom (Elgar)

The Kingdom, Op. 51, is an oratorio for soloists, chorus and orchestra composed by Edward Elgar.

It was first performed at the Birmingham Music Festival on 3 October 1906, with the orchestra conducted by the composer, and soloists Agnes Nicholls, Muriel Foster, John Coates and William Higley.

Elgar thought for a long time about the idea of writing an oratorio about the apostles. He decided in the end to write not just one, but three oratorios (a “trilogy”). The first one was to be about the apostles being called to follow Jesus. This one was called "The Apostles" and was composed and performed in 1903. The second one was to be about the apostles being persecuted. This one, first performed in 1906, was given the title The Kingdom. The third one was going to be about the Last Judgement. Elgar never got round to composing it, although he thought about it as late as the 1920s.

Elgar prepared the words of "The Kingdom" himself. He describes events from the Acts of the Apostles, and he also put in lines from the Gospels, the Old Testament and the Apocrypha.

A lot of the music is calm and thoughtful rather than dramatic. If Elgar had completed all three oratorios, "The Kingdom" would have been the middle one: quiet and relective between two more dramatic ones. As in "The Apostles" , Elgar used the idea of the Leitmotif. This is something that Richard Wagner had developed in his operas: the technique of having short tunes (motifs) which represent particular characters or events in the story.

The oratorio is divided into a prelude which is played by the orchestra, and five parts.

"The Kingdom" is written for a large orchestra. There is a double chorus (the choir split into 8 parts) with semichorus, and four soloists who represent The Blessed Virgin (soprano), Mary Magdalene (contralto), St John (tenor), and St Peter (bass).

In the orchestral prelude we first hear tunes (motives) which we heard in "The Apostles". There are motifs which represent Jesus’ sadness, and one for Peter, another one representing the new faith, Christ the Redeemer and the prelude ends by hearing these last two at the same time.

Part I is about the Apostles and Holy Women meeting after Christ’s Ascension. Matthew is chosen to take Judas’ place.

Part II is quite short. Mary (Christ’s mother) and Mary Magdalene are talking about a lame man and remembering how Jesus healed the blind and the lame.

Part III is about the Pentecost. This is when the Holy Spirit came down and gave the apostles the ability to speak all languages so that they could tell everybody in the world about Jesus. Peter tells everybody that they should be baptised in the Name of the Lord.

Part IV John sings a big duet with Peter. They preach to the crowd about Jesus’s resurrection, so they get arrested. After their arrest Mary prays for the two men (this is not in the Bible, it was Elgar’s idea).

Part V The opening chorus is heard in a different form. The Apostles and Holy Women take communion and sing the Lord's Prayer. Christ the Redeemer appears, and the work finishes with the theme of the new faith. The music does not end in a loud burst of glory, but quietly and peacefully.



Broadheath, Worcestershire

Broadheath with Lower Broadheath is a civil parish officially known as "Lower Broadheath", in the Malvern Hills district of Worcestershire, England. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 1,713. The parish also includes Upper Broadheath, which is about 3 miles north-west of Worcester.

There are many housing estates in the village.

The village has a village hall, church, post office and shop, a village green with a football pitch, running track and many children's play areas. There is a large village common. There is also a primary school (Broadheath C.E. Primary School). The school has about 150 children, from the age of four up to eleven. There are also three pubs in the village.

Broadheath is the birthplace of the English composer Edward Elgar.


Statute of Westminster 1931

The Statute of Westminster 1931 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was passed on 11 December 1931. The Act gave equality to the self-governing dominions of the British Empire. It is still law in each of the Commonwealth realms.

The Statute is important because it gave legislative freedom to these countries. Its current relevance is that it sets the basis for the continuing relationship between the Commonwealth realms and the Crown.

Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942

The Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942 is an Act of the Australian Parliament. They formally accepted the Statute of Westminster 1931. It happened on 9 October 1942.

The Act is more important for its symbolic value than for the legal effect of its provisions. Australia was becoming more independent from the United Kingdom. This Statute showed the independence to the world.

Australia Act 1986

The Australia Act 1986 is the name of a pair of separate but related pieces of legislation. One was an Act of the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia. The other was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. These nearly identical Acts were passed by the two parliaments because no one knew which one had the power to do so.

The "Australia Act" ended the possibility for the UK to make laws for Australia. Also the UK could not be involved in Australian government. And no one could appeal from any Australian court to a British court.

Botany Bay

Botany Bay is a bay in Sydney, New South Wales. It is a few kilometres south of the Sydney central business district. The Cooks River and the Georges River are the two major tributaries that flow into the bay. Two runways of Sydney Airport extend into the bay.

On 29 April 1770, Botany Bay was the site of James Cook's first landing of HMS "Endeavour" on the continent of Australia. Later the British planned Botany Bay as the site for a penal colony. Out of these plans came the first European to live in Australia at Sydney Cove.

Aboriginal lived in this area dating back 5,000 years. The Aboriginal people of Sydney were known as the Eora.

Even though it is a busy port, there are many types of marine life. The area around its entrance is some of the best scuba diving in the Sydney area. The world's largest population of weedy sea dragon found was on the southern side.

Corroboree

A corroboree is a ceremonial meeting of Aboriginal Australians. The word was made by the European settlers of Australia. It was an imitation of the Eora word "caribberie". At a corroboree, Aborigines interact with the Dreamtime through dance, music and costume. Many ceremonies act out events from the Dreamtime. Many of the ceremonies are sacred. People from outside a community cannot participate or watch.

Andrew Luck

Andrew Austen Luck (born September 12, 1989) is an Former American football quarterback who played for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Stanford University. He was also the first person taken in the 2012 NFL Draft by the Colts.

Blue Mountains

Blue Mountains may mean:



Robert Griffin III

Robert Lee Griffin III (born February 12, 1990), nicknamed RG3, is an American football quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Baylor University, and won the 2011 Heisman Trophy for being the best college player that year. He was the second person taken by the Washington Redskins with the second pick of the 2012 NFL Draft. Later in 2016 he was traded to the Cleveland Browns. He spent three years backing up Lamar Jackson for the Baltimore Ravens. Currently he is employed by ESPN covering NCAA and NFL games.

Blue Mountains (New South Wales)

The Blue Mountains is a region in New South Wales, Australia. The foothills start about west of the state capital, Sydney. The area begins on the west side of the Nepean River. It goes west as far as Coxs River. The Blue Mountains is an Australian natural wonder and World Heritage-listed area.

It is mainly a sandstone plateau. The highest point of the range is Mount Werong. It is above sea level. A large part of the Blue Mountains is in the Greater Blue Mountains Area World Heritage Site. The area has seven national park areas and a conservation reserve.

The Blue Mountains area includes the local government areas of the City of Blue Mountains, the City of Hawkesbury, the City of Lithgow and Oberon.

The Greater Blue Mountains Area has over 400 different forms of animals. Among them are rare mammal species like Spotted-tailed Quoll, the Koala, the yellow-bellied Glider, and Long-nosed Potoroo. There are also some rare reptiles, like the Blue Mountain Water Skink. There are also some dingos in the area. They are the top predators and hunt for grey kangaroos.

Watchdog

A watchog or watch dog can have several meanings:

Gregory Blaxland

Gregory Blaxland (17 June 1778 – 1 January 1853) was a pioneer farmer and explorer in Australia.

Gregory Blaxland was born 17 June 1778 at Fordwich, Kent, England. He was the fourth son of John Blaxland, mayor from 1767 to 1774. His mother was Mary, daughter of Captain Parker, R.N. Gregory attended The King's School, Canterbury. In July 1799 he married Elizabeth, daughter of John Spurdon. They had five sons and two daughters.

The Blaxlands were friends of Sir Joseph Banks. Banks influenced Gregory and his older brother, John, to move from England. The government promised them land, convict servants and free passages. Gregory sailed in the William Pitt on 1 September 1805 with his wife, three children, two servants, an overseer, a few sheep, seed, bees, tools, groceries and clothing. When he reached Sydney he sold many of these goods for a good amount of money. He bought eighty head of cattle. 

In 1813, he led the first known European trip across the Blue Mountains. He went along with William Lawson and William Charles Wentworth. Their trip opened up the inland of the continent.

Blaxland visited England and in February 1823 he published his "Journal Of A Tour Of Discovery Across The Blue Mountains". Later the same year Blaxland was awarded the silver medal of the Royal Society of Arts for some wine he had sent to London. Five years later he got the gold medal. In January 1827 Blaxland was elected by a public meeting with two others to ask Governor Darling for "Trial by jury" and "Taxation by Representation" for the colony.

Blaxland is noted as one of the first settlers to plant grapes for wine-making purposes. 

He died by his own hand in 1 January 1853 in New South Wales. He is buried in All Saints Cemetery in Parramatta.

The township of Blaxland in the Blue Mountains is named after him. So is the Division of Blaxland.

In 1963 he was honoured, together with Lawson and Wentworth, on a postage stamp issued by Australia Post showing the Blue Mountains crossing.

Romeo Smith has a boat on Home and away called the Blaxland.

Watchdog timer

A watchdog timer is a component of an electronic system that makes sure the system is operating properly. These components can either be done as a piece of hardware or as software. Depending on the intended use, they either signal that a system is not working properly, or they make a system work properly again. A watchdog timer may cause a system to reset itself to its initial state.

William Lawson

William Lawson may mean:

William Lawson (explorer)

William Lawson (2 June 1774 – 16 June 1850) was an explorer of New South Wales, Australia. He helped discover a passage inland through the Blue Mountains from Sydney.

Lawson was born in Finchley, Middlesex, England. He is the son of Scottish parents. Lawson came to Sydney as an ensign with the New South Wales Corps in November 1800. He was soon posted to Norfolk Island.

After 1808, Lawson was appointed aide-de-camp to George Johnston. He was given 500 acres (2 km²) at Prospect. He built a 40-room mansion there.

In 1813 Lawson, with Gregory Blaxland and William Wentworth, led a trip west from Sydney to cross the Blue Mountains. 

They left on 11 May 1813 with four servants, five dogs and four horses. The route they travelled is still the one used by travellers today. On 31 May 1813 they reached Mount Blaxland and could see the plains to the west. 

Lawson was rewarded with a grant of 1,000 acres (4 km²) of land. He ended up one of the largest land-holders in Australia. He was made a magistrate and was appointed commandant at Newcastle. 

In 1819 Governor Lachlan Macquarie made a new settlement, Bathurst. He made Lawson commander of the Bathurst settlement. Lawson had this job until 1823. From Bathurst, Lawson explored as far north as Mudgee. 

After leaving the army, Lawson was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1843 to 1848. He died at Veteran Hall on 16 June 1850. The town of Lawson in the Blue Mountains is named for him.

In 1963 Lawson was honoured, together with Blaxland and Wentworth, on a postage stamp issued by Australia Post showing the Blue Mountains crossing. 

William Wentworth

William Charles Wentworth (13 August 1790 – 20 March 1872) was an Australian poet, explorer, journalist and politician. He was one of the leading figures of early colonial New South Wales. He was the first native-born Australian to get a reputation overseas. He wanted self-government for the Australian colonies.

In 1796 Wentworth arrived in Sydney. It was then a poor prison settlement. The family lived at Parramatta. His father became a prosperous landowner. In 1802 he was sent to England. He went to a school in London. He returned to Sydney in 1810. He was appointed acting Provost-Marshall by Governor Lachlan Macquarie. He was given a land grant of on the Nepean River.

On 15 October 1810, at Hyde Park, Wentworth won the first official horse races on Australian soil.

In 1813 Wentworth, along with Gregory Blaxland and William Lawson, led the trip which found a route across the Blue Mountains. The town of Wentworth Falls in the Blue Mountains is named for him. As a reward he was given another .

Wentworth returned to England in 1816. There he was admitted to the bar, travelled in Europe, and studied at Cambridge University.

In 1819 Wentworth published the first book written by an Australian: "A Statistical, Historical, and Political Description of the Colony of New South Wales and Its Dependent Settlements in Van Diemen's Land, With a Particular Enumeration of the Advantages Which These Colonies Offer for Emigration and Their Superiority in Many Respects Over Those Possessed by the United States of America". He said there should be an elected assembly for New South Wales, trial by jury and settlement of Australia by free emigrants rather than convicts.

Wentworth successfully completed his legal studies by 1822 and was called to the bar. In 1823 he was admitted to Peterhouse, Cambridge. That year he also published an epic poem "Australasia", which contains lines now famous in Australia:

Wentworth returned to Sydney in 1824. He was joined by Robert Wardell. His father died in 1827 and William inherited his property. This made him one of the wealthiest men in the colony.

Wentworth became Vice-President of the Australian Patriotic Association and founded a newspaper, "The Australian". It was the colony's first privately owned paper.

He was elected to the Council in 1843 and soon became the leader of the conservative party. He was against the liberals led by Charles Cowper. In 1853 Wentworth chaired the committee to draft a new constitution for New South Wales. In 1856 Wentworth retired from the Council and settled in England.

He died in England, but at his request his body was returned to Sydney for burial.

The towns of Wentworth and Wentworth Falls, the federal Division of Wentworth, an electorate in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs, the Wentworth Falls waterfall, and Wentworth Avenue which runs through the suburb of Kingston in Canberra, were named after him.

In 1963 he was honoured, together with Blaxland and Lawson, on a postage stamp issued by Australia Post showing the Blue Mountains crossing. Another stamp was issued again in 1974 on the anniversary of the first newspaper publication.

The Wentworth Building, where University of Sydney Union resides, was named after William Wentworth.


Battleship

A battleship is a kind of large warship. It has metal armour and has large (heavy caliber) guns. Battleships are larger, better armed and armored than cruisers and destroyers. Battleships were mainly around from about 1880 to the 1940s, though some were still used as late as the Gulf War in 1991. For most of this time, battleships were the most powerful and most expensive kind of warship. Today some battleships are still around but these are museums.

In the 19th century, different countries tried to build bigger and better warships. One of the first ships with iron armor was called "Gloire", from 1859. This ship had both sails and a steam engine which drove a propellor, as well as guns the fired explosive shells. This was a kind of ship called an ironclad. A few years later, ironclads were used in the American Civil War.

Britain and France kept trying to build warships that were better than each other. Later in the 19th century other countries like Germany, Russia, Japan, Italy and the United States also built many battleships. Different countries used new inventions to make their ships more powerful, with things like steel armour, rifled guns, and better kinds of steam engine. By around 1890 people started to call their best ships 'battleships' instead of 'ironclads'. Many people, including many Admirals and politicians, thought battleships were very important. If there was a war, the country with the best battleships would win, by sinking the other side's navy and stopping them bringing food and goods into their country (called a blockade). But battleships were also very expensive, and other people thought it was better to spend the money on a better army, or things like pensions for old people. 

In 1906, Britain made a new kind of battleship called HMS Dreadnought. Though this ship was not much bigger, it had steam turbine engines which made it faster. All of its guns were also very large, which meant it could damage other battleships more from further away. People claimed one ship like Dreadnought could beat two earlier battleships, even battleships made just a few years before. Soon many countries were building ships like this, and calling them 'Dreadnoughts'.

Many battleships were used in the First World War. However, battleships were so important and expensive that neither side wanted to take a chance of losing a battle with them. There were several battles with battleships. The biggest one was the Battle of Jutland which involved dozens of battleships and hundreds of smaller ships. But none of the battles made much difference. Submarines made a bigger difference to the war, even though less people had expected them to. At the end of the War, Germany was made to hand over all their battleships to Britain. However, the German navy sank ("scuttled") their own battleships rather than give them to the British. In 1922, most countries which had big navies signed a treaty called the Washington Naval Treaty which meant no-one would build new battleships for at least 10 years.

Battleships were also important at the start of World War II. But by the middle of World War II, battleships had become less important than aircraft carriers. Aircraft carriers had dozens of airplanes which could drop bombs or torpedos. Even though battleships had thicker armour than ever, several hits from bombs or torpedos would still sink a battleship. The planes could fly much further than a battleship's guns could shoot. There were some important battles between battleships in World War II, but more often battleships were less important than aircraft carriers. At battles like the Battle of Taranto and the Battle of Pearl Harbour many battleships were sunk by planes.

After World War II there was not much point to a battleship. Aircraft carriers had become even better, because of jet aircraft and missiles. Also, even a heavily armored battleship could be sunk by a nuclear bomb. Even so the United States Navy kept a few battleships during the Cold War. The very big guns on a battleship were still useful to shoot at shore targets if there was an invasion from the sea. American battleships were also given new weapons like guided missiles to make them more useful if there was a war with Russia. However, only the United States could afford to keep battleships like this. No-one else did. Some American battleships shot at Iraq in the Gulf War. This was the last time when any battleships fought. The United States kept battleships until 2004, when the last ones were made into museums. 

Jōgen

Jōgen may refer to:


Ray Guy

William Ray Guy (December 22, 1949 – November 3, 2022) is a retired American football punter for the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders. Coming from the University of Southern Mississippi, he was the only pure punter ever to be selected in the first round of the NFL Draft when the Oakland Raiders selected him in 1973. He won three Super Bowls with the Oakland Raiders also.

On August 2, 2014, Guy was inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame and became the second pure kicker (after Jan Stenerud) and the first pure punter to be inducted.


Punt

In some rules of football, a punt is a play in which a player drops the ball and kicks it before it touches the ground. A punt is in contrast to a drop kick, in which the ball touches the ground before being kicked.

In American and Canadian football, the ball is kicked downfield to the opposing team, usually on the final down, with the hope of giving the receiving team a field position that is more helpful to the kicking team when possession changes.

Drop kick

A drop kick is a type of kick in various rules of football. It involves a player dropping the ball and then kicking it when it bounces off the ground. It contrasts to a punt, wherein the player kicks the ball without letting it hit the ground first.

Single (baseball)

A single is when the batter safely reaches first base by hitting a fair ball and getting to first base before a fielder puts him out. As an exception, a batter-runner reaching first base safely is not credited with a single when an infielder attempts to put out another runner on the first play; this is one type of a fielder's choice. Also, a batter-runner reaching first base on a play due to a fielder's error trying to put him out at first base or another runner out (as a fielder's choice) is not credited with a single.



Fair ball

In baseball, a fair ball is a batted ball that gives the batter to attempt to reach first base. In order for a batted ball to be fair, it must be hit in such a way that it:


Error (baseball)

In baseball statistics, an error, abbreviated E and then the defensive positional designation, is the act, in the judgment of the official scorer, of a fielder misplaying a ball in a manner that allows a batter or baserunner to reach one or more additional bases, when such an advance would have been prevented given ordinary effort by the fielder.

An error does not count as a hit but still counts as an at bat for the batter unless, in the scorer's judgment, the batter would have reached first base safely but one or more of the additional base(s) reached was the result of the fielder's mistake. In that case, the play will be scored both as a hit (for the number of bases the fielders should have limited the batter to) "and" an error. However, if a batter is judged to have reached base solely because of a fielder's mistake, it is scored as a "hit on error," and treated the same as if a batter was put out, which would lower his batting average.

Similarly, a batter does not receive credit for an RBI when runs score on an error, unless the scorer rules that a run would have scored even if the fielder had not made a mistake. For example, if a batter hits a ball to the outfield for what should be a sacrifice fly and the outfielder drops the ball for an error, the batter will still receive credit for the sacrifice fly and the run batted in.

If a play should have resulted in a fielder's choice with a runner being put out and the batter reaching base safely but the runner is safe due to an error, the play will be scored as a fielder's choice, with no hit being awarded to the batter and an error charged against the fielder.

Passed balls and wild pitches are separate statistical categories and are not scored as errors.

Official scorer

In the game of baseball, the official scorer is a person appointed by the league to record the events on the field, and to send the official scoring record of the game back to the league offices. In addition to recording the events on the field such as the outcome of each plate appearance and the circumstances of any baserunner's advance around the bases, the official scorer is also charged with making judgment calls that do not affect the progress or outcome of the game. Judgment calls are primarily made about errors, unearned runs, fielder's choice, the value of hits in certain situations, and wild pitches, all of which are included in the record compiled. This record is used to compile statistics for each player and team. A box score is a summary of the official scorer's game record.

Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo

Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo is an American ballet company of men who dance in drag. The company makes fun of romantic and classical ballet. Peter Anastos, Natch Taylor, and Antony Bassae co-founded the "Trocks" in 1974 in New York City. The company danced in small shows late at night in places on off-off Broadway. Their first show was on September 9, 1974. The artistic director in 2011 is Tory Dobrin. The public's attention was directed to the company when Arlene Croce reviewed the "Trocks" in "The New Yorker". The "Trocks" have danced in many large cities worldwide. In 2008 the company danced for Prince Charles at the Royal Variety Performance.



New South Wales Legislative Council

The New South Wales Legislative Council is the upper house of the parliament of New South Wales in Australia. The lower house is the Legislative Assembly. Both sit at Parliament House in the state capital, Sydney. The Council has 42 members. Each member serves an eight-year term. Half of the members are elected every four years.

Busby Berkeley

Busby Berkeley (29 November 1895 – 14 March 1976) was a Hollywood movie director and movie musical choreographer. He was famous for musical production numbers involving complex geometric patterns and armies of chorus girls and boys. His famous movies include several Mickey Rooney / Judy Garland "let's put on a show" musicals and the Great Depression musicals "42nd Street", "Footlight Parade", "Gold Diggers of 1933", and "Fashions of 1934".


Parliament of South Australia

The Parliament of South Australia is the legislature of the Australian state of South Australia. It has the Legislative Council and the House of Assembly. It follows a Westminster system of parliamentary government. 

The Parliament is elected by all citizens who are 18 or older at the time of an election.

The House of Assembly (lower house) has 47 members. The Legislative Council (upper house) has 22 councillors (MLCs).

ANZAC Day

Anzac Day is a day that happens once a year in Australia and New Zealand. It is celebrated by both countries on 25th April every year. It was to commemorate (honour) the members of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC) who fought at Gallipoli in the Ottoman Empire during World War I. Now though, it celebrates all "who served and died in all wars, conflicts, and peacekeeping operations" and "the contribution and suffering of all those who have served." 

Anzac Day is also observed in the Cook Islands, Niue, Pitcairn, and Tonga. In the past, it was a national holiday in Papua New Guinea or Samoa.

Tom Roberts

Thomas William "Tom" Roberts (9 March 1856 – 14 September 1931) was an Anglo-Australian artist. He was an important member of the Heidelberg School.

Roberts parents were newspaper editors. The family moved to Australia in 1869. They lived in Collingwood. He worked as a photographer's assistant through the 1870s. He studied art at night under Louis Buvelot. He became friends with Frederick McCubbin. He returned to England for three years of full-time art study at the Royal Academy Schools from 1881 to 1884.

Through the 1880s and 1890s he worked in Victoria. He married 35 year old Elizabeth (Lillie) Williamson in 1896. They had a son, Caleb. Many of his most famous paintings come from this period. 

He spent World War I in England helping at a hospital. In Australia, he built a house at Kallista, near Melbourne. This was a happy period in Roberts' life.

Elizabeth died in January 1928. Tom remarried, to Jean Boyes, in August 1928. He died in 1931 of cancer in Kallista near Melbourne. He is buried near near Longford, Tasmania.

Roberts painted a lot of fine oil landscapes and portraits. His most famous works, in his time, were two large works, "Shearing the Rams" and "The Big Picture". Roberts had a theme of showing country people working. Many examples of Roberts' work can be seen at the National Gallery of Australia. "The Big Picture" is at Parliament House, Canberra.


Snowy Mountains Scheme

The Snowy Mountains scheme is a hydroelectricity and irrigation system in south-east Australia. It has sixteen major dams; seven power stations; a pumping station; and 225 kilometres of tunnels, pipelines and aqueducts. It was built between 1949 and 1974. The Chief engineer was Sir William Hudson. It is the largest engineering project in Australia.

Australian cinema

Cinema of Australia means the system of production, distribution, and showing of movies in Australia. Making movies in Australia started in 1906. "The Story of the Kelly Gang" was the earliest feature movie ever made. Since then, many movies have been made in Australia. Many have got international praise. Many actors and moviemakers started their careers in Australian movies. 

Commercially successful Australian movies have included Paul Hogan's "Crocodile Dundee", Baz Luhrmann's "Moulin Rouge!" and Chris Noonan's "Babe". Other award winning productions include "Picnic at Hanging Rock", "Gallipoli", "The Tracker", "Shine" and "Ten Canoes". Famous Australian trained actors include Errol Flynn, Peter Finch, Rod Taylor, Mel Gibson, Nicole Kidman, Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Cate Blanchett and Heath Ledger.

The Australian movie history has been called 'boom and bust'. This is because at times there are very few movies made and other times many movies are made.

Holly Hunter

Holly Hunter (born 20 March 1958) is an American actress. She was born in Conyers, Georgia. Hunter starred in "The Piano" for which she won the Academy Award, BAFTA and Golden Globe Award.

Hunter was also nominated for Oscars for her roles in "Broadcast News", "The Firm", and "Thirteen". She has won two Emmy Awards. 

Hunter has acted in many other movies. They include "Copycat", "Living Out Loud", "O Brother, Where Art Thou?", "Home for the Holidays", "The Incredibles", "Thirteen", and "".

Hunter's most outstanding television series was for the drama series "Saving Grace (TV series)", for which she won the Grace Allen Award, and was nominated for seven other awards.

Music of Australia

The music of Australia is the music made in the area of, on the subject of, or by the people of modern Australia. This includes its earlier Indigenous and colonial societies. Indigenous Australian music is a part of a 40–60,000 year history which made the didgeridoo. Combinations of Indigenous and Western styles show Australian additions to world music. Some people who do this are Yothu Yindi, Christine Anu and Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu. During its early western history, Australia was made of many British colonies. Australian folk music and bush ballads such as Waltzing Matilda were influenced by Anglo-Celtic culture. Classical forms came from those of Europe. Current Australian music covers many trends. They are often similar to those of the US, the UK, and similar nations. There are oftem similarities in the Australian rock and Australian country music genres.

Notable Australian musicians include: the opera singers Dame Nellie Melba and Dame Joan Sutherland; country music stars Slim Dusty (Australia's biggest selling domestic artist) and John Williamson; solo artists John Farnham and Olivia Newton-John, folk-rocker Paul Kelly; Dance group The Avalanches; jazz guitarist Tommy Emmanuel; pioneer rocker Johnny O'Keefe, global folk-rock band The Seekers, global rock and pop bands Men At Work, The EasyBeats, Bee Gees, Air Supply, Crowded House, AC/DC, INXS, Little River Band, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Midnight Oil, Dragon, Silverchair, Youth Group, You Am I and Powderfinger; the "pop princess" Kylie Minogue, Pendulum, Pop Rock duo Savage Garden and alternative music stars the John Butler Trio and Xavier Rudd. Other popular artists and groups include The Choirboys, Chantoozies, Cheetah, Sharon O'Neill, Marc Williams, Peter Andre, Goanna, Australian Crawl, Rose Tattoo, Colleen Hewett, Keith Urban, The Angels, Ted Mullry Gang, Hush, The Mixtures, Helen Reddy, and Diana Trask.

Australian literature

Australian literature is the written or literary work made in the area or by the people of Australia and its preceding colonies. During its early western history, Australia was many British colonies. Therefore, its literary tradition is linked with English literature. Since 1788, the character of a new continent came into the literature. Themes included Aboriginality, "mateship", egalitarianism, democracy, migrant and national identity, distance from other Western nations and proximity to Asia, the complexities of urban living and the "beauty and the terror" of life in the Australian bush.

Notable Australian writers have included the novelists Marcus Clarke, Miles Franklin, Patrick White, Thomas Keneally, Morris West and Colleen McCullough, the bush poets Henry Lawson and Banjo Paterson, historians Manning Clark and Geoffrey Blainey, the playwright David Williamson and leading expatriate writers Barry Humphries, Robert Hughes, Clive James and Germaine Greer.

483

Year 483 (CDLXXXIII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






874

Year 874 (DCCCLXXIV) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.






501

Year 501 (DI) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 






515

515 (DXV) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 




497

497 (CDXCVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. 







549

549 (DXLIX) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.






623

Year 623 (DCXXIII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 




548

548 (DXLVIII) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. 





547

547 (DXLVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.





875

Year 875 (DCCCLXXV) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar.






963

963 was a common year.




1004

Year 1004 (MIV) was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar.






1060

Year 1060 (MLX) was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar.



1055

Year 1055 (MLV) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.







870

870 (DCCCLXX) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.





1011

Year 1011 (MXI) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.






Maggie Grace

Maggie Grace (born Margaret Grace Denig; September 21, 1983) is an American actress, best known for her roles as Shannon Rutherford on the ABC television series "Lost" and Kim Mills in the "Taken" trilogy. She has also appeared on "The Twilight Saga" as "Irina". Originally from Worthington, Ohio, she went on to earn a Young Artist Award nomination in 2002 with her portrayal of 15-year-old murder victim Martha Moxley in the television movie "Murder in Greenwich". In 2004, Grace was cast as Shannon Rutherford in the television series "Lost", on which she was a main cast member for the first two seasons, winning a Screen Actors Guild Award shared with the ensemble cast. Leaving the series, Grace was keen to work more prominently in film, she appeared in "The Jane Austen Book Club" (both 2007), and opposite Liam Neeson as Kim Mills in "Taken" in 2008. She reprised the role in "Taken 2" (2012) and "Taken 3" (2015).

She also played the lead role, Alice, in "Malice in Wonderland", a modern take on Lewis Carroll's novel "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland". Grace reprised the role of Shannon in two more episodes of "Lost", including the series finale. In 2013, she appears in the sixth season of "Californication". She portrays Faith, a groupie and a muse to the stars, who captures the eye of Hank Moody played by David Duchovny.

Jōgen (Heian period)




Serge Ibaka

Serge Ibaka (born 18 September 1989) is a NBA player born in Republic of the Congo and a naturalized citizen of Spain. Ibaka plays for the Milwaukee Bucks. Before that he has played for the Los Angeles Clippers,Toronto Raptors and Oklahoma City Thunder. He plays at the forward position.


Peja Stojaković

Predrag Stojaković (, ; born 9 June 1977), known by his nickname Peja, is a Serbian retired professional basketball player. He played a career total of 13 years in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Sacramento Kings, Indiana Pacers, New Orleans Hornets, Toronto Raptors, and Dallas Mavericks. He has also played for the Red Star Belgrade of the YUBA Liga and with PAOK of the Greek Basket League (GBL).

He is a one-time NBA Champion, winning the Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy with the Mavericks in 2011.

On 19 December 2011, Stojaković announced that he was retiring from playing professional basketball. He said that ongoing back and neck problems had affected his play later in his career.


Vanna White

Vanna White (born Vanna Marie Rosich; February 18, 1957) is an American actress from North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. She co-hosts the television game show "Wheel of Fortune" with Pat Sajak. 

White married restaurant owner George San Pietro in December 1990. They divorced in November 2002. White has two children, a son born in 1994 and a daughter born in 1997.

Peter Carey

Peter Carey may mean:


Colleen McCullough

Colleen Margaretta McCullough (; married name Robinson, previously Ion-Robinson; 1 June 193729 January 2015) was an Australian author. She was famous world-wide.

McCullough was born in 1937. Her parents were James and Laurie McCullough. Her mother was a New Zealander of part-Māori descent. During her childhood, her family moved many times. She read a lot. She attended Holy Cross College.

McCullough earned a living as a teacher, librarian, and journalist. In her first year of medical studies at the University of Sydney she suffered dermatitis. She was told not to be a medical doctor. Instead, she switched to neuroscience and worked in Royal North Shore Hospital in Sydney.

In 1963, McCullough moved to the United Kingdom for four years. At Great Ormond Street Hospital in London, she met the chairman of the neurology department at Yale University. He offered her a research associate job at Yale. McCullough spent ten years from April 1967 to 1976 researching and teaching in the Department of Neurology at the Yale Medical School in New Haven, Connecticut, United States. It was while at Yale that she wrote her first two books.

Because these books were successful, McCullough stopped being a doctor. In the late 1970s, she lived in London and Connecticut, USA. She finally picked Norfolk Island in the Pacific. There she met her husband, Ric Robinson (then 33 years old). They married on 13 April 1983 (she was 46 years old).

In 1984 a portrait of McCullough, painted by Wesley Walters, was a finalist in the Archibald Prize. The prize is for the "best portrait painting preferentially of some man or woman distinguished in Art, Letters, Science or Politics".

McCullough did a lot of historical research for the novels on ancient Rome. This led to her getting a Doctor of Letters degree by Macquarie University in 1993.

McCullough was a member of the New York Academy of Sciences. She was a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. She now lives in Sydney.

Some people did not like McCullough's 2008 novel "The Independence of Miss Mary Bennett". She changed some of the characters in Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice".

McCullough died on 29 January 2015 at the age of 77 on Norfolk Island from renal failure.







Patrick White

Patrick Victor Martindale White (28 May 1912 – 30 September 1990), was an Australian author. He is an important English-language novelist of the 20th century. From 1935 until his death, he published 12 novels, two short-story collections and eight plays.

White's fiction uses humour, ornate prose, shifting narrative vantage points and a stream of consciousness technique. In 1973, he got the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was the only Australian citizen with the prize until the South African-born J. M. Coetzee became an Australian citizen in 2006. His novel "The Vivisector" was close to winning the Lost Man Booker Prize in 2010.

White was made Australian of the Year for 1974.

Patrick White and Christina Stead are widely called the most important Australian novelists of the 20th century. 



Screenplay


Slim Dusty

David Gordon "Slim Dusty " Kirkpatrick AO, MBE (13 June 1927 – 19 September 2003) was an Australian country music singer-songwriter and producer. He performed for nearly 70 years. Australian poets Henry Lawson and Banjo Patterson influenced his songs. Many of his songs were about Australian bush life or trucking. Dusty was the first Australian to have a number one hit song. The song was "Pub With No Beer", written by Gordon Parsons. He has 37 Golden Guitar and two ARIA awards. He is in the ARIA Hall of Fame and the Country Music Roll of Renown. At the time of his death at the age of 76, Dusty was working on his 106th album for EMI Records. In 2007 he sold more than seven million recordings in Australia.

Slim Dusty was Australia's most successful and prolific musical artist. He had more Gold and Platinum albums than any other Australian artist. Slim Dusty was also:


Indigenous Australian music

Australian indigenous music includes the music of Australian Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders. They are all called Indigenous Australians. It includes a variety of distinctive traditional music styles practiced by Indigenous Australian people. It also has a range of contemporary musical styles of and fusion with European traditions. Music has formed an strong part of the social, cultural and ceremonial observances of these peoples. This is true both in the far past and the present day. There are performance and musical instrumentation which are unique to particular regions or Indigenous Australian groups. There are some musical traditions which are common through much of the Australian continent, and even beyond. The culture of the Torres Strait Islanders is part of New Guinea. 

In addition to these traditions, there has been an influence from the 18th century European colonisation. Likewise non-indigenous artists and performers have used and sampled indigenous Australian styles and instruments in their works. Contemporary musical styles such as rock and roll, country, rap and reggae have all featured a variety of notable Indigenous Australian performers.

A didgeridoo is a type of musical instrument. It is one of the oldest instruments to date. It has a long tube, without finger holes, through which the player blows. It is sometimes fitted with a mouthpiece of beeswax. Didgeridoos are usually made of eucalyptus, but new materials such as PVC piping can be used. 

A clapstick is a type of musical instrument that is in the category of percussion. Unlike drumsticks, which are generally used to strike a drum, clapsticks are for striking one stick on another.

Bunggul is a style of music that came into being around the Mann River. It is known for its intense lyrics. They are often stories of epic journeys. They continue, or repeat, unaccompanied after the music has stopped.

A particular clan in Aboriginal culture may share songs. Songs are about clan or family history. They are often updated to take into account popular movies and music, controversies and social relationships.

Songlines are about Dreamtime. They have oral lore and storytelling in a series of song cycles. These songs often describe how the features of the land were made and named during the Dreamtime. By singing the songs in the right order, indigenous Australians could travel vast distances. 

A mourning lament recorded in a number of places in central and northern Australia and among the Torres Strait Islanders.

The Krill Krill song cycle is new music from east Kimberley. A man named Rover Thomas discovered the ceremony in 1974. This was after a woman to whom he was spiritually related was killed. Thomas says he was visited by her spirit and she gave him the ceremony. In addition to the music, Thomas and others, including Hector Jandany and Queenie McKenzie, made a famous style of painting to go with the ceremony.

Kun-borrk was started around the Adelaide, Mann and Rose Rivers. It has a didgeridoo start and then percussion and vocals. The vocal often include words.

Wangga started near the South Alligator River. It has a very high note to start the song. This joined by rhythmic percussion. It is followed by a sudden shift to a low tone.

A number of Indigenous Australians have had mainstream success, such as Jimmy Little, Yothu Yindi, Troy Cassar-Daley and NoKTuRNL. Indigenous music has also had broad exposure through the world music movement. Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu had international success singing contemporary music in English and in the language of the Yolngu.

Torres Strait Islander musicians include Christine Anu and Seaman Dan.

Skippy the Bush Kangaroo

Skippy the Bush Kangaroo was an Australian television series for children. It was created by John McCallum. It was made from 1966–1968. The show tells the adventures of a young boy and his intelligent pet kangaroo. It happens in the (fictional) Waratah National Park in Duffys Forest, near Sydney, New South Wales.

Ninety-one 30-minute episodes were made over the three seasons of production. At the time of first screening, Australian television was still in black and white. The show was filmed in colour to get more international sales, especially in the United States and Canada. It aired there between 1969 and 1972. The Nine Network repeated the series several times after Australian television became colour in 1975.

The programme was played in Mexico, Cuba, Spain, Czechoslovakia, and Iran.

The main characters were:

Tenpyō

, also romanized as Tempyō, was a after "Jinki" and before "Tenpyō-kanpō." This period started in August 729 and ended in April 749. The reigning emperor was .




Groupement des écoles d'aéronautique

The Groupement des écoles d'aéronautique (GEA France) (in English French aviation school network) includes three French engineering universities:


The GEA is member of the Conference of European Schools for Advanced Engineering Education and Research.

The GEA universities have created the "Institut sino-européen d'ingénierie de l'aviation" of Tianjin in partnership with French aerospace companies. This is part of Franco-Chinese cooperation after an Airbus A320 assembly plant was built in Tianjin.

The university, opened in October 2007, trains Chinese students. They follow a course in aerospace engineering, taught in French. After a first year of learning the French language, they follow a master's degree course in aeronautical engineering.

Not linked with the engineering training, three "Mastères Spécialisés" are also taught in Tianjin:

In the Wake of the Bounty

In the Wake of the Bounty is an Australian movie directed by Charles Chauvel. It is the first movie of Errol Flynn. It is based on the 1932 novel "Mutiny on the Bounty" by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall. The Australian movie was made two years before MGM's more famous "Mutiny on the Bounty".

The movie mixed re-enactments with documentary. It focused not so much on the mutiny itself as on what happened afterwards.

Kokoda Front Line!

Kokoda Front Line! was a full-length edition of the Australian newsreel. It was produced by the Australian News & Information Bureau and Cinesound Productions Limited in 1942. It was one of four winners of the 1942 Academy award for best documentary. It was the first Australian movie to win an Oscar. It was made by the Australian war photographer Damien Parer and directed by Ken G. Hall.

Ken G. Hall

Kenneth George Hall, (22 February 1901 – 8 February 1994), was an Australian Movie director. He is said to be one of the most important people in the history of the Australian cinema.

Hall began making movies in 1928. The first movie was "The Exploits of the Emden" about the Battle of Cocos. "Kokoda Front Line" in 1942 became the first Australian movie to win an Academy Award.

In 1956, Hall became general manager for Channel Nine in Sydney. He stayed there until 1966.

On 1 January 1972, Hall was awarded the Order of the British Empire for his services to the "Australian motion picture industry." He got the Raymond Longford Award for "Lifetime Achievement" in 1976.



Picnic at Hanging Rock

Picnic at Hanging Rock is a 1975 Australian drama movie. It was directed by Peter Weir. It stars Anne-Louise Lambert, Helen Morse, Rachel Roberts and Vivean Gray. The movie is from the book "Picnic at Hanging Rock", by author Joan Lindsay.

The film tells the story of the disappearance of several schoolgirls and their teacher. They disappear during a picnic to Hanging Rock, Victoria, on St. Valentine's Day in 1900. The movie shows the effect on the local community.

"Picnic at Hanging Rock" made $5,120,000 in ticket sales in Australia.


Gallipoli (1981 movie)

Gallipoli is a 1981 Australian movie. It is directed by Peter Weir and stars Mel Gibson and Mark Lee. It is about several young men from rural Western Australia who join the Australian Army during the First World War. They are sent to the peninsula of Gallipoli in the Ottoman Empire. They take part in the Gallipoli Campaign. Over time the young men lose their innocence about the purpose of war. The climax of the movie occurs on the Anzac battlefield at Gallipoli. It shows the futile attack at the Battle of the Nek on 7 August 1915.

"Gallipoli" is a faithful portrayal of life in Australia in the 1910s. It captures the ideals and character of the Australians who joined up to fight, as well as the conditions they endured on the battlefield. It does, however, change events for dramatic purposes. It has a number of significant historical inaccuracies.

The many running scenes in the movie are set to Jean Michel Jarre's "Oxygène".

"Gallipoli" was successful at the box office earning $11,740,000. Gallipoli was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Foreign Film.

The Man from Snowy River (1982 movie)

The Man from Snowy River is a 1982 Australian movie. It is based on the Banjo Paterson poem "The Man from Snowy River". The cast included Kirk Douglas, Jack Thompson, Tom Burlinson, Sigrid Thornton, Terence Donovan, and Chris Haywood.

Both Burlinson and Thornton were in the 1988 sequel, "The Man from Snowy River II".

"The Man from Snowy River" made $17,228,160 at the box office in Australia. This is the same as $50,132,946 in 2009 dollars.


Light therapy

Light therapy is a treatment where the patient is exposed to light. Depression, sleeping problems, bipolar disorder and many skin conditions are treated with this therapy. The therapy consists of exposing the patient to a light source (a table lamp, for example). The light source usually emits the full spectrum of light. Sometimes, this has to be done at a specific time of day.

When it is used for skin conditions, it is usually called phototherapy. Example conditions where phototherapy is used are psoriasis and atopic dermatitis. 

Light therapy should generally not be used, in the case the patient also suffers from certain diseases of the eyes. Certain drugs make people more sensitive to light. People taking such drugs should also not use light therapy.

Chestnut

Chestnut is the name for a kind of tree or the nut from the tree.

Chestnut may also be:
In botany:


In geography:


In zoology:


In other fields:


People with the family name Chestnut:


Crocodile Dundee

Crocodile Dundee (stylized as "Crocodile" Dundee in the United States) is a 1986 Australian-American romantic comedy adventure movie. It is set in the Australian Outback and in New York City. It stars Paul Hogan and Linda Kozlowski.

It is based on the true life of Rodney Ansell. The film had a budget of under $10 million. They meant to make a commercial Australian film that America would like. Many people in the world liked the movie. It made the second most money of all movies in the United States in 1986. It also was second in money made in the world in 1986.

There are two versions of the film: the Australian version, and the American / international version. The American version had much of the Australian slang replaced with more commonly understood words. It was also slightly shorter. There were two sequel movies: ""Crocodile" Dundee II" (1988) and "Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles" (2001).

Award wins:

Award nominations:


Australia (2008 movie)

Australia is a 2008 Australian epic historical romantic drama movie. It was directed by Baz Luhrmann. It starred Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman. It made the second most money of any Australian movie. The first was "Crocodile Dundee". The movie is set between 1939 and 1942. Events in northern Australia included the bombing of Darwin during World War II. The movie was released in both Australia and the United States on 26 November 2008. It was released to the rest of the world in late December 2008 and January and February 2009.

The Assault on Truth: Freud's Suppression of the Seduction Theory

The Assault on Truth: Freud's Suppression of the Seduction Theory is a book published in 1984 by psychoanalyst and historian Jeffrey Masson. In the book, Masson criticizes Austrian psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud (1856-1939) for abandoning the seduction theory, which held that neurotic illness in adults and adolescents was a result of their being sexually abused before puberty. Freud said that his patients confabulated the molestations and then rejected this theory. Masson says that Freud's original view was the correct one.

ANZ Championship

The ANZ Championship is the most famous netball league in the world. The competition is held once a year between April and July. There are 69 matches played over 17 weeks. There are ten teams, five from Australia and five from New Zealand. ANZ Bank is the sponsor of the competition.

The ANZ Championship was started in 2008. It replaced the Commonwealth Bank Trophy in Australia and the National Bank Cup in New Zealand. Both of which were retired after 2007. The ANZ Championship saw netball become a semi-professional sport in both countries. There was more media coverage and higher player salaries. The current champions are the Queensland Firebirds, who defeated the Northern Mystics in the grand final of the 2011 season.

USL W-League (1995–2015)

The USL W-League is a national women's soccer league. It is in the United States and Canada. It is alongside the Women's Premier Soccer League and below Women's Professional Soccer.

The W-League is seen as North America’s main way for women to develop in soccer. The W-League is also an open league. This gives college players the chance to play alongside established international players. The league is administered by the United Soccer Leagues system. The USL also oversees the men's USL Pro and USL Premier Development League.





A-League Women

A-League Women, known before the 2021–22 season as the W-League, is the main women's semi-professional soccer league in Australia. Started in 2008, it currently has 10 teams, nine in Australia and the other in New Zealand. Eight of the Australian teams and the New Zealand team are partners with clubs in A-League Men. The other team is based in Canberra. Because it is sponsored by Liberty Lending Group, an Australian financial services company, the League is called Liberty A-League Women.

A-League Women started on 25 October 2008 as the W-League.

One game per week is broadcast live nationwide on ABC1.

As of the 2021–22 season, teams in A-League Women have a salary cap of A$450,000 for the entire squad. By comparison, the salary cap for clubs in the men's competition, A-League Men, is A$2.1 million, with each team in that league allowed to sign two "marquee players" whose salaries do not count against the cap.

The league began with eight teams. The Central Coast Mariners had to withdraw from the 2010–11 season. This was because they did not have enough money. Western Sydney Wanderers FC joined the league for 2012–13, followed by Melbourne City FC in 2015–16 and the league's first New Zealand side, Wellington Phoenix FC, in 2021–22. Central Coast Mariners FC will return to A-League Women in 2022–23, and Western United FC will add an A-League Women side in 2022–23.

Performance and ranking of clubs based on their best regular season result in the W-League and A-League Women. The 2022–23 season is Western United's first season.

Women's National Basketball League

The Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) is the main women's professional basketball league in Australia. It currently has ten teams. The league was started in 1981. It is the women's counterpart to the National Basketball League (NBL). The regular season is played from October to March. The Grand Final is in either late February or early March.

Some WNBL teams have NBL counterparts. The Adelaide Lightning, West Coast Waves, and Sydney Flames are the only current teams to play sharing the market with an NBL team.

The WNBL currently has 10 teams.

Guar

Guar is a crop which is mostly grown in Pakistan. This crop is planted in July or August and harvested at the end of November. Guar is widely used in oil exploring fields and also in the cosmetics industry. There are four major countries in the world which produce guar: Sudan, India, Pakistan, and the United States.

The price of this crop went up in 2012 when its price went to 37,000 Pakistan rupees per 100 kg.

Tone deafness

Tone deafness is the inability to hear that a musical instrument produces tones of different pitch. In music, relative pitch is used for different musical notes. Very often the condition results from damage in the brain. People with this problem do not seem to have a problem to hear or reproduce intonation in human speech.

Institut aéronautique et spatial

Institut aéronautique et spatial (IAS) is the French aeronautical industry's education coordinator. IAS was created in 1980. It is in Toulouse. IAS members are the major aeronautics & space companies such as EADS, Safran, Thales, Dassault Aviation, Airbus, Eurocopter, and others: 

Its aim is to develop a network of international partners, using 3 main vectors:



Okhotigone

Okhotigone Eskov, 1993 is a genus of spiders belonging to the Linyphiidae family.


Ménage à trois

A () is a French term used to describe a situation where three people are involved in a relationship and live together. Each of the three has a sexual relationship to the two others. A form of polyamory, arrangements are sometimes identified as a throuple, thruple, or triad.

In 2021, the first ever throuple got married, and it is now officially legal.

Elena Ionescu

Elena Ionescu (17 May 1988) is a Romanian singer who since 2006 has been the lead singer of pop band Mandinga replacing Elena Gheorghe. Mandinga won the Romanian national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan were Ionescu will sing the song Zaleilah.

Hypermobility

Hypermobility refers to when human joints stretch further than is usual. For example, some people can bend their thumbs back to their wrist, their toes backwards, put their leg behind their heads or any other ways of unusual performances. This condition can affect a particular joint or many joints throughout the human body. Hypermobility often results from one or more body issues: misaligned joints, abnormally shaped ends of one or more bones near a joint or other body issues. The same defect also results in weaker than normal bones, which may lead to osteoperosis or bone fracture. This condition is often described with the term "double jointed". Some people who are hypermobile carry no other health matters.

Tenpyō-kanpō

"Tenpyō-kanpō" lasted only four months during the last year of Shōmu's reign. The previous era ended and this new one started in 749. 




Tenpyō-shōhō

"Tenpyō-shōhō" means "Heavenly Peace and Victorious Treasure".




John Cale

John Davies Cale, OBE (born 9 March 1942) is a Welsh musician, composer and record producer, known as a founding member of experimental rock band The Velvet Underground. He played on two of their albums "The Velvet Underground & Nico" (1967) and "White Light/White Heat" (1968). In 1970 he released first solo album "Vintage Violence". He also worked as record producer. During his career, he worked with such as John Cage, Hector Zazou, Nick Drake, Brian Eno, Patti Smith, The Stooges and Manic Street Preachers.


Federal Center for Technological Education of Rio de Janeiro

Federal Center of Technological Education Celso Suckow da Fonseca ("Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica Celso Suckow da Fonseca", short Cefet-RJ) is a public university of the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.

Established in 1909, it is the second largest university in Rio de Janeiro as well as one the country's best universities.



Asturias Airport

Asturias Airport is an airport in Asturias. It is located in the municipality of Castrillón, and is near to Avilés. It is operated by Aena.


Charisma

Charisma is a term that means compelling attractiveness or charms which inspire devotion. This term also refers to special power or talent. The term charisma has many meanings. It is often used to describe a particular type of leader. It comes from Christianity where it was used about people who had the gift of God's grace. 

Christine

Christine is a female given name. It is pronounced [kri-steen]. It comes from the word "Christ". This name means "follower of Christ". Christine is an exquisite name that has enjoyed popularity for centuries. Its origins can be traced back to the Greek name Christina, which means "one who follows Christ." Throughout history, this name has taken on different forms and has been linked with numerous noteworthy individuals. In 1968, it was the 14th most frequently-given name for girls in the United States. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Bayville, New York

Bayville is an incorporated village on the north shore of Nassau County on Long Island, in the state of New York. The 2020 census showed that 6,748 people lived there, up from 6,669 in 2010. Bayville was purchased from the Native Americans (the Matinecock tribe) by Daniel Whitehead in 1658.

In the 1800s, Bayville was mostly used for asparagus farming. Five or six men owned large sections of Bayville and made their living from farming asparagus. One of those men was Nicholas Godfrey, a native of Cape May township in New Jersey. At the height of his land ownership, Godfrey owned more than half of Bayville's land. Godfrey died in 1899. He is buried in the Bayville Cemetery. He was a Lieutenant for the Union Army during the Civil War. He was also an inventor and he was Bayville's first postmaster in 1877.

The village wasn't named "Bayville" until 1859. Before that, the village had two names. The western and middle parts were called "Oak Neck". The eastern part was called "Pine Island".

Bayville's total area is 1.5 square miles. 1.4 is made up of land and .1 is made up of water. Frank M. Flower & Sons, Inc. is Bayville's only commercial business. It has been there since 1887. Bayville got electricity in 1906. The Bayville Bridge that is there today is the fourth bridge. The first bridge there was built in 1898. Before that, people went between Bayville to Oyster Bay by water taxi.

Brenda

The name Brenda [ bren-d"uh" ] is a female given name in the English language. Its origin is uncertain, but it may be derived from a Scandinavian type of language, rather than Celtic like the masculine name Brendan. The moniker Brenda has its roots in Old Norse and signifies "sword". It was initially utilized during the 19th century and gained popularity in the 20th century. The appellation was popularized by the eponymous 1950s tune "Brenda Lee" by vocalist Brenda Lee. Throughout history, the name has taken on various forms, such as Brenna, Brenn, and Brendon. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). The name has been around for many centuries. Many famous people are named Brenda, including Brenda Blethyn, Brenda Song and Brenda Lee. There was also a woman in the golf series at Prince Edward Island who's name was Brenda from Northern Ireland. 



Tyrol

Tyrol or Tirol can be:




Tyrol (state)

Tyrol (; ; ) is a federal state in western Austria. It has the Austrian part of the historic Princely County of Tyrol. The capital of Tyrol is Innsbruck.

The state is split into two parts– North Tyrol and smaller East Tyrol.

The state's territory is entirely in the Eastern Alps at the important Brenner Pass. The highest mountain in the state is the Großglockner.

The state is divided into eight districts and the city of Innsbruck. The districts and their centres (capitals) are:




Carinthia (disambiguation)

Carinthia may be:


Styria

Styria ( ; ; Croatian and ; ) is a state in the southeast of Austria. The capital city is Graz. It borders Slovenia. In 2016 there were about 1,232,000 people living in Styria.

The state has 12 districts and a statutory city.



Coat of arms of Austria

The current coat of arms of Austria has been in use by the Republic of Austria since 1919. Between 1934 and the 1938 Austria used a different coat of arms. It had a double-headed eagle. In 1945 the original coat of arms returned, with broken chains added to show Austria's freedom.

The symbols and emblems used in the Austrian arms are as follows:


Jello Biafra

Jello Biafra (born Eric Reed Boucher; June 17, 1958) is an American musician and spoken word artist. Biafra was the lead singer and songwriter for San Francisco punk rock band Dead Kennedys. He started the record label Alternative Tentacles with East Bay Ray in 1979.

Biafra is a member of the Green Party of the United States. He ran for president in 2000.


Rudolph Nureyev

Rudolf Khametovich Nureyev (17 March 1938 – 6 January 1993) was a Russian ballet dancer. He was one of the most celebrated dancers of the 20th century. In 1961 he defected to the West, despite KGB efforts to prevent him. For some years he partnered Dame Margot Fonteyn.

The "Dictionary of Dance" says "His repertoire was enormous, including all the classics and the modern standards". After his period with Fonteyn, Nureyev worked in several countries.

Nureyev was director, principal dancer and choreographer of "Nureyev and Friends" on Broadway (197475) and was artistic director of the Paris Opera House from 1983 to 1989. He promoted junior dancers, such as Sylvie Guillem, and commissioned new works. In the last years of his life he took up conducting.

Nureyev was gay. He and his partner, Erik Bruhn, died of AIDS.

Invented tradition

Invented traditions are those traditions of recent origin which may claim to be old but are usually recently invented (made up). For example: 

There are rules to see which traditions are real or fake. 

Burgenland Croatian

Burgenland Croatian is a regional language of the Chakavian dialect of the Croatian language. It is spoken in Austria, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Burgenland Croatian is a minority language in the Austrian state of Burgenland. 19,412 people speak the language there in 2001. Many of the Burgenland Croatian speakers in Austria also live in Vienna and Graz.

Smaller Croatian minorities in western Hungary, southwestern Slovakia and southern Czech Republic are often also called Burgenland Croats. They use the Burgenland Croatian written language. They are historically and culturally closely connected to the Austrian Croats. 

Spoken language

Spoken language is language in its spoken form. It is different from written language. Many spoken languages have no written form. The term "spoken language" is sometimes used for "oral language". This is not quite right because sign language is also sometimes said to be 'spoken'.

Children get their first language from whichever language is spoken around them. Usually this comes from their mothers. Spoken language is much richer than written language. Spoken language can have different rules than written language.

Nancy Allen

Nancy Allen (born on June 24, 1950) is an American movie and television actress. She was born in Yonkers, New York. Her movies include "RoboCop" (1987) and "Carrie" (1976)

Josef Korbel

Josef Korbel (born 20 September 1909 as Josef Körbel – died 18 July 1977 in the United States) was a Czechoslovakian diplomat and U.S. professor.

Korbel is of Jewish descent and was born in Kyšperk (now Letohrad). His daughter is Madeleine Albright, former United States Secretary of State. His student was Condoleezza Rice, also former Secretary of State.

In 1957 he became an American.

Heather O'Rourke

Heather O'Rourke (December 27, 1975 February 1, 1988) was an American movie child actress who acted in the movie "Poltergeist" (1982). She also worked in television.

Brenda Russell

Brenda Russell (born Brenda Gordon, April 8 1944) is an American R&B singer, composer, and keyboardist. She was born in Brooklyn, New York. She has had many hit songs on several musical charts. Her singing genres include R&B and pop.


Mastère en sciences

The Mastère en sciences (MSc) is a French degree in higher education accredited by the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles" and for owners of a Bachelor's degree or a first year of a Master's degree. Created in 2002, this degree certifies that the training is consistent with various quality criteria (selectivity, English language education, number of hours, length of program, research, etc..).

According to the rules, only the schools members of the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles" may issue the diploma.

Falstaff (opera)

Falstaff is an Italian opera in three acts by Giuseppe Verdi, on a libretto by Arrigo Boito, based on William Shakespeare's "The Merry Wives of Windsor". It was first performed in Milan, on February 9, 1893. Verdi's last opera and perhaps greatest masterpiece, composed when he was 80, and only his second comedy since his earlier attempt "Un giorno di regno" in 1840.

When Verdi composed "Falstaff" he was not writing it for a commission. He was just writing it for his own pleasure, without a performance in mind. When he had finished it he felt that it would be his last work and that his life’s work had finished. It was almost true. It was indeed his last opera and his last big work.

When composers turn plays into operas they usually have to make some changes in the drama to make it suitable to be sung. Verdi had already turned two other Shakespeare plays into opera: "Otello" and "Macbeth". When he composed these he worked with librettists to create something as close to Shakespeare’s plays as possible, but when writing "Falstaff" he took more freedom. The character of Falstaff is very close to the way he is shown in Shakespeare’s "Henry IV" plays, rather than the Falstaff of "The Merry Wives of Windsor".


This takes place in the Garter Inn (). Dr Caius, who is a rich man with servants, complains that Falstaff has beaten his servants and that Falstaff’s two friends Bardolfo and Pistola made him drunk and then stole his money. Falstaff laughs at him. He says he will never get drunk again unless he is in the company of good, religious people. Bardolfo and Pistola in the background sing “Amen” until Falstaff stops them, complaining that they sing out of tune.

Falstaff complains that his bill for the drinks is very high. He says that his two friends drink so much that he won’t have enough to eat and he’ll get thin and then he cannot be his proper self. He says he is in love with two ladies: Mrs Ford and Mrs Page. He has written love letters to them both. He asks his two friends to take the letters to them, but they refuse. Falstaff is cross and gets a page boy to take them instead. Then he chases his friends with a broom.

The next scene changes to the garden of Ford’s house. Four ladies are in the garden: Alice Ford and Meg Page and also Mistress Quickly and Anne Ford, the daughter of Mr and Mrs Ford. Verdi calls her “Nannetta”. The four of them look at the two letters that Alice and Meg have received and find they are exactly the same except for the address. They are amused and a bit annoyed, so they decide to tease Falstaff.

Mr Ford is walking with Dr Caius, Fenton and Falstaff’s two friends. Fenton is a young man who is in love with Nannetta, but Ford does not want him to marry his daughter. Bardolfo and Pistola have deserted Falstaff. They tell Ford that Falstaff is in love with his wife. He is cross, of course, and plans revenge. The music of the four ladies and the music of the five men is sometimes heard separately, and sometimes it is combined. Fenton and Nannetta stay behind to kiss and they sing a love duet. When the men and ladies come back they each sing their own music again. This is a famous ensemble: the way Verdi has combined the two songs is very clever.

Bardolfo and Pistola are back in the Garter Inn with Falstaff. They pretend they are very sorry to have deserted Falstaff. They tell him that there is an old woman outside who wants to speak to him. It is Mistress Quickly, who comes in and curtseys very low to Falstaff. She gives him the message that Alice would love to see him, but that Meg’s husband is guarding her and never leaves her by herself. He can see Alice when her husband is out between two and three o’ clock (). Falstaff is pleased and gives Mistress Quickly a tip (some money) as she leaves. He sings to himself “Alice is mine” (“”).

The next visitor Falstaff has is Ford. Falstaff does not know who he is. Ford says his name is Master Brook (Signor Fontana). He gives Falstaff a purse with silver and tells him that he is in love with Mistress Ford (Alice). He asks Falstaff to get her for him. Falstaff says he will be seeing her that very afternoon. Ford asks him whether he knows Alice’s husband (i.e. himself). Falstaff says he does and he describes to him what a terrible man Ford is. It is a very comic scene with a lot of very clever humour.

When Falstaff goes out to change his clothes Ford shows his anger. When Falstaff returns the two men go out arm in arm like friends, arguing about who shall go through the door first.

Back in Ford’s house the four women are getting ready to tease Falstaff. From the conversation we learn that Ford wants Nannette to marry Dr Caius who is a fussy old man. Nannette of course wants to marry young Fenton.

When Falstaff comes Alice is playing the lute. He sings to her accompaniment. When Quickly says that Ford is coming they hide Falstaff behind a screen. Ford and his men start to search another part of the house, and the women hide Falstaff inside a big laundry basket with dirty clothes. Ford comes back, he hears the sound of kissing and thinks it is his wife with Falstaff, but he finds it is Nannetta and Fenton. Ford goes out furiously, and the women quickly throw the laundry basket out of the window into the river Thames below. When Ford comes back his wife takes him to the window and he sees Falstaff, who is very wet, getting out of the river.

Falstaff is recovering in the Inn. He is very grumpy, although he starts to cheer up when wine is brought. Mistress Quickly comes in and says he can meet Alice, but Falstaff is not really in a mood for this. In the end Quickly manages to persuade him to meet Alice at Herne the Hunter’s Oak in Windsor forest. There is a legend about a black hunter who hanged himself from this tree, and so the spot is haunted by witches and sprites. Falstaff is told he must disguise himself as the black hunter.

The men and women sing an ensemble in which they describe the plot they have made to tease Falstaff. Ford also plots to announce that Caius will marry Nannette.

The last scene takes place at night under Herne’s Oak. The moon shines. Fenton sings an aria. Falstaff appears in his disguise, wearing a pair of antlers on his head and wrapped in a big cloak. Midnight strikes. For a moment he is alone with Alice, but then she leaves him by himself. Nannetta is disguised as the Queen of Fairies. She and her friends sing beautiful music. Falstaff has hidden his face in his cloak, but everyone goes to him and torments him. When people take off their masks Falstaff feels really stupid, although he tries to say that his wittiness helped the joke. Ford announces that Nannetta will marry Caius. Alice leads another couple to him and he announces that they too will marry. When they take off their masks he finds that Bardolfo was disguised as Nannetta, so he will marry Caius! The other couple were Fenton and Nannetta in disguise. Now it is Ford who looks stupid, and Falstaff takes the opportunity to tease him. They finish by singing “” (“Joking is man’s vocation. Wise is he who is jolly”). The music is a fugue, which is usually thought of as being a serious academic form, but the mood here is jolly.

An engravement was made in favour of Falstaff's existence; ("Where 'o where shall the holly be on the night of song, more for thee to ascend in me.")


François Hollande

François Gérard Georges Nicolas Hollande (born 12 August 1954) is a French politician. A member of the Socialist Party, he was the President of France from 2012 to 2017. This means he was also the Co-Prince of Andorra from 2012 to 2017. He was born in Rouen. Before becoming president, he was a deputy for the Corrèze, and the mayor of Tulle. He studied law in Paris. He also studied at the École des hautes études commerciales de Paris and the Institut d'études politiques de Paris. He was among the best in his studies at the École nationale d'administration. He was elected President of France on 6 May 2012, defeating Nicolas Sarkozy. There were two rounds of voting. In the first, 28% of the people voted for him. In the second round, with only two candidates, 51% did.

He left office on 14 May 2017 being replaced by Emmanuel Macron.


Bilan d'aptitude délivré par les grandes écoles

The Bilan d'aptitude délivré par les grandes écoles (BADGE) is a French degree created in 2001 by the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles", and mainly intended as a two-year degree after the end of secondary studies.

The BADGE program includes a number of elements: at least 200 hours of instruction, including theoretical and practical work, team projects and possibly distance learning, and a final validation test.
The program takes place over 7 weeks to 24 months maximum, subject to alternating training / business where the period is longer than six months.


Andromeda XIX

Andromeda XIX is a satellite galaxy of the Andromeda Galaxy, and is part of the Local Group, like the Milky Way Galaxy. Andromeda XIX is said to be "the most extended dwarf galaxy known in the Local Group", and has a half-light radius of 1.7 kiloparsec (kpc). It was found by the Canada–France–Hawaii Telescope, and it is a dwarf galaxy.

The MegaPrime/MegaCam 1 deg2 (camera) on the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) had mapped the M31 stellar halo (one quarter) up to ~150 kpc. The observation, which had proved the uneveness of Andromeda's stellar halo, had shown that multiple other dwarf galaxies exist. They are: Andromeda XI, XII, XIII, XV, XVI, XVIII, XIX, and XX.


Brussels Airlines

Brussels Airlines is the main Belgian airline. It flies from Brussels Airport to destinations in Europe, Africa and North America. 

Brussels Airlines was created as the result of the merger of SN Brussels Airlines and Virgin Express in March 2006. SN Brussels Airlines had been created from Sabena, the former Belgian flag carrier, that had ceased operations on 7 November 2001. SN Brussels Airlines started its operations only five months later. Virgin Express was a low-cost airline, owned by the Virgin Group. In 2004, SN Airholding took over Virgin Express, and in 2006 it was announced that both companies would merge and fly under the "Brussels Airlines" brand. In 2008, the Lufthansa group bought 45% of Brussels Airlines' shares, and Brussels Airlines joined the Star Alliance.

Brussels Airlines has the following aircraft in its fleet:
It is a member of the Star Alliance.

The company has codeshare agreement with many companies such as Air Canada, Air Malta, All Nippon Airways, Austrian Airlines, Cathay Pacific, Croatia Airlines, EgyptAir, Etihad Airways, Hainan Airlines, Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines, Swiss International Air Lines, TAAG Air Angola, TAP Portugal, TAROM, Thai Airways, United Airlines and others.

In 2019, Brussels Airlines made agreements with Africa World Airlines and Aeroflot Russian Airlines.


Castel Goffredo

Castel Goffredo is a city in north of Italy. Castel Goffredo is in the province of Mantua, Lombardy Region. About 12,000 people live in Castel Goffredo.

Polandball

Polandball, also known as Countryballs, is an internet meme. The meme began on the /int/ board of Krautchan.net in 2009. The meme takes the form of large number of online comics. In the comics, countries flags are drawn as a circle shape. The balls interact in broken English, often referred to as "Engrish", (except for those countries who have English as their main language) and ridicule national stereotypes and international relations.

Polandball has its roots in an August 2009 'cyberwar' between Polish Internet users and the rest of the world on drawball.com. Drawball.com allows Internet users to draw whatever they want. It also allows people to draw over others drawings. On the Polish flag internet, an idea was raised to draw the flag of Poland on the ball. Thousands of Poles managed to take over the drawball. The painting consisted of white on top of red. In the middle, the word "POLSKA" was written. After co-ordination from 4chan, this was then covered over by a giant Nazi swastika.

Krautchan.net is a German-language imageboard. Its /int/ board is frequented by Russian-speaking netizens. The beginning of the Polandball meme is credited to "Falco". Falco is a British user on /int/. In September 2009 Falco created the meme using MS Paint. The meme was made in an apolitical way to troll "Wojak". Wojak is a Pole on the same board and contributes in broken English. Afterwards, Polandball cartoons were enthusiastically drawn by Russians.

A description of Polandball is found on the subreddit /r/Polandballball, which reads "Wiggly mouse-drawn comics where balls represent different countries. They poke fun at national stereotypes and the "international drama" of their diplomatic relations. Polandball combines history, geography, Engrish, and an inferiority complex. The comic series first became popular on a well known German image board /int/."

The premise of Polandball is it represents the history, relations with other countries, and stereotypes. It concentrates on Polish megalomania and national complexes. The meme gained in popularity after the plane crash in Smolensk which killed Polish President Lech Kaczyński. Interactions between countryballs are written in broken English and internet slang. This is similar to the Lolcat meme. Poland is purposely drawn as red on top of white. This is the opposite of the united nations flag. By the end of the cartoon, Poland weeps.

Some Polandball comics are based on the premise that Russia can fly into space. This premise also includes Poland cannot fly into space. One of the most popular Polandball cartoons begins with the premise that Earth is going to be struck by a giant meteor. All countries with space technology leave Earth and go into orbit around the planet. At the end of the cartoon, Poland is still on earth and is crying. In broken English, Poland says their famous catchphrase "Poland cannot into space". In this humorous way, Russians stop discussion with Poles on which country is superior. Another Polandball comic delves into historic-political satire. Poland is seen to be boring other countryballs. Poland proclaims "So when we crushed Russia and the turks [sic] were were the biggest country in the world... and..". This leads other countryballs to laugh at it. Poland, by now irritated, utters "kurwa". Poland holds up a sign saying "Internet serious business". This is an internet slogan used to deride others who treat subjects with disdain. Then, in Polandball convention, Poland finishes by crying.

In 2014, released a game about Polandball for Android. In this game, Poland can into space and the player's goal as long as possible to keep Poland there. There is also the opportunity to play for other countryballs.

Polandball can also include comics on other countries. By convention these comics are usually still referred to as Polandball. They can also be called countryballs. According to Lurkmore.to, Bavaria has its own ball. Other balls have been created for U.S. states, Brazil, Catalonia and Siberia. Singapore and Bermuda are drawn as a triangle and called Tringapore and Bermudatriangle, respectively. Israel takes the form of a hypercube (in reference to Jewish physics). Kazakhstan takes the form of a brick. Britain is shown wearing a top hat and monocle. The United States is shown wearing sunglasses. Nepal, Ohio, and Tampa are shown as animals with teeth almost like a tiger.


Yugoslavs

Yugoslavs is a national name used by a small number of South Slavs across the countries of the former Yugoslavia. Some say this name is for all people of South Slav heritage, including those of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Montenegro, Serbia and the presently disputed region of Kosovo, Slovenia, and North Macedonia.

Rhetorical question

A rhetorical question is a figure of speech in the form of a question. It is a question that is asked in order to make a point: it does not need a reply.

The question is used as a rhetorical device or tool. The question is posed for the sake of persuasion, or to encourage the listener or reader to consider a message or viewpoint.

Rhetorical questions suggest a dialogue which does not really exist. The speaker both asks and answers the question himself. A rhetorical question is often a statement in the form of a question.

For example, in "Can't you do "anything" right?", the words are not intended to start an investigation or to invite any response at all. What the words actually mean could change according to circumstance. It could be a little joke between friends, or it could be an insulting criticism. Generally, it would be taken to mean "You can't seem to do anything right".

The role of context is always important if someone asks "What does that mean". Consider this question: "Do you think this treatment is just?". There is no way of knowing whether this is a genuine question or not, because we do not know what the circumstances are. This is true of many kinds of communication, that what they mean varies according to circumstance.

On the other hand, "Is it right for a murderer to be allowed out of prison after only ten years?" clearly asks for the reply "No!". This is because the questioner has "signalled" what answer is expected. A neutral way to describe the situation might be: "A convicted murderer spends at least ten years in jail".



President of Austria

The President of Austria is the federal head of state of Austria. Even though the constitution says the President has a lot of power, in practice the President is mostly a figurehead. The President of Austria is elected once in every six years. His or her offices are in the Leopoldine Wing of the Hofburg Imperial Palace, in Vienna.

Many former Presidents have had a lot of popularity while in office. No incumbent has ever lost a bid for re-election. Since 2017 the President has been Alexander Van der Bellen.


Chancellor of Austria

The Federal Chancellor is the head of government and chief executive of Austria. His or her deputy is the Vice-Chancellor. Before 1918, the office was the same as Minister-President of Austria. The Federal Chancellor is the de facto highest office in the state government.

The Chancellor is chosen by the President of Austria. The current Chancellor is Karl Nehammer since 2021.

List of presidents of the National Council of Austria

List of presidents of the National Council of Austria. 

Below is a list of office-holders in the First Republic:

Below is a list of office-holders in the Second Republic:


Jeffrey Masson

Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson (born March 28, 1941 as Jeffrey Lloyd Masson) is a psychotherapist and historian of psychotherapy who wrote a controversial book, "", about Austrian neurologist Sigmund Freud. In the book, Masson accuses Freud of hiding evidence that some patients were sexually abused by their parents.

Masson was research director of the Sigmund Freud Archives in New York City. He was removed from the job after saying Freud was responsible for "the present-day sterility of psychoanalysis throughout the world."

Barbara Prammer

Barbara Prammer (11 January 1954 – 2 August 2014) was an Austrian politician. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria. 

She was President of the National Council of Austria serving from 30 October 2006 until her death in 2 August 2014. She was its Vice President from 2004 to 2006. She was the first woman to hold the position of president of the national council.Prammer was Federal Minister for Women Affairs and Consumer Protection from 1997 to 2000. She was elected to the National Council in 1999.

She had two children.

Prammer died of pancreatic cancer on 2 August 2014.



First Austrian Republic

The Republic of Austria is the period of Austrian history after the signing of the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye of September 1919. It went through the settlement after the end of World War I which put an end to the Republic of German-Austria. It continued up to World War II. Austria was a "de-facto" republic, but its official name was the Federal State of Austria. 

This period was had a lot of conflict between the left and the right. The July Revolt of 1927 was an example. The Constitution of Austria was started in 1920 and changed in 1929. The Federal State (sometimes called the First Republic) came to an end with the "Anschluss" to Nazi Germany in 1938. Some people say the end came with the start of the Austro-fascist dictatorship in 1933/34 following the Austrian Civil War. 

Euro sign

The euro sign (€) is the currency sign used for the euro. The euro is the official money of the Eurozone in the European Union (EU). The international three-letter code for the euro is EUR.

The old currencies that were replaced by the Euro was marks, pesetas, francs, lira, escudos and guilders.

Telephone numbers in Austria

This article is about the use of telephone numbers in Austria.

Country Code: +43<br>
International Call Prefix: 00<br>
Trunk Prefix: 0

There are no standard lengths for either area codes or subscribers' numbers in Austria. So some subscribers' numbers may be as short as three digits. Larger towns have shorter area codes allowing longer subscriber numbers in that area.


Austrian Sign Language

Austrian Sign Language (German: Österreichischer Gebärdensprache or ÖGS) is the sign language used by the Austrian deaf community. There are about 10,000 people who use it and it was legally recognized by the Austrian Parliament on September 1, 2005. Learning ÖGS is based on the German spoken language in Austria and shares a similar grammatical structure to German Sign Language.

Second Viennese School

The Second Viennese School is a group of composers. It was made of Arnold Schoenberg and his pupils and close associates in early 20th century Vienna. Schoenberg lived and taught there between 1903 and 1925. Their music was first like late-Romantic. Later it was a totally chromatic expressionism without firm tonal centre. Later still was Schoenberg's serial twelve-tone technique. 

The main members of the school, besides Schoenberg, were Alban Berg and Anton Webern.

Korean Peninsula

The Korean Peninsula is a peninsula in East Asia and consists of the area of Korea.

It has an area of 220,847 km², and is governed by both North and South Korea.

The whole Korean Peninsula is claimed by both countries on the peninsula.

Oskar Kokoschka

Oskar Kokoschka (1 March 1886 – 22 February 1980) was an Austrian artist, poet and playwright. He is best known for his intense expressionistic portraits and landscapes.

Kokoschka's first jobs were postcards and drawings for children. In his early career he did portraits of Viennese celebrities. He was in the Austrian army in World War I and was wounded. At the hospital, the doctors said he was mentally unstable. He traveled across Europe and painted the landscape.
Kokoschka had an affair with Alma Mahler. She stopped the relationship. He continued to love her his entire life. One of his greatest works "The Bride of the Wind" ("The Tempest"), is a tribute to her. His poem "Allos Markar" was about this relationship.

Deemed a degenerate by the Nazis, Kokoschka left Austria in 1934 for Prague. In 1938, when the Czechs were coming for Wehrmacht, he fled to the United Kingdom. He stayed there during the war.

Kokoschka became a British citizen in 1946. In 1978 he got back Austrian citizenship. He traveled to the United States in 1947. Then he moved to Switzerland. He lived there the rest of his life. He died in Montreux.


Kokoschka's literary works are as odd and interesting as his art. His memoir, "A Sea Ringed with Visions", is as wildly psychedelic as anything written by others under the influence of actual hallucinogens. His short play "Murderer, the Hope of Women" is often called the first Expressionist drama. His "Orpheus und Eurydike" (1918) became an opera by Ernst Krenek.




Inge Morath

Ingeborg Morath (May 27, 1923 – January 30, 2002) was an Austrian photographer. In 1953 she joined the Magnum Photos Agency. She became a full photographer with them in 1955. In 1955 she published her first collection of photographs, of a total of 30 monographs during her lifetime.

Ingeborg Morath was born in Graz, Austria. Her parents were scientists. They went to different laboratories and universities in Europe during her childhood. She first went to French-speaking schools. In the 1930s her family moved to Darmstadt, a German intellectual center. Then they moved to Berlin.

Morath's first encounter with "avant-garde" art was the Degenerate Art show by the Nazi party in 1937. It was supposed to make people not like modern art. "I found a number of these paintings exciting and fell in love with Franz Marc's "Blue Horse"", Morath later wrote.

Morath went to Berlin University. At university, Morath studied languages. She learned French, English, and Romanian. Later she added Spanish, Russian and Chinese. Toward the end of World War II, Morath worked for factory service in Tempelhof, alongside Ukrainian prisoners of war. During an attack on the factory by Russian bombers, she ran on foot to Austria. In later years, Morath would not photograph war.

After the Second World War, Morath worked as a translator and journalist. In 1948, she was hired by Warren Trabant. She worked for "Heute". Morath met photographer Ernst Haas in post-war Vienna. She brought his work to Trabant's attention. Working together for "Heute", Morath wrote articles to go along with Haas' pictures. In 1949, Morath and Haas were invited by Robert Capa to join the newly founded Magnum Photos in Paris.

Morath was briefly married to the British journalist Lionel Birch. She moved to London in 1951. That same year, she began to photograph during a visit to Venice. Morath asked for an apprenticeship with Simon Guttman. He was then an editor for "Picture Post" and running the picture-agency Report.

Morath divorced Birch and returned to Paris. Her first jobs were stories that did not interest "the big boys." She went to London on an early job to photograph the residents of Soho and Mayfair. Morath's portrait of Mrs. Eveleigh Nash, from that job, is among her best-known works. During the late 1950s Morath traveled widely. She covered stories in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the United States, and South America. She worked for such publications as "Holiday", "Paris Match", and "Vogue". In 1955 she published "Guerre à la Tristesse", photographs of Spain, with Robert Delpire. This was followed by "De la Perse à l'Iran", photographs of Iran, in 1958. Morath published more than thirty monographs during her lifetime.

Like many Magnum members, Morath worked as a still photographer on numerous motion picture sets. She met director John Huston while she was living in London. Huston's "Moulin Rouge" (1952) was one of Morath's earliest jobs. It was her first time working in a film studio.

Morath married the playwright Arthur Miller on February 17, 1962. They moved to the United States. Miller and Morath's first child, Rebecca, was born in September 1962. The couple's second child Daniel was born in 1966 with Down syndrome. He was institutionalized shortly after his birth. Today Rebecca Miller is a film director, actress, and writer.

Ingeborg Morath Miller died of cancer in New York City in 2002, at the age of 78.




Jean-Louis Vaudoyer

Jean-Louis Vaudoyer (10 September 1883 20 May 1963) was a French novelist, poet, essayist, and art historian. He was administrator general of the Comédie-Française (1941–1944). He was a member of the Académie française (1950–1963). He wrote the libretto for "Le Spectre de la rose", a ballet choreographed by Michel Fokine for Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in 1911.


Léon Bakst

Léon Samoilovitch Bakst (10 May 1866 – 27 December 1924) was a Russian painter. He designed the sets and costumes for some of Diaghilev's Ballets Russes productions. These were "Cleopatra" (1909), "Scheherazade" (1910), "Carnaval" (1910), "Narcisse" (1911), "Le Spectre de la Rose" (1911), and "Daphnis et Chloé" (1912). Bakst died in 1924 in Paris. In late 2010, the Victoria and Albert Museum presented an exhibition of Bakst's costumes and prints.



Ballet shoe

Ballet shoes are lightweight shoes designed for and used in ballet dancing. They're usually made from soft leather or satin and have thin and flexible soles. Females are usually given pink colored shoes; males usually get black or white.

Pointe shoes are a special type of ballet shoe. They let dancers stand on their toes.


Cannibalism in animals

In animal science, cannibalism is where an animal eats its own species. Scientists have found more than 1500 species that do this. It is common with insects, spiders and scorpions. There, the male gets eaten by the female, after having sexual intercourse. Many types of frogs will also eat other frogs of the same species. Even, vertebrates like hedgehogs eat their offspring if stressed.

Curtsey

A curtsey (also spelled curtsy or courtesy) is a traditional gesture of greeting, in which a girl or woman lowers her body by bending her knees. It is the female equivalent of male bowing in European cultures. The word "curtsy" comes from "courtesy" which means "politeness".

According to Desmond Morris, the movements in the curtsey and the bow were similar until the 17th century. Only later did the difference between the female and the male gesture develop. The earlier, combined version is still performed by Restoration comedy actors.

When a curtsey is very formal, the girl/woman bends the knees outward (rather than straight ahead), often sweeping one foot behind her. She may also use her hands to hold her skirt out from her body. In Victorian times, when women wore floor-length, hooped skirts, they curtsied using the plié movement borrowed from second-position in classical ballet in which the knees are bent while the back is held straight. Both feet and knees point out so the body lowers straight down. In this way, the lady lowers herself evenly, not to one side. 

Traditionally, women and girls curtsey to people who are of higher rank (more important) than they are, just as men and boys bow. Today this practice has become less common. In European cultures it is traditional for women to curtsey in front of members of the Royal family. This is sometimes called a "court curtsey" and is often very deep. Some female domestic workers curtsey for their employers. 

Female dancers often curtsey at the end of a performance to show thanks or acknowledge applause from the audience. At the end of a ballet class, students will also curtsey or bow to the teacher and the pianist to thank them. According to Victorian dance etiquette, a woman curtseys before beginning a dance. Female Scottish highland dancers performing the national dances and the Irish jig also curtsey as well (at both the beginning and end for the national dances and at the end for the Irish Jig). Some female ballroom dancers will curtsey to their partners before beginning the Viennese Waltz. In some cultures females bow instead of curtseying.



Isaac Butt

Isaac Butt (1813–1879) was an Irish nationalist political leader and president of the Home Rule Confederation of Great Britain, which sought to achieve Home Rule for Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Adam Yauch

Adam Nathaniel Yauch (August 5, 1964 - May 4, 2012) was an American rapper and movie director. He was a member of the Beastie Boys.

Yauch was born in Brooklyn, New York City. In 2009, he was diagnosed with salivary gland neoplasm. He died of the disease in New York City.

Zoosemiotics

Zoosemiotics is a branch of semiotics (and of biosemiotics) that studies sign processes and communication in animals.

Juri Lotman

Juri M. Lotman (28 February 1922 – 28 October 1993) was a semiotician and a professor in Russian literature, semiotics of and history of culture in the University of Tartu.

He established the semiotics school in Tartu, Estonia.

Świętochłowice

Świętochłowice is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. It has about 55,000 people and 13.31 km². The city is on the Rawa River.

Schnitzel

A schnitzel is a traditional German and Austrian dish. It is made out of boneless meat thinned with a hammer, coated in bread crumbs and fried. It is a popular part of Austrian cuisine. In Austria, the dish called "Wiener Schnitzel" is traditionally served with a slice of lemon and either Potato salad or potatoes with parsley and butter. 

The traditional Wiener schnitzel is made of veal. It is now often made of pork. When made of pork, it is often called "Schnitzel Wiener Art" in Germany. In Austria, by law it has to be called "Wiener Schnitzel vom Schwein" to show it is different it from the original. In Austria and Germany, the term "Wiener Schnitzel" is protected by law. Any schnitzel called by that name has to be made from veal. 

In Finland, watermelon is traditionally eaten with Schnitzel (pork Schnitzel is the most popular in the country). In New Zealand their beef Schnitzel meals are almost always eaten with a large serving of mashed potatoes and/or boiled vegetables.

Kaiserschmarrn

Kaiserschmarrn is a well-known Austrian dessert. It was popular in the former Austria–Hungary as well as in Bavaria. The Czech name is "trhanec" or "kajzršmorn". In Hungary it is called "császármorzsa" or simply "smarni".

Kaiserschmarrn is a light, caramelized pancake. It is made from a sweet batter using flour, eggs, sugar, salt, and milk, baked in butter. Kaiserschmarrn can be prepared in different ways. When making Kaiserschmarrn the egg-whites are usually separated from the yolk and beaten until stiff. Then the flour and the yolks are mixed with sugar, and the other ingredients are added. The pancake is split into pieces while frying, shredded after preparation. It is usually sprinkled with powdered sugar, then served hot with apple or plum sauce or various fruit compotes. Kaiserschmarrn is eaten like a dessert.

Traditionally Kaiserschmarrn is served with "Zwetschkenröster", a fruit compote made out of Plums.

Knödel

Knödel or Klöße are large round poached or boiled potato or bread dumplings, made without yeast. They are normal parts of Austrian, German, Hungarian, and Czech cuisine. They come in many different forms. They can be made from flour, potatoes, old bread, semolina, etc. In most types, they are used as a side dish for meat. They can also be served as a dessert or in a soup.

In Hungary, they are called "gombóc"; in the Czech Republic, "knedlík"; in Slovakia, knedľa, in Luxembourg, "Kniddel(en)", "cnigle" in Bukovina; and, in Italy, "canederli". In some parts of the United States, "klub" is used to mean potato dumplings. 

"Klöße" are large dumplings, steamed or boiled in hot water, made of dough from grated raw or mashed potatoes, eggs and flour. Similar semolina crack dumplings are made with semolina, egg and milk. They are called "Grießklößchen".
"Thüringer Klöße" are made from raw or boiled potatoes, or a mixture of both, and are often filled with croutons or ham. In Austria and Hungary they make large sweet dumplings or plum dumplings called Zwetschkenknödel. Gombotzen are made with flour & potato batter, by wrapping the potato dough around whole plums or apricots. They then are boiled and rolled in hot buttered caramelized bread crumbs. Topfenknödel are made with quark cheese (Topfen) and are traditionally topped with cinnamon sugar and served with apple sauce or with streusel.

"Königsberger Klopse" are not dumplings, they are made from ground meat and are related to "Frikadeller".

Tafelspitz

Tafelspitz is boiled beef in broth Viennese style.

Tafelspitz - boiled tri-tip - is a typical Austrian dish. The beef is simmered with root vegetables and spices in the broth. It is usually served with roasted slices of potato and a mix of minced apples and horseradish or sour cream mixed with horseradish. 
Franz Joseph I, Emperor of Austria, was a great lover of Tafelspitz. Tafelspitz is said to be the national dish of Austria.

Tafelspitz is the name of the meat cut which is used. It is usually from a young ox. The meat for Tafelspitz is well-aged pieces of beef, a cut of beef from the bottom sirloin primal cut. This cut is typically known in the United States as the tri-tip.
Austrian butchers gave almost every muscle of beef a separate name. The hind leg alone is parted into 16 cuts.

Schönbrunn Palace

Schönbrunn Palace is a former imperial 1,441-room Rococo summer residence in Vienna, Austria. It is one of the most important cultural monuments in the country. Since the 1960s it has been one of the major tourist attractions in Vienna. The palace and gardens show the tastes and interests of Habsburg monarchs.

In the year 1569, Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian II purchased a large floodplain of the Wien river. It was between Meidling and Hietzing. The emperor had the area to be fenced and put game there such as pheasants, ducks, deer and boar. This was the court's recreational hunting ground. In a small separate part of the area, "exotic" birds such as turkeys and peafowl were kept. Fishponds were built, too.

The name "Schönbrunn" (meaning "beautiful spring") is from an artesian well from which water was consumed by the court.

During the next century, the area was used as a hunting and recreation ground. Eleonora Gonzaga, who loved hunting, spent much time there. She was given the area as her widow's residence after the death of her husband, Ferdinand II. From 1638 to 1643, she added a palace to the Katterburg mansion. In 1642 it was called "Schönbrunn" for the first time. The start of the Schönbrunn orangery seem to go back to Eleonora Gonzaga as well.

The sculpted garden space between the palace and the "Sun Fountain" is called the "Great Parterre". The French garden, a big part of the area, was planned by "Jean Trehet" in 1695. It has a maze.

Western parts were turned into English garden style in 1828–1852. At the outmost western edge, a botanical garden was made in 1828.

Lining the Great Parterre are 32 sculptures, which represent deities and virtues.

After the end of the monarchy in 1918, the new Austrian Republic became the owner of Schönbrunn Palace. They made it a museum.

Later it was used for important events such as the meeting between John F. Kennedy and Nikita Khrushchev in 1961.

UNESCO catalogued Schönbrunn Palace on the World Heritage List in 1996, together with its gardens, as a remarkable Baroque ensemble and example of synthesis of the arts.

Hoher Dachstein

Hoher Dachstein is an Austrian mountain. It is the second highest mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps. It is at the border of Upper Austria and Styria in central Austria. It is the highest point in each of those states. Parts of it are also in the state of Salzburg. Because of this it is sometimes called the "Drei-Länder-Berg" ("three-state mountain").

The Dachstein has a rich cave system. The Dachstein is famous for its fossils, including megalodonts.

Salzkammergut

The Salzkammergut is a resort area in Austria. It goes from City of Salzburg to the Dachstein mountain range. The main river of the region is the Traun. The name Salzkammergut means "Estate of the Salt Chamber". This is from the Imperial Salt Chamber, the group who ran the precious salt mines in the Habsburg empire.

With its many lakes and mountains, the Salzkammergut has many opportunities for water sports, bathing, hiking, cycling and golf.

Parts of the area around Hallstatt were listed as a World Heritage Site in 1997. The World Heritage Site includes the towns Hallstatt, Obertraun, Gosau and Bad Goisern.

Semmering railway

The Semmering railway is a railway in Austria. It starts at Gloggnitz and leads over the Semmering to Mürzzuschlag. It was the first mountain railway in Europe built with a standard gauge track. It is commonly called the world's first true mountain railway. This is because of the very difficult terrain and the large altitude difference. It is still fully functional as a part of the South railway.

The Semmering railway was built between 1848 and 1854. There were about 20,000 workers. The director was Carl von Ghega. There are 14 tunnels, 16 viaducts and over 100 curved stone bridges as well as 11 small iron bridges. 

In 1998 the Semmering railway was added to the list of the UNESCO World Heritage sites.

Eggenberg Castle, Graz

Eggenberg Palace in Graz is the most significant Baroque palace in Styria, Austria. Schloss Eggenberg is among the most valuable cultural assets of Austria. It was the home of the House of Eggenberg. In 2010, Schloss Eggenberg was recognized listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The palace is on the western edge of the Styrian capital of Graz in the Eggenberg (Graz) district. The northern corner of the palace grounds has the Planetary Garden and Lapidarium of Roman stonework. There is a collection of over five centuries of European art history from the medieval to early modern period of European art history. These are in the palace itself.

David Cronenberg

David Cronenberg (born March 15, 1943) is a Canadian director, producer, screenwriter and actor. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He is of Jewish descent. 

Genre of his films is body horror. Many of them are considered classic of this genre. 

Cronenberg's work includes: "Rabid", "The Brood", "Scanners", "Videodrome", "The Fly", "Dead Ringers", "Crash", "A History of Violence", "Eastern Promises" and "A Dangerous Method".

Wachau

The Wachau is an Austrian valley. It has pretty landscape formed by the Danube river. It is one of the biggest tourist places of Lower Austria. It is midway between the towns of Melk and Krems. It is in length. People lived here in prehistoric times. 

A well-known place and tourist attraction is Dürnstein. This is where King Richard the Lion-Heart of England was held captive by Duke Leopold V. 

The Wachau is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. This is for its architectural and agricultural history.

Lake Neusiedl

Lake Neusiedl is the second largest steppe lake in Central Europe. It goes across the Austrian and Hungarian border. The lake covers 315 km². 240 km² is on the Austrian side and 75 km² on the Hungarian side. The lake's drainage basin has an area of about 1,120 km². From north to south, the lake is about 36 km long. It is between 6 km and 12 km wide from east to west. The lake is no more than 1.8 m deep.

Most of the lake is surrounded by reeds which serve as a home for animals. The lake is an important resting place for migratory birds.

In 2001 the national parks in Austria and Fertő-Hanság in Hungary were together accepted as a World Heritage Site.

Eurobeat

Eurobeat is electronic music derived from Italo-Disco and it has mainly been produced in Italy and Japan.



Maureen Stapleton

Maureen Stapleton (June 21, 1925 – March 13, 2006) was an American television, movie and theater actress. She had a limited movie career. She died on March 13, 2006 from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Tango &amp; Cash

Tango & Cash is a 1989 American buddy cop movie starring Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell. The movie is directed by Andrei Konchalovsky.

Stallone plays Ray Tango and Russell plays Gabriel Cash, LAPD narcotics detectives who are framed for murder by crime lord Yves Perret, played by Jack Palance. The officers have to work together to prove their innocence.

March of Azerbaijan

"Azərbaycan marşı" (, meaning "Azerbaijan March") is the national anthem of Azerbaijan. The song's music was composed by none other than Üzeyir Hacıbəyov. The words of the song were written by Əhməd Cavad.

The government of Azerbaijan made this song the country's national anthem in 1920, but shortly after, the Soviets invaded and then conquered them. Under the Soviet Union, playing this song was not allowed. Üzeyir Hacıbəyov, a famous composer, was forced to compose an Anthem of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. Decades went, and eventually, the USSR broke up. Right after, the new government of Azerbaijan made "Azerbaijan March" the national anthem again.

A part of the song is written on the back of the Azerbaijani 5 manat banknote issued since 2006.

The Azerbaijani law says that there are no official translations for this song.

Access network

An access network is the part of a telecommunications network that connects subscribers to their immediate service provider.

Backpacking

Backpacker or backpacking may refer to:


Azerbaijani people

The Azerbaijanis, (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycanlılar) are a Turkic people living mainly in the Republic of Azerbaijan and Iranian Azerbaijan. A small minority live in southern Dagestan in Russia.

After the Russo-Persian War (1804–1813) and Russo-Persian War (1826–1828), the land of the Iranian Qajar dynasty in the Caucasus were given to the Russian Empire which makes up the present territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan. Lands which Iran kept are now known as Iranian Azerbaijan. Even though they live on two sides of an international border, the Azerbaijanis are a single ethnic group. However, northerners and southerners differ due to nearly two centuries of separate social evolution of Iranian Azerbaijanis and Russian/Soviet-influenced Azerbaijan. The Azerbaijani language unifies Azerbaijanis, and is mutually intelligible with Turkmen, Qashqai, Gagauz, Turkish, and the dialects spoken by the Iraqi Turkmen, all of which belong to the Oghuz, or Western, group of Turkic languages. The Azerbaijanis are mostly Shia Muslim.



Unitary

Unitary may be:



Constitutional republic

A constitutional republic is a state where the chief executive and representatives are elected, and the rules are set down in a written constitution. 

The head of state (president) and other representatives are elected but they do not have uncontrolled power. What their power is limited to is written in the constitution. If there is dispute about what the constitution means, this is decided by a court system that is independent from the representatives.

Constitutional republics usually have a separation of powers. The separation of powers means that no single officeholder gets unlimited power. John Adams said that a constitutional republic was ""a government of laws, and not of men"".

This is meant to be a safeguard against tyranny. No office holder can get to a position of absolute power. However, some have argued that a constitution can be written in such a way that it lets tyranny arise, and that a constitution is therefore not a fail proof safeguard against tyranny.

Aristotle was the first to write about the idea in his works on politics.

Constitutional monarchies are a special case: even though the monarch is not elected, the people still elect other governing bodies. The constitution also limits the power of the monarch.

Comparisons can be made. There are countries which nominally are constitutional republics, but which have become (in effect) dictatorships. There are also countries which have no written constitution, and are monarchies, but which act in a similar way to constitutional republics.


Artur Rasizade

Artur Tahir oglu Rasizade (born 26 February 1935 in Ganja) was the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan from 2003 until 2018. Rasizada was a long-time Communist Party member during the Azerbaijan SSR period. He was Prime Minister from July 20, 1996 until August 4, 2003. 

He quit due to health reasons. This let President Heydar Aliyev's son Ilham Aliyev become Prime Minister. Rasizada continued to act as Prime Minister for Ilham Aliyev. He formally returned to the job on November 4, after Ilham Aliyev was elected as president.

Rasizade was awarded with Istiglal Order for his contributions to economic development of Azerbaijan by President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev on February 23, 2005.

Caucasian Albania

Albania (usually called Caucasian Albania is name is for the historical region of the eastern Caucasus. The native name for the country is unknown. It was on the land of present-day Azerbaijan and partially southern Dagestan.

1223

Year 1223 (MCCXXIII) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.




Singapore Standard Time

Singapore Standard Time (abbreviation: SST; ) or Singapore Time (abbreviation: SIN; ) is the time zone used in Singapore, 8 hours ahead of UTC ().

Singapore is situated 103° 51' 16" East of Greenwich and lies within the time zone. Before 31 May 1905, the local time was ahead of Greenwich Mean Time.

During World War II, when the Japanese occupied Singapore, was used, to follow Japan time, while and were used for daylight saving time. When Peninsular Malaysia moved its standard time 30 minutes ahead from to on 31 December 1981, Singapore shifted too.

The city state started using on 1 January 1982 and the country celebrated New Year's Day half an hour earlier.


The Vagina Monologues

The Vagina Monologues is a monologue play written by Eve Ensler. The production has been staged in many countries. Ensler originally starred in the play by herself, but she was later replaced by three celebrity monologists. A television version featuring Ensler was shown on cable TV channel HBO. Much of the profits made from the production went to women's anti-violence charities.


Amur leopard

The Amur leopard ("Panthera pardus orientalis") is a leopard subspecies. It is sometimes called the far eastern leopard.

The leopard lives in the Primorye region of southeastern Russia and in the Jilin Province of northeast China. It is critically endangered (IUCN). Only 14–20 adults and 5–6 cubs were counted in 2007. Only 19–26 Amur leopards live in the wild.

The Amur leopard's range has decreased considerably in the previous century. This species is still at high risk of extinction, and conservation efforts are ongoing. The Amur leopards are endangered because they have been hunted for their fur. Also because their food sources are running out due to them being hunted for their fur. Amur leopards can be recognized from the patterns in their fur. They weigh about . They live in temperate, broadleaf and mixed forests. The Amur Leopard almost extinct by human hunting. It's called human hunting since the humans tear down the forest so no tree and bushes so the leopard cannot hide. At that time, they hunt them and sell to get money.

The number of Amur cats is decreasing due to the human activity, invasion of domestic cats, and infectious disease. Because these cats play a huge role and the ecosystem cannot afford to lose such species, researchers found a way to regenerate the endangered animal. This can be done from culture cell with somatic cloning technique. 

They breed in spring and early summer. Most of them are in captive breeding programs. They give birth to one to four cubs. Inbreeding is common in the wild. Their diet consists of roe deer, sika deer, badgers and hares.

Among the Amur leopards, are Amur tigers, who are sympatric to Amur leopards. However, their activity patterns reveal low spatial overlap which allows these similar predators to coexist. 
4. Yang, Haitao; Zhao, Xiaodan; Han, Boyu; Wang, Tianming; Mou, Pu; Ge, Jianping; Feng, Limin (2018-03-22). "Spatiotemporal patterns of Amur leopards in northeast China: Influence of tigers, prey, and humans". Mammalian Biology 92 (2018): 120-128. 

Der Freischütz

Der Freischütz is an opera in three acts by Carl Maria von Weber with a libretto by Friedrich Kind. It premiered on 18 June 1821 at the Schauspielhaus Berlin. The title is usually translated as "The Marksman", or "The Freeshooter".

The opera is the first important German Romantic opera, especially in its national identity and stark emotionality.
The plot is based on the German folk legend of the Freischütz and many of its tunes were inspired by German folk music. Its unearthly portrayal of the supernatural in the famous Wolf's Glen scene has been described as "the most expressive rendering of the gruesome that is to be found in a musical score".

Jeremy Renner

Jeremy Lee Renner (born January 7, 1971) is an American actor, singer, and film producer. He is famous for his role in the movie "The Avengers". In "The Avengers", he plays Hawkeye, a.k.a. Clint Barton. He appeared largely in independent films, such as "Dahmer" and "Neo" Ned. Renner appeared in films, such as "S.W.A.T." and "28 Weeks Later".

Elles Bougent

Elles Bougent is a French voluntary association created in 2005 in order to attract high school girls and young students women to careers in transportation engineering (aerospace, car, rail).

The association was created in 2005 by Marie-Sophie Pawlak.

The association consists of natural persons (high school girls and women students in science and technology, women engineers or technicians in operation) and artificial person (companies, universities).


The Avengers (movie)

The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. It is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sixth movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and the last movie of Phase One. It premiered in Los Angeles on April 11, 2012 and was released in the United States on May 4. The movie was written and directed by Joss Whedon. It stars Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston, and Samuel L. Jackson, with Stellan Skarsgård, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Paul Bettany in supporting roles. It was positively welcomed from audiences, fans, and film critics alike. Three sequels have been released, titled "" (2015), "" (2018) and "" (2019).

Jōhei

, also romanized as Shōhei, was a after "Enchō" and before "Tengyō." This period started in April 931 and ended in May 938. The reigning emperor was .




Geraldine Page

Geraldine Page (22 November 1924 – 13 June 1987) was an American theater and movie actress. She was nominated for eight Academy Awards during her career. Page was born around Kirksville, Missouri.

Joanne

Joanne is a female based name. The pronunciation of the name is [ joh-an ]. The name Joanne is derived from the Hebrew name Yochanan, which means "God is gracious." It was popular as recently as around 1975 in Northern Ireland and United Kingdom. In Hebrew, Joanne means "God is Gracious". There are many celebrities who have the name, like Joanne Dru, Joanne Missingham, Joanne Woodward and Joanne Whalley. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Gethsemane

Gethsemane is a garden at the foot of the Mount of Olives. It is most famous for being the place where Jesus and his disciples are said to have prayed the night before Jesus' crucifixion.


Eldiguzids

The Ildegizids, Eldiguzids (, ) or Ildenizids, also known as Atabegs of Azerbaijan ( "Atabakan-e Āzarbayjan", ) A historical state that ruled Azerbaijan, eastern Anatolia, northern Iraq, Iran and Jibali in 1136-1225. 
The start of the dynasty is connected with Shamsaddin Eldaniz of Kipchak origin. Thus, Eldaniz, who took Arran as an iqta by Sultan Masud, soon spread his power throughout Azerbaijan.  After his son Arslanshah also ruled in 1160, Eldaniz seized power in the Seljuk sultanate of Iraq. During the reign of Shamsaddin Eldaniz, the lands covered Arran, Azerbaijan, Shirvan, Cibal, Hamadan, Gilan, Mazandaran, Isfahan, Rey, Mosul, Kirman, Persia, Khuzistan, Akhlat, Erzurum and Maragha.ere a Turkic dynasty of Kipchak origin. They controlled most of northwestern Persia, eastern Transcaucasia, including Arran, most of Azerbaijan, and Djibal. At their biggest, the land they had was about most of north-western and upper-central modern Iran, most of the regions of modern Azerbaijan and smaller portions in modern Armenia, Turkey and Iraq. 

The strengthening of the dynasty is connected with the period of Mohammad Jahan Pahlava.  After the death of Sultan Arslanshah in 1175, Jahan Pahlavan, who brought his 7-year-old son Togrul III to power, declared himself his ancestor and, like Shamsaddin Eldaniz, took de facto power. Atabey Jahan Pahlavan suppressed revolts against the central government and established friendly relations with the ruling dynasties in the neighborhood.  Since the period of Jahan Pahlava was a period of stability, cultural spheres developed in the lands under the rule of the Eldenizs.  During the reign of the mentioned Atabey, the capital of the Eldenizs was moved from Nakhchivan to Hamadan. 
Atabeg means ""father lord"" in Turkic languages. It was the title given to the Turkic officers of Seljuq dynasty. Atabegs were not only vice-regents, but also de-facto rulers.


Serafin R. Cuevas

Serafin R. Cuevas (25 June 1928 – 9 February 2014) was a Filipino lawyer and a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines appointed during the government of Ferdinand Marcos.

Serafin R. Cuevas was born on 25 June 1928 in Bacoor Cavite.
He went to Las Piñas Elementary School in his elementary education and to the University of Manila in his secondary education. He obtained his Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of the Philippines in 1952 and passed the Bar examination the same year.

He started his career as a professorial lecturer at the College of Law of the University of the Philippines and at the Institute of Law of the Far Eastern University. Afterwards, he became an Assistant Fiscal of the City of Manila and then as Judge to the Court of First Instance.

Before his appoinment as an Associate Justice to the Supreme Court of the Philippines on May 31, 1984, he was Associate Justice to the Intermediate Appellate Court.

Justice Cuevas died on February 9, 2014 from liver cancer. He was 85.

Constitution of Azerbaijan

The Constitution of Azerbaijan was started on 12 November 1995 by a popular referendum. It was changed three times by a popular referendums, on 24 August 2002, on 18 March 2009 and on 26 September 2016. The constitution is the "highest legal force" in Azerbaijan.

The Preamble to the Constitution says, in order to "provide prosperity and welfare of the whole society and each individual", that the following objectives be declared:



Azerbaijani manat

The Manat is the national money used in Azerbaijan. It is divided into 100 "qəpik". The word "manat" comes from the Russian word "moneta" which means coin. Manat was also the name of the Soviet ruble in both the Azerbaijani and Turkmen languages.

The Azerbaijani manat symbol, , is not easily typed on computers, so "m" or "man." can be used instead.
Azerbaijani manat is also written as AZN. In Azerbaijan people can only use manats. Azebaijani manats are more valuable than the United States dollar and almost as valuable as the Euro.



Azerbaijan Time

Azerbaijan Time, or AZT, is a time zone used in Azerbaijan. The standard time zone is four hours ahead of UTC (UTC+4). 
The daylight saving time, Azerbaijan Summer Time (AZST), which was one hour ahead of the standard AZT at UTC+5 was abolished in March 2016.

Left- and right-hand traffic

The driving side of a road is the side where vehicles must drive. Each country says whether vehicles will drive on the right-hand or left-hand side of the road. This is sometimes called the rule of the road. This basic rule makes traffic move more easily. It also lowers the risk of head-on collisions. Today about 66.1% of the world's people live in countries that drive on the right-hand side; 33.9% live in countries that drive on the left-hand side.

The side driven on is usually the other side from which a vehicle's steering wheel and instrument panel are located. That is, right-hand drive vehicles are normal when driving on the left-hand side of the road, and left-hand drive vehicles are used when driving on the right-hand side of the road.

Most countries that drive on the left-hand side are former British colonies. Some other countries chose the left-hand side of the road. These countries include: Japan, Thailand, Nepal, Bhutan, Mozambique, Suriname, East Timor, and Indonesia. Today, only four European countries drive on the left-hand, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Malta, and Cyprus, all of which are islands. There are several countries where their territories that exist outside the mainland drive on a different side from the mainland. One well-known example is that all of China drives on the right-hand except for its Special Administrative Regions Hong Kong and Macau, which drive on the left-hand.

Before the creation of the automobile, people mostly rode on the left-hand side, since most people were right-handed and would whip their horses with their left hands. Warriors in battle could also use their right hand to hold and control their weapon. During the 1700s, many farmers began to pull their vehicles using teams of horses rather than just one. In 1794, France passed the first right-hand driving laws, and this law would spread with Napoleon's conquests. The territories and regions of the former Austro-Hungarian and Portuguese Empires refused to change the direction of driving at first, but most eventually chose to drive on the right-side. Only Mozambique, East Timor, and Macau (all former Portuguese colonies) still drive on the left-side. Canada, Myanmar, Gibraltar, British Indian Ocean Territory, Belize, and a few countries in West Africa like Ghana, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and The Gambia all switched to driving on the right hand side of the road.

Répertoire national des certifications professionnelles

In France, the Répertoire national des certifications professionnelles was created by article L. 335-6 of the Education Code.

It makes available to individuals and businesses constantly updated information on educational degrees and certificates on the lists established by the national commissions. It helps to facilitate access to employment, human resources management and mobility.

Certifications stored in the directory are recognized throughout the country.

Under the authority of the Minister for Vocational Training, the "Commission nationale de la certification professionnelle" establishes and updates the "répertoire national des certifications professionnelles". It ensures the renewal and adaptation of diplomas.

Degrees are classified by field of activity and level. Diplomas are classified according to the levels of training approved by decision of the permanent group of vocational training and social advancement.


Agnieszka Radwańska

Agnieszka Roma Radwańska (born 6 March 1989 in Kraków) is a former Polish tennis player.

In 2007, Radwańska became the first Polish player to win a WTA singles title. In 2012 she lost the final of the Wimbledon Championships to Serena Williams. She won WTA Finals in Singapour in 2015.


Telephone numbers in Azerbaijan

Telephone numbers in Azerbaijan follow the recommended format for its telephone numbering plan.

A caller from outside Azerbaijan would dial the international access number, usually 00. They then dial the country code which is 994 for Azerbaijan. Then they dial the two-digit area code, and then the seven-digit local number. 

For a local call one simply dials the local number.

On 1 August 2011, Azerbaijan reorganized its national numbering plan for area codes. Only the area codes of Baku, Sumqayit, and the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic (area codes 12, 18 and 36) stayed the same as before. The following tables list both the old and new area codes.

Baku
Sumqayit
Baku region
Shirvan region
Ganja region
Quba region
Shaki region
Lankaran region
Shusha region
Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic

United Nations Human Rights Council

The United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) is in the United Nations System. The UNHRC took the place of the former United Nations Commission on Human Rights (CHR). It was established by the United Nations General Assembly. 

The General Assembly made the UNHRC on 15 March 2006. This was to replace the previous CHR. People did not like the CHR because they allowed countries with poor human rights records to be members.

UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon and former United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson have not liked that the council acts for politics instead of human rights. Several people have said the council focuses too much on the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. The United States did not take part in the Council when George W. Bush was president. They changed when Barack Obama became President.

On 18 June 2007, the UNHRC made a plan for future work. They will assess the human rights in all 192 UN Member States. They will also allow people and organizations to bring complaints about human rights violations to the attention of the Council.

Georgian people

The Georgians are a Caucasian ethnic group that come from Georgia. Large Georgian communities are also present throughout Russia, European Union, United States, and South America.

The majority of Georgians are Eastern Orthodox Christian. They mostly go by the national autocephalous Georgian Orthodox Church, which started in the 4th century. There are also Georgian Catholic and Muslim communities in Tbilisi and Adjara. Located in Caucasus at the edge of Europe, the Georgian people have tried to keep their Christian identity. There is a lot of pressure from the neighboring Muslim empires.

The Georgian language is the official language of the country.

Atropates

Atropates (c. 370 BC – after 321 BC) was a Persian nobleman who served Darius III and then Alexander III of Macedon. He made an independent kingdom. A dynasty was named after him. Diodorus Siculus calls him 'Atrapes'. Quintus Curtius wrongly names him 'Arsaces'.

At the end of the Achaemenid Empire, Atropates was governor ("satrap") of the Achaemenid province of Media. In the Battle of Gaugamela (October 331 BCE) between Darius and Alexander, Atropates was in charge of the Achaemenid troops of Media.

When Darius lost he went to the Median capital of Ecbatana. Atropates helped him. Darius tried to get a new army but could not. He left Ecbatana in June 330 BCE. After Darius' death a month later at the hands of Bessus, Atropates surrendered to Alexander. Alexander first chose Oxydates as satrap of Media. In 328-327 BCE Alexander did not trust in Oxydates' loyalty. Atropates was made satrap again. In 325-324, Atropates gave Baryaxes (a rebel of the area) to Alexander. Alexander thought highly of Atropates.

Alexander died on June 10, 323 BCE. Atropates' new son-in-law Perdiccas was named regent of Alexander's half-brother Philip III. After the "Partition of Babylon" in 323 BCE, Media was divided into two parts. The greater portion in the south-east was governed by Peithon, a general of Perdiccas. The smaller portion in the north west was given to Atropates. At some point, Atropates made his part of Media an independent kingdom. His son-in-law Perdiccas was murdered by Peithon in the summer of 320 BCE.

The dynasty Atropates made would rule the kingdom for several centuries. They became vassals of the Seleucids, then as vassals of the Arsacids.

The area of Atropates' kingdom was known to the Greeks as "Media Atropatene" after Atropates. Then as simply "Atropatene". The Arsacids called it 'Aturpatakan' in Parthian, as did also the Sassanids. Eventually Middle Iranian 'Aturpatakan' became 'Azerbaijan'. This is where the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Iranian province of Azerbaijan get their name.

370 BC

Year 370 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 





285 BC

Year 285 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 




350 BC

Year 350 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 









275 BC

Year 275 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 







203 BC

Year 203 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 



220 BC

Year 220 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 









230 BC

Year 230 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 








310 BC

Year 310 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 








380 BC

Year 380 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 







The Avengers (TV series)

The Avengers is a spy-fi television series of the 1960s. The show was aired from 7 January 1961 to 21 May 1969. The main characters of this show included Doctor David Keel, his partner John Steed. The female characters were Emma Peel (Diana Rigg) and Cathy Gale (played by Honor Blackman). The show began airing in the United Kingdom.

In the U.S., though, it was not aired until 10pm or afterward. This was due to violence and adult themes.

There were novels, radio programs and movies involving this series. Uma Thurman played Emma Peel in the movie of 1998.

Fernando Grostein Andrade

Fernando Grostein Andrade, or Fernando Andrade (born January 30, 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian filmmaker, director, producer, screenwriter and director of photography. He is known for the documentaries "Wandering Heart", with Caetano Veloso, and "Breaking the Taboo", featuring Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter that discusses alternatives to the failed war on drugs. Fernando is also known for his prolific work in advertisement and video clips. In 2009, Fernando founded the production house Spray Filmes. Located in the Jardins neighborhood in São Paulo, Spray Filmes acts in the realm of film, advertisement and internet production.

Fernando is the son of the PhD urbanist Marta Dora Grostein and the journalist Mario Escobar de Andrade, director of "Playboy" magazine in Brazil, who died in 1991. He is the brother, on his mother's side, of the TV host Luciano Huck.

Fernando got a degree in Business Administration at the Fundação Getúlio Vargas, in São Paulo. He studied film at CINUSP, USC and UCLA.

Fernando began his career in communications at 15 years of age at the advertisement agency DM9 and the radio station Jovem Pan 2. He also wrote articles for "Trip" magazine's website and for "Playboy" magazine.

In 2001, he made his first short film "Strawberry", the first shot in HD at 24 frames per second in Brazil. It introduced the actor Guilherme Berenguer in addition to the talent of other actors such as Fernanda Rodrigues and Daniel Dantas. The short film opened the International Brasília Festival, the 27th São Paulo International Film Festival, the Paulista Audio Visual Festival, as well as the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films. The short tells the tale of a boy whose girlfriend's sexual fantasy is to have sex in a bathtub filled with strawberry jam. Frightened, the boy is advised by his psychiatrist to play along with the girl's fantasies, but at their first family dinner together, he discovers that the shrink is her father.

In 2003, Fernando Andrade went on a journey with Caetano Veloso to São Paulo, New York and Japan. For 42 days, he documented the artist's discomfort with the recent success of his English language album internationally, revealing a new side of the Brazilian music master. With participations from Michelangelo Antonioni, Pedro Almodóvar and David Byrne, the documentary "Wandering Heart" premiered on the 24th of July in the Brazilian Circuit by way of Paramount. "Wandering Heart", directed, photographed and edited by Fernando, was screened at the "It's All True" Festival in 2008 and the Rome Festival of the same year. According to Eric J Lyman, Hollywood Reporter, it was "one of the highlights of the weekend." The screening took place at the Conciliacione auditorium, Blasco Giurato (Director of Photography of Cinema Paradiso) was there. The film has one of the last registries of the filmmaker Michelangelo Antonioni, before he died in 2007. The film critic and founder of the "It's All True" festival Amir Labaki, considered the documentary "The most revealing portrait of Caetano. A figure that is here to stay." The critic from "O Globo" newspaper, Marcelo Janot, considered it "The best film from the recent batch of documentaries of Brazilian musicians."

In 2010, Fernando directed the documentary short "Newspaper of the Future". The film documents changes within the newspaper "Folha de São Paulo" during the integration with its on-line counterpart, Folha.com. It also showcased the new graphic design template being implemented and presented to the newspapers employees. Filmed during 15 days at the newspapers headquarters and printing press in Tamboré, the production interviewed personalities such as Otavio Frias Filho, managing editor of Folha and the columnists: Clóvis Rossi, Juca Kfouri, José Simão and Barbara Gancia, amongst others.

In 2011, he released the documentary "Breaking the Taboo", which discusses alternative policies for the failed war on drugs and has the Ex-President of Brazil, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, as its anchor. The film features statements from Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Paulo Coelho, Dráuzio Varella, Gael Garcia Bernal and 4 other former heads of state from countries such as Colombia, Switzerland, Norway and Mexico. The film promoted debate in the media, schools and even in the Brazilian congress, with a speech by senator Eduardo Suplicy. Veja Magazine published a 9-page article on the film calling it "a meticulously crafted report made over two years with 168 interviews from personalities, some of them of the same caliber as mentioned above, and others less known, but no less credible." The television show Fantástico of Rede Globo aired an 8-minute report on the film and later polled the viewers on the subject, 57% voted in favor of legalization. Trip magazine published a cover story on the film. Filmed in 18 cities around the world, the interviewed subjects include premiers, policemen, inmates and rehabilitated addicts who help compose a board that debates and consolidates the films argument. Breaking the Taboo was filmed in 18 cities around the world with the scenery varying from FARC poppy plantations in the Colombian jungle to Amsterdam coffeeshops and the American capital. The Newspaper Folha de São Paulo considered that the film had "A consistent argumentative route, not necessarily aligned with common sense". The film also had repercussions in the English newspaper The Guardian: "The documentary highlights the perils of debating an issue so clouded by ideology and calls for an end to the stigmatization of the debate. It boasts the support of several former world leaders including Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter." The documentary is currently being adapted for the American and European market in partnership with the production house Current Sponge, led by Sam Branson, son of the entrepreneur Richard Branson.

In 2012, Fernando participated in the "Colors for Love" project of the Italian magazine Colors by directing and as serving as DP, on the short film "Cine Rincão" which tells the story of Paulo Eduardo, who was suddenly shot in the chest then went on to study film at the Criar Institute (an NGO which teaches film related skills to low income teens) and build the community movie theatre Cine Rincão. The soundtrack is by Lucas Lima and Caetano Veloso.

Fernando directs advertisements for Spray Filmes. In 2009 he filmed for ALmap BBDO the Open Cage campaign for the launch of the EOS convertible, an interactive film mixing 3d techniques with helicopter shots which received Gold at the FIAP and Wave Festival awards. In 2010 Fernando directed the Nestlé 90 year anniversary campaign. In 2010 he filmed the Grafiteiros campaign for the launch of Sprites new Can art, the campaign was re-edited in the next year for the X films. For Mitsubishi and Africa Advertisement Agency he filmed the "Make New Friends" campaign. For Arezzo and the art director Giovani Biano, Fernando filmed the "Love and Color" campaign.

Falling Down

Falling Down is a 1993 American crime drama movie directed by Joel Schumacher. It stars Michael Douglas as divorced defense engineer who was laid off the previous month. Foster has a mental breakdown and walks out of his car whilst in a traffic jam. He crosses Los Angeles, California on foot to go to his daughter's birthday party. He uses violence against many people he encounters. He is pursued by LAPD detective Prendergast, played by Robert Duvall.

Karabakh horse

The Karabakh horse , also known as Karabakh, is a mountain-steppe racing and riding horse. It is named after the geographic area where the horse was first developed, Karabakh in the Southern Caucasus. It is an area that is part of Azerbaijan. The highland part is currently under control by Armenia. The breed is noted for its good temper and speed. For example, in 2004 a Karabakh horse named Kishmish from the Agdam stud in Azerbaijan set a speed record by running 1000 metres in 1 minute 9 seconds, and 1600 metres in 1 minute, 52 seconds.

The breed is thought to be a cross-breeding of Akhal-Teke, Persian, Kabarda, Turkoman, and Arabian horse. Right now, the Karabakh is bred mainly in Azerbaijan's Shaki area. Currently the breed numbers are below 1,000. It is threatened with extinction.

The breed is hardy, strong, tough, and sure-footed.

The horse is not large. It is 14-15 hands high or 145–150 cm. They have small, clean-cut heads, a straight profile with broad foreheads, and nostrils that can dilate. The neck is set high, average in length, muscular and elegant. They have compact bodies with well defined and developed muscles. The shoulders are often quite upright. The horses have a deep chest, a sloping croup, and long, fine, but very strong legs, although the joints are small. The horses are narrow, not very deep through the girth, due to the Akhal-Teke influence.

Their skin is thin and soft with shiny hair. The main colors of the breed are chestnut and bay, with characteristic golden tint of the breed. They can also be gray. Rarely they can be Palomino or Buckskin. White markings are allowed.

They are fast and agile. The Karabakh horse is said to have a good endurance and loyalty to master.

The Karabakh horse is the national animal of Azerbaijan. It is the official symbol of the Agdam and Shaki regions. This horse is very important in Azerbaijan culture. They appear in literature and are on items such as postage stamps.

Alim Qasimov

Alim Qasimov (born 1957) is an Azerbaijani musician. He is one of the foremost mugam singers in Azerbaijan. He was awarded the International Music Council-UNESCO Music Prize in 1999. It is one of the highest international honors for music. His music is characterised by his vocal improvisation. It is a move away from the traditional style of mugham. Qasimov has recorded nine albums, three of which are mugham albums with his daughter, Ferghana Qasimova.

In 21 November 2009, he was included in a "500 most influential Muslims of world" book. The Icelandic singer Björk complimented Qasimov, by naming him as her "favourite singer alive today". In 2010, Alim Qasimov was nominated for the United States National Public Radio's "50 great voices in recorded history" award.


Folk dance

A folk dance is a dance that has some or all of the following:

Even though some people argue with it, folk dancing can be dancing for with no governing body or dancing for which there are no competitive or professional performances.

Types of European folk dance include: 
Sword dances include Longsword dances and rapier dancing. Some choreographed dances such as contra dance, Scottish country dance, and modern Western square dance, are called folk dances, though this is not true in the strictest sense. Country dance overlaps with contemporary folk dance and ballroom dance. Most country dances and ballroom dances are from folk dances, with small changes over the years.



Celebrations

Celebrations are a chocolate collection made by Mars, Incorporated. They were started in 1997. They are miniature versions of Mars-produced chocolate bars. With the tagline "Share the joy", Celebrations were the first mixed box of chocolates to bring together confectionery which had been already released in one box or tin. This was different than having new, especially-created candy. Celebrations are most popular around holidays, such as Christmas, Halloween and Easter.

They are miniature versions of the following Mars chocolates:

The selection sold in the United Kingdom also previously had:


Twix replaced Galaxy Truffle in 2011.

Celebration

Celebration may refer to:

Celebration may also be:

In Music:

Other:

Chokha

It has been in wide use among Caucasians from the 9th century until 1920s. Nowadays, chokha is no longer in use but continues to still be worn for ceremonial and festive occasions.

Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili made high-ranking Georgian officials working abroad to wear the national costume at official meetings. So, in the very center of Europe, in the 21st century, among the elegant ladies and gentlemen classic suits, you will find men in their Chokhas, and daggers around the waist.

There are Four types of Chokha worn among the Georgians:

In Georgia, the Black chokha was reserved to the "Order of Chokhosani". They represent the elite society of the citizens. These were people with special dedications such as: Great generals, heroes or some of the famous poets and the people who had done some big service to the country. Not even all of Lords were allowed in "Chokhosani Orden" and those who did proudly represented this rank in their clothing.

Chokha is sewn of thick fabric and is tight on the waist and wide on the bottom. In some parts of the Caucasus there are also female chokhas.

Generally, the chokha outfit includes a khanjali (the sword), the akhalukhi also know as the arkhalig (a shirt worn underneath the chokha), the gazyrs (the bullets), and the bashlyk (a hood, separate from the robe) or papakha (a tall fur hat).

Eastern world

The term Eastern world means very broadly the various cultures or social structures and philosophical systems of Eastern Asia or geographically the Eastern Culture. This includes the Indian subcontinent (which is Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, Nepal and sometimes Afghanistan), the Far East (which is China, Taiwan, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Philippines,
Malaysia, Mongolia, Indonesia, Japan, North Korea, South Korea), Australasia (Australia, New Zealand), Eastern Europe/Eurasia (Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan and Turkey). The Middle East/Near East and Central Asia are, as their names imply, often considered 'east' in terms of Europe

The division between "East" and "West" is from European cultural history. There is a difference between European Christendom and the alien cultures beyond it to the East. With the European colonization of the Americas the East/West distinction became global. The idea of an Eastern, "Indian" (Indies) or "Oriental" sphere was made stronger by ideas of racial as well as religious and cultural differences. Such differences were shown by Westerners in the scholarly tradition known as Orientalism and Indology. People from the East are known by certain regions in the West as "Oriental". During the Cold War, the term "Eastern world" was sometimes used to mean the Eastern Bloc, which was the Soviet Union, China and their communist allies. The term "Western world" often meant the United States and its NATO allies such as the United Kingdom. The idea is often another term for the Far East—a region that bears considerable cultural and religious sameness. Eastern philosophy, art, literature, and other traditions, are often found throughout the region in places of high importance, such as popular culture, architecture and traditional literature. The spread of Buddhism and Hindu Yoga is partly responsible for this.

Eastern culture has created many themes and traditions. Some important ones are:


Maiden Tower (Baku)

The Maiden Tower, also called Giz Galasi, is in the Old City, Baku in Azerbaijan. It is an ancient tower that shows the presence of Zoroastrians, Sassanians, Arabs, Persians, Shirvanis, Ottomans, and Russians. It was built in the 12th century as part of the walled city of Baku. It is on the UNESCO World Heritage List. The tower is one of the most noted landmarks and Azerbaijan's most distinctive national emblems. It is on the Manat and other official letter heads.

The Maiden Tower now has a museum.

Maiden Tower

Maiden Tower may be:


Palace of the Shirvanshahs

The Palace of the Shirvanshahs is the biggest monument of the Shirvan-Absheron branch of Azerbaijan architecture. It is in the Inner City of Baku. There is the main building of the palace, Divanhane, the burial vaults, the shah's mosque with a minaret, Seyid Yahya Bakuvi's mausoleum, a portal in the east - Murad's gate, a reservoir and the remnants of the bath-house.

The palace is shown on the front of the Azerbaijani 10,000 manat banknote of 1994-2006. It is also on the new 10 manat banknote.

Hand (unit)

The hand is a unit of measurement of length. It is now used only to measure the height of horses in some English-speaking countries, including Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States. This unit started in ancient Egypt and was originally based on the distance across a human hand. Today it is equal to four inches or 10.16 centimeters. It may be abbreviated to "h" or the plural "hh".

Diwan (poetry)

Diwan is a collection of poems. These poems were often written and collected in the royal courts of various sultanates. They were very well known for their ability to inspire.

Hand (disambiguation)

A hand is a body part.

Hand may also refer to:




Ghazal

The ghazal is a poetic form that has rhyming couplets and a refrain, with each line sharing the same meter. A ghazal talks about both the pain of loss and the beauty of love in spite of that pain. The form is ancient. It started in 6th century Arabic verse. It comes from the Arabian panegyric qasida. The structure of the ghazal are similar in strictness to those of the Petrarchan sonnet. In its style and content it is a genre with a lot of variety of expression around its central themes of love and separation. It is one of the main poetic forms the Indo-Perso-Arabic civilization gave to the eastern Islamic world. 

The ghazal spread into South Asia in the 12th century. This was because of the influence of Sufi mystics and the courts of the new Islamic Sultanate. Although the ghazal is mostly a form of Dari poetry and Urdu poetry, today it is found in the poetry of many languages of the Indian sub-continent. 

Ghazals were written by the Persian mystics and poets Rumi (13th century) and Hafiz (14th century), the Azeri poet Fuzuli (16th century), as well as Mirza Ghalib (1797–1869) and Muhammad Iqbal (1877–1938). Through Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749–1832), the ghazal became very popular in Germany during the 19th century. The form was used by Friedrich Rückert (1788–1866) and August von Platen (1796–1835). The Kashmiri-American poet Agha Shahid Ali liked the form. He edited a volume of "real ghazals in English". 

It is common in ghazals for the poet's name to be in the last verse. This is known as takhallus.

Jahan Shah

Muzaffar al-Din Jahan Shah ibn Yusuf (died 1467) was the leader of the Kara Koyunlu Oghuz Turkoman tribal federation in Azerbaijan. He ruled from about 1438 to 1467. He grew the Kara Koyunlu’s land to its largest. It included Western Anatolia, most of present day Iraq, central Iran, and even Kerman. He was one of the greatest rulers of the Kara Koyunlu. He was said to enjoy drinking and entertainment. During his rule Jahan Shah had the Gökmedrese and Muzafferiye theological schools built in his capital city Tabriz. Azerbaijani was his mother tongue and he wrote poems in this language.

Book of Dede Korkut

The Book of Dede Korkut, also spelled as Dada Gorgud, Dede Qorqut or Qorqit ata, is the most famous epic stories of the Oghuz Turks. The stories have values important to the social lifestyle of the nomadic Turks and their pre-Islamic beliefs. The book's mythic story is part of the culture of Turkic states. Some of those are Turkey, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan and to a smaller amount Kyrgyzstan.

The stories were first told orally before they were written as a book. There are many versions of the stories. Many dates have been used for the first written copies. Geoffery Lewis dates it fairly early in the 15th century. Cemal Kafadar said that it was no earlier than the 15th century. Stanford Jay Shaw (1977) in his history of the Ottoman empire dates it in the 14th century.

Abbas II of Persia

Shah Abbas II (born 31 December 1632; died 25/26 October 1666) was Shah of Iran from 1642 to 1666. He was the seventh Shah of the Safavid Dynasty. He was the son of Shah Safi I and a Circassian, Anna Khanum. His name was Sultan Muhammed Mirza until he became Shah on 15 May 1642. Since he was less than ten years old when he became shah, the job of governing Persia was given to the grand vizier Saru Taqi.

Saru Taqi tried to end corruption. He made many enemies. On 11 October 1645 he was killed by a group of army officers. Then Khalifa Sultan became grand vizier until his death in 1653 or 1654.

Abbas' reign was mostly peaceful. It was important for not having any Ottoman attacks. In 1648 Abbas conquered Kandahar. He kept it from attacks by Mughal India. He died in Khusruabad near Damghan on the night of 25–26 October 1666.


2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup

The 2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup women's football tournament is the third such tournament. It will be held in Azerbaijan from 22 September to 13 October, following a decision by the Executive Committee on 19 March 2010.

France won the title after defeating Korea DPR 1–1 (7–6 after pen.).

The official mascot of this World Cup is The Top Top Girl. This means ball in Azerbaijani. It is a young girl with the national flag painted on her cheeks. The body is blue, red, green and white like the host's national team. Her brown hair in a ponytail is meant to look like a buta. This is a curving decorative motif widely used in Azerbaijani art.

All four venues were first to be only in Baku. 
There will also be matches in Lankaran. Tofik Bakhramov Stadium is the stadium where the final stages will be held.

The following awards were given for the tournament:
<br>

<br>

Azerbaijan national futsal team

The Azerbaijan national futsal team is the national futsal team of Azerbaijan. It is controlled by Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan. It represents Azerbaijan in international futsal competitions and is ranked 15 in the world. This makes it the highest ranking team from Caucasus in the World Rankings.

Azerbaijan's first time at a big level came during UEFA European Futsal Championship 2010.



2010 UEFA Futsal Championship

The 2010 UEFA Futsal Championship was the sixth official edition of the UEFA-governed European Championship for national futsal teams. It was hosted by Hungary. It was between January 19 and January 30, 2010. There were two venues. One was in Budapest (Papp László Sportaréna) and one in Debrecen (Főnix Arena). For the first time, twelve teams were in the final round.

Spain defeated Portugal in the final by 4–2. This was the fifth title in a row for Spain.

Thirty-eight nations took part in the qualifying round. Hungary was selected because they were the host.


DreamWorks Animation

DreamWorks Animation LLC (also known as simply DreamWorks) is an American computer animation studio owned by Universal Pictures.


Edwin R. Leonard, CTO of DreamWorks Animation, won a special achievement award at the 2008 Annies for driving their innovative work with open-source software and Linux.



Bagan

Bagan (; also called Pagan) is an ancient city in the Mandalay region of Myanmar. It was the capital of the Kingdom of Pagan from the 9th to 13th centuries. During the kingdom's golden age between the 11th and 13th centuries, over 10,000 Buddhist temples, pagodas and monasteries were built in Bagan.

Now, the archaeological remains of over 2,200 of these temples and pagodas are in the surrounding plains. It is one of the biggest places for tourism in the country.



User guide

A user guide, also called a user manual or (less frequently) instruction manual, is a book about how to use something.

A computer usually has a user guide to tell people how to use it. A computer program also often has a user guide. 

The user guide is often written by the person who made the software. 

People who want to write a user guide must keep the words very simple so other people can understand what you are saying. It also helps to put many pictures into the user guide. 

If there are pictures, people who read or speak a different language can still understand what to do with the equipment or software.

Cyril Bourlon de Rouvre

Cyril Hubert Marie Bourlon de Rouvre is a French businessman and politician born the 19th of December 1945 at Boulogne-Billancourt.

After studies at the "collège Maspero" in Paris, then at the "collège Saint-Martin de France" in Pontoise, at the Oratory School in Reading, at the "Collège Saint-Jean" in Fribourg and at the "Lycée Janson-de-Sailly", Cyril Bourlon de Rouvre study electrical engineering at "Jussieu" before being graduate aerospace engineer at the "Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées".

In 1979, at the death of his father, murdered by his valet, he inherits a large real estate holdings, a sugar refinery and 28 companies. He is CEO of "Financière Robur et de Cofragec" (1982-1992), of "Coficine" (1984-1992), of "Gestimage" (1985-1992), of "Fabriques Sucre" company (1987-1992), of "Robur DA" (1988-1992), of SFDIC (1990-1992), general manager of " Éditions Robur" (1986-1992), of Elphora (1983-1992), of "Société Joyeux" (1985-1992), of Vrille (1987-1992), of 3C (1988-1992) and of the "Films de La Tour" (1989-1992).

In 1987, he started a new career into film distribution by acquiring, from the producer Robert Dorfmann, by one of its companies, the "Financière Robur", Cofragec company with its catalog of 650 films including "La Grande Vadrouille" or "La Vache et le Prisonnier".

In 1989, he starts a political career in "Haute-Marne", department where which his grandfather Charles de Rouvre was deputy during the French Third Republic. He is elected mayor of Chaumont, without political party against the centrist senator and mayor Georges Berchet, and regional councilor for the region Champagne-Ardenne (1992-1998).

Owner of the Formula 1 team AGS from March 1989 to 1991, he swallowed $18 million and began selling activities of his group, about 70 companies: First Transair, then the sugar factory, sold to the "Compagnie de Navigation Mixte", and in 1992, the catalog movies, lent to UGC in the form of a merger. In 1991, he gives AGS the Italians Gabriele Rafanelli and Patrizio Cantu.

In 1992, Cyril de Rouvre buys the Formula 1 team Guy Ligier for an estimated price of 200 million of francs. With his new owner, the team start again to be competitive and the 1993 season is a success, with a 5th place in the constructor rank (the best results since 1986). But the involvement of Cyril de Rouvre lasts only one season because of legal troubles.

The 14th of December 1993, the judge Eva Joly incarcerated him at the "Fleury-Mérogis" Prison, as part of a complaint for fraud filed by the leaders of UGC, Guy Verrecchia and Alain Sussfeld, following the takeover in June 1992 the company Cofragec. This company has been emptied of its assets, leaving a liability estimated at 172.6 million francs. Cyril de Rouvre had promised to repay this sum at the end of 1992 but at that time, he still had 100 million. On 5 May 1993, leaders of UGC have filed a complaint against him. He spent two months in prison.

In early 1994, he sold Ligier to Flavio Briatore.

He lost the mayor of Chaumont at the French municipal elections of 1995.

In 1996, a judicial investigation was opened against him at the "Tribunal de grande instance" of Chaumont. He appeared before the Criminal Court of this city in September 1999 for tax evasion. Knowing that the prosecution had asked him against three years imprisonment and 20-year ban on company management, he is sentenced the 19th of December 1999, date of his birthday, to 18 months imprisonment suspended and a ban from managing a company for 3 years and a fine large tax.


Settlement

Settlement may refer to:


Romanians

Romanians are a ethnic group and nation native to Romania. 

RNA polymerase

RNA polymerase (RNAP) is the enzyme which does transcription.The 2006 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to Roger D. Kornberg for creating detailed molecular images of RNA polymerase during various stages of the transcription process.

With the help of some other molecules, it makes messenger RNA from a strand of a DNA. This is its main function, but it does various other things. Products of RNAP include:

Eukaryotes have various RNAPs in their nuclei, each to synthesis a type of RNA. All are similar and related to each other and to bacterial RNAP:

Eukaryotic chloroplasts have an RNAP very similar to bacterial RNAP ("plastid-encoded polymerase"). Eukaryotic chloroplasts also have a second, unrelated, RNAP.

Eukaryotic mitochondria contain an unrelated RNAP (member of the "single-subunit RNAP" protein family).

X-ray crystallography of DNA and RNA polymerases show that, other than having a Mg ion at the catalytic site, they are virtually unrelated to each other. So the two classes of enzyme have arisen independently twice in the early evolution of cells. One line led to the modern DNA polymerases and reverse transcriptases. The other line led to all modern cellular RNA polymerases.

Weronika Książkiewicz

Weronika Książkiewicz (born March 21, 1981) is a Polish movie and television actress.

Weronika Książkiewicz born in 1981 in Moscow. Her mother is Polish and her father is Russian. Weronika has a son, Borys Aleksander.


Gameloft

Gameloft S. A. ("SA" means "Société anonyme", a French company type) is a developer and publisher for mobile games, for example Java-based phones, Android, and iPhone. Its headquarters are in Paris, France. It was founded in the year 1999 by Michel Guillemot, who stepped down as head of the company during mass media company Vivendi's hostile takeover of Gameloft in 2015.

The company was founded in 1999, but it really started to make profits in 2003. At the end of 2007, Gameloft announced that it is now the biggest video game company for mobile devices, with a revenue of 26 million euros. At that moment, more than 4,000 employees were working for Gameloft.

In 2011, Gameloft had a revenue of US$164.4 million. This is an increase of 17% compared to 2010. Its games have been downloaded more than 125 million times.

Gameloft released a system called "Gameloft Live", a community platform for games. It lets players share their results, create profiles, etc. A free registration is required to use it. Games that support online multiplayer use Gameloft Live as their connection platform.


Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport

Adolfo Suárez, Madrid-Barajas Airport is Madrid's biggest airport. It is in the district of Barajas, northeast of the centre of Madrid. On March 24, 2014, the Spanish government announced that they will rename the airport after last Prime Minister of Spain Adolfo Suarez.

The airport was originally set up in 1931. At first it was only a small building. The first terminal, now known as Terminal 2, was built in 1952. Air traffic increased. It was designed by Madrid-based architect Antonio Lamela. Because of this the airport was again expanded in 1971. Terminal 1 was made. It was meant for international traffic. In 1997, Terminal 3, then known as "Terminal Norte" opened. It was mainly for the Air Shuttle service between Madrid and Barcelona. Terminal 4 was opened, together with its satellite terminal, in February 2006.

The airport has four terminal buildings and a satellite terminal: T1, T2, T3, T4 and T4S. 
The three first are connected. T4 can be reached with a free shuttle bus. The satellite terminal is reachable from the T4 by an underground automatic train.

The "metro de Madrid" underground line 8 stops at terminal T2 and at terminal T4, and a supplement applies for both stops. Renfe commuter trains ("Cercanías") on the C-1 line stop at terminal T4. The airport is also connected by bus and coach services to regional and national destinations.


Jeff Bridges

Jeffrey Leon “Jeff” Bridges (born December 4, 1949) is an American actor and singer. he was born in Los Angeles, California to actor Lloyd Bridges (1913–1998) and actress Dorothy Bridges (née Simpson, 1915–2009). His brother Beau Bridges (born 1941) is also an actor.

Bridges has starred in many movies, including: "Starman", "The Fisher King", "The Vanishing", "The Big Lebowski", "Arlington Road", "The Contender", "K-PAX", "Seabiscuit", "The Door in the Floor", "Iron Man", "Crazy Heart" and "True Grit".

On October 19, 2020, Bridges announced that he had been diagnosed with lymphoma and has gone through chemotherapy. Bridges also announced he contracted COVID-19 while in treatment and noted it was a difficult experience which he said made cancer "look like a piece of cake." He said he is now fully vaccinated against COVID-19.

Don't Say a Word

Don't Say a Word is a 2001 American psychological thriller movie starring Michael Douglas, Brittany Murphy and Sean Bean. It was directed by Gary Fleder and is based on the novel Don't Say a Word by Andrew Klavan.

Douglas plays New York psychiatrist Nathan Conrad, whose daughter is kidnapped by gang leader Patrick Koster (Bean) in order to force him to get catatonic post-traumatic stress disorder psychiatric patient Elisabeth Burrows (Brittany Murphy) to tell him a number which only she knows. Kloster wants that number because it will lead him to the whereabouts of a stolen diamond.

Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle

Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle (, abbreviation USK) is the official computer games rating organization in Germany. All ratings by USK are official and fall under law, so you must appreciate them. You have to show the seller your passport if you fall under age restrictions: USK ensures that computer games are only sold to children and young people if the contents of the games have been approved as OK for them.

The USK has been founded in 1994 and has it headquarters in Berlin, Germany. Around 30,000 video games have been checked for approval since the beginning; every year more than 1,000 games are submitted by publishers. USK defines itself as "the strictest age classification rules in the world". The game is not allowed to be sold in Germany if there is no USK verification.



Not Going Out

Not Going Out is a British television sitcom set in London Docklands. It began on 6 October 2006 and is shown on BBC One. It stars Lee Mack as Lee, who is from Chorley, Lancashire. Megan Dodds plays his Californian landlady Kate in series 1. Sally Bretton plays Lucy, who is brought in at the beginning of series 2 to become Lee's new landlady when Kate moves back to California. Tim Vine plays Timothy - who is Lee's best friend, Kate's ex-boyfriend and Lucy's brother. Tim is written out when he moves to Germany. Lee marries Lucy, they have three children and move to the suburbs.

Jeremy Irons

Jeremy John Irons (born 19 September 1948) is an English actor and activist. The movies in which he has starred include "The Lion King" (1994), "Die Hard with a Vengeance" (1995), "Lolita" (1997), and "" (2016).

Irons trained as an actor at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. He played John the Baptist and Judas in "Godspell" for a total of 1,128 performances. In 2005, Irons won both an Emmy award and a Golden Globe award for his supporting role in the television mini-series, "Elizabeth I".

Ashik

An Ashik is a traveling bard, in Turkey, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Armenia, and Iran. They sing and play the saz, a form of lute. The songs are made up on the spot around common ideas.

The Ashik tradition started with the Shamanistic beliefs of ancient Turkic peoples. The ancient ashiks were called by many names. Some names were "bakhshi" (Baxşı), dede (dədə), and uzan or ozan. They helped keep oral tradition, helped make a shared value system and kept the culture of their people. 

In September 2009, Azerbaijan’s ashik art was added to the UNESCO Cultural Heritage Lists. The word Ashik comes from the Arabic word "Asheq". It means the "one who is in love".

Akinchi

Akinchi, also written as Ekinchi ( / اکينچي) was an Azerbaijan newspaper. It was made in Baku It was the first newspaper fully printed in the Azerbaijani language. It was also the first newspaper in Russia printed in a Turkic language. The name means "The Ploughman".

Hasan bey Zardabi started the newspaper. He was a journalist, teacher and scientist. "Akinchi" was thought to be almost revolutionary because of the language it was made in and that so many people could read it. Zardabi used a simpler form of the Azeri language so more people could read the paper.

The Russian governor of the Caucasus Dmitry Staroselsky liked Zardabi's plans. Staroselsky supported him in starting "Akinchi". He was also the one to name the newspaper. He thought the name would make the authorities think that "Akinchi" was non-political and about agriculture. In addition to agriculture articles Zardabi wrote about medicine and biology. There were also stories about the social and cultural state of Muslims in the Caucasus. The first issue of "Akinchi" was printed on 22 July 1875.

Partly because Staroselsky left, the paper ended on 29 September 1877. There was also little money and few readers. There were only 300 constant readers. The paper helped there be more journalism in Azerbaijan.


Raion

A raion (or rayon) is the name of a way several former Soviet republics are divided. The word is from French "rayon" which means 'honeycomb, department'. It describes both a type of a subnational entity and a division of a city. It is commonly written in English as "district". Raion also can be used simply as a second division without anything to do with ethnicity or nationality. A raion is usually two steps below the national level. In smaller countries it could be the first level.

After the fall of the Soviet Union, some of the republics kept the "raion" (e.g. Azerbaijan, Belarus, Ukraine, Russia, Moldova, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan) while others dropped it (e.g. Georgia, Uzbekistan, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Armenia, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan).

Autonomous republic

An autonomous republic is a type of administrative division similar to a province. Many autonomous republics are in countries that used to be part of the Soviet Union. The most are in Russia. 

Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic

The Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic (, ) is a landlocked exclave of the Republic of Azerbaijan. The region covers with a population of 459,600 bordering Armenia (border ) to the east and north, Iran (border ) to the south and west, and Turkey (border ) to the northwest.

"Nakhchivan" is believed to have Persian origins, with "Nakhjavan" meaning "place of descent" or "landing." The name could be associated with geographical features or historical events in the region.

Nakhchivan has a rich history dating back to ancient times. It was part of various empires, including the Persian and Ottoman. In the 20th century, it became an autonomous republic within the Soviet Union. Today, it's an integral part of Azerbaijan, maintaining its unique cultural and historical significance.

Nakhchivan has eight administrative divisions. Seven of these are districts, while the capital city is separate.







Khachmaz (city)

Khachmaz is a city in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

The name comes from "khachmataki" which is a tribe of Huns. The economy of Khachmaz is partly agricultural, partly tourist based, and some industries. The main tourist place is the Nabran district.

Spitting spider

A spitting spider is a spider in the family Scytodidae. There are more than 150 species of spitting spider in the world. Spitting spiders are related to the recluse spiders in the "Sicariidae" family.

The name "spitting spider" comes from the way these spiders hunt. The spider spits a sticky and poisonous liquid at its prey. The liquid congeals (becomes solid) around the target. When the prey is trapped, the spider bites it to kill it with venom. It then wraps the prey in spider silk like many other spiders do.

A spitting spider attack is very fast. It takes about 1/700th of a second. This kind of spider can spit . The spider spits in a Z pattern and criss-crosses its prey in sticky liquid.

There are five genera of spitting spiders:

Tilda Swinton

Katherine Mathilda Swinton (born 5 November 1960) is an English actress well known for both arthouse and mainstream movies, which include "The Chronicles of Narnia". Swinton was born in London to John Swinton (born 1925) and Australian Judith (née Killen).

She graduated from New Hall in 1983. While at college, she joined the Communist Party.

Swinton worked with the Traverse Theatre in Edinburgh and the Royal Shakespeare Company. She worked with director Derek Jarman for most of her early movies.

Amedeo Avogadro

Amedeo Avogadro (9 August 1776, Turin, Piedmont – 9 July 1856) was an Italian scientist. He is most famous for his contributions to molecular theory. The number of elementary entities (atoms, molecules, ions or other particles) in 1 mole of a substance, , is known as the Avogadro constant.

Martin Chalfie

Martin Chalfie is a biochemist from the United States. In 2008, he shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry along with Osamu Shimomura and Roger Y. Tsien "for the discovery and development of the green fluorescent protein, GFP".

Takashi Kasahara (footballer, born 1988)

Absheron District

Absheron Rayon, also spelled as Apsheron, is a raion of Azerbaijan. There is also an Absheron Peninsula, but they are not in the same area.

Absheron was started in 1963 by the Soviet government. There are lots of historical monuments in Absheron. For example, in the village Aşağı Güzdək there are agricultural tools from the 19th century. In Goradile village, there is Abdurrahman mosque from the 19th century. Mosques from the 18th century are in Məmmədli. Ancient wells which provided water supply to people living in this territory are still used in Aşağı Güzdək and Xirdalan. Tombs from 8th - 18th centuries are also kept: in Fatmai, Digah, Masazir, Hökməli and Saray.

The name Absheron comes from the words 'ap shuran'. This means 'place of salty water' in an ancient Iranian Azeri language.

Rayon

Rayon is a manufactured reconstituted cellulose fiber. It is made from purified cellulose. This is mainly from wood pulp, which is chemically changed into a soluble compound. It is then dissolved and forced through a spinneret to produce filaments. These are chemically solidified, resulting in man-made fibres of nearly pure cellulose. Because rayon is manufactured from naturally occurring polymers, it is considered a semi-synthetic fiber.

<br>

Khizi District

Khizi (Xızı) is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is the village of Xızı. This raion has the smallest number of people in Azerbaijan. The raion has a large variety of landscapes. On the flat Caspian coast there are irrigated cattle and chicken-breeding lowlands around Shurabad. West of Giläzi, the Xızı road goes through semi-desert landscapes known as the Candy Cane Mountains. Around 10 km west of Xızı town, the green, heavily forested hills around Alti Agach which are the Altyaghach National Park. The national park is home to the rare East Caucasian Tur, a mountain dwelling goat antelope found only in the eastern half of the Caucasus Mountains.

Patsy Kensit

Patricia Jude Francis Kensit (born 4 March 1968) is a British actress, model, and singer. She was born in Hounslow, London to an Irish mother and English father.

Kensit's movie roles include "Absolute Beginners", "Lethal Weapon 2" and "Twenty-One". She acted in soap opera "Emmerdale" from 2004–2006 and in medical drama "Holby City" from 2007–2010. 

Kensit was a contestant in the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". She is a housemate in the January 2015 series of Celebrity Big Brother (UK). 

Kensit is a Roman Catholic. She has been married to four musicians: Dan Donovan (1988–1991), Jim Kerr (1992–1996), Liam Gallagher (1997–2000) and Jeremy Healy (2009–2010). The first three marriages ended in divorce. She is separated from her fourth husband. She has two sons - one by Kerr and one by Gallagher.

Lethal Weapon

Lethal Weapon is a 1987 American buddy cop action movie. It was directed by Richard Donner and produced by him and Joel Silver. It was written by Shane Black. It stars Mel Gibson and Danny Glover as LAPD sergeants. Gibson plays narcotics sergeant Martin Riggs and Glover plays homicide sergeant Roger Murtaugh. They are very different from each other. However, they have to work together to stop a gang of heroin smugglers, including characters played by Gary Busey and Mitchell Ryan.

It is the first in a series of four movies.

Macedonian phalanx

The Macedonian phalanx is an infantry formation developed by Philip II. It was used by his son Alexander the Great to conquer the Persian Empire. The formation was made up of spearmen carrying 18 to 20 ft (5.56 m) long pikes. These were called sarissas. They were two-handed; the smaller shields were slung over the left shoulder. 

The Macedonian phalanx was impregnable from the front, but vulnerable from the sides and back, where it could be attacked by the enemy cavalry. Therefore, the system required protection, which it got from the Macedonian cavalry, which was the most flexible force. At the start of a battle, Alexander used the phalanx to pin down the enemy. His heavy cavalry would drive the enemy horse from the field, and then charge selected opponents or exposed enemy unit flanks. Then, the phalanx would move against the centre. 

The early Greek city states often fought on narrow valley floors, where cavalry was not so important. Often, there was little or no cavalry. But in the Greco-Persian Wars, the battles were fought on more open land, where cavalry was a great force. An example of this is the Battle of Gaugamela. There, Alexander manoeuvered to the right to prevent a double envelopment from the Persian army. Darius commanded his cavalry on his left flank to check the oblique movement of the Greeks by attacking their cavalry. Alexander's Companion cavalry then charged the weakened enemy center where Darius was posted and were followed by the phalanx formation.

List of settlements in Florida

There are 267 cities, 123 towns, and 21 villages in the state of Florida in the United States. It adds up to 411 incorporated municipalities. They are distributed across 67 counties, in addition to 66 county governments. The government of Jacksonville is the only city council in the state that is also a county government.



List of cities in Idaho

This is a list of cities in Idaho. Population is from the 2020 Census data.


List of cities in Arkansas

This page is an alphabetical list of cities and towns in Arkansas.
























List of towns in Virginia

This is a complete list of towns in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States. 

, there are 190 incorporated towns. Some of them are as large as independent cities. For a complete list of independent cities, see List of cities in Virginia. For major unincorporated population centers, see List of unincorporated towns in Virginia. For a list of counties, see List of counties in Virginia.
























Confectionery

Confectionery or sweets is a type of food that has a lot of sugar in it and is very sweet. It often includes things that are rich in artificial sweeteners, flavours and colourings. The words candy (North America), sweets (UK and Ireland) and lollies (Australia and New Zealand) are also used for the many kinds of confections. Confections are usually low in nutrients but rich in calories. Sweets can come from anywhere.

Sustainable seafood

For thousands of years, people have caught and eaten fish and seafood. Today this has become a problem: The population has increased, and more fish and seafood need to be caught to feed all the people. This means that the populations of fish have less time to regenerate, and they get depleted, which is known as overfishing. Sustainable seafood is the idea of catching the fish, without putting the ecosystem they come from in danger. Sustainable seafood is either caught wild, or it is farmed, but without endangering the ecosystem, and giving the stocks a chance to grow. There are different non-profit organizations that watch over these rules. Special "labels" have been created so the consumer can see that the fish or seafood was bred or caught in accordance with these rules.

Pacifica, California

Pacifica is a city in San Mateo County, California. It is on the coast of the Pacific Ocean between San Francisco and Half Moon Bay.

According to the City's 2009 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top employers in the city are:

The public elementary and middle school district, known as Pacifica School District, (formerly the Laguna Salada School District), consists of Vallemar, Cabrillo, Ingrid B. Lacy, Sunset Ridge, Ortega, Linda Mar and Ocean Shore schools. Pacifica has one private high school and two public high schools which are part of the Jefferson Union High School District.

Peninsula Library System operates the Pacifica-Sanchez Library and the Pacifica-Sharp Park Library.

Howlin' Wolf

Chester Arthur Burnett (10 June 1910 – 10 January 1976), known as Howlin' Wolf, was an American blues singer. He was born on a plantation near Ruleville, Mississippi. Burnett tried to emulate the singing style of Jimmie Rodgers, a white, country yodeler. Although he never mastered the yodeling technique, his distinctive style earned him the nickname of "The Wolf".

Burnett traveled around the Mississippi delta for nearly twenty years singing with famous blues artists, including Robert Johnson and Sonny Boy Williamson. In 1949, the Wolf moved to Chicago and spent time with Muddy Waters. They recorded for Chess Records. While Waters toured the country performing, Burnett began to play at several of the Chicago clubs frequented by Waters. After Burnett was embraced by the Chicago R&B scene, a rivalry developed between him and Waters.

The Wolf had a series of hits in the 1950s, including "Moanin' at Midnight", "Killing Floo", "How Many More Years", "I Ain't Smart", and "Smokestack Lightin'".

Hercule Poirot

Hercule Poirot is a fictional detective. He was created by Agatha Christie. He was in 33 novels and 51 short stories. The stories were published between 1920 and 1975.

Poirot has been portrayed on radio, on screen, for films and television. Some of the actors who played him are John Moffatt, Albert Finney, Sir Peter Ustinov, Sir Ian Holm, Tony Randall, Alfred Molina and David Suchet.



Oligochaete

Oligochaetes are a subclass of worms in the phylum Annelida.

With around 10,000 species the Oligochaetes make up about a half of the phylum Annelida. These worms usually have few chaetae or "bristles" on the outer body surface, unlike polychaetes. The best known is the garden earthworm.

Oligochaetes are segmented worms and most have a spacious body cavity (coelom) which is used as a hydroskeleton. They range in length from less than 0.5 millimetres (0.020 in) up to 2 to 3 metres (6.6 to 9.8 ft) in the 'giant' species such as the Giant Gippsland Earthworm and the Mekong Worm "Amynthas mekongianus".

Worm

A worm is a bilateral animal. It usually has no arms or legs, and a slender cylinder-like body. 

Worms come in many different sizes. Some species are very small, while the bootlace worm has been known to grow up to nearly 60 meters (almost 200 feet). One of the best-known types of worms are earthworms.

Worm is not a term used by itself in animal classification. There are worms which belong to several phyla. Examples of words include: Annelids, nematodes, platyhelminthes, ribbon worms, arrow worms, priapulid worms, and some insect larvae. They are all animals which may be called 'worms'.


Many unrelated insect larvae are called "worms", such as the railroad worm, woodworm, glowworm, bloodworm, inchworm, mealworm, silkworm, and woolly bear worm.

Worms may also be called helminths, particularly in medical terminology when referring to parasitic worms, especially the Nematoda (roundworms) and Cestoda (tapeworms). "Helminthology" is the study of parasitic worms. When a human or an animal, such as a dog or horse, is said to "have worms", it means that it is infested with parasitic worms, typically roundworms or tapeworms. Deworming kills off the worms that have infected a human or animal by giving anthelmintic drugs.

"Ringworm" is not a worm at all, but a skin fungus.

Worms include several groups. The three main phyla are:



Bush Doctor

Bush Doctor is the fourth studio album from Peter Tosh. It was released in 1978. One of the songs on it is a duet with Mick Jagger on "Don't Look Back".

MMO

MMO may refer to:



Ikariam

Ikariam is a browser-based massively multiplayer online (MMO) game. It is from the company Gameforge AG. "Ikariam" is a strategy, text/picture based game. "Ikariam" was released in 2008. It is currently, as of May 2, 2012, on version 0.5.0. The game is set during the era of Ancient Greece.

The aim of the game is to expand the town which is controlled by a player, to gather resources and conquer other players. The game can be played for short periods of time. The player can build and research and it is during real time so the player can return at a later point and assign the town's people a new tasks. Upon registering, players are given control of a small town. The town's people pay taxes to the player or can be sent to gather resources instead. The game world is split into islands, each of which can support up to 16 (or up to 17 if the player purchases ambrosia) players and their towns. Each island has a structure called a Saw Mill. There are four types of islands, one is a crystal, one is sulfur, one is wine, and one is marble. With those four resources the player may construct buildings such as barracks, shipyards and academies. Citizens of the town can then be trained as soldiers, sent to research new technologies, or perform other tasks, which they are paid tax money for undertaking. Citizens must be kept happy to prevent them from leaving the town. Citizens happiness factors change multiple ways, the construction of a tavern is one of the best ways to gain happiness. Another way to gain is by building museums and set up cultural treaties with other players.

The game also provides four advisors to guide the player throughout the game; they are shown in the top right of the screen. From left to right the names are: Towns, Military, Research and Diplomacy.


Ikariam is free-to-play but players may opt to purchase in-game advantages via a Microtransaction system. This will give them access to a sixth resource called Ambrosia, which can be used for Ikariam Plus, the premium version of Ikariam.

On building an embassy and upgrading it to level three a player is then able to create an alliance. An alliance is a group of players with the same interests or goals. The players can also put their own units into each others towns for extra defense. With an alliance you can do join raids and work together on taking over towns. If you are the leader of the alliance, how many members you can have in your alliance depends on your embassy level. Also, you get a small amount of "bonus" resources each day, depending on the number of people in your alliance. An alliance has three jobs that can be assigned by the leader: the Diplomat, the General and the Home Secretary. The diplomat is responsible for making treaties, answering messages sent to the alliance, and editing the external alliance page which is viewable by all players. The General is responsible for overlooking all alliance members military movements, and has the ability to call off any attacks being made by alliance members. The Home Secretary is responsible for editing ranks within the alliance and editing the internal alliance page which is viewed only by the alliance members.

There are many worlds in "Ikariam". The current worlds go from Alpha to Ypsilon.


Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation

Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation (abbreviated "MC3") is a shooter game by the developer and publisher Gameloft. It was released end October 2011 for iOS devices and mid December for Android devices. It is a sequel to 2009's "Modern Combat: Sandstorm" and 2010's "Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus". 

In the backstory to the game, terrorists from North Korea, Pakistan and Russia have formed an alliance with the name "K.P.R.". Led by General Popovich and General Tong, the K.P.R. alliance declared war to the United States. After they hacked the U.S. defense network down, K.P.R. went on US territory and deployed several big weapons in American cities.

The game begins in Los Angeles, as Corporal James Walker and his team are going into the NSA building. They need to secure important information in the building. After some successful missions, Walker is contacted by Sergeant Downs. Then, Walker is in the "Phantom Unit". They are then sent on a mission to Alaska to locate and secure a missing group of American soldiers.

Later, Phantom Unit goes to Pakistan. They have to capture Edward Page, a former US Ranger who has joined the K.P.R. Alliance. After his capture, Page says that General Tong is planning to bomb America from North Korea. The squad can kill Tong, but after a while Popovich captures Downs and Walker. A nuclear missile is then launched to destroy Seattle. As prisoners of K.P.R., they can escape after a while, destroy the nuclear weapons. After that, the US miliary can end the KPR threat by retaking American ground.

As with both "Sandstorm" and "Black Pegasus", "Fallen Nation" has received relatively positive reviews.

Slide to Play rated the game a 4/4, saying ""Modern Combat 3" is a gorgeous, adrenaline rush of a game that capably answers the (mobile) call of duty.

IGN gave the game an 8.5/10 and called it "a huge, intense, and polished shooter. "Modern Combat 3" is the best FPS on mobile devices"

TouchArcade also gave a positive review, concluding that "if you want to play first person shooters on your iOS device, "Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation" is a must-buy game."

Reactivity series

In introductory chemistry, the reactivity series or activity series is an empirical series of metals, in order of chemical reactivity from highest to lowest. It is used to summarize information about the chemical reactions of metals with acids and water, single displacement reactions and the extraction of metals from their ores. The elements at a higher level are more reactive, whereas the elements at a lower level are less reactive.

The reactivity series reads as follows, starting at the most reactive, going down to the least reactive:


Vidal Sassoon

Vidal Sassoon (17 January 1928 - 9 May 2012) was a British hairdresser. He was born in Hammersmith, London to Sephardi Jewish parents. He moved to New York in the late 1960s. He later moved to Los Angeles, California. Sassoon was married four times. The first three marriages ended in divorce. His second marriage was to Canadian actress Beverly Adams (born 1940). The couple had three children together and adopted another. Sassoon was diagnosed with leukemia in 2009 and died at his Bel Air, Los Angeles home. His fourth marriage lasted until his death. 

Amanda Redman

Amanda Jacqueline Redman (born 12 August 1957) is a British actress. She was born in Brighton. 

Redman's movie roles include Deedee Dove in "Sexy Beast". Her television roles include "At Home with the Braithwaites" and "New Tricks".

Redman's aunt was actress Joyce Redman (1915-2012). Redman married actor Robert Glenister (born 1960) in 1984. Their daughter Emily Glenister was born in 1987. The couple divorced in 1992.

Special forces

Special forces, or special operations forces are military units used to trained to perform unconventional (not ordinary), difficult, often high-risk missions. They are highly-trained and are the most valuable units in the world. Because of the hard training and the high risk, there are not many special forces units. Those elite units are often used to operate deep behind enemy lines. In a war they are also used for unconventional warfare.

Because special forces are really rare, they mostly have to do unusual, difficult things like:

Special forces were very important in the history of warfare where war is more defined as "hit and run" and sabotage, and not traditional army combat where quantity was more important than quality.

The Chinese strategist "Jiang Ziya" said about 1,000 B.C. ago that such elite units had many advantages, recruiting talented and motivated men to be serving in specialised units should be more important than other things.

Special forces were formed in the early 20th century, during World War I. In this "big" war, military operations inside enemy territory showed tactical benefits. They were often used to sabotage enemy infrastructure like radio stations, which are important for communication between the troops.

Special forces units gained more importance during World War II, when technology became more important. The Special Forces of the United States Army, formed at that time, specialize in helping local guerilla forces and training them. 


Sumgait

Sumgayit (also, Sumgait and Sumqayyt) is one of the largest cities in Azerbaijan. It is near the Caspian Sea and about 31 kilometres away from the capital, Baku. There were 308,700 people in 2009. It was started on November 22, 1949. It is home to Sumqayit State University.

Sumgayit City F.C. plays in the Azerbaijan Premier League.


Aghjabadi District

Aghjabadi District () is a raion in central Azerbaijan. The capital is Aghjabadi. Aghjabadi District was started in 1930. In 1963 it was ended and connected to Agdam District. In 1965, it became separate again. There are 46 settlements and 1 town in the district. There were 122,649 people in 2010.


Administrative divisions of Azerbaijan

Politically, Azerbaijan is divided into these administrative divisions:

This list is for the main part of Azerbaijan. The rayons of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic are listed below and numbered separately. Some rayons are completely or partially in the Nagorno-Karabakh, shown on the map in green; this is noted in the list. Nagorno-Karabakh is not recognised as an independent state, but it functions as one.

The rayons are further divided into municipalities.

The territory of Nagorno-Karabakh currently is made up of the rayons of Khojavend, Tartar, Goranboy, Shusha and Kalbajar. When the area was part of the Soviet Union, it was known as Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast (NKAO). However, on 26 November 1991, the Parliament of the Azerbaijan SSR ended the autonomy of the NKAO. Its territory was divided between the neighboring rayons. Since the Nagorno-Karabakh War, however, it is under the control of the ethnic Armenian forces from Nagorno-Karabakh and Armenia.

The seven districts and one municipality of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic are listed and numbered separately.


Agdash District

Agdash District () is a raion in central Azerbaijan. Agdash District has Leki settlement and 72 villages. This raion has a good economic and geographic location. Turyan River and Kura River go through the raion. This area is surrounded by Tugay forests along Kura river bank, and Turyanchay State Preservation to the north.

Agdash city was started in 16th century. It is the capital.

Barda District

Barda (Bərdə) is a raion of Azerbaijan. The capital city is Barda. There are 109 villages.

Beylagan District

Beylagan (Beyləqan) is a raion of Azerbaijan. The capital city is Beylagan.

Bilasuvar District

Bilasuvar (Biləsuvar) is a raion of Azerbaijan. The name in Turkic means "pure water falls". There are many rivers in this area.

Goychay District

Goychay (Göyçay) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the central part of the county, in the Shirvan valley. The capital is Goychay. There is one city and 55 villages. The region is famous for its pomegranate growing industry.

It is at the foot of Greater Caucasus mountain range.

Hajigabul District

Hajigabul (Hacıqabul) is a raion of Azerbaijan. There are 31 populated areas. The Pirsaat River and valley is in this raion.

Imishli District

Imishli (İmişli) is a rayon (district) of Azerbaijan. Imishli and Sabirabad Rayon share the largest lake of Azerbaijan, Lake Sarysu.

Kurdamir District

Kurdamir (also Kürdəmir) is a district (raion) in Azerbaijan. The capital of the district is Kürdəmir.

Mingachevir

Mingachevir, sometimes spelled Mingecevir, is the fourth-biggest city in Azerbaijan. There are about 100,000 people. It is known as the "city of lights" because of its hydroelectric power station on the Kur River.

Mingechevir is home to Mingechevir Polytechnic Institute. 


Neftchala District

Neftchala (Neftçala) is a raion in Azerbaijan. It is on the shores of the Caspian Sea. Its name is Persian "Naft-Chala" and means oil trench.


Saatly District

Saatly is a rayon in Azerbaijan. It was started in 1943. There are 87,000 people.

Sabirabad District

Sabirabad is a rayon (district) of Azerbaijan. The capital, Sabirabad, is on the Araz and Kura rivers.

Salyan District (Azerbaijan)

Salyan District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is Salyan. It is next to the Kura River. Most of the Shirvan National Park is in the raion.

Şirvan, Azerbaijan

Shirvan is a city in Azerbaijan. Before 1938 it was named Zubovka. From 1938 to 2008 it was named Ali Bayramli, Azerbaijani. It is on the Kura River.


Ujar District

Ujar District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the centre of the country. There are 32 villages and 1 city in Ucar. The largest communities are Gazyan, Mususlu and Garabork. There were about 77,900 people in 2009.The name is from the Turkic word "Ucqar" meaning "remote".

Yevlakh District

Yevlakh District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. The cities of Yevlakh and Mingachevir are in the raion.

Jecheon AIDS scandal

Jecheon AIDS scandal or Jecheon AIDS crime was a well-known sex crime that happened in Jecheon, South Korea. A male taxi driver was arrested by the police on 13 March 2009 for knowingly spreading HIV/AIDS to dozens of women in Jecheon between 2003 and 2009.

The offender was Mr. Jeon, a 27-year-old taxi driver who has HIV. He had sex with many women over five to six years, despite knowing his condition. The police said that his partners included drunken taxi passengers as well as bar girls he came to know while working as a driver. Many of the women were married women, housewives, or divorcees. Jeon rarely used condoms, according to local media.

Jeon said that he had had sex with ten women, but a survey estimated the number at between 70 and 400. His mobile phone, which had been confiscated by police, contained the phone numbers of about seventy women.


Raven paradox

The Raven paradox is a paradox first presented by the German logician Carl Gustav Hempel in the 1940s. The paradox stems from two intuitive principles for inductive reasoning: (i) logically-equivalent claims are interchangeable and (ii) particular instances confirm the corresponding universal generalization. Hempel showed that (i) and (ii) together entail the unintuitive conclusion that claims of the form "All As are Bs" can be confirmed by observing non-A, non-B objects.

Saying:

is logically equivalent to saying:

Whenever (2) is true, (1) is too; likewise in all circumstances where (2) is false (i.e. if a world with white ravens is imagined), (1) is also false. Accordingly, (1) and (2) can be safely interchanged with one another.

Next, a particular object which is both A and B intuitively constitutes evidence for the claim "All As are Bs". Thus,

is evidence supporting the hypothesis that 

Following the same reasoning, a green apple (a non-black and non-raven object) is evidence supporting the hypothesis that all non-black things are non-ravens. 

The paradox appears when these two principles are combined. If a green apple is evidence for "all non-black things are non-ravens" and "all non-black things are non-ravens" is equivalent to "all ravens are black", then green apples are also evidence for the hypothesis that "all ravens are black"! This conclusion is highly unintuitive despite the appeal of both starting principles. 

Margin of error

The margin of error is a way to measure the sampling error in the results of a statistical survey. A bigger margin of error means that the results are less certain. Margins of error occur when a population is incompletely sampled. Usually, the margin of error is defined as the radius (half the width) of a confidence interval for a given sample.

Overfishing

Overfishing is catching too much fish. It is a type of overexploitation where fish stocks are reduced to low levels. It is a good example of what is good for the short term is not good for the long term. Also, what is good for some fishermen is not good for all of them (tragedy of the commons). The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization estimated in a 2018 report that 33.1% of world fish stocks are subject to overfishing.

So much fish is caught that there are too few adults of certain species left. With cod, for example, the greatest production of eggs is from large females. But these are caught, the average size of spawning females goes down. Eventually this gets so that the production of eggs is significantly reduced. The artificial selection of large fish has gradually reduced the size of mature females.

The Northwest Atlantic cod has been regarded as heavily overfished throughout its range, resulting in a crash in the fishery in the United States and Canada during the early 1990s. Sometimes, the fishing industry can ruin itself by overfishing. The collapse of the herring industry in Monterey, California is a good example. 

Consumers can get information about the conservation status of the seafood available to them.
Examples of overfishing can be found in places like the North Sea, the Grand Banks of Newfoundland and the East China Sea.

There are many ways that have been suggested to stop overfishing. They are:


School holiday

School holidays are the periods when schools close for a break. The dates and length of school holidays are very different throughout the world. Governments often pass laws on the total number of school days for public schools. Private schools usually decide their own holidays.

In all Christan countries and some countries with different religions there are holidays called Christmas Holidays where people don't have to go to school and they can spend time with their families. Usually in the Northern Hemisphere Christmas holidays last for about 2 weeks. But in the Southern Hemisphere, it is summer holidays so the Christmas Holidays usually last from about 6-14 weeks depending on the country.

Christan countries also celebrate the Easter holidays which can last for about a week or two weeks. In the Northern Hemisphere this is also known as Spring break because it is Spring during Easter in the Northern Hemisphere while in the Southern Hemisphere these are just known as the Easter holidays because it is Autunm over there.

In places like America, summer vacation usually lasts from June until September (14 weeks) while in other places like England, summer vacation (or known as summer holidays over there) last for about 6 weeks from late July until the begining of September because they have a 2 week holiday for Christmas and a 2 week holiday for Easter and several 1 week holidays. In places like Australia, because they're in the Southern Hemisphere, they have their holidays for about 6 weeks like England but have their holidays from about mid December to late January because they have the two two week holidays like England and an extra two week holiday in October without having the extra one week holidays.

Yevlakh

Yevlakh is a small city in Azerbaijan. It is west of capital Baku. It is in the Yevlakh Rayon but is separate. The name is from an Old Turkic word meaning 'swampy place.' It was the birthplace of Pavel Florensky.


Zardab District

Zardab (Zərdab) is a raion in Azerbaijan. It is in central Azerbaijan. The capital is Zardab.


Agsu District

Agsu (Ağsu) is a raion in central Azerbaijan. The name is from “Agsuchay",a river that goes through the raion. There is one city (Agsu city) and 78 villages.

Gobustan District

Gobustan is a raion of Azerbaijan. There are 37,137 people. The capital is Qobustan. It was called Maraza until 2009. It is about 50 miles west of Baku. 


Ismayilli District

Ismayilli District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Mountainous Shirvan Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Qabala, Quba, Goychay, Kurdamir, Agsu, and Shamakhi. Its capital and largest city is Ismayilli. As of 2020, the district had a population of 87,400. It is believed that this district was named after a highly respected elder and philanthropist in the community, Ismayil Baghiyev.

Shamakhi District

Shamakhi or Shamakhy is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is the historical center of the region of Shirvan. 


Aghstafa District

Aghstafa is a raion in the northwestern Azerbaijan. There are 36 villages in the raion.

Dashkasan District

Dashkasan is a raion of Azerbaijan. The district was called Dastafur until 1956.

The district is in northwestern Azerbaijan. It is 33–41 km away from Ganja. The capital of the raion is Dashkasan city.

The Big C

The Big C is an American comedy-drama television program by Darlene Hunt. It began on August 16, 2010 and is shown on Showtime. It ended on May 20, 2013. The show is set in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It stars Laura Linney as Cathy Jamison, a suburban teacher who is diagnosed with melanoma. Her husband Paul Jamison is played by Oliver Platt. Their teenage son Adam Jamison is played by Gabriel Basso. Her brother Sean Tolke, who is bipolar, is played by John Benjamin Hickey.

We Came as Romans

We Came as Romans is an American post-hardcore band from Troy, Michigan. We Came as Romans has six members in the band; the current band members are Joshua Moore, David Stephens, Eric Choi, Brian "Lou" Cotton, Andrew Glass and Kyle Pavone. The band was originally named This Emergency but was later changed to We Came as Romans in the summer of 2006.



So far as of 2012, We Came as Romans have released 2 studio albums:



Sleeping with Sirens

Sleeping with Sirens is an American post-hardcore band from Orlando, Florida. The band has five members. As of 2015, they were Gabe Barham, Jack Fowler, Justin Hills, Nick Martin and Kellin Quinn. The band was formed in 2009 by the band members from For All We Know, Broadway and We Are Defiance. They released their first album, "With Ears to See and Eyes to Hear", on March 23, 2010. It started at #7 on the Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart and at #36 on Top Independent Albums.





Alexisonfire

Alexisonfire is a Canadian post-hardcore band from St. Catharines, Ontario. Alexisonfire has six members in the band; they are George Pettit, Chris Steele, Wade MacNeil, Dallas Green, Jesse Ingelevics and Jordan "Ratbeard" Hastings. The band was formed in 2001 by the band members from Condemning Salemn, Helicon Blue and Plan 9. They released their self-titled first album on September 9, 2002. Alexisonfire split up in 2011. But returned in 2022 with the album otherness, which they won a Juno for that year. 


Alexisonfire released 4 studio albums:

Otherness (2022)


Dying Fetus

Dying Fetus is an American death metal band from Upper Marlboro, Maryland. Dying Fetus has three members in the band; the current band members are John Gallagher, Sean Beasley and Trey Williams. The band was formed in 1991 by the band member John Gallagher and former band member Jason Netherton. They released their debut album, "Purification Through Violence", in 1996 and shortly afterwards left Pulverizer Records. They are currently signed to Relapse Records.





Gary Kildall

Gary Arlen Kildall (May 19, 1942 – July 11, 1994) was a computer scientist and microcomputer entrepreneur. Born to parents Joseph and Emma Kildal, Gary studied math at the University of Washington (UW) because he wanted to become a math teacher. However, he began getting in computer technology. Joseph was the creator of the CP/M operating system and the founder of Digital Research, Inc. (DRI). Kildall was one of the first people to see microprocessors as fully capable computers rather than equipment controllers and to organize a company around this concept.
He also co-hosted the PBS TV show "The Computer Chronicles". Although his career in computing spanned for more than 20 years, he is most known in connection with IBM's unsuccessful attempt in 1980 to license CP/M for the IBM PC. Gary died from alcoholism and hitting his head in 1994 at the age of 52.



Gadabay District

Gadabay is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is known for its potatoes and its gold fields. The famous Siemens company worked here in the Tsarist era. 

Ganja, Azerbaijan

Ganja is Azerbaijan's second-largest city. There are around 313,300 people. It was named Yelizavetpol in the Russian Empire period. The name is from the New Persian "ganj" which means treasure. It was likely started in the 5th century A.D.

Ganja International Airport is the only airport in the city.

Ganja has four places for post-secondary education.

Qazax District

Gazakh (also known as Kazakh or Gazakh) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It has two exclaves inside Armenia, Yukhari Askipara and Barkhudarli. They both came under Armenian occupation during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

Goygol District

Goygol is a raion (district) in northwestern Azerbaijan. It used to be named Khanlar. It was named "Goygol" after Lake Goygol on April 25, 2008. The capital is the city of Goygol.

There are 54,000 people. The city of Goygol is the largest town, followed by Hajimelik. Important villages are: Balchili, Gushgara, Chayli, Mollajalilli, and Topalhasanli.

Goranboy District

Goranboy is a raion of Azerbaijan. Following fighting during the 1991–1992 some land in the south of the rayon is controlled by Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh. The southern half of the rayon is claimed by the self-declared Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. 

Carnivoramorpha

Carnivoramorpha are a clade of mammals that includes the modern order Carnivora. It is basal to the Carnivora but does not include the Creodonts, which are a separate order.


Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines

Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines is a French city. It is in the western suburbs of Paris. About 146,598 people lived here in 2007.


Vélizy-Villacoublay

Vélizy-Villacoublay is a French commune. It is in the southwestern suburbs of Paris 13.9 km (8.6 mi) from the center and 3.2 km (2.0 mi) east of Versailles. About 20,030 people lived here in 2006.


Rambouillet

Rambouillet is a French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris 44.3 km (27.5 mi) from the center. About 26,454 people lived here in 2006.


Le Chesnay

Le Chesnay is a former French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris 16.7 km (10.4 mi) from the center. About 30,227 people lived here in 2006. André-Mignot Hospital is located in the city.

On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Le Chesnay-Rocquencourt.


Mantes-la-Jolie

Mantes-la-Jolie is a French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris 48.4 km (30.1 mi) from the center. About 42,365 people lived here in 2006.


Mantes-la-Ville

Mantes-la-Ville is a French commune. It is located in the western suburbs of Paris, which is about 48.6 km (30.2 mi) from the center. About 18,710 people lived here in 2006. The mayor is Cyril Nauth since March 2014.


Call of Duty: Black Ops II

Call of Duty: Black Ops II is first-person shooter video game which was released on November 13, 2012. It is known for its great graphics and realistic gameplay. It was developed by the developer studio Treyarch and published by Activision.

It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360. and the Wii U. "Black Ops 2" is the ninth game in the "Call of Duty" series and a sequel to "", which was released in 2010.

"Black Ops 2" is the first game in the "Call of Duty" series to have a complete story which plays in the future.

"Black Ops II" begins in the year 2025, where China and the United States are in a cold war after China stops exporting rare earth elements. In this future setting, militaries use robotic weaponry, cyberwarfare, unmanned vehicles and futuristic technology. Militaries on both sides are concerned that the unmanned weaponry can be hacked. Players take the role of a military CIA commander David Mason, who is the son of the main protagonist from the previous game, Alex Mason. The antagonist of the game, Raul Menendez is trying to carry out a massive cyber attack to hack unmanned weaponry used by the United States. Mason and his team desperately try to capture Menendez and uncover his plans. They succeed in capturing him, only to find out that he had planned to be captured so that he could launch the cyber attack directly from the CIA military base. Menendez succeeds in doing this, and the city of Los Angeles is comes under attack by hacked unmanned weaponry. Mason is able to stop Menendez, and the player has the choice to kill or capture him.

Throughout the story mode the player has to go through multiple missions, and many of them are difficult. There is also a multiplayer mode, and a zombies game mode. 
The popularity of the multiplayer mode has decreased with the arrival newer games, though it still has a dedicated fan base.


Lusitania

Lusitania () was an ancient Roman province in modern Portugal (south of the Douro river) and part of western Spain (Extremadura and a part of the province of Salamanca).

Gulf of Tonkin resolution

The Gulf of Tonkin resolution (August 1964) was a joint resolution by the United States Congress for the United States to begin the Vietnam War. For a decade the CIA had been sending in South Vietnamese teams on sabotage missions to the North. American ships such as the "Maddox" went on espionage missions in the North's coastal waters. U.S. President Johnson claimed that the North Vietnamese had made two attacks on the "Maddox" and the "Turner Joy" in the Gulf of Tonkin. On the 4th of August he asked for congressional support to return the attacks.

The government had written up a resolution in June 1964. Believing that the lives of American sailors were in danger from the North Vietnamese, Congress willingly passed the resolution. The resolution gave the president the power to start war in Vietnam. As Johnson said, it was "like grandma's night shirt - it covered everything". The resolution would end when the president believed that the situation in Southeast Asia was safe or when Congress decided to terminate it. Senator Mansfield was unconvinced that the U.S. was acting correctly.

With the resolution, Johnson appeared to have the nation behind him. Now the war could really be taken to the North. This escalation for the U.S. in the Vietnam War made Johnson look tough. His public approval rating rose from 42 to 72 percent, helping him to win the presidential election. The resolution and the presidential election suggested a nation united behind its president in his Vietnam policy.


Carnassial

Carnassials are large teeth used for shearing flesh and bone in a scissor- or shear-like way. They are found in many carnivorous mammals, 

In the Carnivora, the carnassials are the modified last upper premolar and the first molar. In the Creodonta, the carnassials were further back in the jaw–first upper and second lower or second upper and third lower molars.

Wear and cracking of the carnassial teeth in a wild carnivore (e.g. wolves, lions) may result in the death of the individual due to starvation.

Brian De Palma

Brian Russell De Palma (born September 11, 1940) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Newark, New Jersey to Italian American Roman Catholic parents Anthony De Palma (1904-2005) and Vivienne (née Muti). He was raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and in New Hampshire. 

De Palma directed "Carrie", "The Fury", "Dressed to Kill", "Blow Out", "Scarface", "Body Double", "Wise Guys", "The Untouchables", "Casualties of War", "The Bonfire of the Vanities", "Raising Cain", "Carlito's Way", "", "Snake Eyes", "Mission to Mars", "Femme Fatale" and "The Black Dahlia".

Great fire of Meireki

The was a major event in the history of Tokyo, which was called Edo before 1868. 

The fire destroyed more than half of the city of Edo in March 1657.

The fire lasted for more than one day:

An estimated 100,000 lives were lost. 

Edo was soon re-built.

Poltergeist (1982 movie)

Poltergeist is a 1982 American horror movie set in Orange County, California. It was directed by Tobe Hooper. It stars Craig T. Nelson, JoBeth Wiliams, Beatrice Straight, Dominique Dunne, Oliver Robins, Richard Lawson and Heather O'Rourke.

It was followed by two sequels: "" and "Poltergeist III". It was remade in 2015.

Jackie Mason

Jackie Mason (born Yacov Moshe Maza; June 9, 1928 – July 24, 2021) was an American stand-up comedian and actor. 

His 1986 one-man show "The World According to Me" won a Special Tony Award, an Outer Critics Circle Award, an Ace Award, an Emmy Award, and a Grammy nomination. Later, his 1988 special "Jackie Mason on Broadway" won another Emmy Award. He was known for his voice role as Rabbi Hyman Krustofski in "The Simpsons", which won Mason a third Emmy Award.

Mason was born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin and grew up in New York City. He graduated from the City College of New York. In 1991, he married Jyll Rosenfeld. He has a daughter from another relationship.

Previously a Democrat, Mason was a registered Republican and defended former President Donald Trump on many issues.

Mason died on July 24, 2021 at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City after being hospitalized for over two weeks, aged 93.





Certificat de formation à la sécurité

The Certificat de formation à la sécurité (CFS) (in English Safety training certificate) is the French national degree required to be flight attendant in France. It replaces the "Certificat de Sécurité Sauvetage" (CSS) since the 16th of July 2008. It consists of a theoretical and a practical part, each of them contains teaching in aviation safety and first aid.

Naftalan, Azerbaijan

Naftalan is a city in Azerbaijan. It is surrounded by the rayon of Goranboy. It is on an agricultural plain near the Lesser Caucasus Mountains. The word "naftalan" also means a petroleum product which can be got there.

Archaeological findings in the region date to the 12th century AD.

Samukh District

Samukh () is a raion of Azerbaijan. The term "Samukh" is from a Caucasian Albanian word for 'Forest Hunting Place'.
There are Bronze Age burial mounds around Nəbiağalı, the raion's administrative center.

Shamkir District

Shamkir is a rayon in Azerbaijan. It is in the northwestern part of the country. The rayon was called "Shamkhor" during the Soviet rule. The name changed to Shamkir in 1991. The district was formed in 1930. The capital of Shamkir Rayon is Shamkir city.


Tovuz Rayon

Tovuz is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is from Baku. A major train line runs through the center, stopping at Tovuz Stansiya. Tovuz also borders Armenia near the village of Eli Beli. The town of Tovuz is the capital of this raion. There are 113 settlements.


Quba District

Quba District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north-east of the country and belongs to the Quba-Khachmaz Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Qusar, Qabala, Ismayilli, Shamakhi, Shabran, and Khachmaz. Its capital and largest city is Quba. As of 2020, the district had a population of 173,400.

The fertile region surrounding Quba is best known for its production of apples and the city area of Quba is known for its fine carpets.


Qusar District

Qusar is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is Qusar. 98% of the people are Muslim.

Khachmaz District

Khachmaz is a raion in northeastern Azerbaijan. The capital is Khachmaz. 

Shabran District

Shabran () is a raion of Azerbaijan. It was renamed from Davachi (Dəvəçi) in 2010.

Siyazan District

Siazan () is a raion in Azerbaijan. The capital is Siyəzən. The region has many Tats who speak the Tat language. The word "Siyazan" means "black female" in Tat. In 2010 there were 37,900 people.

Qubadli District

Qubadli District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the south-west of the country and belongs to the Eastern Zangezur Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Lachin, Khojavend, Jabrayil, Zangilan, and the Syunik Province of Armenia.

Its capital and largest city is Qubadli. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 41,600.

Kalbajar District

Kalbajar District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Eastern Zangezur Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Lachin, Khojaly, Agdam, Tartar, Goranboy, Goygol, Dashkasan, as well as the Gegharkunik and Vayots Dzor provinces of Armenia. Its capital and largest city is Kalbajar. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 94,100.

The district was occupied by Armenian forces during the 1990s Nagorno-Karabakh War and all of its original Azerbaijani population were expelled or killed. Most of the district was returned in 2020 as a result of a ceasefire ending the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.

Lachin District

Lachin District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Eastern Zangezur Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Kalbajar, Khojaly, Shusha, Khojavend, Qubadli, and the Syunik Province of Armenia. Its capital and largest city is Lachin. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 78,600.

The district was occupied by Armenia in 1992 and all of its original Azerbaijani population was either expelled or killed. Armenian forces controlled the district from 1992 until late 2020, when the district was returned to Azerbaijan per the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh ceasefire agreement which ended the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.

Zangilan District

Zangilan District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. It was occupied by the unrecognised Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from October 1993 until October 2020.

Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain

The Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain is the Hawaiian Islands and the Emperor Seamounts: together they form a vast underwater mountain region of islands, seamounts, atolls, shallows, banks and reefs. The line goes southeast to northwest beneath the northern Pacific Ocean; and many of the underwater mountains are guyots.

The seamount chain, with over 80 identified undersea volcanoes, stretches over from the Aleutian Trench in the far northwest Pacific to the Loʻihi seamount, the youngest volcano in the chain, which lies about southeast of the Island of Hawaiʻi. 

The oldest age for the Emperor Seamounts is 81 million years, and comes from Detroit Seamount. However, Meiji Guyot, located to the north of Detroit Seamount, is likely somewhat older.

In 1963, geologist John Tuzo Wilson explained that the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain was created by a hotspot of volcanic activity that stood as the Pacific tectonic plate moved over it. This left a trail of volcanic islands and seamounts. A "bend" or "V" in the chain marks a shift in the movement of the Pacific plate some 47 million years ago, from a northward to a more northwesterly direction. The bend shows how a tectonic plate can shift direction suddenly. A look at the USGS map on the origin of the Hawaiian Islands clearly shows this "spearpoint".

Recent research shows that the hotspot itself may have moved with time. Some evidence comes from analysis of the orientation of the ancient magnetic field preserved by magnetite in ancient lava flows sampled at four seamounts.


Braes of Doune Wind Farm

Braes of Doune Wind Farm is a wind farm in Scotland and generates 36% of Scotland's wind power.

Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil

Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil is a church in the Orne department. It was built around 1100. It is noticeable by its very well-kept Romanesque structure and an important carved decoration,which shows the multiple inspiration of the sculptors between Normandy, Ile-de-France and Val-de-Loire.


Church of Saint-Céneri-le-Gerei

The Church of Saint-Céneri-le-Gerei () is a Roman Catholic church in the commune of Saint-Cénéri-le-Gérei in north-western France. It was built in the late-11th and early-12th centuries.

The building of the Church of Saint-Cénéri-le-Gérei was started in 1089 and ended in 1125. The structure is on a rocky cliff near the Sarthe river. 
The church has Norman characteristics.
The church is made up of a nave and a with small chapels. It has a choir with a curved apse. The central tower has a roof with two sides.

The old church was restored in 2006.

Chambois

Chambois is a commune in north-western France. It is in the Orne department.

The Donjon of Chambois is a small castle, or keep located on the road from Exmes to Falaise. It was built in the second part of 12th century, by William de Mandeville, vassal of Henri Plantagenêt. The height of the rectangular structure is about 26 metres. It was framed by an extension in the southeast angle and by rectangular turrets in every corner. The central volume contained three levels of rooms, each of them with windows, a chimney and, in the angled turrets, annexes. These arrangements illustrated the residential function of the Donjon.



Keith Ferguson

Keith James Ferguson (b February 26, 1972) is an American voice actor. He is well known for his work as the voice of Blooregard Q. Kazoo (or "Bloo" for short) in the 2004 Cartoon Network animated series "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends". 



Julie Walters

Dame Julia Mary Walters (born 22 February 1950) is a British actress, known professionally as Julie Walters. She was born at St Chad's Hospital, Edgbaston, Birmingham, which was then the hospital covering Smethwick, Staffordshire. Her movie roles include the title role in "Educating Rita", June Edwards in "Buster", Molly Weasley in the "Harry Potter" series and Sandra Wilkinson in "Billy Elliot". She has also acted on television and on stage, and was a long-time collaborator with Victoria Wood. She trained as a nurse before entering acting.

Walters starred as Mrs. Bird in "Paddington" and "Paddington 2".

In February 2020, Walters said she was diagnosed and successfully treated for stage-3 bowel cancer in 2019.


Julie Walters has won 7 BAFTA Awards, (including a special BAFTA that she received at a tribute evening in 2003) a Golden Globe, an Olivier, two International Emmys and has been nominated for two Academy Awards.

Villers-en-Ouche

Villers-en-Ouche is a former commune in north-western France. It is in the Orne department. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune La Ferté-en-Ouche.

In the commune is a large house or mansion, called the Château de Villers-en-Ouche. The château was first built in the late-1400s. It was re-built in 1610 by the family "La Chapelle". The main building has a Mansard roof, decorated with 5 skylight windows, which replaced a higher roof that was burned in 1741.

The grounds include a French style garden and a 10-hectare park. In 2009, the chateau was honored with Emile Garcin-Paris Prize for work on the pigeon house, which was built in the 15th century.



José Luís Peixoto

José Luís Peixoto (born 4 September 1974, in Galveias, Portalegre, Portugal), is a Portuguese writer.
His novels that are in English are "Blank Gaze" (UK title)/"The Implacable Order of Things" (US title) and "The Piano Cemetery".

His works have been published in France, Italy, Greece, Bulgaria, Turkey, Finland, Holland, Spain (Spanish and Catalan), Czech Republic, Croatia, Belarus, Brazil, United States, United Kingdom, and Hungary. His novels have been translated in a total of 20 languages. 

Peixoto graduated from the Universidade Nova de Lisboa. 







Astara District

Astara is a raion in southeastern Azerbaijan. It was formed in 1930. There are 95,300 people. Astarachay and Tangarud rivers are in the raion. A part of the Hirkan National Park is in Astara raion.
Astara is a major source for Azerbaijan's fishing industry.

Jalilabad District (Azerbaijan)

Jalilabad (Cəlilabad) is a raion of Azerbaijan. The capital is the city of Cəlilabad (also spelled Jalilabad). 

Lankaran District

Lankaran (Lenkoran, Lənkəran) is a raion of Azerbaijan. The city of Lankaran is in the raion but considered separate. Archaeological excavations show people lived here since at least the Bronze Age. Between 1747 and 1813 Lankaran was the main city of the Talysh Khanate.

The region has a large area of national parks. Gizil-Agach State Reserve has over 250 kinds of plants, 30 species of fish and more than 220 kinds of birds. Lankaran is also known for "Parrotia persica", or ironwood. It is naturally grown in the region. It is found in Hirkan National Park. The Persian leopard (Panthera pardus saxicolor) subspecies of the leopard, lives in the national park as well.



Lankaran

Lankaran (also called Länkäran, Lencoran, and Lenkoran’) is a city in Azerbaijan. It is on the coast of the Caspian Sea, near the southern border of Iran. There were 83,300 people living there in 2010. It is next to Lankaran rayon. Lankaran was for a long time the capital of the Talysh Khanate. Lankaran International Airport is the airport for the city. There are sandy beaches near Lankaran.

The old form of the name was "Langarkanan". In Persian, it means "the place of pulling up the anchor(s)".
Lankaran State University was started in 1991.


Saint-Cénéri-le-Gérei

Saint-Céneri-le-Gérei is a commune in north-western France. It is in the Orne department.


Lerik District

Lerik Raion is a raion in southern Azerbaijan. It is near the Iranian border. It is between the Talysh Mountains and the agricultural plain of the Lankaran Lowland. There are about 71,200 people there.

Masally District

Masally (Masallı) is a raion in the south of Azerbaijan. The Caspian Sea is on the east border. Vilash is the largest river of the district. The raion was formed in 1930.

Yardimli District

Yardymli (Yardımlı) is a raion of Azerbaijan. Towns include Avaş, Qaravuldaş, and Deman.

Babek District

Babek or Babak is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. It surrounds but does not include Nakhchivan City. It used to be named Nakhchivan. The current name is for Babak Khorramdin. Khorramdin led a 23 year long uprising against the Abbasid Caliphate in Iran.

Julfa District

Julfa (Culfa) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. Julfa City is the raion's capital.

Kangarli District

Kangarli or Kengerli is the newest raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. There were 25,379 people in 2004. It was split off from Sharur raion in March 2004. The administrative center of the raion is Givrakh.

On 25 May 2004, President Ilham Aliyev chose Nazim Cafarov as the executive head of the raion.

The name Kangarli was first for a Turkic tribe who founded Kangarli Khanate. The capital was at Maku in what is now Iran. 

Nakhchivan (city)

Nakhchivan () is the capital of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan, located west of Baku. The city is spread over the foothills of Zangezur chain, on the right bank of the Nakhchivan River at an altitude of almost 1,000 m (3,300 ft).

Nakhchivan is an ancient city with a rich history, located in Azerbaijan. It has roots dating back to ancient times, and its strategic position made it a significant cultural and trade center along the Silk Road. Over the centuries, it has been under various empires, including Persian, Ottoman, and Russian control. Today, Nakhchivan stands as a blend of historical heritage and modern influence.

Nakhchivan is one of Azerbaijan's main centres of education. Universities here are:

Football and Futsal are the most popular sports in Nakhchivan. The city's Araz Naxçivan is one of the top futsal clubs in the European futsal arena. They regularly participate in the UEFA Futsal Cup.

Ordubad District

Ordubad District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. Ordubad is the capital city and the second largest town in Nakhchivan. In addition Ordubad Raion includes 47 villages and settlements. 

The historic name is Goghtan. This is a Turkic way of saying the Armenian word Vortvat. This means ""the wormy place"". The banks of the Araxes river has many worms. These worms were used to make inks for printing.

Sadarak District

Sadarak (Sədərək) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. It was split from the Ilyich raion (present-day Sharur) in 1990. It has an exclave in Armenia, Karki. Karki came under Armenian control in May 1992. It was captured during the Nagorno-Karabakh War. The capital was Sədərək. It is now Heydarabad.

Super glue

Super glue, or cyanoacrylate, is the common name for a group of fast-acting adhesives with industrial, medical and household uses. It normally comes in a small tube, and is often sold as "Super Glue" or "Krazy Glue". It is slightly toxic. 

Cyanoacrylate is an extremely strong glue. However, the glue is not so good at keeping together against shear (sideways pushing). 

There are other versions for medical and veterinary use, created to be non-toxic and less irritating to skin. 

Cyanoacrylate adhesives are sometimes known as instant glues.

Super glue will stick to human skin instantly. If this happens, it can be removed with acetone, commonly found in nail polish remover. Medical grade super glue is sometimes used to seal small cuts, scrapes, and mild wounds. Never use in deep or puncture wounds. 

Super glue will burn if it comes in contact with cotton, including cotton clothing, cotton gloves, and cotton swabs. The severity of this reaction can range from a small amount of heat and smoke to starting a fire, depending on the amount of glue and/or cotton involved.

Shakhbuz District

Shakhbuz (Şahbuz) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic.

Sharur District

Sharur is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. 

Balakan District

Balakan District (, ) is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the district of Zagatala, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Balakan. As of 2020, the district had a population of 99,100.

Qabala District

Qabala is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is the historic town of Qəbələ. In ancient times the town was the capital of Caucasian Albania.

Qabala has a professional football team called Gabala FC.

Qakh District

Qakh District (; ; Tsakhur: Къахын район) is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Zagatala, Shaki, Samukh, Yevlakh, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Qakh. As of 2020, the district had a population of 57,200.

Oghuz District

Oghuz District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. The capital is named Oghuz.

Shaki District

Shaki District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Qakh, Oghuz, Agdash, Yevlakh, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Shaki, even though the city is subordinate to the Republic. As of 2020, the district had a population of 188,100.

Shaki, Azerbaijan

Shaki () is a city in northwestern Azerbaijan, surrounded by the district of the same name. It is located on the southern part of the Greater Caucasus mountain range, from Baku. As of 2020, it has a population of 68,400. The center of the city and the Palace of Shaki Khans were inscribed in the UNESCO World Heritage List in 2019 because of its unique architecture and its history as an important trading center along the Silk Road.

Shaki is surrounded by snowy peaks of the Greater Caucasus, which in some places reaches 3000–3600 m. The average annual temperature in Shaki is 12 °C.

The mountain forests around the area prevent the city from floods and overheating of the area during summer. During the Soviet rule of Azerbaijan, many ascended to Shaki to bathe in its prestigious mineral springs.

Mónica Spear

Mónica Spear Mootz (October 1, 1984 - January 6, 2014), better known as Mónica Spear, was a Venezuelan actress. She was "Miss Venezuela" in 2004.

Zagatala District

Zagatala District (; ; Tsakhur: Закаталайни район) is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Balakan, Qakh, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Zagatala. As of 2020, the district had a population of 129,800.

Aghdam District

Agdam District () is a raion in southwestern Azerbaijan. Its capital is the city of Agdam, which is currently a ghost town. The western half is controlled by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

Fizuli Rayon

Fizuli is a raion of Azerbaijan. It was named after the Turkic poet Fuzûlî. Its capital is the town of Fizuli. The western half, including capital Fizuli, is controlled by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. 

Jabrayil District

Jabrayil District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. The region is controlled by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. There are 62,100 people. Jabrail raion has productive soils. Before the war most of the people were in agriculture. Jabrail has its southern borders with Iran. 

Khojaly District

Khojaly District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Karabakh Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Kalbajar, Lachin, Shusha, Agdam and Khojavend. Its capital and largest city is Khojaly. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 28,800.

The centre of the district, the town of Khojaly, was also the site of the Khojaly Massacre, the largest massacre throughout the whole Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Following the massacre, most of the district was occupied by Armenian forces. Following the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war, Azerbaijan recaptured some villages in the district, while most of the district, including its capital, was put under Russian peacekeeping control.


Khojavend District

Khojavend District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Karabakh Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Lachin, Shusha, Khojaly, Agdam, Aghjabadi, Fuzuli, Jabrayil, and Qubadli. Its capital and largest city is Khojavend, however since the city is under Russian peacekeeping control, the current "de facto" capital is the town of Hadrut. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 44,100.

Shusha District

Shusha (Şuşa) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It surrounds the city of Shusha. It is under the control of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

Tartar District

Tartar (Tərtər) is a raion of Azerbaijan. Most of it is under the control of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

Gary Weis

Gary Weis is a movie and television director. He was the second creator of short films for Saturday Night Live.



Gary Weiss (baseball)

Gary Lee Weiss (born December 27, 1955 in Brenham, Texas) is a former shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played in 22 games for the Los Angeles Dodgers during the 1980 and 1981 seasons.

Karmin

Karmin is a pop music duo. The singers are Amy Heidemann and Nick Noonan. They are best known for their covers of Chris Brown's "Look at Me Now" and Nicki Minaj's "Super Bass". Their original song "Take It Away" was used in promos for the 2011 NBA Finals.

Felsic

The word "felsic" is a term used in geology to refer to silicate minerals, magma, and igneous rocks which are enriched in the lighter elements such as silicon, oxygen, aluminium, sodium, and potassium. 

They are usually light in colour and have specific gravities less than 3. The most common felsic rock is granite, but others include quartz, muscovite, orthoclase, and the sodium-rich plagioclase feldspars. In terms of chemistry, felsic rocks are on the other side of the rock spectrum from the mafic rocks.

In order for a rock to be classified as felsic, it generally needs to contain more than 75% felsic minerals; namely quartz, orthoclase and plagioclase. Rocks with greater than 90% felsic minerals can also be called "leucocratic", meaning 'light-coloured'.

The rock texture thus determines the basic name of a felsic rock. 


Paparazzi Project

Paparazzi is a do it yourself and open-source micro Unmanned aerial vehicle. Created in 2003, paparazzi is developed in the laboratories of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university). Paparazzi system allows to fly one or more micro-UAVs independently, with a GPS or controlled by a Linux ground station.

Paparazzi has acquired a world-renowned in the field of micro-UAVs, for its technical qualities and its the cost, relatively low concerning the components needed to manufacture the system.


Meagan Good

Meagan Good (born August 8, 1981 in Los Angeles) is an American movie actress and director. She has performed in many commercials, radio and television programs.

Nia Long

Nia Talita "Nia" Long (October 30, 1970) is an American actress. Her movies include "Boyz n the Hood". Her television programs include "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". She was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Viviparity

Vivparous animals have internal fertilisation and the eggs develop inside the mother. The key idea is that the growing embryo gets its nutrition from a placenta in the mother's womb. It is the standard method for all mammals except monotremes. 

Those reptiles which do not lay eggs mostly keep soft-shelled eggs inside their bodies. The embryo exists on the material in the egg. They are ovoviviparus, because of the source of nutrition. However, there are some amphibians and a few reptiles which are genuinely viviparous because they get their nutrition direct from the mother.

Viviparous plants produce seeds that germinate before they detach from the parent. In many mangroves, for instance, the seedling germinates and grows under its own energy while still attached to its parent. Then it drops into the water to transport away. 

In some trees, like jackfruit, the seeds can be found already germinated while the fruit goes overripe. This condition is not vivipary because the moist and humid conditions just mimics a wet soil. However, the seeds can germinate under soil too.

Taihō (era)

The system of "nengō" mirrored the Chinese system of eras ("nianhao"). The use of "nengō" marked a new phase in the history of the Imperial court. It became an example of growth in political power.

Taihō was adopted to mark the discovery of gold in Tsushima.

The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.




Jennifer Jones

Jennifer Jones (born Phylis Lee Isley, March 2, 1919 – December 17, 2009) was an American actress. She was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 

Jones won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role as Bernadette Soubirous in "The Song of Bernadette". She was also nominated for Academy Awards for her roles in: "Since You Went Away", "Love Letters", "Duel in the Sun" and "Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing". 

Jones married actor Robert Walker (1918–1951) in 1939. They had two sons, actor Robert Walker, Jr. (1940–2019) and Michael Walker (1941–2007). The couple divorced in 1945. She was married to movie producer David O. Selznick (1902–1965) from 1949 until his death. The couple had a daughter, Mary Jennifer Selznick (1954–1976). Jones was married to businessman Norton Simon (1907–1993) from 1971 until his death.

She died in Malibu, California on December 17, 2009 at the age of 90.

Flag of the Bahamas

The flag of the Bahamas started to be used on July 10, 1973. The black triangle on the left is for the unity and determination of the people of the Bahamas. The triangle points toward three equal-width stripes. The stripes are for areas of natural resource. The two aquamarine stripes at the top and bottom are for the sea. The gold stripe is for the land. 

Keiun

, also known as Kyōun, was a following "Taihō" and preceding "Wadō." The period startedin May 704 and ended in January 708. The reigning emperors were and . 




Rebecca De Mornay

Rebecca De Mornay (born Rebecca Pearch, August 29, 1959) is an American actress. She was born in Santa Rosa, California to Wally George (1931-2003) and Jane (née Eager). She starred in "Risky Business" and "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle". 

She lived with Tom Cruise from 1983-1985. She was married to writer Bruce Wagner from 1989 until they divorced in 1990. Mornay was later in a relationship with singer Leonard Cohen in the 1990s. She married sportscaster Patrick O'Neal in 1995. They had two daughters and divorced in 2002.

Coat of arms of the Bahamas

The Coat of Arms of the Bahamas is a shield with the national symbols. 

The shield has a marlin and flamingo. The crest on top of the helmet is a conch shell. This is for the varied marine life of the island chain. The ship is said to be the "Santa María" of Christopher Columbus. The animals on the shield are the national animals. The national motto is at the bottom. 

The vibrant colors of the coat of arms are to point to a bright future for the islands. 

The Coat of Arms was approved by Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II on 7th December, 1971. 

March On, Bahamaland

"March On, Bahamaland" is a song. It is the national anthem of the Bahamas. Timothy Gibson wrote the music and words. This song was adopted as the national anthem in 1973. That was when the country became a separate country from the United Kingdom. Before that, the anthem was "God Save the Queen", retained as the royal anthem.

Afro-Bahamians

Afro-Bahamians or Bahamians of African descent are Bahamians whose ancestry is from the continent of Africa. Most are from West Africa. The first Africans in The Bahamas came from Bermuda. They were with the Eleutheran Adventurers as freed slaves looking for a new life.

Currently, Afro-Bahamians are the biggest ethnic group in the Bahamas. They are 85% of the country's people. They have a much higher standard of living than previous generations.

Gail O'Grady

Gail Ann O'Grady (born January 28, 1963 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American television actress. She performed on the series "American Dreams" and "NYPD Blue".

White Bahamian

European Bahamians or Bahamians of European Descent are Bahamians whose ancestry is from the continent of Europe. Most are from the British Puritans and American Loyalists who arrived in 1649 and 1783. A small number of the European Bahamian people are from Greek laborers who came to help develop the sponging industry in the 1900s.

Monarchy of the Bahamas

The Bahamas is a Commonwealth realm. King Charles III is the reigning monarch since 8 September 2022. He is The Bahama's head of state.

Many of the jobs of the government are done by the Governor-General.

Governor-General of The Bahamas

The Governor General of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas is the representative of the Bahamian Monarch (currently King Charles III). The Governor General is responsible for selecting the Prime Minister.


Feminization of poverty

Feminization of poverty means today women are more likely to be poor than men, and the number of poor women is going up. Poverty means not having enough money for basic needs such as food, water, shelter, or toilets. There are several causes for the feminization of poverty.


Holes (movie)

Holes is a 2003 American adventure comedy-drama movie based on novel Holes. It has Shia LaBeouf in the lead role of Stanley Yelnats. Also in the movie are Sigourney Weaver, Jon Voight, Patricia Arquette, Tim Blake Nelson, Eartha Kitt, Dulé Hill, Rick Fox, and Henry Winkler as Stanley Yelnats III.

The movie was produced by Walden Media and released by Walt Disney Pictures.

"Holes" made $16,300,155 in its opening weekend. It was #2 at the box office. Number 1 was "Anger Management".

Nanboku-chō period

The , also known as Nambokuchō or the period of Northern and Southern Courts, started in 1333 or 1336 and ended 1392.

During 60+ years of the 14th century, Kyoto was the seat of an pretender Imperial group known as the Northern Court. The series of pretender emperors in Kyoto were supported by the Ashikaga shogunate, but some disputed whether they were true monarchs.

During these years, a Southern Court was established in the Yoshino District of what is today Nara Prefecture. The series of emperors in Yoshino were rejected by the Ashikaga shoguns and their supporters.

Forces loyal to the two rival courts fought for more than six decades. This period of rivalry is sometimes identified as the early part of the Muromachi period of the History of Japan.

In 1392, the Southern court stopped fighting; and the Northern Court seemed to have won the long struggle. However, the claims of the Kyoto pretenders were undermined by scholars and historians. The so-called "emperors" in Kyoto did not have of the essential Imperial regalia until after 1392. The succession ("senso") was not passed to them from Emperor Go-Daigo. The pretenders were not confirmed with valid ceremonies ("sokui").

In 1911, an Imperial decree confirmed that the only legitimate reigning monarchs of this period were the Southern Court emperors.




Nefertem

Nefertem was a deity honored by the ancient Egyptians. According to a creation myth, he was originally a lotus flower at the time of creation. He was worshipped as a god of healing and beauty. Since the blue lotus is a flower and a symbol of rebirth, Nefertem is often compared to it.

His father is Ptah and his mother is Sekhmet. They are all worshiped evenly.

Arthur Foulkes

Sir Arthur Alexander Foulkes, GCMG (born 11 May 1928) served as Governor-General of the Bahamas from 2010 to 2014.

Foulkes was elected to the House of Assembly in 1967. In 1971 he started the Free National Movement. He went to the Senate in 1972 and 1977. He returned to the House of Assembly in 1982. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in 2001. He was promoted to Knight Grand Cross in 2010.

Arthur Foulkes was born on the island Inagua in Matthew Town on 11 May 1928. His parents were Dr. William A. Foulkes and Mrs. Julie Foulkes née Maisonneuve.

In 1992 Sir Arthur became The Bahamas High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. He was ambassador to France, Germany, Italy, Belgium and the European Union. He became the first Bahamas Ambassador to the People's Republic of China and Ambassador to the Republic of Cuba in 1999.

Sir Arthur married Joan Eleanor Bullard of Nassau.


Prime Minister of the Bahamas

This is a list of prime ministers of the Bahamas.

The Prime Minister of the Bahamas is the head of the Government of the Bahamas. He is also the Minister of Finance and the Member of Parliament (MP) for New Providence and North Abaco.


Perry Christie

The Rt. Hon. Perry Gladstone Christie, PC, MP (born 21 August 1943), is a Bahamian politician. He has been the Prime Minister of the Bahamas from May 2012 to May 2017. He was also Prime Minister from 2002 to 2007. He is also a former athlete. He was the leader of the PLP 

Parliament of the Bahamas

The Parliament of The Bahamas is the bicameral national parliament of The Bahamas. The parliament has an appointed Senate and an elected House of Assembly. It currently sits at Nassau, the national capital.

It is based on the Westminster system.

The House of Assembly is the lower chamber. It has 41 members. They are known as Members of Parliament. Each is elected for five-year terms. The House of Assembly performs all major legislative functions. The Prime Minister is the leader of the party who has the majority of the House of Assembly seats. The speaker of the House of Assembly is currently Mr. Alvin Smith.

The Senate (upper house) has 16 members. They are known as Senators. The Senators are appointed by the Governor-General. Nine of these senators are selected on the advice of the Prime Minister. Four are selected on the advice of the Leader of the Opposition. Three are selected on the advice of the Prime Minister after talking to the Leader of the Opposition. The Senate can pass Bills in the same manner as passed by the House. It can also make amendments to the Bill. Those amendments will then have to be approved by the House of Assembly. The Senate may even reject a Bill that was passed by the House. The President of the Senate is currently Mrs. Lynn Holowesko from 2007. She succeeded Mrs. Sharon R. Wilson.

Bahamian dollar

The dollar (sign: $; code: BSD) has been the currency of The Bahamas since 1966. It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign "$". Sometimes it is abbreviated "B$" to show it is different from other dollars. It is divided into 100 cents.

Area code 242

Area code 242 is the local telephone area code of the Bahamas. 

When in the Bahamas, a person needs only the seven-digit number to make a call. To call from anywhere within North America (the United States, Canada, etc.), simply dial 1-242 followed by the phone number.

To make calls between different Islands in the Bahamas, the caller must also use 1-242.

Bimini

Bimini is the westernmost district of the Bahamas. Bimini is the closest point in the Bahamas to the mainland United States. It is about 137 miles (209 km) west-northwest of Nassau. There are about 1600 people on the chain of islands. The capital is Alice Town. South Bimini Airport is on South Bimini island. The ocean around the islands is said to be one of the world's top big-game fishing spots.

Bimini is home to several unique and threatened species. The Bimini Boa is the largest of the reptiles on Bimini. The Bimini Ameiva is a very common, fast moving lizard on the island. The Smalltooth sawfish is one of the rarest fish in the world. The spiny dogfish also can be found on Bimini.

Ernest Hemingway lived on Bimini from 1935 to 1937.

Andros, Bahamas

Andros Island is an archipelago in the Bahamas. It is the largest of the 26 inhabited Bahamian Islands. The land area of Andros has hundreds of small islets and cays connected by mangrove estuaries and tidal swamp lands. There are three major islands—North Andros, Mangrove Cay, and South Andros. It is 104 miles (167 km) long by at its widest 40 miles (64 km) wide. 

The Andros Barrier Reef is the world's third longest after Australia's Great Barrier Reef and the Central American Belize Barrier Reef. The island is home to the world's largest collection of Blue Holes. 

Andros is known in the Bahamas by two nicknames, "The Sleeping Giant" and "The Big Yard."

New Providence

New Providence is an island of The Bahamas. It has the most people of all the islands in the Bahamas. It has more than 70% of the total people. It also houses the national capital city, Nassau. The island was first under Spanish control following Christopher Columbus' discovery of the New World. New Providence is the main commercial hub of The Bahamas. It is home to over 400 banks and trust companies. Its hotels and port have more than two thirds of the four million-plus tourists who visit The Bahamas each year. Other settlements on New Providence include Grants Town, Bain Town, Fox Hill, Adelaide, Yamacraw, South Beach, Coral Harbour, Lyford Cay, Paradise Island, Sea Breeze, Centreville, The Grove (South) and The Grove (West Bay), Cable Beach, Delaporte, Gambier and Love Beach.

Socorro, São Paulo

Socorro is a town in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The city is on the "do Peixe" River and in Mantiqueira Mountains. Currently, the city's economy is based on clothing (knitting), ecotourism and adventure sports.

Enyo

Enyo (Ancient Greek: Ἐνυώ) is the goddess of war, violence and bloodshed in Greek mythology. She was the female counterpart and a close companion of the god Ares, sometimes considered to be his sister or lover. A statue of her made by the sons of Praxiteles stood in the Temple of Ares in Athens. She was identified with the Roman goddess Bellona. 

Rose Hill, New South Wales

Rose Hill, New South Wales was an Australian colonial settlement. 

Rose Hill was established on the Parramatta River on November 2, 1788. It was developed by Governor Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet. After Sydney Cove, this was the second settlement in Australia.
The fortified camp was named Rose Hill in honour of George Rose. He was a British politician and member of Parliament. Rose had helped to make Phillip leader of the colony.

The first crop of grain in Australia was grown at Rose Hill.

The area became part of the town of Parramatta.


Sleipnir

In Norse mythology, Sleipnir (Old Norse: "slippy" or "the slipper") is the eight-legged horse who serves as Odin's trusted steed. He is the son of Svaðilfari and the god/jötunn Loki, the latter of whom is actually his mother, having given birth to Sleipnir in the form of a mare. Sleipnir is described as the best and fastest of all horses. 

Necrotizing fasciitis

Necrotizing fasciitis is a major, but rare, condition that affects deep layers of human skin and tissues. The problem is treated very quickly under antibiotics. In more severe cases the area affected may need major surgery or amputation. Many people with the condition may also have other issues, such as diabetes. The condition is caused by bacteria. Other names for the disease are flesh-eating disease or flesh-eating bacteria syndrome.

Mount Alvernia

Mount Alvernia (formerly Como Hill) is on Cat Island in the Bahamas. It is the highest point in the country at above sea level. The mountain shares its name with a school in Montego Bay, Jamaica.

The name is for La Verna, the hill in Tuscany where St. Francis of Assisi received the Wounds of the Cross.


George Rose

George Rose (17 June 1744 – 13 January 1818) was a British politician and member of Parliament.

After Sydney Cove, the second settlement in colonial Australia was named Rose Hill in his honour. 


List of elevation extremes by country

The following sortable table lists land surface elevation extremes by country.

Cat Island, Bahamas

Cat Island is in the central Bahamas. It is one of the Districts of the Bahamas. Mount Alvernia is the country's highest point.

The first European settlers were Loyalists who fled the American Revolution. They arrived in 1783. The island may have been named after Arthur Catt, a pirate, or the name may be for the one-time large population of feral cats.

Historically, the island gained wealth from cotton plantations. Now slash and burn farming is the main way of life for Cat Islanders. An economic crop is cascarilla bark. It is gathered and shipped to Italy. There it becomes a main ingredient in medicines, scents and Campari.

New Bight Airport and Arthur's Town Airport serve the island.

 

Berry Islands

The Berry Islands are a chain of islands and a District of the Bahamas. The Berry Islands has about thirty islands and over one hundred small islands or cays. It is often called "The Fish Bowl of the Bahamas." There are about 700 people. Most of the people are on Great Harbour Cay. The islands were settled in 1836 by Governor Colebrook and a group of freed slaves.

The main attraction is big game fishing. Some of the fish that can be found there are billfish, tuna, grouper, tiger fish, yellowtail snapper, wahoo, king mackerel, and many more. There are also great spots for snorkeling and scuba diving.

HEC Paris

The École des hautes études commerciales de Paris (often shortened to HEC Paris) is a business school in Paris. It was created in 1881 by Gustave Emmanuel Roy. It is one of a few privately run universities in France, which are called Grandes Écoles. The university offers different degrees in the field of economics and management. It is financed by the Chamber of commerce in Paris. It was founded in 1881. It awards the degree of Bachelor of Arts, Master of Science, as well as doctorates and other postgraduate degrees, such as MBAs and EMBAs. The school offers other courses, including an Executive Master in Innovation and Entrepreneurship in partnership with Coursera. 100% online, it aims to train senior managers specializing in these two areas within 18 months. It was opened in March 2017. About 4500 students are taught, about 600 finish their studies each year.

The head of the School is Éloïc Peyrache since January 2021. The school has its own incubator, the Incubateur HEC Paris.

Its alumni association, HEC Alumni, is one of the oldest social networks in the world.

On September 15, 2020, the School co-founded with the Polytechnic Institute of Paris the artificial intelligence research center Hi! PARIS.

The School has three other research center : the Society & Organizations Institute, the Innovation & Entrepreneurship Center and the GREGHEC ("Groupement de Recherche et d’Etudes en Gestion à HEC Paris").


Shilling

The shilling is a unit of currency used in some current and former British Commonwealth countries. The word "shilling" comes from "scilling", an accounting term that dates back to Anglo-Saxon times where it was said to be the value of a cow in Kent or a sheep elsewhere. The word is thought to derive from the base "skell-", "to ring/resound" and the diminutive suffix "-ling". The slang term for a shilling as a currency unit was a "bob".

The abbreviation for shilling is s, from the Latin "solidus", the name of a Roman coin. Often it was informally represented by a slash, standing for a long s: "e.g.," "1/6" would be 1 shilling and sixpence, often pronounced "one and six" (and equivalent to 18d; the shilling itself was valued at 12d). A price with no pence would be written with a slash and a dash, "e.g.," "11/-". Quite often a triangle or (serif) apostrophe would be used to give a neater appearance, "e.g.," "1'6" and "11'-". In Africa it is often abbreviated sh.

During the Great Recoinage of 1816, the mint was instructed to coin one troy pound (weighing 5760 grains) of standard (0.925 fine) silver into 66 shillings, or its equivalent in other denominations. This effectively set the weight of the shilling, and its subsequent decimal replacement 5 new pence coin, at 87.2727 grains or 5.655 grams from 1816 to 1990, when a new smaller 5p coin was introduced.

Nomenclature des niveaux de formation

The Nomenclature des niveaux de formation (in English national classification of levels of training) is used, notably for statistical purposes, to measure the training completed by somebody. Two classifications are commonly used in France: The "nomenclature des niveaux de formation" (national classification of levels of training), established in 1969 by the "Commission statistique nationale" (national statistical commission), and the International Standard Classification of Education (ISCED), validated by UNESCO in 1997 and used for international comparisons.

The first one is used by the French Ministry of National Education, but also by the French employment agency, to classify jobseekers by education level, and by INSEE for the census, ...

Built in reference to the one of 1967, this classification refers to a skill level (responsibility in employment).

Staff with a job normally requiring a level of training equivalent to the "brevet d'études professionnelles" (BEP) or the "certificat d'aptitude professionnelle" (CAP), and by equivalence, of the "certificat de formation professionnelle des adultes" (CFPA).

This level corresponds to a full qualification for the practice of a specific activity, with the ability to use instruments and techniques relating thereto. This activity involves chiefly the performance of a work which may be independently conduct within the limits of the techniques related thereto.

Staff with a jobs of control or highly skilled worker and can attest a level of training equivalent to that of the "brevet professionel" (BP), the "brevet de technicien" (BT), a "Baccalauréat professionel" or a "Baccalauréat technologique".

A degree of level IV requires more theoretical knowledge than the previous level. This activity involves chiefly technical work which can be performed independently and/or entail executive coaching (control).

Staff with a jobs that normally requires a "Diplôme universitaire de technologie" (DUT) or a "Brevet de technician supérieur" (BTS) or end of undergraduate higher education.
A degree of Level III corresponds to the knowledge and skills level, though lacking the knowledge of the scientific basis of the areas concerned. Capabilities and knowledge required ensure to be able to work autonomously or independently responsibilities of design and/or coaching and/or management.

Staff with a middle management job that normally requires a training of a Bachelor's degree level or a first-year Master's degree level.

At this level, the practice of an employment contract or independent means knowing the scientific foundations of the job, generally leading to autonomy in carrying out this activity.

Staff with a middle management job that normally requires a training above the first-year Master's degree level.

In addition to strong knowledge of scientific basis of the job, a level I requires knowledge of process design and research.

Mario Vargas Llosa

Jorge Mario Pedro Vargas Llosa, 1st Marquess of Vargas Llosa (born March 28, 1936), is a Peruvian writer, politician, journalist and essayist. Winner of the Nobel prize for literature, he is one of the most renown writers of modern times. He has written many books, plays and essays and still writes. A few famous books are listed below:

He received the Nobel Prize in Literature on December 10, 2010. His book "The Dream of the Celt" is about the life of Irishman Roger Casement. Though it was published in Spanish 2010, the translation into English is still incomplete.

International Certificate of Competence

An International Certificate of Competence (ICC) is a certificate, which may be issued to anyone who has successfully completed certain "national boating licenses" or has successfully passed an "examination" to prove the necessary competence for pleasure boat operation.

Association des professionnels navigants de l'aviation

The Association des professionnels navigants de l'aviation (APNA) (in ) is a French aeronautical non-profit organization created in 1927 in order to "group, in a close community all those who belong, by their profession, to the civil aviation, and participate in the development of the national aeronautics, in conjunction with the public authorities, the manufacturers, the airlines and the professionals unions".

Aviation Without Borders

Aviation Without Borders is a voluntary association created to put the flying skills of its members to the service of humanitarian assistance. It provides air transport for various NGOs in direct contact with affected people. The aircraft used generally belong to AWB and additional equipment can be rented for well defined missions.


Kundalini

In the Hindu religion, there is a strong spirit energy called Kundalini. It lives in all people but nearly always sleeps, curled like a snake near the bottom of their spine, in the first chakra. If it ever wakes up, it climbs the spine and the other chakras, and the whole body and mind of the person fill with energy and understanding. This feels so special that people cannot find words to say what it is like. Some people try to wake kundalini up by meditation or yoga. A person with awake kundalini can help, by sending energy to them. This is called shaktipat.

Kundalini is a Hindu name, but ideas that are nearly the same come from all around the world. Some of these are the Taoist 'greater kan and li', Egyptian 'sekhem', Hebrew 'shekinah', Christian 'Pentecostal fire', Kaballist 'secret fire' and Kalahari 'num'.

Atonement (movie)

Atonement is a 2007 British romantic drama war movie. It is set in the 1930s and 1940s. It was directed by Joe Wright. It is based on 2001 novel Atonement by Ian McEwan. It stars James McAvoy as Robbie Turner and Keira Knightley as Cecilia Tallis. Her younger sister Briony Tallis is played by Saoirse Ronan at age 13, Romola Garai at age 18 and Vanessa Redgrave at age 77.

Hammer toe

Hammer toes are a condition of the proximal interphalangeal joint of the second, third, fourth or fifth toe. The condition makes the toe permanently bent, and resembles a hammer. The mallet toe is a very similar issue which affects the distal joint area. Some people are born with these issues. Usually, these issues happen due to the wear of poorly fitting shoes that often force the toe to bend (particularly high heels) or shoes which are too narrow or short.

Oviraptorosaur

Oviraptorosaurs are a group of feathered maniraptoran dinosaurs from the Cretaceous period of what are now Asia and North America. They have short, beaked, parrot-like skulls, with or without bony head crests. They ranged in size from "Caudipteryx", which was the size of a turkey, to the 8 meter long, 1.4 ton "Gigantoraptor". The most complete oviraptorosaur specimens have been found in Asia. The North American oviraptorosaur record is sparse. 

The group (and all maniraptoran dinosaurs) is close to the ancestry of birds. Oviraptorosaurs might be primitive flightless birds. On the other hand, they might just be close relatives of the birds.

The earliest and most basal ("primitive") known oviraptorosaurs are "Protarchaeopteryx robusta" and "Incisivosaurus gauthieri", both from the lower Yixian Formation of China, dating to about 125 million years ago in the Lower Cretaceous. Some fragmentary species, such as "Calamospondylus oweni" and "Thecocoelurus daviesi", may have been even earlier members of the Oviraptorosauria. A tiny neck vertebra from England shares some features in common with oviraptorosaurs. It may represent an earlier occurrence of this group, at about 140 million years ago.


Taika (era)

The system of "nengō" mirrored the Chinese system of eras ("nianhao"). The use of "nengō" marked a new phase in the history of the Imperial court. It became an example of growth in political power.

The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.









Ajkaceratops

Ajkaceratops (pronounced "oi-ka-se-ra-tops") is a genus of ceratopsian dinosaur described in 2010. It lived in the Cretaceous period in what is now Europe, in what was back then the Tethyan archipelago. It is a ceratopsian, and is beaked. "Ceratops" means "horned face" in Greek.

The generic name, "Ajkaceratops", honors Ajka, a town in Hungary where the fossils where found.

The Ajkaceratops has a skull that looks a lot like a Protoceratops skull, except that it has a hump near the beak. The body is slender and long, compared to the skull. The tail is very short for its size. Ajkaceratops would have walked quadrupedally and eaten low vegetation. Ajkaceratops may have reached the part of europe in which it was found by Island-hopping. 

Calamosaurus

Calamosaurus was a genus of small theropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of the Isle of Wight.

As a possible basal coelurosaur, "Calamosaurus" would have been a small, agile, bipedal carnivore. Naish "et al" 2001. estimate the living animal would have been around 3–5 meters long (9.8-16.4 feet), with a small head given the build of the neck vertebrae.

There is too little material to say much more about it.

Matej

Matej is a given name that originates from the Slavic nations of Eastern Europe. It is one of the most common male names in both Slovakia and Slovenia. It is also common in Croatia and Ukraine and less common in the Czech Republic. The name is originally derived from the evangelist disciple St. Matthew. Foreign versions of the name include Matthew in English, Mathäus in German, Matei in Romania and Matteo in Italian. Matej, being a Biblical name (see Acts 1:23) can be easily cross-referenced with the corresponding name in other languages. The Slavic pronunciation of the name consists of Matej with a soft "j". Matej in Ukraine and Russia is Matviy, and in Poland it is Maciej. The Hebrew version of the name is Mattithyahu or Matisyahu which translate to "Gift of Yahweh" in Standard Hebrew and Tiberian Hebrew. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Lysyl oxidase

Lysyl oxidase is an enzyme which speeds up coacervation, a reaction which attaches protoelastin molecules to each other, creating the protein elastin. Elastin is a component of the human skin which lets it stretch without being deformed permanently.

Lysyl oxidase is made up of various amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) which make up the final protein: elastin. Elastin is made of valine, alanine, glycine, and proline.

Muret – Lherm Aerodrome

Muret - Lherm Aerodrome (ICAO code: LFBR) is located at Lherm in the Haute-Garonne département in the Occitanie region. It is southwest of Muret.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Every year, in May, the airport welcomes the air show Airexpo.



Shopping

Shopping is an activity where people buy goods they want or need with money. 

Large, indoor shopping malls became commonplace in the 1950s.

People who go shopping visit shops. Those people are called "shoppers". They may go to buy things, or just to look. It is mostly explained like leisure.

Often "shopping" means not just buying goods, but the whole complex, which also includes entertainment (restaurants, cafes, cinema, etc.).

In modern society, about a third of all goods are manufactured for the real needs of people, and the rest belongs to the "optional" group (new fashionable models of mobile phones, color "tabloid" magazines, "super-cutters", "Fat burners", etc.).

In some places, shopping is considered an important activity or even a hobby.

There is a television program called "Shop till you drop". It is a game show for shoppers. 

As in the case of alcohol, drugs, gambling, the Internet, food, with a passion for shopping, a painful addiction called "oniomania" can develop, also named "shopaholism". Psychologists confirmed that addicted people become dependent on doing shopping, being in a state of euphoria and thus reducing a level of stress. 

Currently, online shopping is becoming an important part in the retail industry. According to different studies, women are more involved in shopping — about 80% of consumers at all.

1. Lifts your mood.

Shopping is associated with a sense of achievement. Think about the time you scored a vintage necklace from your local neighborhood thrift shop. You were elated to find a piece of jewelry that was unique and within your budget. The heightened emotions of happiness release endorphins, known as the "feel good" chemicals in your brain. Endorphins help you refocus your mind on your body movements, improving your overall mood.

2. Lowers stress levels.

When you shop, you socially interact with people around you - whether they're fellow shoppers or sales associates. In addition, shopping with a best friend, partner, or family member provides a bonding experience that can reduce stress levels. In a study published by the American Psychological Association (APA), levels of cortisol, the stress hormone, were tested in kids who were with their best friend versus kids who were alone during a negative experience. Kids who were with their best friends during a negative experience produced less levels of cortisol than their counterparts, which suggests any form of bonding can be good for the mind, body, and soul.

3. Mental activity

The mental, physical, and social engagement of shopping can keep your perception intact even in old age. When you shop, you are physically active by walking, going up and down escalators, and trying on clothes. The mental component of shopping is introduced when you revise your budget, check which on-sale item is better, and calculate your total cost. Socially, you meet up with friends or you hold small-talk with an employee at a department store.

It's essential to keep your mental acuity in focus as you age. Therefore, shopping can help prevent dementia, an illness that affects many adults in the beginning of their 60s.

4. Maintenance of health

Daily shopping trips were linked to an increase in survival rate with the collection of data of approximately 2,000 elderly men and women aged 65 and over from Taiwan and the statistics of the country's National Death Registration from 1999 to 2008.

"For example, elders may maintain a mall walking routine, perhaps regarded as shopping activity, although more to do with the need to belong to a community or keep physically active in a safe and convenient environment," says the study.


AT&amp;T Stadium

AT&T Stadium is the current retractable roof stadium for the Dallas Cowboys. It was opened on May 22, 2009 costing $1.3 billion. It is also used for concerts and other events. It was known as Cowboys Stadium from 2009 until 2013.

On July 25, 2013, it was announced that the Cowboys had agreed to grant naming rights to AT&T, changing the name of Cowboys Stadium to AT&T Stadium.

AT&T Stadium is currently one of the world's covered stadium with 80,000 seats. A pair of nearly 300 ft (91 m)-tall arches spans the length of the stadium dome, anchored to the ground at each end. The new stadium also includes "more than 3,000 Sony LCD TV's throughout the luxury suites, concourses, concession areas and more, offering fans viewing options that extend beyond the action on the field," and a center-hung video board that is the largest high-definition television screen in the world. Glass doors, allowing each end zone to be opened, were designed and built.

Besides having the Cowboys play there, AT&T Stadium has hosted the following sports events:


Croatian Liberation Movement

The Croatian Liberation Movement (, HOP) is a minor far-right political party in Croatia. 

HOP was formed by Croatians in exile. Ustaše was movement with nationalistic ideas. It also had fascist tendencies. After the Second World War, there were some fights concerning the leadership of Ustaše. In 1956, Ante Pavelić formed the Croatian Liberation Movement in Buenos Aires. The goal of HOP was to control the original Ustaše organization. Because of its roots, HOP is widely seen as a successor of the Ustaše. In the early 1990s, the state of Yugoslavia disintegrated, and the parts it was made of became independent republics. In 1991, HOP moved to Zagreb; and the organization was registered as a political party. In 1997, HOP came into public limelight for paying a requiem mass for the Ustaše leader Pavelić in the Church of Saint Dominic in Split.

One of the goals of the Croatian Liberation Movement is to re-establish the state of Croatia with the borders it had during the Second World War. At that time, the state also included Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Croatian Liberation Movement was founded by Ante Pavelić in Buenos Aires in 1956. In 1957, after some people tried to kill Pavelić, he and his family moved to Spain. Pavelić died on 28 December 1959, at the German hospital in Madrid. After Pavelić's death, his son-in-law Srečko Pšeničnik took over HOP. In 1960, he moved its operations from Buenos Aires to Toronto, Canada.

Another part of the HOP was established in Australia in 1963. The leaders of this group were Srećko Rover (from 1963 to 1967) and Stjepan Hefer (from 1967 to 1973). Many of this group's members were also members of the Australian Liberal Party. Some of them were said to have gone on military training exercises with the Australian Army Reserve, using the army's base at Wodonga in Victoria. Several members of the opposition Labor Party, including Justin O'Byrne, said that the HOP were using their status in the Liberal Party to hide many of these activities. When the Labour Party became the government in 1972, the Attorney-General gave the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO) permission to spy on Srećko Rover and a few of the group's other members. This was because they thought they might be recruiting insurgents for an overseas war.

When Yugoslavia was dissolved in the early 1990s, this organization moved to Zagreb, Croatia, where it was officially registered as a political party in 1991.


List of National Football League stadiums

The following is a list of current National Football League stadiums, sorted by how many people it holds, their locations, their first year of usage and home teams.
As of the current 2021 season, two sets of teams share a stadium—the New York Giants and New York Jets with MetLife Stadium, and the Los Angeles Chargers and Los Angeles Rams with SoFi Stadium—meaning there are only 29 full-time NFL stadiums.

The Steelers share a stadium with Pitt (college team). 

The Miami Dolphins share a stadium with the Miami Hurricanes (college team).

The Las Vegas Raiders share a publicly owned stadium with UNLV (college team) as co-tenants.

The NFL uses several other stadiums on a regular basis in addition to the teams' designated regular home sites. The Jacksonville Jaguars currently have an agreement to play at least one regular-season home game per year at Wembley Stadium in London, England, as part of the NFL International Series through 2020. Another London venue, Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, is also a regular International Series host.
Fawcett Stadium in Canton, Ohio, is the location of the annual exhibition Pro Football Hall of Fame Game. 
The New York Giants and New York Jets' MetLife Stadium is the largest stadium in the NFL by its regular seating capacity. The Dallas Cowboys' AT&T Stadium can expand past that of MetLife Stadium by means of using standing-room and temporary seating, which makes AT&T Stadium currently the only NFL stadium capable of holding 100,000 or more spectators, though it normally only seats 80,000. With the opening of SoFi Stadium, the smallest NFL stadium is Soldier Field, home to the Chicago Bears.

Stadiums are listed by their seating capacity for NFL games. Some stadiums can be expanded to fit larger crowds for other events such as concerts or conventions.

Le Dieu Bleu

Le Dieu Bleu () is a ballet in one act. Jean Cocteau and Federico de Madrazo y Ochoa wrote the story of the ballet. Reynaldo Hahn wrote the music. Michel Fokine designed the dances, and Léon Bakst designed the sets and costumes. The ballet was first performed in Paris at the Théâtre du Châtelet on 13 May 1912. It was a failure. Critics thought Nijinsky the dancer for whom the ballet was designed did more posing than dancing. Producer Sergei Diaghilev blamed Hahn's music for the failure. "Le Dieu Bleu" was staged three times in Paris in 1912 and three times in London in 1913. The ballet has not been revived.

Ballet impresario and producer Sergei Diaghilev staged two exotic ballets for the Ballets Russes: "Cléopâtre" in 1909 and "Schéhérazade" in 1910. Both were great successes with the Parisian public. He hoped that "Le Dieu Bleu" (another exotic ballet) would be equally successful. 

"Dieu" was one of six new ballets for the 1911 Ballets Russes season. The others were "Narcisse", "La Peri", "Le Spectre de la Rose", "Sadko", and "Petrushka". Michel Fokine would design the dances for all of them. Léon Bakst would design the sets and costumes for the first four. When Fokine and Bakst started work on Ida Rubinstein's ballet "Le Martyre de Saint Sébastien", Diaghilev felt betrayed. He pushed "Dieu" forward to 1912. He lost interest in "Dieu", but spent huge amounts of money on the production. He hoped "Dieu" would make Nijinsky a great international star.

Fokine started work on "Dieu" in St Petersburg in the winter of 1911-1912. He based some of his ideas for the ballet on the dances of the Royal Siamese Court ballet. This company had danced in St Petersburg in 1900. Fokine also made a study of the arts of India. In the end though
, his dances for "Dieu" were dull. 

Hahn's music could have been the reason. It was not very good. Prince Lieven, a critic and historian of the Ballets Russes, said the music had no interest or importance. He said that it was "sweet and insipid". Bakst based his ideas for the sets and costumes on the printed materials for the Cambodian Ballet's 1906 performances in France.

The ballet was first presented by Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in Paris at the Théâtre du Châtelet on 13 May 1912. Another ballet, "Thamar", was also on the program. Both ballets were failures. Diaghilev was shocked by the failure of "Thamar". He thought it would be another success like "Schéhérazade". He was not surprised that "Dieu" was a failure. He privately blamed Hahn's music for its failure. The music was dull. He was forced to use it because Hahn had rich friends in Paris. They would have cut their support of the Ballets Russes if the music had been turned down.

The ballet was designed for Nijinsky. He had yet to dance an important part for the Ballets Russes. He was cast as The Blue God. Diaghilev hoped The Blue God would make the dancer an internationally famous star. Other dancers in the ballet were Max Frohman as The Young Man, Tamara Karsavina as The Young Girl, Lydia Nelidova as The Goddess, and Michel Federov as The High Priest. Nijinsky's sister Bronislava Nijinska was cast as The Drunken Temple Dancer.

The curtain rises on a warm evening in India a long time ago. In front of a temple of rock, a pool is seen with a lotus on the surface of the water. Snakes and other animals rest near the pool. The temple walls are covered with masses of flowering plants. People are waiting for a ceremony to take place. The Young Man is about to become a priest of the temple. The Young Girl runs in. She kneels at the feet of The Young Man. She does not want him to desert her for the life of a priest. She dances before him. The priests are shocked. They lead The Young Man out. They prepare The Young Girl for death. 

The gates are shut. The Young Girl tries to get out. Monsters rise from a place under a trap door. The Goddess rises from the lotus. The Blue God rises from the pool. He calms the monsters with his flute. The monsters are trapped by the masses of plants. The Blue God's work is done. The priests come in. They are surprised to see The Young Girl still living, and fall on their knees before her. The Young Man rejoins The Young Girl. The Goddess orders golden stairs to come down from the sky. The Blue God flies up the stairs and disappears into the clouds.

Diaghilev hoped that "Dieu" would be a great success. It was not. People thought Nijinsky's talent had been wasted. They said that he posed more than he danced. What people liked the most about the ballet was Bakst's sets and costumes. Valery Svetlov wrote in the "Mercure de France" on 15 May 1912 that "Dieu" was "a failure in every sense of the word." The ballet was presented three times in Paris in 1912 and three times in London in 1913. Bakst's costumes and set were revived for a week-long Diaghilev Festival directed and staged by Andris Liepa in London, April 2011, with new choreography by Wayne Eagling to music by Scriabin. The role of the Blue God was played by Nikolai Tsiskaridze. This production was also not well received.



Melissa

Melissa [ m"uh"-lis-"uh" ] is a name given for females. The name is Greek and it means "honey bee". It also refers to the plant lemon balm. Melissa is an exquisite name that has enjoyed popularity for centuries. It has a fascinating history and profound significance. The name Melissa originates from the Greek language and is derived from the word "melissa," which translates to honeybee. In Greek mythology, Melissa was a nymph who nurtured and looked after Zeus during his infancy. She nourished him with honey and concealed him from others. Zeus was immensely grateful to Melissa for her care and transformed her into a bee, hence the name Melissa became synonymous with bees and honey. The name "Melissa" was not popular in the US until around the 1950s; it was popular between the years 1960 and 1991. During the year 2010, fewer than 2,500 girls in the USA were given the name. Famous celebrities with this name include Melissa Joan Hart. This name was ranked #372 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Exuma

Exuma is a district of the Bahamas. It has over 360 islands. The largest of the cays is Great Exuma. It is joined to another island, Little Exuma by a small bridge. The capital and largest city in the district is George Town. The entire island chain is 130 mi (209 km) long and 27 sq. mi (72 km²) in area.

In 1783, American loyalists running from the Revolutionary War came to the island.

The islands are a popular spot for yachting, sailing, diving, and coral reef and cave exploring. Many of the unnamed beaches and coves of the islands are in the Exuma National Land and Sea Park.

Black Point, Bahamas

Black Point is one of the districts of the Bahamas.

Central Abaco

Central Abaco is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is in the Abaco Islands. The district has the largest town in the Abacos, Marsh Harbour. Some of the more notable settlements are listed below:


A La Costa Sud

A La Costa Sud (La Musique De La Côte D'Azur) is a compilation album imagined and produced by Italian musician and producer Pino Presti, published in May 2009 by Edizioni Musicali Curci.
The album consists of 3 CDs performed by 28 vocalists and / or instrumentalists who are from various continents and nations but who regularly perform in theaters, clubs and festivals in the French Riviera.

The album includes many different styles of music ranging from jazz to Latin music, world music, funk, pop, electro, Nu Jazz and R&B.

The broadcasting of the photographic video of "A La Costa Sud" has been made by Monte Carlo Producer Note and by Cannes France, the complete guide to Cannes, France, which broadcasted it also during Cannes Film Festival.



Central Andros

Central Andros is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on Andros Island. Central Andros has many blue holes.

Central Eleuthera

Central Eleuthera is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the island of Eleuthera.

Crooked Island, Bahamas

Crooked Island is an island and district of The Bahamas. The main town in the group is Colonel Hill on Crooked Island. The population of Crooked Island was 350 at the 2000 census. The typical language known on the Crooked Islands is called Bahamian English, which is a mix of Queen's diction, African influence, and island dialect.

It is believed that first Post Office in the Bahamas was at Pitt’s Town on Crooked Island.

East Grand Bahama

East Grand Bahama is a district of the Bahamas. It is on the eastern part of the island of Grand Bahama.

The local seat for the district is High Rock, a fairly small town. It is about 40 miles east of the City of Freeport.

Grand Cay

Grand Cay is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is in the Abaco Islands. Grand Cay is a small island south of Walker's Cay. Its about a mile long in length.

Abaco Islands

The Abaco Islands are in the northern Bahamas. The islands are Great Abaco and Little Abaco, together with the smaller Wood Cay, Elbow Cay, Lubbers Quarters Cay, Green Turtle Cay, Great Guana Cay, Castaway Cay, Man-o-War Cay, Stranger's Cay, Umbrella Cay, Walker's Cay, Little Grand Cay, and Moore's Island. The Abaco Islands make up five of the 31 Districts of the Bahamas: North Abaco, Central Abaco, South Abaco, Moore's Island, and Hope Town. Towns in the islands include Marsh Harbour, Hope Town, Treasure Cay, Coopers Town, and Cornishtown.

The islands are a noted base for sailing activities in the Bahamas, as well as resort tourism. The Abacos Islands in the Bahamas have four national parks: Pelican Cays Land & Sea Park, Abaco Wild Horse Preserve, Man-O-War Cay, and Great Guana Cay.

Marsh Harbour Airport and Treasure Cay Airport serve the islands.

Harbour Island, Bahamas

Harbour Island is an island and district in the Bahamas. It is off the northeast coast of Eleuthera Island. The only town on the island is Dunmore Town.

Harbour Island is famous for its pink sand beaches. These are found all along the east side of the island. Harbour Island is part of the Out Islands of the Bahamas. 

Eleuthera

Eleuthera, sometimes spelled Eleuthra, is an island in The Bahamas. It is east of Nassau. It is long and thin— long and in places little more than wide.

Harbour Island

Harbour Island or Harbor Island may be:

Harbor Island:

Harbour Island:

Hope Town

Hope Town is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands and a small village on Elbow Cay. In Hope Town, neither cars nor golf carts are allowed in the main part of town. Only bicycles and walking are allowed. 

Hope Town has one of the last working kerosene-fueled lighthouses in the world. This lighthouse was built in 1862. It started working two years later.

Long Island, Bahamas

Long Island is an island in the Bahamas. Its capital is Clarence Town. Long Island is one of the Districts of the Bahamas. It is known as the most scenic island in the Bahamas. The population is about 3,000 people.

Long Island is about 130 kilometers long and 6 km wide at its widest point. Long Island is about 265 km southeast of the Bahamian capital of Nassau.

Long Island (disambiguation)

Long Island is an island of New York State. It may also be:

















Mangrove Cay

Mangrove Cay is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on Andros Island.

Moore's Island

Moore's Island is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands.

Moore's Island is one of the little cays off the main land of Abaco. It is about long and wide. It is about from Abaco. It has two towns. Hard Bargain is the capital and the other town is the Bight.

North Abaco

North Abaco is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands. Some of the more known towns in this district include:


North Andros

North Andros is one of the districts of The Bahamas. It is also the largest district in the country. It has some of the largest towns on Andros Island.

North Eleuthera

North Eleuthera is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the island of Eleuthera.

North Eleuthera Airport serves the area.

Rum Cay

Rum Cay is an island and district of the Bahamas. Rum Cay is 20 miles (32 km) southwest of San Salvador Island. Christopher Columbus called it Santa Maria de la Concepción. 

South Abaco

South Abaco is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands.

South Andros

South Andros is a district of The Bahamas. South Andros is known for the production of fresh conch, land crab, and spiny lobster.

Managed services

Managed services is the practice of outsourcing day-to-day management work. It is a calculated way for improved operations inclusive of production support and life cycle build/maintenance activities. The business owner or administrator, who has direct oversight of the organization or system being managed, is referred to as the client, or customer. The person or organization that manages and provides the service is regarded as the service provider. It is an alternative to the break/fix or on-demand outsourcing model where the service provider performs on-demand services and bills the customer only for the work done.


Biscarrosse – Parentis Airport

Biscarrosse - Parentis Airport (ICAO code: LFBS) is located at Parentis-en-Born in Landes departement of Nouvelle-Aquitaine region at 3.5 km south-east of Biscarosse.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Castelnaudary – Villeneuve Airport

Castelnaudary - Villeneuve Airport (ICAO code: LFMW) is located at Villeneuve-la-Comptal in Aude departement of Occitanie region at 2.5 km south-east of Castelnaudary.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Peace of Paris (1814)

The Peace of Paris (1814) was a peace accord that ended the war between France and the Sixth Coalition (Austria, Prussia, Russia, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Spain and a number of German states). Napoleon was defeated and driven into exile on Elba. The peace restored the Burbons in France and defined most of the country's borders.

Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban Airport

Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban Airport (ICAO code: LFMX) is located at Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence departement of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region at 4 km south-west of Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Apollo 9

Apollo 9 was a mission in NASA's Apollo program. It was the third crewed mission in the Apollo program and was the first flight of the Command/Service Module (CSM) with the Lunar Module (LM). The crew was Commander James A. McDivitt, Command Module Pilot David R. Scott, and Lunar Module Pilot Russell L. Schweickart. The mission was launched on March 3, 1969. The mission tested several things which were important for landing on the Moon, including the LM engines, backpack life support systems, navigation systems, and docking maneuvers.

Carcassonne Airport

Carcassonne Airport () is an airport serving Carcassonne and the south of Occitanie. The airport is located on the western part of the city, from the city center, in the Aude department. It is also known as Salvaza Airport, Carcassonne Salvaza Airport or Carcassonne Airport in Pays Cathare (Aéroport de Carcassonne en Pays Cathare).
A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also located at the airport.

Alpes–Isère Airport

Alpes–Isère Airport (formerly known as Grenoble-Isère Airport) , is an airport serving Grenoble. It is 2.5 km north-northwest of Saint-Étienne-de-Saint-Geoirs and 40 km northwest of Grenoble. Both are "communes" in the Isère, "département" of France. It is also known as Grenoble - Saint-Geoirs Airport. The name, Isere, refers to the department of Isère.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also at the airport.

Saint-Yan Airport

Saint-Yan Airport () , also known as Charolais Bourgogne Sud Airport, is an airport in Saint-Yan, a "commune" of the Saône-et-Loire department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of France. A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the airport.

Treaty of Paris (1259)

The Treaty of Paris was a treaty between Louis IX of France and Henry III of England, agreed to on December 4, 1259. It is also known as Treaty of Albeville. It was mainly about territories that England had obtained in 1180, in Normandy. Philip II of France had conquered many of these territories. England lost the Battle of Bouvines in 1214, and was weakened on the European mainland. Louis VII of France strengthened this position. The English were left with Gascony and Bordeaux. The treaty also gave the Channel Islands to England. Henry gave up control of Maine, Anjou and Poitou, which had been lost under the reign of King John but remained Duke of Aquitaine and was able to keep the lands of Gascony and parts of Aquitaine but only as a vassal to Louis.

In exchange, Louis withdrew his support for English rebels. He also ceded to Henry the bishoprics and cities of Limoges, Cahors and Périgueux and was to pay an annual rent for possession of Agenais.

Treaty of Paris (1303)

The Treaty of Paris was signed on May 20, 1303, between England and France. In the Treaty of Paris (1259), Gascony was given to England, as a fief. On all occasions when there was a change of monarch in France or England, the vassal England had to give praise to its lord, France. Edward I of England did this, in the years 1272 and 1285, and also reminded France that it had the same duties. 1294, the treaty was broken. Philip IV of France occupied Guyenne, in Gascony. The English king made it an Allodial title, and was prepared to go to war over it. Philip was only able to keep Guyenne until 1303. With the Treaty of Paris, Edward obtained Guyenne, as well as the cities of Bordeaux and Bayonne. Edward II of England gave allegiance to the French King, and married his daughter, Isabella.

Melun Villaroche Aerodrome

Melun Villaroche Aerodrome () is an aerodrome north of Melun. Melun is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.

The airport is east-southeast of Moissy-Cramayel and southeast of Paris. A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also in the aerodrome.

Montpellier–Méditerranée Airport

Montpellier – Méditerranée Airport or "Aéroport de Montpellier - Méditerranée" , also known as Fréjorgues Airport, is an airport in southern France. It is 7 km east-southeast of Montpellier in Mauguio. The airport carries the 10th largest number of passengers in France (over 1.180 million in 2010). A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also located at the airport.

Otradnoye

Otradnoye (, 59°47'N 30°49'E) is a town in northwestern Russia near Saint Petersburg. Its population is about 23,900 (2011). The territory of Otradnoye is about 70 square kilometers.

South Eleuthera

South Eleuthera is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the island of Eleuthera.

Spanish Wells

Spanish Wells is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is a small town on the island of St. George's Cay It is wide by long. About 1,500 people live here. Spanish Wells has a bridge to neighboring Russell Island. Spanish Wells is so small that many people get around the island using golf carts instead of full-sized cars. 

The area had a lot of property damage during a direct hit from Hurricane Andrew in 1992 and Floyd in 1999.

West Grand Bahama

West Grand Bahama is one of 31 districts of The Bahamas. The district covers the entire western part of Grand Bahama island. It does not include the city of Freeport, which is its own district. Communities within West Grand Bahama include the settlements of Mack Town, Hunters, Lewis Yard, Pinder's Point, Eight Mile Rock, Hepburn Town, Bartlett Hill, Hanna Hill, Pine Dale, Martin Town, Russell Town, Jones Town, Sea Grape, Holmes Rock, Bootle Bay and the westernmost settlement of West End. 

West Grand Bahama is divided into four town areas or townships. Each township has its own chairperson. They are:

Airexpo

Airexpo is a French airshow created in 1987. It is the third most important airshow of France. It is organized by the students of the universities "École nationale de l'aviation civile" and those of the "Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace". It is yearly organized and most of the time on the Muret - Lherm Aerodrome.

The aircraft are representative of the world of aviation, from the Supermarine Spitfire to the F-18 Super Hornet, through the little Robin DR400. Proof of its quality and originality, the airliners are also regularly represented with the participation of Airbus and ATR, with the Airbus A380 and A340-600 or the ATR 72-500.


Green Turtle Cay

Green Turtle Cay is an island in The Bahamas. It is in the "Abaco Out Islands". It is long and 1/2 mile wide. It was named after the many green turtles that live in the area. There are about 450 people. The main town is New Plymouth.

King Fahd Causeway

The King Fahd Causeway is a causeway joining Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. The idea to make the causeway was to improve the connections between Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. Surveying began in 1968. Construction began in 1981. In 1986 it was opened to the public.

In 2008 there was an average of 48,600 passengers per day.

Greater Kashmir

Greater Kashmir is an English-language newspaper published in Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir. The newspaper started as a weekly newspaper in 1977. Since 1978, it is published daily. It is among the most widely read English-language newspapers in the territory.

Qatar Bahrain Causeway

The Qatar Bahrain Causeway (also called the Qatar Bahrain Friendship Bridge) is a planned causeway between the two Arab states of Qatar and Bahrain. It was announced on 13 December 2008 that construction would start in early 2009. As of November 2010, construction had not started. On 27 April 2011, an announcement was made that building the causeway would start in 2011 for completion in 2015.

Flag of Bahrain

The national flag of Bahrain is a white band on the left, with a red area on the right split by five triangles.

Red is the traditional colour for flags of the Arab states of the Persian Gulf. The five points are for the five pillars of Islam.

It is very similar to the flag of Qatar, but that flag is darker, has more points, and is longer than the Flag of Bahrain.

The oldest known flags of Bahrain were plain red. In 1820, Bahrain made a treaty with the United Kingdom. A white stripe was added to show the truce. In 1932, a saw-like edge was added to make the flag of Bahrain different from its neighbours.

The flag first had twenty-eight white points. This was changed to eight in 1972. In 2002 the number was changed to five. This was so that each of the points could stand for one of the Five Pillars of Islam.

Coat of arms of Bahrain

The current coat of arms of Bahrain is a coat of arms that was originally designed in 1932 by Charles Belgrave, the British adviser to the then-Shaikh of Bahrain. The design has undergone slight modifications since then, namely in 1971 in 2002 when mantling and the indentations of the chief were modified respectively, but the influence of the original design is still clearly visible in the modern blazon.

The arms act as a governmental and national symbol in addition to being the personal arms of the king; only the king, however, may display the royal crown ensigning the coat of arms.

The General Maritime Treaty of 1820 gave Bahrain protected status (not as a protectorate of the United Kingdom). In 1932, the advisor to the Ruler, Charles Belgrave, designed a coat of arms for the Ruler, Isa ibn Ali Al Khalifa. The original heraldic achievement was red with a white chief dancetée of three ensigned by an heraldic "ancient crown" of eight points, with five being visible in renditions.
After the United Kingdom withdrew from Bahrain in 1971, red mantling with a white lining was added to the coat of arms as a symbol of the island nation's newly acquired independent sovereignty. The mantling is displayed around the shield without a helm or torse, in a manner unusual to traditional heraldic practice. The Princely coat of arms still displayed the Crown when used as the personal arms of Emir, though the Crown was modified to have smaller points displayed between the space of each point. The arms displayed with the mantling sans Crown became the arms of dominion for Bahrain.

The heraldic device has been most recently altered in 2002, when the emirate was declared a kingdom by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa. The shield remains red, but the white chief dancetée now includes five indentations to represent the five pillars of the Muslim faith, rather than the three as was originally assumed in 1932.
The design on the shield is nearly identical to the design of the national flag, the only difference being that the whole of the design is rotated so that the chief of the shield appears as the hoist of the flag. The current coat of arms of Bahrain was made in 1932 by Charles Belgrave.


Bahrainona

"Baħrajnonâ" (, ; "Our Bahrain") is the national anthem of Bahrain. 
Several changes were made to this song by a national police band which was formerly led by Colonel Moħammed Ṣedqi Għajâẋ. The lyrics (words of the song) were written by Jusef Għaṭṭeja ar-Rimâwi. The melody comes from at least the 1940s, but its composer remains unknown. It was later rearranged by singer and composer ‘Aħmad al-Ġomajri.

Bahraini

Bahraini may be:

Constitutional monarchy

A constitutional monarchy is a form of monarchy. In a constitutional monarchy, a king or queen is the official head of state. However, their powers are limited by a constitution and they usually do not have much real power, as the legislative branch is the primary governing body. A constitutional monarchy is different than an absolute monarchy because in absolute monarchies, the monarch is able to rule with full power, and is able to change the laws freely.

Constitutional monarchy first emerged in England. At first, the British monarchy was absolute. However, the nobility under King John felt that the king had abused his power, and forced him to sign a document called the Magna Carta. This document limited the powers of the king and made him somewhat responsible for the wellbeing of his subjects. The document, however was more focused on maintaining the ability of the nobles to have a say in what the king did.

Contemporary constitutional monarchies include the United Kingdom and Commonwealth realms, Belgium, Bhutan, Bahrain, Cambodia, Denmark, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Liechtenstein, Lesotho, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Monaco, Morocco, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Eswatini, Sweden, and Thailand.

The following is a list of reigning monarchies. Except where noted, monarch selection is hereditary as directed by the state's constitution.

Teide National Park

Teide National Park is the most visited National Park in Spain and also one of the most visited National Parks in the world. 

Located in Tenerife (Canary Islands), it is centered around 3718m Mount Teide, the highest mountain of Spain and the islands of the Atlantic (it is the third largest volcano in the world from its base). It was declared a National Park on 22 January 1954, making it one of the oldest national parks in Spain. 

The park has an area of 18,990 hectares and was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO on 28 June 2007. Since the end of 2007, it has also been one of the 12 Treasures of Spain. Midway up the mountain are the telescopes of the Observatorio del Teide. Territorially, it belongs to the municipality of La Orotava.

King of Bahrain

The King of Bahrain is the monarch and head of state of Bahrain. Between 1783 and 1971, the Bahraini monarch held the title of Hakim. From 1971 until 2002 the title was Emir. On 14 February 2002, the then-Emir of Bahrain, Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa, said Bahrain was a kingdom. He made himself the first king.

The Arabic title of the Hakim was "Hakim al-Bahrayn". The Hakim also held the honorific title of sheikh.

The Arabic title of the Emir was "Amir dawlat al-Bahrayn". The Emir also held the honorific title of sheikh.

The Arabic title of the King is "Malik al-Bahrayn". The King also holds the honorific title of sheikh.

Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa

Hamad bin Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa (born 28 January 1950) is the King of Bahrain. He became King on 14 February 2002. He was also "Emir" from 6 March 1999. He is the son of Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa, the previous "Emir". He was proclaimed Crown Prince on June 27, 1964.

Succession to the Bahraini throne

Succession to the Bahraini throne is done by primogeniture from the male descendants of Sheikh Isa bin Ali Al Khalifa (1848 – 1932). However, the ruling King of Bahrain can select any of his other sons as his successor if he wishes to. The current ruler of Bahrain is King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifah.

Line of succession:

After Sheikh Isa bin Muhammad Al Khalifa come firstly the descendants of Hakim Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, and then last in line the descendants of Hakim Isa bin Ali Al Khalifa.

Synecdoche

Synecdoche is a figure of speech. It uses a part for the whole thing, or the whole for one of its parts. Examples:
These three examples, and most other cases, use the part for the whole. But an expression like "The West" might just mean the U.S.A. It depends on context.
The Government did not actually make the statement: a spokesperson did.

Synecdoche is a type of metonymy, because it refers to its target by using a related term. It is similar to metaphor in its use in prose.


Metonymy

Metonymy is a term for a figure of speech. Metonymy a thing or concept is indirectly named. It is not called by its own name, but by the name of something which is closely related or implicit in the context. 

One of the most common metonyms is the use of the capital city of a country to mean the government of that country, which is usually in the capital city. For example, mass media uses the word "Washington" to talk about the federal government and national politics of the United States, Other examples of metonyms often use place names to mean major industries which are based there. For example, the stock markets of the US are located on Wall Street in New York City, so "Wall Street" is used as a general word for the US economy. Here is a list of some well-known metonyms:



Salman, Crown Prince of Bahrain

Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, Crown Prince of Bahrain (born 21 October 1969) is the heir apparent of the Kingdom of Bahrain. He is deputy supreme commander of the Bahrain Defense Force. Prince Salman is the oldest son of the current king of Bahrain, Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa and his first wife Queen Sabika bint Ibrahim Al Khalifa.

Salman went to high school at Bahrain School. He went to American University in Washington D.C. (1992). Then he got a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge, England (1994).

On 11 November 2020, he became the Prime Minister of Bahrain following the death of Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa.

Prime Minister of Bahrain

In Bahrain, the Prime Minister is the head of government of the country. According to the Constitution of Bahrain, the Prime Minister is selected by the King. They do not need to be an elected member of the Council of Representatives.

Bahrain's current Prime Minister of Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. Before him, the country had only one Prime Minister since the country's independence, Khalifah ibn Sulman al-Khalifah until his death in November 2020.

Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa

His Royal Highness Prince Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa (20 November 1935 – 11 November 2020) was a Bahraini royal and politician. He was the unelected 1st Prime Minister of Bahrain from 1971 until his death in 2020. He was the longest-serving prime minister in the world. 

Khalifa is the uncle of the King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa.

Khalifa died at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota on 11 November 2020, just two weeks before his 85th birthday.

National Assembly (Bahrain)

The National Assembly is the name of both chambers of the Bahraini parliament. This is in the Constitution of 2002.

It has 80 seats. There are 40 elected members of the Council of Representatives (the lower house). There are 40 royally-appointed members of the Consultative Council (the upper house).

It is chaired by the Speaker of the Consultative Council. If that person is gone the chair is the Speaker of the Council of Representatives.

Bahraini dinar

The dinar (sign: .د.ب or BD; code: BHD) is the currency of Bahrain. It is divided into 1000 fils. The name dinar is from the Roman denarius. The dinar was started to be used in 1965. Before Bahrain used the Gulf rupee.


Telephone numbers in Bahrain

Telephone numbers in Bahrain are usually eight digits long. Most of the fixed land line numbers start with 1. Cellular (Mobile) phone numbers and pager numbers start with 3* or 663* or 669* depending on the service provider. 

The country code is +973. There is no area code in Bahrain. The two digit numbers after the land line prefixes are for different cities or regions in Bahrain.

Batelco is the main service provider for land lines. Mobile users commonly subscribe to Batelco, Zain or Viva.

Dilmun

Dilmun is a land mentioned by Mesopotamian civilizations. It was a trade partner, a source of the metal copper, and an entrepôt of the Mesopotamia-to-Indus Valley Civilization trade route. Although the exact location of Dilmun is not known, it was most likely located in the islands of Bahrain and Failaka island, Kuwait. Dilmun had a presence in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman and nearby Iranian coast in the Persian Gulf. Gilgamesh had to pass through Mount Mashu to reach Dilmun in the Epic of Gilgamesh.

Dilmun appears first in Sumerian cuneiform clay tablets from the end of fourth millennium BC.

Tylos

Bahrain was referred to by the Greeks as Tylos. It was the centre of pearl trading, when "Nearchus" came to discover it serving under Alexander the Great. From the 6th to 3rd century BC Bahrain was in the Persian Empire. The Greek historian, Theophrastus, states that much of the islands were covered in cotton trees. Tylos was famous for selling walking canes that were carried in Babylon.

It is not known whether Bahrain was part of the Seleucid Empire. Alexander planned to settle the eastern shores of the Persian Gulf with Greek colonists. The upper classes spoke Greek. Tylos became a site of Greek athletic contests.

With the lessening of Greek power, Tylos was added into Characene or Mesenian. From the third century BC to the arrival of Islam in the seventh AD, Bahrain was controlled by two other Iranian dynasties of Parthians and Sassanids.

Awal

Awal is the old name of Bahrain, an island country in the Persian Gulf. The name "Awal" was used for eight centuries. Awal is from the name of a god that was worshiped by people of the islands before Islam. Awal looked like the head of an ox. The god Awal is very similar to the god Nandi of the Hindus. 

23rd century BC

The 23rd century BC is a century which was from the year 2300 BC to 2201 BC.



24th century BC

The 24th century BC is a century which was from the year 2400 BC to 2301 BC.





In modern South Korean national mythology, the character Dangun founded the state Gojoseon in 2333 BC. Danjun ruled it for about 2000 years. 

22nd century BC

The 22nd century BC is a century which was from the year 2200 BC to 2101 BC.



29th century BC

The 29th century BC is a century which was from the year 2900 BC to 2801 BC.


Pacific Northwest tree octopus

The Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus is a real animal created in 1998 by Lyle Zapato. Zapato's website says the tree octopus is real, and that it lives on both land and water. Zapato created this website about the fake tree octopus to show how important it is to think carefully about whether things on the Internet are true or not.

The original website that described the fake species is commonly used as an example in internet literacy classes to teach students to check more carefully if sources of information are reliable.

The text included other hoax species and organizations, mixed with links to pages about "real" species and organizations. Despite the falsehoods shown on the site, all 25 seventh-grade students involved in one well-publicized test believed the content. All but one of the 25 rated the site as "very credible".


26th century BC

The 26th century BC is a century which was from the year 2600 BC to 2501 BC.





Xenon difluoride

Xenon difluoride is a chemical compound with the formula XeF. This noble gas compound can be used as a good fluorinating agent. Xenon difluoride is the most stable compound of all xenon compounds.

The compound shows a trigonal bipyramidal pseudostructure or a linear real structure in VSEPR theory.

Xenon difluoride is solid in state of matter. It is achromatic (without color) and in crystal form. Under high pressure and temperature, the compound can be produced from xenon and fluorine directly.

Xenon difluoride is used in organic syntheses as fluorinating agent.

Xenon difluoride can be destroyed by heating. It then results in the pure substances fluorine and xenon. This reactions happens explosively, even though that the enthalpy of reaction is negative (formula_2). That is because the reaction changes the state of matter from solid to gas. The gas needs more space in room.


200

Year 200 (CC) was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. 










496 BC

Year 496 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






253

Year 253 (CCLIII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 




Viktor Troicki

Viktor Troicki (pronounced , , , ; born 10 February 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian professional tennis player. Viktor became pro in 2006. He was born in Belgrade, Serbia. Viktor play tennis right hand, two hand backhand.


242

Year 242 (CCXLII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






Janko Tipsarević

Janko Tipsarević (born June 22, 1984) is a Serbian professional tennis player. Janko became pro in 2002. He was born in Belgrade, Serbia. Janko plays tennis right handed. He has a two-handed backhand. 



Plausible Prejudices: Essays on American Writing

Plausible Prejudices: Essays on American Writing is a book of essays about writing. The author is Joseph Epstein. 

"Kirkus Reviews" and "Los Angeles Times" wrote about the book. The "Chicago Tribune" also had good things to say about the book. It said that Epstein's essays of literary criticism are his most interesting works and that they were definitely worth preserving together in a collection.

Stranger with My Face

Stranger with My Face is a fiction book. The author is Lois Duncan. It won an award called ALA Best Book for Young Adults.


Delhi Capitals

The Delhi Daredevils are a team in the Indian Premier League. In 2012 they qualified for the playoffs.

406 BC

Year 406 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 





240

Year 240 (CCXL) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.






276

Year 276 (CCLXXVI) was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






173

Year 173 (CLXXIII) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 



175

Year 175 (CLXXV) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






127

Year 127 (CXXVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.






203

Year 203 (CCIII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






Euclid's lemma

Euclid's lemma, also called Euclid's division lemma or Euclid's first theorem, is an important lemma. It was made by the mathematician Euclid.

He basically proposed that for any two integers (let us call them 'a' and 'b') there exists 2 unique integers (Let us call them ' q ' and ' r ') that satisfies the equation, a = qb + r, where r<a.

In the equation, the variable 'b' is dividing the variable 'a'. This makes 'b' the divisor and 'a' as the dividend
'q' is the quotient and 'r' is the remainder

The equation thus means that a dividend is equal to its divisor multiplied with its quotient and added with its remainder.

Thiruvalluvar

Thiruvalluvar was a Tamil poet and philosopher who wrote the classic of couplets of Tamil, "Thirukkural".



Tephritidae

The Tephritidae are one of two fly families known as fruit flies. The other family is the Drosophilidae. 

There are nearly 5,000 species of tephritid fruit fly in almost 500 genera of the Tephritidae. Description and genetic analyses are constantly changing the taxonomy of this family. To distinguish them from the Drosophilidae, the Tephritidae are sometimes called 'peacock flies'.

Family tree of Japanese monarchs

This is a family tree of the Emperors of Japan ("tenno") from Jimmu to the present day. 

The legendary genealogy of the emperors includes Shinto deities.

The traditional order of succession begins with Emperor Jimmu.

In the graphic chart, the names of Jimmu and his successors are highlighted in yellow. The ordinal numbers of the Japanese monarchs are in red; and these are also highlighted in yellow.

The pretenders of the Nanboku-chō period are highlighted in beige.



Magnetic monopole

A magnetic monopole is a hypothetical particle in particle physics that is a magnet with only one magnetic pole (a north pole without a south pole or the other way around). Scientists are interested in this, as they are predicted in several particle theories, such as grand unified and superstring. Magnetism in normal bar magnets and electromagnets does not come from magnetic monopoles. There is not enough evidence to even be sure that magnetic monopoles exist in this universe.

Frank Bruno

Franklin Roy Bruno MBE (born 16 November 1961) is a British boxer-turned actor. His parents were from the Caribbean. He was born in Hammersmith, west London and grew up in Wandsworth, south London. He won the WBC heavyweight championship in 1995.

Bruno has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.


Carina nebula

The Carina nebula (NGC 3372 or the Great Nebula in Carina, the Eta Carina nebula) is a large, bright nebula. It is around 7,500 light years from Earth and has over 14,000 stars. It appears in the constellation of Carina in the Carina–Sagittarius Arm of the Milky Way. The Carina nebula was discovered by Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in 1751 from the Cape of Good Hope. The French astronomer had made an astronomical expedition to record objects in the southern sky.

From the description in WP Commons:

’O sole mio

"" is a famous Naples song written in 1898. The lyrics were written by Giovanni Capurro and the music was composed by Eduardo di Capua.

It has been performed and covered by many artists as Enrico Caruso, Beniamino Gigli, Mario Lanza and The Three Tenors. It has also been performed by rock/pop artists such as Dalida, Anna Oxa, Bryan Adams, Me First, SF9, Vitas Al Bano, Elvis Presley ("It's Now or Never"). Luciano Pavarotti won the 1980 Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Performance for his rendition of "’O Sole Mio."

Gian Carlo Menotti

Gian Carlo Menotti (, ; July 7, 1911 – February 1, 2007) was an Italian-American composer and librettist. Although he often referred to himself as an American composer, he kept his Italian citizenship.

He is well-known for his 1951 one-act opera, "Amahl and the Night Visitors". It was commissioned by NBC for broadcast on television. Menotti wrote the music and the words.

260

Year 260 (CCLX) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 







284

Year 284 (CCLXXXIV) was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. 





188

Year 188 (CLXXXVIII) was a leap year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 




480 BC

Year 480 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 








495 BC

Year 495 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 



Arquette

Arquette is a surname. People with this name include an American family, many of whom are actors:


David Arquette

David James Arquette (born September 8, 1971) is an American actor, movie director, and producer. He was born in Winchester, Virginia to actor Lewis Arquette (1935-2001) and poet Mardi (née Nowak, died 1997). He is best known for his role as Deputy Sheriff Dewey Riley in the "Scream" movies. 

Arquette played a wrestling fan in the movie "Ready to Rumble". To market this movie, WCW hired Arquette to appear on their TV show and win their world title. Arquette argued he should not win the belt because he is not a real wrestler but WCW talked him into it. The attention received was only negative and the backlash eventually caused WCW to go out of business. The movie was also a critical disaster that ruined the careers of some of the actors in it, like Oliver Platt.

Because Arquette is also a wrestling fan in real life, he regretted making a mockery of wrestling and donated the money he made from WCW to families of dead wrestlers Owen Hart and Brian Pillman and also to Darren Drozdov, who was paralyzed in a wrestling match.

Arquette was a contestant on the 13th season of "Dancing with the Stars" in fall 2011.

320

Year 320 (CCCXX) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. 








274

Year 274 (CCLXXIV) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 







President of Ecuador

The President of Ecuador () is the chief of state and the head of government in the country. Under the current Constitution (adopted in 2008), the President is elected by popular (by many people) vote, for a period of four years. They can serve two terms (periods of four years). Before 2008, people could be the president for only one term.

The President of Ecuador right now is Daniel Noboa since November 23, 2023. He was elected as the president on October 15, 2023.

324

324 (CCCXXIV) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. 





339

Year 339 (CCCXXXIX) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





Opéra de Monte-Carlo

The Opéra de Monte-Carlo (Salle Garnier) is an opera house in Monaco. It was built in the 1870s by Prince Charles III of Monaco and the Société des bains de mer de Monaco. Building was directed by the architect Charles Garnier, who also designed the Palais Garnier in Paris. The Monaco Opera House similar to the Paris Opera House. It seats 524 people. It is in the Belle Époque style. It was opened on 25 January 1879. The house was renovated between 2004 and 2005.


238

Year 238 (CCXXXVIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





209

209 (CCIX) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 





205

Year 205 (CCV) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. 




197

Year 197 (CXCVII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






218

Year 218 (CCXVIII) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 




239

Year 239 (CCXXXIX) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.




311

Year 311 (CCCXI) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





241

Year 241 (CCXLI) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.






243

Year 243 (CCXLIII) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 




313

Year 313 (CCCXIII) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar.







217

217 (CCXVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. 





470 BC

Year 470 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






411 BC

Year 411 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 





405 BC

Year 405 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






473 BC

Year 473 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 




350

Year 350 (CCCL) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 






372

Year 372 (CCCLXXII) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.








376

Year 376 (CCCLXXVI) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.





385

385 was a common year starting on Wednesday.




294

Year 294 (CCXCIV) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.





334

Year 334 (CCCXXXIV) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.





333

Year 333 (CCCXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





231

231 (CCXXXI) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar.






226

Year 226 (CCXXVI) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 



384

384 was a leap year starting on Monday.




266

Year 266 (CCLXVI) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.




277

Year 277 (CCLXXVII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





349

Year 349 (CCCXLIX) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 




291

Year 291 (CCXCI) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 





254

Year 254 (CCLIV) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 




271

Year 271 (CCLXXI) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 







283

Year 283 (CCLXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





270

Year 270 (CCLXX) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 





264

264 (CCLXIV) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. 



150

Year 150 (CL) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.








165

Year 165 (CLXV) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.





Google Play

Google Play (also known as Play store) is a platform by Google. It is a online store for music, books, movies and a few million Android applications. Google formed it in March 2012 by merging four different stores:


Google Play also sold Google hardware devices, until 2015 when Google started a new Google Store for that.

Ragged Island

Ragged Island is a small island and district in the southern Bahamas. The island was badly damaged by Hurricane Donna. In 2000 there were just 72 people.

The Open Door Tour

The Open Door Tour is the second worldwide tour by American alternative metal band Evanescence. Supporting the bands' second album, "The Open Door", the tour began October 5, 2006, in Toronto, Canada and lasted for a little over a year. During the tour, the band performed at several popular music festivals, including Download and PinkPop festivals and Z100's Jingle Ball. The setlist included songs from The Open Door and the bands debut album, Fallen.

For the first leg of the tour, the band toured locations in North America in October and traveled to Europe in November to play a number of shows before returning to the U.S. in December to perform in large arenas. The band later continued this leg of the tour in January 2007 in Montreal, Canada, playing in locations in Canada before heading to Japan and Australia.

The second leg of the tour began on March 16, kicking off in Fresno, California. The tour ran through the U.S., South America, South Africa and Europe, closing their European tour with a sell-out concert at the Amphi in Ra'anana, Israel, on June 26, 2007. On May 4, 2007, guitarist John LeCompt was fired and drummer Rocky Grey quit. They were replaced by Troy McLawhorn and Will Hunt from the band Dark New Day.

Evanescence later co-headlined The Family Values Tour alongside Korn from July 27 until September 2, 2007. Afterwards, the band left on their Winter tour on October 23, playing shows in the U.S. and Mexico, before concluding the album's tour on December 8, 2007 in Kingston, Rhode Island. It was initially stated that McLawhorn and Hunt would tour with Evanescence till the end of the Family Values Tour in September, but continued to play with the band through The Open Door tour.




Chelsea (name)

The name Chelsea is a given name used for females. It is pronounced CHELL-see. The name Candice has roots in Latin. It is derived from the Latin word "candidus," which means "bright" or "shining." Artemis, the Greek goddess of the moon, is also associated with the name as she was known for her beauty and radiance.

There are many famous people named Chelsea, including Chelsea Clinton (the daughter of former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton). The name was used most in 1992, when it was at #15 in the United States on the USA Social Security Administration baby naming chart.

The name might come from the Old English language and mean "chalk landing place".

There is also an English football club called Chelsea. Chelsea Football Club is an English football club that plays in the Premier League. Their home stadium is Stamford Bridge in Fulham, London.



Stairlift

A stairlift or stair lift is a mechanical device that carries people up and down stairs in a chair. Stairlifts are often used by people who are handicapped or cannot walk up the stairs.

Stairlifts travel on rails that are bolted to the staircase, not the wall. Most stairlifts have a battery-powered motor. The battery allows the user to ride the lift even if the power goes out.

Straight Rail Stair Lifts - A straight rail stair lift is the most common type. It is designed for straight stairs and can be installed quickly. With a straight rail stair lift, the rail is attached to the treads of the stairs by legs that are spaced approximately a foot (30 cm) apart.

Curved Rail Stair Lifts - A curved rail stair lift follow the unique curvature of a staircase. This means the planning and installation process is slower and more expensive since it is customized and the rail may have to be longer.

Platform Stair Lifts - Wheelchair or platform stair lifts has the standard seat but is big enough to carry a wheelchair. These stair lifts may also need more power than traditional curved or straight rail stair lifts. They are therefore most common in commercial buildings, hospitals, and assisted living facilities and nursing homes.

Teatro Regio (Turin)

The Teatro Regio ('Royal Theatre') is a well-known opera house and opera company in Turin, Italy.

Operas had been performed in various buildings in Turin during the 17th century but it was not until 1713 that a proper opera house was planned. It was not built and finished until 1740. It was a beautiful opera house with 1,500 seats and with 139 boxes.

In 1792 it was closed and became a warehouse. With the French occupation of Turin during the Napoleonic War the theatre was renamed the "Teatro Nazionale" and finally, after Napoleon became emperor, renamed again as the "Teatro Imperiale". When Napoleon's lost power in 1814 it got its original name back: the "Regio".

Other theatres were built and gave seasons of opera in Turin. Among them was the restored "Teatro Carignano" in 1824. It was taken over by the municipality in 1932 and, after the destruction by fire of the "Teatro Regio" in 1936, the Carignano was the main opera house in the city until the "Regio" reopened in 1973.

The Regio was rebuilt in 1905 but the theatre closed during the First World War and re-opened in 1919. Until February 1936, seasons of opera were presented until fire then destroyed everything except the front of the building. It remained closed for thirty-seven years. Arturo Toscanini was the conductor of the Turin Opera from 1895 to 1898, during which time several production of works of Wagner were given their first Italian performances.

The opera house was rebuilt an opened in 10 April 1973 with a production of Verdi's "I Vespri Siciliani" directed by Maria Callas and Giuseppe Di Stefano.

The new house, which uses the original frontage, seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes. An acoustic shell was added to improve its sound. Many operas are performed there, including modern operas.



Al-Ahsa

Al-Ahsa (or Al-Hasa) may refer to:


Al-Ahsa Oasis

Al-Ahsa, sometimes Al-Hasa, El Hasa, or Hadjar is a traditional oasis region in eastern Saudi Arabia. The oasis is about 60 km inland from the Persian Gulf.

Al-Ahsa is part of the region known historically as Al-Bahrayn. It includes the eastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula down to the borders of Oman. It also includes the island of Awal (modern-day Bahrain).
Al-Hasa has one of the largest numbers of Shia Muslims in mostly Sunni Saudi Arabia.

With an area of around , Al-Ahsa Oasis is the largest oasis in the world. There are more than 2.5 million palm trees including date palms in the oasis, which is fed from a huge underground aquifer and irrigated by the flow of more than 280 artesian springs, which allows agriculture all year round in a region that is otherwise sand desert.


Qatif

Qatif or Al-Qatif is a governorate and urban area in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia. It goes from Ras Tanura and Jubail in the north to Dammam in the south. It is from the Persian Gulf in the east to King Fahd International Airport in the west. 

Qatif is one of the oldest towns in the eastern side of the Arabian peninsula. Its history goes back to 3500 BC. Qatifi people used to work as merchants, farmers, and fishers. Now most of Qatifi's people are working in oil, industry, public services, education and health care sectors.

House of Khalifa

The Al Khalifa family is the ruling royal family of Bahrain. The Al Khalifa are Sunni Islam. They belong to the Anizah tribe that came from Najd to Kuwait in the early 18th century. They are also from the Utub tribe. The current head of the family is Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. He became the Emir of Bahrain in 1999 and made himself King of Bahrain in 2002.

As of 2010, about half of the cabinet ministers of Bahrain are from the Al Khalifa royal family. The country's Prime Minister, Khalifah bin Salman al-Khalifah, is also from the Al Khalifa family and is the uncle of the current King.

Public offices in Bahrain that Al Khalifa family members have:


Islamic Consultative Assembly

The National Consultative Assembly of Iran, also called The Iranian Parliament or People's House, is the national legislative body of Iran. The Parliament has 290 representatives. There were 272 seats since the 18 February 2000 election. The election took place on 2 March 2012. The new parliament will be opened on 27 May 2012. 

The first national assembly, the "Majlis", was formed in 1906, after the 1905-1906 revolution. The Majlis wrote a constitution for the Persian empire. 
The first Majlis had 156 delegates. Tehran had 60 of the 156 seats. Major provinces like Azerbaijan had 12 delegates. Smaller provinces like Gilan and Tavala had 6 delegates each. 

In 1941, Britain and Russia invaded Persia to put the Germans out. This happened during the 13th Majlis. Mohamed Reza Shah was the constitutional monarch from 1941-1953. From 1953 until the revolution of 1979, Shah was the absolute ruler. Elections for the 14th Majlis were in 1943. In 1950, a special assembly met to create a new upper house, or senate, with half of the members appointed by Shah. The assembly also gave Shah the power to dissolve the national assembly. The 21st Majlis was elected in September 1963.

After the revolution, Iran changed the name of the parliament from the National Assembly to the Islamic Assembly. 

Dates of elections: 


Charles Belgrave

Charles Dalrymple Belgrave (1894–1969) was a British citizen. He was an advisor to the rulers of Bahrain from 1926 until 1957. He first was under Shaikh Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa. The he was under Shaikh Salman ibn Hamad Al-Khalifa.

During the war he was with the Imperial Camel Corps. He spent two years in Siwa Oasis. He got better at his Arabic at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. He came to Bahrain in March 1926. He stayed there until 1957.

The biggest long-term benefit to the country has said to be the making of schools for girls by his wife Marjorie Belgrave. 


Abdul Amir al-Jamri

Sheikh Abdul Amir al-Jamri (1937-December 18, 2006) was the 'spiritual leader' of Bahrain's Twelver Shi'a population and the 1990s Intifada. He is the father of Mansoor Al-Jamri, editor-in-chief of the Al Wasat daily newspaper.

Al-Jamri was born in the village of Bani Jamra, Bahrain, in 1937. In 1962 he went to school at the Najaf Religious Institute in Iraq. In 1973 al-Jamri became a member of Bahrain's parliament, the National Assembly of Bahrain.

Beginning in 1977, al-Jamri was a judge at the High Religious Court of Bahrain. In 1992, al-Jamri joined with Islamists, liberals and leftists to ask the ruler of Bahrain to make a new parliament. In 1994, he asked again.

On April 1, 1995, al-Jamri was placed under house arrest for two weeks. He then went to jail. He was let go on September 25, 1995. On January 21, 1996 he went to jail again. On July 7, 1999 al-Jamri was given 10 years imprisonment and fined $15 million. He was let go a day later and placed under house arrest until January 23, 2001. Less than one month later he called on the people to support the reforms of the King of Bahrain, Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifah. 

In June 2002, al-Jamri suffered a stroke. He died at home on December 18, 2006.

Sheikh

Sheikh — also spelled Sheik or Shaikh or Shekh — is an honorific in the Arabic language. It means "elder" and often means "leader and/or governor". It is commonly used for the front man of a tribe. He can be an Islamic scholar who got this title after graduating from a basic Islamic school. Sheikha is the female term. These are uncommon in the Arabic world. A sheikh who is wise is called "ḥakīm" and can rule.

The word is also generally used for a man over forty or fifty years of age.

In Bangladesh, India and Pakistan, "Sheikh" is a common surname among Muslims. It generally means there is Arab ancestry.

Abdulhadi al-Khawaja

Abdulhadi Abdulla Hubail Alkhawaja is a Bahraini-Danish human rights activists. He is now in prison in Bahrain after the Bahraini uprising. He is the former president and co-founder of the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights (BCHR). This is a nonprofit non-governmental group which works to promote human rights in Bahrain.

On 9 April 2011, Al Khawaja was arrested. Al Khawaja was given life imprisonment on 22 June 2011. On 8 February 2012, he started a hunger strike until "freedom or death".

Hasan Mushaima

Hasan Mushaima is an opposition leader in Bahrain. He is the secretary-general of the Haq Movement. He wants more democratic rights in Bahrain. He was a starting member of Al Wefaq. He was in the 1994 uprising in Bahrain.

The Bahraini government arrested Mushaima many times.

In 2010 Mushaima traveled to Great Britain to be treated for lung cancer.

Mushaima said he was going to return to Bahrain during the protests in February 2011. He was kept in Lebanon. Mushaima finally did return to Bahrain on Saturday, February 26, 2011.

On 22 June 2011, Mushaima was given life imprisonment by a military court for "attempting to overthrow the monarchy".


Governorate

The governorate is the administrative division of the country. It is headed by governor / Caliph. English-speaking nations name regions that have governors either states, provinces or colonies

The word governorate is widely used in Arab countries.


Governorates of Jordan

Jordan is divided into 12 governorates. In 1994, four new governorates were created: Jerash, Ajloun, Madaba and Aqaba.

The governorates of Jordan are in one of three regions: the North Region, Central Region and the South Region. The regions are mainly distributed by the distance between the cities.



Governorates of Kuwait

The State of Kuwait is divided into 6 governorates ("muhafazah"). The governorates are then divided into areas. The governorates were first created in 1962, although several newer ones were created many years later.


Governorates of the Palestinian National Authority

The Governorates of Palestine (Arabic: محافظات فلسطين) are the administrative divisions of the country of Palestine. The West Bank and Gaza comprise of 16 governorates. They are under the administration of the Palestinian National Authority.

Governorates of Saudi Arabia

Governorates are the second level of regional administration within Saudi Arabia. Each of Saudi Arabia's 13 emirates is divided into governorates. Governorates are then divided into sub-governorates. Governorates in Saudi Arabia can be either "Category A" or "Category B", depending on how many people live there. The number of Governorates in Saudi Arabia is 118. 119 if you include the special municipality of Al-Udayd.

Capital Governorate, Bahrain

The Capital Governorate is one of the five governorates of Bahrain. It includes parts of the municipalities of Al Manamah, Ras Roman and Jidd Haffs. 

Central Governorate

The Central Governorate was one of the five governorates of Bahrain until 23 September 2014. It includes parts of the former municipalities of Al Mintaqah al Wusta, Ar Rifa' wa al Mintaqah al Janubiyah, Madinat 'Isa, Sitrah and A'ali.

Northern Governorate

The Northern Governorate is one of the five governorates of Bahrain. It includes parts of the former municipalities of Al Mintaqah al Gharbiyah, Al Mintaqah al Wusta, Al Mintaqah al Shamaliyah, Jidd Haffs and Madinat Hamad.


Southern Governorate

The Southern Governorate is the largest of the five governorates of Bahrain. It includes parts of Bahrain's old municipalities - Al Mintaqah al Gharbiyah, Ar Rifa' wa al Mintaqah al Janubiyah, and Juzur Hawar (the Hawar Islands). It has the least number of people of the regions on Bahrain. It is the least economically productive.

Arabian Gulf

Arabian Gulf may be:


Not to be confused with:

Mountain of Smoke

The Mountain of Smoke is a hill in the Southern Governorate of Bahrain. At above mean sea level, it is the country's highest point. 

The Mountain of Smoke is named because of the haze which often surrounds it on humid days. A number of caves are around the mountain.

Territorial waters

Territorial waters or a territorial sea is a belt of coastal waters that goes at most from the edge of a coastal state. The territorial sea is the land of the state underwater. Foreign ships and submarines are only allowed to sail in territorial waters, when the state gives its permission. Ownership also extends to the airspace above and the seabed below, which is also the same length.

The term "territorial waters" is also sometimes used to mean any area of water, a state has jurisdiction. This includes internal waters, the contiguous zone, the exclusive economic zone and potentially the continental shelf.

Unlike territorial waters, in an exclusive economic zone, foreign ships and submarines from other countries can freely sail without any permission. However, this is under the condition that they are just passing by and not taking any resources, which is only reserved to the state who owns it.

The contiguous zone is a band of water that goes from the outer edge of the territorial sea to up to from the baseline.

Tanker

Tanker may be:



Refinery

A refinery is a production place that breaks down certain materials and makes raw material into products of value.

Different types of refineries are as follows:


Master of Business Administration

Master of Business Administration (often shortened to MBA) is a postgraduate academic degree. People who study for an MBA already have a degree in another field of study and study management. Very often, a master's degree is required, but sometimes bachelor's degree-holders with work experience are also accepted. Unlike other areas of study, MBA courses are often targeted at people who work, and can be done in a part-time fashion, including distance learning. MBA programs usually take two years, full-time. The main target group for MBAs are engineers, lawyers, doctors of medicine, and other with a background form the humanities. The idea of the MBA is to give those people qualifications in management positions.

The MBA is a terminal degree and a professional degree.

Australian Greens

The Australian Greens is a green political party in Australia founded in 1992. They are the third-biggest political party in Australia, based on how many votes they got in the 2019 federal election. The leader of the party right now is Adam Bandt. Nine members of the Senate and one member of the House of Representatives are a part of the Greens.

Bob Brown lead the party in federal parliament from 2005 to 2012. In 2010 Adam Bandt was elected to the seat of Melbourne and became one of several crossbenchers providing support to the Gillard Labor minority government.

The Greens also discuss other issues than the environment, such as equality, human rights, peace and non-violence.


Grande école

Grandes écoles are specialized universities in France. Each grande école only teaches a very limited number of subjects. Unlike the other universities in France, the grandes écoles can pick the students they admit. These students have to follow special courses and tests before they are admitted. The grandes écoles award degrees that correspond to a master's degree; they do not award bachelor's degrees. There is no exhaustive list, but in general, there are the following types of grandes écoles, along with some of the representative schools in each category:

Kerrang! Awards

The Kerrang! Awards are the United Kingdom's annual music awards run by the music magazine "Kerrang!". Since they began in 1993, the Kerrang! Awards have become one of Britain's biggest and most advertised music awards.



Beginnings (Ambrose Slade album)

Beginnings is a 1969 rock album by English band Slade, under their earlier name Ambrose Slade. It was the band's first studio album, which failed to chart. In America, the album was titled "Ballzy" and featured new artwork.

The album featured the instrumental single "Genesis".


Play It Loud

Play It Loud is a 1970 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's second studio album, released before their fame and therefore failing to chart. In Canada, the album was released in 1973 where it charted at #40.

The album featured the two singles "Shape of Things to Come" and "Know Who You Are" which did not chart.



Slayed?

Slayed? is a 1972 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's third studio album, released as the first since their rise to fame. A successful album, it went to number one in the UK.

The album featured the two singles "Mama Weer All Crazee Now" and "Gudbuy T'Jane".


Sladest

Sladest is a 1973 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's first UK compilation, mixing all the band's hit singles with some songs from before the band's fame. A successful album, it went to number one in the UK.


Old New Borrowed and Blue

Old New Borrowed and Blue is a 1974 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fourth studio album. In America, the album was titled "Stomp Your Hands, Clap Your Feet". A successful album, it went to number one in the UK.

The album featured the singles "My Friend Stan" and "Everyday".


Slade Alive!

Slade Alive! is a 1972 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's first live album. A successful album, it went to number two in the UK.


Slade in Flame (album)

Slade in Flame is a 1974 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fifth studio album. The album was a soundtrack to the band's own 1975 film "Slade in Flame". A successful album, it went to number six in the UK.

The album featured the singles "Far Far Away" and "How Does It Feel?".

There were "Bangin' Man" instead of "Summer Song (Wishing You Were Here)" and "Thanks For The Memories" instead of "Heaven Knows" on US version.


Nobody's Fools

Nobody's Fools is a 1976 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's sixth studio album. A year before, the band had moved to America to try and gain success in the country, causing the band to lose popularity in the UK and Europe. The album showed the band's declining popularity by peaking at #14 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "In For A Penny", "Let's Call It Quits" and "Nobody's Fool".


Whatever Happened to Slade

Whatever Happened to Slade is a 1977 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's seventh studio album. After the band had tried to find success in America, the band were no longer popular in the UK or Europe. The album failed to chart in the UK, due to the new interest in Punk music.

The album featured the single "Gypsy Roadhog".



Return to Base

Return to Base is a 1979 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's eighth studio album. Continuing the band's period of low popularity, the band were no longer able to get hit singles or albums. The album was released to failure, where it failed to chart.

The album featured the singles "Ginny, Ginny" and "Sign of the Times".



We'll Bring the House Down

We'll Bring the House Down is a 1981 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's ninth studio album. After the band's period of low popularity, the band played at the 1980 Reading Festival, after Ozzy Osbourne cancelled his appearance at the last minute. The band's performance gave them popularity again and the album peaked at #25 in the UK, becoming their comeback album. The album used the songs "Wheels Ain't Coming Down", "Hold On To Your Hats", "Nut Bolts and Screws", "My Baby's Got It" and "I'm A Rocker" from their previous album "Return to Base" (1979).

The album featured the singles "We'll Bring the House Down" and "Wheels ain't Coming Down".


Till Deaf Do Us Part

Till Deaf Do Us Part is a 1981 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's tenth studio album. After the band's comeback at the 1980 Reading Festival, the band were now popular again amongst heavy metal fans. The band released a hard rock/heavy metal album to fit with this new success, and the album itself peaked at #68 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "Knuckle Sandwich Nancy", "Lock Up Your Daughters", Ruby Red" and "Rock and Roll Preacher".


The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome

The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome is a 1983 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's eleventh studio album. The album featured two successful UK top ten singles, whilst the album itself peaked at #49 in the UK. It was the band's most successful album of the 1980s.

The album featured the singles "(And Now the Waltz) C'est La Vie", "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway".


Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply

Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply is a 1984 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's twelfth studio album. The album was a new version of the band's previous album "The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome", where it was released in America only, after heavy metal band Quiet Riot had big success with a cover of the Slade song "Cum on Feel the Noize". It became the band's most successful album in America, peaking at #33.

The album featured the singles "Run Runaway", "My Oh My" and the promotional single "Slam the Hammer Down".


Rogues Gallery

Rogues Gallery is a 1985 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's thirteenth studio album. Following from the band's European and American success with the singles "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway", the band decided to stop touring but continue recording. The album featured ten radio-friendly songs, although the album was not as successful as hoped, peaking at #60 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "All Join Hands", "7 Year Bitch", "Myzsterious Mizster Jones" and "Little Sheila".


Natalie

Natalie [ nat-l-ee ] is a female given name derived from late Latin name Natalia which in turn means "Christmas Day". "Natalie" is found in many languages but is especially prevalent in French and English speaking countries. Natalie is a name that's been popular for centuries due to its beauty and widespread usage across various cultures and languages. This name has a rich history and significant meaning. It is derived from the Latin word "natalis," which means "birth" or "birthday." Natalie is often associated with Christmas, a holiday that celebrates the birth of Jesus Christ. The name has been used in many cultures and languages, with different spellings in French, Spanish, Russian, and Italian. It's also been widely used in countries such as the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. This name was ranked #56 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Crackers – The Christmas Party Album

Crackers – The Christmas Party Album is a 1985 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fourteenth studio album. The album mainly featured new versions of Slade songs, various versions of party anthems, previous Slade hits. The album was successful, peaking at #34 in the UK, receiving a Gold award for sales.

The album featured the single "Do You Believe in Miracles".


You Boyz Make Big Noize

You Boyz Make Big Noize is a 1987 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fourteenth and last studio album. The album featured twelve radio-friendly songs, although the album was not as successful as hoped, peaking at #98 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "Still the Same", "That's What Friends Are For", "You Boyz Make Big Noize", "Ooh La La in L.A." and "We Won't Give In".


Slade Alive, Vol. 2

Slade Alive, Vol. 2 is a 1978 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's second live album. Released during the band's period of low popularity, the album failed to chart or gain the same success as the first live album "Slade Alive!" did.


Slade on Stage

Slade on Stage is a 1982 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's third and last live album. The album peaked at #58 in the UK.


Aeronautical literary festival

The Salon du livre aéronautique (in English : aeronautical literary festival) is an events for aviation books and writing created in 2009 and organized each year in Toulouse (campus of ENAC) by the French Civil Aviation University and the ENAC Alumni association.

The event welcomes both large and small publishers and representatives of the book industry. Its originality is to be open to professionals and general public. On one day, meetings are organized with writers, authors ... The diversity of participants, book signings, discussion topics and activities have helped to make this appointment a great cultural and festive time.


Laura

The name Laura [ lahv-rah; "English" lah-vr"uh" ] is a female given name in Latin Europe whose meaning, "Bay Laurel", translates to everyman. The name is from the bay laurel plant, which in the Greco-Roman era, was used as a symbol of victory, fame or honor. 

Around British North America, it is likely the name "Laura" was strongly popular for female babies until its rapid decline in late 19th century. It rebounded various times since, although it has steadily declined in popularity in some countries. This name was ranked #391 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

There are many celebrities carrying the name "Laura".

In 2020, Hurricane Laura struck western Louisiana and southeast Texas. The storm caused $19 billion in damage. The name "Laura" was retired and replaced by "Leah"


39th G8 summit

The 39th G8 summit took place in Northern Ireland on 17th and 18th June 2013. The meeting was at the Lough Erne Golf Resort in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland 

In the Queen's speech at the state opening of Parliament in 2012, Elizabeth II said that "my government will use this opportunity to promote international security and prosperity."

The gathering of the Group of Eight (G8) will be the 39th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

Previous G8 summits have been hosted by the United Kingdom at London (1977, 1984, 1991) and Birmingham (1998) in England. The 2005 summit was in Scotland at Gleneagles.

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants will be the "core members" of the group:

A number of national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit. They are asked to participate in some, but not all, G8 summit activities.

The summit meetings are intended as a way to resolve differences among the G8 members.

Traditionally, the host country sets the agenda. As host, Prime Minister Cameron is expected to try to change the G8. He has criticised costs and questioned the value of G8 meetings.

Discussions at the 39th G8 summit will include some issues which remain unresolved from previous summits.

The G8 discussions will be about a range of topics, including 

Because of the nature of the summit, protest groups and other activists usually attend. The planning for the summit includes how to deal with these groups.

Britain's leading aid groups and charities are planning a "propaganda offensive" which hopes to affect the food-dominated agenda for the G8.



Bugatti

Bugatti Automobiles S.A.S. is a French supercar company currently owned by Volkswagen. They made cars back in the early 1900s. They made cars such as the Bugatti Veyron. Unlike the regular Veyron, with 300 produced, there are only 20 supersport versions, which used to hold the record for world's fastest car at 267mph. However, that record has been broken by the new Bugatti Chiron, breaking the 300mph barrier. All Bugattis have a 16-cylinder engine and all cost between $1.8 million to $2.2 million (not counting the extras). 1909


Samantha Mumba

Samantha Tamania Anne Cecilia Mumba (born 18 January 1983) is an Irish singer, dancer, actress and musician who first became famous around 2000 with the single "Gotta Tell You". Samantha sings contralto. Mumba has also been in many movies, in particular independent movies.

Mumba's first single, "Gotta Tell You", reached No. 1 in the Irish charts. It later reached No. 2 in the British charts. Mumba also had success in the USA, with the song reaching No. 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. To date, her first album has sold over 4 million copies worldwide.




Financial Times

The Financial Times (FT) is an international business newspaper. It is a morning daily newspaper published in London. It is printed in 24 cities around the world. About 110 of its 475 journalists are outside the UK.

Along with FT.com, it has an average daily readership of 2.1 million people worldwide. FT.com has 4 million registered users and 250,000 digital subscribers, as well as 585,681 paying users. The "Financial Times" in print format has an average daily circulation of three hundred and five thousand copies worldwide as of April 2012.

It was started in 1888 by James Sheridan and Horatio Bottomley. The "FT" specialises in UK and international business and financial news. It is printed as a broadsheet on light salmon paper.

Bahraini people

The Baharna (singular Bahrani) are the people of the archipelago of Bahrain and the oasis of Qatif on the Persian Gulf coast of Saudi Arabia. The term is sometimes also given to the Shi'a people of the al-Hasa oasis. They are all Arabic speaking. They claim descent from Arab tribes. Their dialect of Arabic is known as "Bahrani" or "Bahrani Arabic". Almost all follow Shia Islam.

Muharraq

Muharraq (meaning Place of Ashes), is Bahrain's third largest city. It was the capital until 1923. The Muharraq Town was replaced by Manama as the capital of Bahrain. 

The city is on Muharraq Island. Bahrain International Airport is located on the island.

Muharraq is home to Muharraq Club, which is Bahrain's most successful football club. The city is also known for its traditional market, or souq, and as a home of traditional arts and music. Ali Bahar, a popular and successful Bahraini singer is from Muharraq.

Gulf Air and Bahrain Air have headquarters in Muharraq.

Bani Jamra

Bani Jamra is a village in the north-west of Bahrain. It is east of Budaiya and south of Diraz. It is in the Northern Governorate. Before the discovery of oil in Bahrain, most of the people were involved in farming, especially date palms. Bani Jamra is also famous as a center of traditional fabric weaving, a rapidly dying art.

Almost all of the people of Bani Jamra are Baharna Shias. Leading cleric and political activist Abdul Amir al-Jamri, and his son Mansoor Al-Jamri are from the village.


A'ali

A'ali is one of the biggest towns in Bahrain. Before it was a part of the municipality of Mintaqah. Since 2001 it is in the Central Governorate. A'ali is famous for its 170,000+ ancient burial mounds. These are one of the largest graveyards in the world. A'ali is famous also for its old pottery handicraft.

A'ali is in the middle of Bahrain. It is south of Isa Town and north of Riffa. A'ali has a National Driving School. A'ali is mainly a Shia town. It is approximately 15 km (9.3 miles) southwest of the capital of Bahrain.

Souq

A souq or souk (also spelled soq, souk, esouk, suk, sooq, souq, or suq) is an open-air marketplace or commercial quarter in an Arab, or Berber city. A souk or souq is a free-market where vendors can say the going market price for their products. The term is often used for the market in any Arab or Muslim city. In modern times, it appears in Western cities, too. It may also be the weekly market in some smaller towns where no tribal conflicts would be allowed.

Ibrahim

Ibrahim ( "") may be:

Muharram

Muharram is the first month of the Islamic calendar. It is one of the four sacred months of the year in which fighting is not allowed. The month is accounted with many stories in Islam. The other months are Dhu al-Qi'dah, Dhu al-Hijjah and Rajab. Since the Islamic calendar is a lunar calendar, Muharram moves from year to year when compared with the Gregorian calendar.

Muharram is held to be the most sacred of all the months, except for Ramadan. Some Muslims fast during these days. The tenth day of Muharram is the Day of Ashura. To Shia Muslims it is part of the Mourning of Muharram. The mourning is for Husayn ibn Ali who was the grandson of Prophet Muhammad and their third Imam.

Many Sunni Muslims fast during this day. It is in the "hadith" that Musa (Moses) and his people had a victory over the Egyptian Pharaoh on the 10th day of Muharram. The Islamic prophet Muhammad asked Muslims to fast on this day, and also a day extra either before or after. Many Muslims cook something sweet like sweet rice and share with their family and circle of friends to eat when breaking their fast...
On muhurram a large number of people gather and decorate "'Tazia"' as the Symbol of the battle
People of Muslim communities in many parts of the world set-up ‘Langar’(A large pot filled with food) where water is served free to all for nine days
On muhurram Sunni Muslims prepare ‘khichda’(Rice which includes all the grains and lentils available)

Diana Dors

Diana Dors (born Diana Mary Fluck, 23 October 1931 – 4 May 1984) was a British actress. She was born in Swindon, Wiltshire. 

Dors died of ovarian cancer in Windsor, Berkshire.

Dors was married three times:

Day of Ashura

The Day of Ashura is on the 10th day of Muharram in the Islamic calendar. It is the high point of the Remembrance of Muharram.

Shi'a Muslims mourn for the martyrdom of Husayn ibn Ali, the grandson of Muhammad. He died at the Battle of Karbala on 10 Muharram in the year 61 AH (October 10, 680 AD). According to Sunni Muslim tradition, Muhammad fasted on this day and asked other people to fast.

In many Shi'a regions of Muslim countries such as Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Pakistan, Lebanon, and Bahrain; the Commemoration of Husayn ibn Ali has become a national holiday. Most ethnic and religious communities participate in it. Even in a mostly Hindu country like India, Ashura is a public holiday.



Scientific management

Scientific management is a field of study which was started by Frederick Winslow Taylor (1856-1915). In his honor, the domain is sometimes called Taylorism. Taylor believed he could improve work in a company and its management through scientific procedures. This would solve the social problems in the company and guarantee wealth for all people. Very important components are:
It was mainly used for manufacturing processes, where workers operated machines to get a product. Today, the main problems seen with this approach is that the workers were treated like machines and not like human beings. It is the division of labour pushed to its extreme.


40th G7 summit

The 40th G8 summit was held in Brussels on June 4–5, 2014. It was originally going to be held at the Black Sea resort of Sochi, Russia.

After Russia's involvement in the 2014 Crimean crisis, some people wanted Russia to leave the G8. On March 24, United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron said that the meeting would not occur in Russia due to the Crimean crisis. The other seven countries decided to hold it without Russia.

The participants will be the "core members" of the group:

A number of national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit.

On June 4, 2014 on G7 meeting in Brussels leaders of the G7 nations in their joint statement condemned Moscow for its «continuing violation» of Ukraine's sovereignty and say they are prepared to impose further sanctions on Russia over its actions in Ukraine.

The G7 summit on June 4–5, 2014 is the first since Russia was expelled from the group following its annexation of Crimea in March.

Planning for the summit has to anticipate protest groups and other activists.

For some, the G8 summit will be a profit-generating event; as for example, the "G8 Summit" magazines which have been published since 1998. 



President of Bangladesh

The President of Bangladesh is the Head of State of Bangladesh. Since 1991, Bangladesh is a parliamentary democracy. This makes the President a mostly ceremonial post elected by the parliament. The President lives at the Bangabhaban Palace which is his office and home.

Zillur Rahman

Mohammed Zillur Rahman (9 March 1929 – 20 March 2013) was the President of Bangladesh between 12 February 2009 and his death. He was a senior member of the Awami League. No other candidate filed to run in the presidential election. Rahman died on March 20, 2013 after being taken to Singapore City from an lung infection, aged 84.

Prime Minister of Bangladesh

The prime minister of Bangladesh (), officially prime minister of the Government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh () is the chief executive of the government of Bangladesh. The prime minister and the cabinet are collectively accountable for their policies and actions to the Parliament, to their political party and ultimately to the electorate. The prime minister is ceremonially appointed by the president of Bangladesh.

The position was taken over by the military during years of 1975–78, 1982–86 and 1990–91 due to imposed martial law. In each of these periods, the national government leadership was in control of the military with the executive authority of the president and the prime minister. During the period between 1996 and 2008, The chief adviser of the caretaker government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh exercised authority as per the constitution as the Head of government for 90 days during transition between one elected government to another. The chief adviser headed an Advisory Committee comprising ten Advisers. With powers roughly equivalent to those of the prime minister of an elected governments, his executive power was constrained with certain constitutional limitations. The system was scrapped in 2011 by 15th amendment of constitution to allow political government to conduct any General Election in future.

The current prime minister is Sheikh Hasina, appointed on 6 January 2009 by president Iajuddin Ahmed. She is the longest serving prime minister in the country's history.

Father Ted

Father Ted is an Anglo-Irish sitcom created for Channel 4. It was created by Graham Linehan and Arthur Mathews and produced by Hat Trick Productions. It was shown from 21 April 1995 until 1 May 1998. It is set on a fictional island off the west of Ireland. It is about three Roman Catholic priests who share a house. It stars Dermot Morgan as Father Ted Crilly, Ardal O'Hanlon as Father Dougal McGuire and Frank Kelly as Father Jack Hackett. Pauline McLynn plays their housekeeper Mrs Doyle.

Sheikh Hasina

Sheikh Hasina Wazed (Bengali: শেখ হাসিনা ওয়াজেদ; born 28 September 1947) is a Bangladeshi politician who has served as the tenth Prime Minister of Bangladesh from June 1996 to July 2001 and again since January 2009. She is the daughter of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the founding father and first president of Bangladesh. Having served for a combined total of over 19 years, she is the longest serving prime minister in the history of Bangladesh. As of 11 January 2024, she is the world's longest-serving female head of government.

Mohammad Abdul Hamid

Mohammed Abdul Hamid (born 1 January 1944) was the 16th President of Bangladesh from 2013 to 2023. He was the Speaker of the National Parliament of Bangladesh from 2009 through 2013.

Hamid was born in Mithamoin in the Kishoreganj District.

He started his political career while a student in Kishoreganj. He was the vice president of Gurudayal Government College. He later became a lawyer in the Kishoreganj Judge Court. He was president of Kishoreganj Bar Association several times. He has been elected 7 times as a member of Parliament from 1970 to 2009.

On 25 January 2009, he became the Speaker of the National Parliament of Bangladesh. Currently he is the 20th President of Bangladesh.

Chief Justice of Bangladesh

Chief Justice of Bangladesh is the chief of the judges of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. The Chief Justice is picked by the President of Bangladesh. 


Cox's Bazar

Cox's Bazar is a town, a fishing port and district headquarters in Bangladesh. It is known for its wide sandy beach. It is the world's longest natural sandy sea beach. It is 150 km south of the port Chittagong. Cox’s Bazar is also known by the name "Panowa". The modern Cox's Bazar gets its name from Captain Hiram Cox (died 1799), an officer serving in British India.

Today, Cox's Bazar is one of the most-visited tourist destinations in Bangladesh. It has not yet become a major international tourist destination.

Sundarbans

The Sundarbans is the largest single block of tidal halophytic mangrove forest in the world. The Sunderbans is a UNESCO World Heritage Site covering parts of Khulna Division of Bangladesh. 

The Sundarbans National Park is a National Park, Tiger Reserve, and a biosphere reserve. It is in the Sundarbans delta in the Indian state of West Bengal. This region is covered by mangrove forests. It is one of the largest reserves for the Bengal tiger.

Rangpur Division

Rangpur Division became Bangladesh's seventh division on January 25, 2010. Before that, it was the northern 8 districts of the Rajshahi Division. The Rangpur division has eight districts: Rangpur, Dinajpur District, Kurigram, Gaibandha, Nilphamari, Panchagarh, Thakurgaon, and Lalmonirhat. There are 58 subdistricts under these eight districts. Rangpur is the northernmost division of Bangladesh. There were 15,665,000 people at the 2011 Census.
The major cities of this new division are Rangpur and Dinajpur. Rangpur has well-known schools, such as Carmichael College, Hajee Mohammad Danesh Science and Technology University, Rangpur Medical College, Rangpur Cadet College, and Begum Rokeya University.
In 1947 it became a part of the former East Pakistan province as a district.

Tigon

A tigon or tiglon is a big cat whose father is a male tiger and whose mother is a female lion.

Eosinophil granulocyte

Eosinophil granulocytes, usually called "eosinophils" or "eosinophiles", are granulocyte white blood cells that fight off certain parasites and infections in vertebrates. When they are activated, eosinophils release a cocktail of proteins from their granules, including heparin. Like mast cells and basophils, their main targets are parasites, and they are part causes of the syndromes called asthma and allergy. 

Eosinophils make up 1-6% of white blood cells circulating in the body. They are similar in size to neutrophils but have reddish-orange granules (when stained with eosin) and a bilobed nucleus. Eosinophil granulocytes are important defenders against large, multi-cellular parasites, such as worms and flukes. Their numbers increase during a parasitic infection.

Christine Milne

Christine Anne Milne (born 14 May 1953) was the leader of the Australian Greens between 13 April 2012 and 6 May 2015. She held the position after the previous leader Bob Brown resigned.

Aerostatics

Aerostatics is the study of gases that are not in motion. The study of gases in motion is called aerodynamics. It is a part of fluid statics.

An aerostat is a lighter than air craft, such as an airship or balloon, which uses the principles of aerostatics to float.


37th G8 summit

The 37th G8 summit was held 26–27 May 2011 in the commune of Deauville in France.
The Deauville summit of the Group of Eight (G8) was the 37th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

Previous G8 summits have been hosted by France at Rambouillet (1975); Versailles (1982); Paris (1989); Lyon (1996); and Évian-les-Bains (2003).

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

These summit participants were the current "core members" of the G8:

Other national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit. They participate in some, but not all, G8 summit activities. African leaders who came to Deauville included: 

Also invited were:

Traditionally, the host country of the G8 summit sets the agenda. French general priorities included peace and security.

Discussions included some issues which remained unresolved from previous summits. 

Some of the specific topics on the agenda were: 

World events caused the list of topics to grow, including 

Protest groups and others organized public events. In these demonstrations, the slogan "G8 dégage" ("G8 Go Away") was notable.

The demonstrators are widely understood to be against globalisation.

According to the Mayor of Deauville, "Our main interest is the economic implications."

For some, the G8 summit became a profit-generating event. For example, the "G8 Summit" magazines have been published under the auspices of the host nations for distribution to all attendees since 1998.



Khulna

Khulna is the fourth largest city in Bangladesh. It is on the banks of the Rupsha and Bhairab rivers in Khulna District. It is the headquarters of Khulna Division. It is a major industrial and commercial center. It has a seaport named Mongla on its outskirts, 38 km from Khulna City. There were about 1,000,000 people in 2010 estimation.

The city is 333 km southwest of Bangladesh's capital Dhaka. It is connected by air, road, train and water transportation.

Khulna is known as the city of shrimp, because 75% of shrimp exported from Bangladesh are from the Khulna zone. It is also known for its lobster, prawn, catfish, and crab.

Rajshahi

The city of Rajshahi is the headquarters of Rajshahi Division and Rajshahi District. It is one of the six metropolitan cities of Bangladesh. It is called "Silk City" and "Education City". There are around 1,000,000 people. It is on the northern banks of the river Padma. 

Rajshahi used to be known as Rampur Boalia. 


Sylhet

Sylhet is a major city in north-eastern Bangladesh. It is the main city of Sylhet Division and Sylhet District. It was given metropolitan city status in March 2009. Sylhet is on the banks of the Surma Valley. It is surrounded by the Jaintia, Khasi and Tripura hills. The city has almost 500,000 people. It is one of the largest cities in Bangladesh. The Sylhet region is well known for its tea gardens and tropical forests. Sylhet is one of the richest cities in Bangladesh. 

The city is called a City of Saints. There is the mausoleum of the great saint Hazrat Shah Jalal, who brought Islam to Bengal during the 14th century. 

Barisal

Barisal, officially known as Barishal, ( "Bengali Pron: [boɾiʃal]") is a town in southern Bangladesh. It is an old port on the Kirtankhola. It is 142 km (373 km by road) away from the capital city Dhaka. It is now the headquarters of both the Barisal Division and the Barisal District. The city has 30 wards and 50 mahallas. Barisal municipality was formed in 1957 and was turned into a City Corporation in 2000.

Barisal City has one police academy.

Barisal is a major center for higher education in Bangladesh. A few of city’s education institutions are:




There is also a Physical education college, a Nursing institute and two Teacher's training colleges.

Bogra

Bogra is one of the oldest towns in northern Bangladesh. It is a centre of commerce and trade within the Bogra District. It is under the Rajshahi Division. They have hosted cricket test matches in Shaheed Chandu Stadium. Bogra is also home to the Western Wing of Bangladesh Highway Police. 

Ziaur Rahman, former president of Bangladesh, and Muhammad Ali Bogra, a former Prime Minister of Pakistan, were both born in the district.

Bogra is often called the heart of North-Bengal.

Cumilla

Comilla is a metropolitan city in south-eastern Bangladesh. It is one of the largest cities in Bangladesh. It is a city beside Dhaka-Chittagong Highway. It is the center of the Comilla District and part of the Chittagong Division. It is one of the oldest cities in Bangladesh.

The Eastern Wing of Bangladesh Highway Police is in Comilla. The Gomti River and Little Feni River pass through the city. The Tropic of Cancer crosses Comilla city on the south side.

The Comilla Victorians are a professional cricket team. They play in the Bangladesh Premier League.

Mymensingh

Mymensingh is a city of Bangladesh on the river Brahmaputra. It is the capital of Mymensingh Division. The city is known for institute like Bangladesh Agricultural University, Mymensingh Medical College, Mymensingh Engineering College, Ananda Mohan College, Mymensingh Muminunnesa Women College, Mymensingh Polytechnique Institute and Mymensingh Girls' Cadet College. Other landmark institutions include Mymensingh Army Cantonment. Mymensingh city is about north of Dhaka which is the capital of the country.

Rangpur

Rangpur may be:



Rangpur, Bangladesh

Rangpur is one of the major cities in Bangladesh. Rangpur is the centre of northwestern Bangladesh. Rangpur used to be the headquarter of "Greater Rangpur" district. Later the Greater Rangpur district was broken down into Rangpur, Kurigram, Nilphamari, Lalmonirhat and Gaibandha districts. A public university "Begum Rokeya University, Rangpur" was recently started in the southern part of the city. 


Major schools in the city include:



San Cristóbal, Táchira

San Cristobal is the capital city of the Táchira State in Venezuela, a mountain state. It is located in the southwest region of Táchira. San Cristobal was founded by Juan de Maldonado in March 31, 1561. San Cristobal makes a frontier by the west with Cúcuta, Colombia; by the east with the Apure state; and by the north with the states of Zulia, Barinas and Trujillo.

San Cristobal has a large student population. There are many post-secondary schools, both public and private, in San Cristobal. Major colleges and universities of San Cristobal are listed below:


The weather in San Cristobal is tropical; the temperatures are between 19℃ and 28℃ (66 °F and 83 °F). San Cristobal is characterized has two seasons: summer and spring. The temperatures between those two seasons do not change a lot. However, there is more rain in the spring than in the summer.


The Deportivo Táchira Fútbol Club was founded in 1974 by Gaetano Greco. The Stadium of the Deportivo Tachira is located in the north side of San Cristobal, and it is called Polideportivo de Pueblo Nuevo, and it has a capacity for 38,755 people.


Official website 

Elizabeth Hurley

Elizabeth Jane Hurley (born 10 June 1965) is a British actress and model. She was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire. She played Vanessa Kensington in "" and "". She played the Devil in "Bedazzled". She currently owns her own beachwear line. Hurley has been with the cosmetics company Estée Lauder for over 15 years. They gave Hurley her first modelling job at the age of 29.






Sledgehammer Games

Sledgehammer Games is an American video game developer. It was founded in 2009 by Glen Schofield and Michael Condrey, who worked at Visceral Games and have been an important of the "Dead Space" franchise development.

Sledgehammer Games began to work on a "Call of Duty" third-person shooter in 2009, which would have changed the series dramatically: they planned to turn it into an adventure game. But when Jason West and Vince Zampella, and many other employees from left Infinity Ward in spring 2010, Activision stopped the developement of that new game. Instead, they asked Sledgehammer Games to work with Infinity Ward to develop "" together. Sledgehammer Games had spent six months working on the "Call of Duty" third-person shooter before they began working with Infinity Ward. In October 2011, Sledgehammer Games have said that they will likely cancel the third-person shooter development, but will maybe continue developing in the future.

Sledgehammer's first title, "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3", sold 6.8 million copies in the US and UK alone and grossed $470 million within 24 hours. It grossed more than $775 million globally in the first 5 days. "Modern Warfare 3" also topped the UK video game sales chart in the first seven days. By November 21, 2011, the game was the bestselling title in the United Kingdom, sales dropping by 87%. "Modern Warfare 3" was still the top spot on the UK charts in the third and fourth week. The PS3 version of "Modern Warfare 3" also topped the Japanese chart in its first week on sale. The PS3 version sold 180,372 copies, while the Xbox 360 version sold around 30,000.


Aeronautical operations technician

The degree of Technicien aéronautique d'exploitation (TAE, in English aeronautical operations Technician) was created in 2011. It is recognized by CNCP, and recorded level IV in the "nomenclature des niveaux de formation" (levels of training). The training is organized by the French Civil Aviation University.

The TAE course started in 1962. It was originally named « Agent d'Exploitation » (Handling Agent / Flight Dispatcher). The new name was introduced in November 2010.

The training is in seven months in Toulouse or, since September 2012, on the Aerocampus » of Latresne. The curriculum propose, in substantially equal parts, general lessons of aeronautics and practical lessons : air navigation, telecommunications and aeronautical information, aircraft flight mechanics, navigation, avionics, meteorology, air operations, air law, English, ...

The "Technicien aéronautique d'exploitation" is responsible for the flight preparation and flight planning, passengers, freight management and pricing. he works for an airline or an airport.



6th G7 summit

The 6th G7 summit was a meeting in 1980 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The international group of leaders were together in Italy on June 22-23. The meetings were held in Venice.

The Venice summit of the Group of Seven (G7) was the 6th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

This was the first G7 summit hosted by Italy.

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants were the "core members" of the group:

Japanese Prime Minister Masayoshi Ohira had a fatal heart attack only 10 days before the summit. The Foreign Minister led the Japanese delegation.

The G7 leaders agreed to work together to break the link between oil consumption and economic growth. Medium- and long-term policies were identified as important issues.



Meghna River

The Meghna River is an important river in Bangladesh. It is one of the three that forms the Ganges delta. This delta is the largest on earth. The river meets Padma River in Chandpur District. The river ends in the Bay of Bengal in Bhola District.

Major tributaries of the Meghna include the Dhaleshwari River, Gumti River, and Feni River. The river's average depth is . The maximum depth is .

The Meghna is the widest river of those that are completely inside Bangladesh. At one point near Bhola, Meghna is 12 km wide. In its lower parts this river follows almost a straight line. Despite its very calm and quiet look, this river is the cause of many deaths every year. Several ferry sinkings in the past have killed hundreds. Near Chandpur it is very dangerous.

Jatiya Sangsad

Jatiya Sangsad or National Assembly is the national parliament of Bangladesh. The current parliament of Bangladesh has 345 seats. This includes 45 seats held for women. People who are in the Jatiya Sangsad are called Members of Parliament or MPs. The last 9th National Parliamentary Election was held on December 29, 2008. Normally elections are every five years.

The leader of the party that has most of seats is the Prime Minister of Bangladesh. The President of Bangladesh, who is the ceremonial head of state, is picked by Parliament.

The parliament itself meets in the Jatiyo Sangshad Bhaban. The current majority party is the Bangladesh Awami League.

Members of Parliament must be citizens of "only" Bangladesh and above the age of 25.

Independence Day of Bangladesh

The Independence Day of Bangladesh is a national holiday. It commemorates the country's declaration of independence from Pakistan. It is celebrated on March 26 each year.

Independence Day is commonly associated with parades, political speeches,fairs,concerts,and ceremonies to celebrate the history and traditions of Bangladesh.
The Independence Day Award is the highest state award given by the Government of Bangladesh.

Telephone numbers in Bangladesh

Bangladesh telephone numbers use a calling code of +880.

Charyapada

The Charyapada is a collection of 8th-12th century Vajrayana Buddhist "caryagiti". They are mystical poems from the tantric tradition in eastern India. The Charyapada were meant to be sung. 

A manuscript of this anthology was found in the early 20th century. It shows early examples of the Assamese, Oriya, Maithili and Bengali languages. The writers of the Charyapada belonged to the various regions of Assam, Bengal, Orissa and Bihar. A Tibetan translation of the Charyapada was also kept in the Tibetan Buddhist canon. 

Michael Madhusudan Dutt

Michael Madhusudan Dutt, or Michael Madhusudan Dutta, (25 January 1824 – 29 June 1873) was Bengali poet and dramatist. He was the first great poet of modern Bangla literature. He was educated at the Hindu College, Kolkata. In 1843, he became a Christian. He was born in Sagordari, a village in Keshobpur Upozila, Jessore District, East Bengal (now in Bangladesh). He was a pioneer of Bengali drama. His famous work "Meghnad Badh Kavya", is a tragic Novel, centring round the heroic figure of Indrajit, Ravan's son. It has nine cantos and is exceptional in Bengali literature both in terms of style and content. He also wrote poems about the sorrows and pains of love as spoken by women. 

From an early age, Dutt wanted to be an Englishman in form and manner. In later life, he regretted his attraction to England and the Occident. He wrote lovingly of his homeland in his poems and sonnets from this period.

His early writings were in English, but they were unsuccessful. He turned, reluctantly at first, to Bengali. His main works, written mostly between 1858 and 1862, include prose drama, long narrative poems, and lyrics. His first play, "Sarmistha" (1858), was well received. His poetical works are "Tilottamasambhab" (1860), a narrative poem on the story of Sunda and Upasunda; "Meghnad Badh" (1861), his most important piece, an epic on the Rāmāyaṇa theme; "Brajangana" (1861), a cycle of lyrics on the "Rādhā-Kṛṣṇa" theme; and "Birangana" (1862), a set of 21 epistolary poems on the model of Ovid’s Heroides. 

Dutt is widely said to be one of the greatest poets in Bengali literature. He is the father of the Bengali sonnet. He was the first to make what came to be called "amitrakshar chhanda" (blank verse). Dutt died in Kolkata, India on 29 June 1873.

Kazi Nazrul Islam

Kazi Nazrul Islam (24 May 1899–29 August 1976) was a Bengali poet, musician and revolutionary. His nickname was "Rebel Poet". He was the first to make poems talking about intense spiritual rebellion against fascism and oppression. Nazrul is the national poet of Bangladesh. He is commemorated in India.

He was born into a Muslim family in India, Nazrul received religious education. He worked as a muezzin at a local mosque. He learned of poetry, drama, and literature while working with theatrical groups. After being in the British Indian Army, Nazrul made himself a journalist in Kolkata (then Calcutta). He was against the British Raj in India. He talked about revolution through his poetic works. Some examples are "Bidrohi" ("The Rebel") and "Bhangar Gaan" ("The Song of Destruction"), as well as his publication "Dhumketu" ("The Comet"). His work in the Indian independence movement often led to going to jail by British authorities. While in prison, Nazrul wrote the "Rajbandir Jabanbandi" ("Deposition of a Political Prisoner"). 
Nazrul's writings are about themes such as love, freedom, and revolution. He was against all bigotry, including religious and gender. Throughout his career, Nazrul wrote short stories, novels, and essays but is best known for his poems. He started new forms such as Bengali ghazals. Nazrul wrote and composed music for his nearly 4,000 songs. The are collectively known as Complete Works of Kazi Nazrul Islam, which are widely popular today. At the age of 43 (in 1942) he began suffering from an unknown disease. He was losing his voice and memory. It is often said, the reason was slow poisoning by British Government. He lived alone for many years. Invited by the Government of Bangladesh, Nazrul and his family moved to Dhaka in 1972. He died four years later.

Ektara

Ektara (literally "one-string", also called iktar, ', yaktaro gopichand) is a one-string instrument. It is most often used in traditional music from Bangladesh, India , Egypt, and Pakistan.
The ektara was a regular string instrument of wandering bards and minstrels from India. It is plucked with one finger. The ektara usually has a stretched single string. An animal skin is over a head made of dried pumpkin/gourd, wood or coconut. The neck is a pole or split bamboo cane. 

Pressing the two halves of the neck together loosens the string. This lowers its pitch. The sound can be changed many ways by slight changes in pressure. 

The various sizes of ektara are soprano, tenor, and bass. The bass ektara, sometimes called a "dotara" often has two strings.

Biryani

Biryani, Biriani, Beryani or Beriani is an South Asian dish that comes in set of rice-based foods made with spices, rice (usually basmati) and meat, fish, eggs or vegetables. The name comes from the Persian word "beryā(n)" which means "fried" or "roasted". 

The cooking method of Biryani came from Iran. It was brought to the Indian subcontinent by Iranian travelers and merchants. In India and Pakistan, the recipe of biryani developed to its current form. Local variants of this dish are popular not only in South Asia but also in Bangladesh, Southeast Asia, Arabia, and within various South Asian communities in Western countries.

The spices and condiments used in biryani may include, but are not limited to, ghee, nutmeg, mace, cumin, pepper, cloves, cardamom, cinnamon, bay leaves, coriander, mint leaves, ginger, onions, and garlic. The premium varieties include saffron. For a non-vegetarian biryani, the main ingredient with the spices is the meat—beef, chicken, goat, lamb, fish or shrimp. The dish may be served with dahi chutney or raita, korma, curry, a sour dish of eggplant (brinjal), boiled egg and salad.

Biryani and pullao are different. In biryani the rice (plain or fried) is cooked separately from the thick sauce (curry of meat or vegetables). The curry and the rice are then brought together and layered. This makes a dish with contrasting flavors of rice, sauce and meat or vegetables. 

Vesak

Vesākha or Vesak is a holy day. It is observed traditionally by Buddhists in Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, India, Nepal and the South East Asian countries of Singapore, Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Burma, and Indonesia. Sometimes it is called "Buddha's Birthday". It is basically Buddha's birthday and actually includes the birth, enlightenment (nirvāna), and passing away (Parinirvāna) of Gautama Buddha.

The exact date of Vesākha varies according to the lunar calendars used in different traditions. In Theravada countries following the Buddhist calendar, it falls on a full moon Uposatha day. This is typically in the 5th or 6th lunar month. Vesākha Day in China is on the eighth of the fourth month in the Chinese lunar calendar. The date varies from year to year in the Western Gregorian calendar. It usually falls in April or May. In leap years Vesākha is celebrated in June.

Pohela Boishakh

Pôhela Boishakh (Bengali New Year) is the first day of the Bengali calendar. It is on 14 April in Bangladesh and 15 April in other places. The holiday is celebrated in Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal. It is also celebrated in Bengali communities in the other Indian states like Assam, Tripura, Jharkhand and Odisha and all over India as well where the Bengali community is. It is the same day as the New Year's Days of many Southern Asian calendars.

In Bangladesh, it is a national holiday .

In Bengali, Pohela means ‘first’. Baisakh is the first month of the Bengali calendar. 

"Boishakhi" fairs are held in many parts of the country. Various agricultural products, traditional handicrafts, toys, cosmetics, as well as various kinds of food and sweets are sold at these fairs. The fairs also provide entertainment, with singers and dancers. They present folk songs. Among other attractions of these fairs are puppet shows and merry-go-rounds.

Magpie-robin

The magpie-robins or shamas are medium-sized birds. They mostly eat insects. Some also eat berries and other fruit. They are in the genera "Copsychus" and "Trichixos". They were used to be in the thrush family Turdidae. They are now treated as part of the Old World flycatcher Muscicapidae.

These are African and Asian garden and forest dwelling species.

Species list:

Juliette Binoche

Juliette Binoche (born 9 March 1964) is a French actress. She was born in Paris. Her maternal grandparents were Poles. She won an Academy Award for her role in the movie "Chocolat". She won a BAFTA Award for her role as Hana in "The English Patient". 

Scientific model

A scientific model is a simplified abstract view of a complex reality. Scientific models are used as a basis for scientific work. They can be used to explain, predict, and test, or to develop computer programs or mathematical equations.

An example of a complex model is the software used for weather forecasts. The program is based on equations for the variables which affect weather. Meteorological data is fed in, and the program produces predictions (graphs and data) of future weather patterns.

A scientific model represents complex objects, events, and physical processes in a logical way.


For instance, models of our universe are part of astrophysics - the biggest things in nature - and physics - the smallest. This is not usually what we mean by nature, however. We mean the models studied in biology, ecology, economics, environmental health and healing. Most models of nature are of things that humans really affect directly, and which affect humans back:

For instance, to dump toxic waste in a river will harm others down the river. But without models of nature we do not know who, and cannot say how much is harmed or harmful.

Models of nature affect human decision-making. They are very important to human health, wellness and economics. They also matter in ethics, since most people wish to reduce harm done by their decisions. They matter in law because harms can be proven to have been done in a court.

A forest is very hard to bring back to life, once it is degraded. Smaller models of bits of nature help to understand how much must be left, so future generations can use nature too.

In many ways humans and nature can be said to be in conflict. Natural capital like soil and large healthy trees, which nature needs to make more of itself, is also useful to humans as natural resources. To know how much can be drawn out of nature, before it dies, is important. This is another reason for a model:

There are three main ways in which models of nature affect human life:




To preserve nature, ecology movement activists now cooperate in a global power network. It includes not just parties in politics but also NGOs like Greenpeace, Earth First or World Wide Fund for Nature.

One model of nature they have agreed on is a map that shows ecoregions, which are the natural borders of ecology maps. According to this map, there are 867 regions divided into 8 ecozones - plus others which are in the ocean.

Most anthropologists agree that aboriginal languages have a small model of local nature in them. For instance, there will be more words to describe snow in an Arctic language, and more words to describe shades of green in a rainforest. This is part of the reason to use ecology borders in politics, since people who do not live inside the border do not see or make the same distinctions about nature.

A very small number of people think that humans do not need nature at all, and can replace everything that it does. To prove them wrong, some economists made another model of nature:

Economists study nature's services to see how hard it would be to replace what nature does for humans. They showed in 1995 that the services nature performed for humans were more valuable than all services humans perform for each other all over the world. The value of Earth as a living thing was much more than we could ever afford to replace with our own technology. There has been no real disagreement about any of this.

Pricing all the value of Earth to humans gives a huge number - which proves the pricing is right, since, we must put a high price on anything we have no way to replace.

Skadi

Skaði (sometimes anglicized as Skadi or Skathi) is the goddess of hunting, the wild, mountains, and skiing in Norse mythology. She was born a jötunn, daughter of the late Thjazi. She is the wife of Njörðr, whom she married as part of the compensation provided to her by the Æsir for killing her father. Her marriage to Njörðr was an unhappy one, however, ultimately ending in their separation, as Skaði then took the god Ullr (the stepson of Thor) for her lover. In addition to being Njörðr’s wife, Skaði is the stepmother of his twin children, Freyr and Freyja. 

The gods were celebrating their slaying of the giant (jötunn) Thjazi and the simultaneous return of the youth-giving goddess Iðunn when Skaði arrived, ready to avenge the death of Thjazi, her father. The gods were patient with the giantess, and convinced Skaði to ultimately accept a form of compensation instead of seeking vengeance. 

First, Odin took Thjazi’s eyes and cast them into the night sky, where they became stars. 

Second, the gods were to make Skaði laugh. After many feats were tried, none succeeded in bringing a smile to the jötunn's face. At last, Loki tied one end of a rope to a goat and the other around his testicles as he began a game of tug of war with the creature. 

Each screeched and howled in turn, until at last Loki fell over into Skaði's lap. The giantess could not help but chuckle. Third, Skaði was to be given a god of her choosing in marriage, but she was to select him by the sight of his feet alone. She picked the fairest pair of feet she could see, thinking them to be those of Baldr. However, as it turned out, they were those of the sea god, Njörðr.

Hawkeye

Hawkeye may mean:


Hawkeye (Marvel Comics)

Hawkeye is the name of two fictional superheroes created by Marvel Comics. The first Hawkeye's real name is Clint Barton and the second Hawkeye's real name is Kate Bishop.

Clint Barton was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Don Heck, the character first appeared as a supervillain in "Tales of Suspense" #57 (September 1964), while Kate Bishop was created by writer Allan Heinberg and artist Jim Cheung, and first appeared in "Young Avengers" #1 (April 2005).

He is a former circus worker and criminal-turned-hero, who received his archery skills as a young boy through training with Swordsman and Trickshot. Barton had eventually joined both the East Coast and West Coast branches of the Avengers, even leading at one time.

None. As Goliath, Barton used gases designed by Hank Pym to grow to great heights, with appropriate increases in strength and toughness. (He could also use them to shrink to minuscule size).

Ronin is a world-class archer and marksman. His above average reflexes and hand-eye-coordination make him the most proficient archer ever known. He is also trained to throw knifes, darts, balls, bolas and boomerangs. He is natural athlete. He is also formidable unarmed combatant, thanks largelymore.

She was a regular civilian, with considerable archery skills, who happened to cross paths with the Young Avengers on a mission, eventually inviting herself onto the team. She became Barton's protégé and they both operates under Hawkeye name simultaneously.
None. Kate is a highly skilled at archery, fencing, swordmanship, jujitsu, gymnastics, boxing, and other forms of combat.

She carries two battle staves similar to those once used by Mockingbird, a sword similar to the Swordsman's, as well as Clint Barton's bow and arrows. Black Panther has also supplied her with trick arrows.

The character has been adapted to different forms of media, including television series, action figures, and video games. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise, Hawkeye is portrayed both by Jeremy Renner and Hailee Steinfeld.

Commercial pilot licence

A commercial pilot license (CPL), is a qualification that permits a person to be a pilot of an aircraft. It allows a person to be the pilot in command (Captain) of a single-pilot aircraft, or as co-pilot of a multi-pilot aircraft and be paid for this work.

Airline Transport Pilot Licence

The Airline Transport Pilot License (ATPL) is the highest level of aviator qualification or license. Those certified as Airline Transport Pilots are authorized to act as pilot-in-command of an aircraft having a maximum weight over or having over 9 passenger seats. 

Any pilot operating an aircraft for money must start by obtaining a Commercial pilot licence (CPL).

Theoretical subjects included for ATPL applicants are:

Fushimi Inari-taisha

It is the head shrine of Inari, the rice god. There are Inari shrines in many parts of Japan. There may be more than 32,000 sub-shrines or .

Fushimi Inari-taisha has been associated with the emperors of Japan since the early Heian period.

From 1871 through 1946, it was in the first rank of government supported shrines.


Technicien supérieur de l'aviation

The degree of Technicien supérieur de l'aviation (TSA, in ) was created in 2010 from the "Technicien supérieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile" degree. It is recognized by CNCP, and recorder level III in the "nomenclature des niveaux de formation" (level of training). The degree is obtained after training at the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university).



Ectopic pregnancy

An ectopic pregnancy is a when an embryo sticks to somewhere outside the uterus. In a normal pregnancy, the embryo sticks itself into the wall of the uterus. The uterus is the only place in the body where an embryo can grow into a fetus.

Most ectopic pregnancies happen in a Fallopian tube (one of the two tubes that connect the ovaries and the uterus). For this reason, ectopic pregnancies are often called tubal pregnancies. Rarely, ectopic pregnancies can happen in an ovary or in the cervix. 

Ectopic pregnancies cannot become normal pregnancies, and will not result in a baby. They can also cause serious health problems for the mother.

Risk factors (things that make a woman more likely to have an ectopic pregnancy) include:

At first, there may be no symptoms. A woman may not even know she is pregnant at this point. Sometimes she might have pain in her pelvis, or bleeding from her vagina.

But once the embryo has grown for about 6 to 8 weeks, it gets large enough to make the Fallopian tube break open. This is a medical emergency, and can kill a woman. Once the Fallopian tube has ruptured, it will start to bleed into the abdomen. Symptoms will include:

A physician can do an exam of the pelvis to test for sensitivity and pain, to figure out if a woman has an ectopic pregnancy. There are also blood tests for the pregnancy hormone hCG. In a normal pregnancy, the hGC levels double every day. Low levels are evidence of a problem, like an ectopic pregnancy. An ultrasound can also be used to see if the embryo is implanted in the uterus or not.

There are two main ways to treat an ectopic pregnancy if it is diagnosed before the Fallopian tube ruptures. The first is with the medicine methotrexate. If it is given early enough, it can cause an abortion and end the pregnancy. The second is with a surgery called a laparoscopy (a surgery done with a laser). The surgeon makes a small cut in the belly and removes the embryo. A laparoscopy is done after the first few weeks of the pregnancy.

Once the Fallopian tube ruptures, emergency surgery is needed to fix the broken Fallopian tube and remove the blood from inside the abdomen. The patient may also needed to be treated for blood loss.

An ectopic pregnancy cannot become a baby. But it can have effects on future pregnancies and fertility. Because in an ectopic pregnancy the embryo usually grows in a Fallopian tube, the Fallopian tube can be damaged. This makes it more likely for another embryo to get stuck there. The likeness of another ectopic pregnancy depends on the amount of damage to the Fallopian tube, and the health of the tubes. However, even after a ectopic pregnancy, it is entirely possible to have a normal pregnancy.

Bangladesh national cricket team

The Bangladesh national cricket team () is the national cricket team for Bangladesh. The rules are set by the Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB). Bangladesh is a full member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) with Test and One Day International (ODI) status. It played its first Test match in 2000 against India in Dhaka. Bangladesh was the tenth Test cricket playing nation.

Bangladesh's first time in international cricket came in the 1979 ICC Trophy in England. They left the tournament with 2 wins and 2 defeats. Seven years later, on 31 March 1986, Bangladesh played in its first ODI match against Pakistan in the 1986 Asia Cup. Bangladesh won the 1997 ICC Trophy in Malaysia. By winning the tournament, Bangladesh qualified for the 1999 Cricket World Cup for the first time. In 1997, Bangladesh became a regular ICC member with the right to play ODIs. It got the status of a Test playing country on 26 June 2000. Bangladesh has the record for most losses in a row in Tests (21 between 1999 and 2002) and ODIs (23 between 2001 and 2004).

As of April 2012, Bangladesh has played 73 Tests, winning only 3. Its first victory was against Zimbabwe. The other two were against a West Indian team crippled by a players' strike. Of the 63 matches it has lost, 35 were by an innings. The team has been more successful in ODIs, having won 72 of its 262 matches. They have also played 18 Twenty20 Internationals, winning four.




2011 Cricket World Cup

The 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup was the tenth Cricket World Cup. It was played in India, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh. It was Bangladesh's first time co-hosting a World Cup.

All matches in the World Cup were given One Day International status. All matches played had over 50 overs. Fourteen national cricket teams were in the tournament, including ten full members and four associate members. The World Cup was between 19 February and 2 April 2011. The first match played on 19 February 2011 was with co-hosts India and Bangladesh at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium in Dhaka.

India won the tournament defeating Sri Lanka by 6 wickets in the final. India was the first nation to win the Cricket World Cup final on home soil. India's Yuvraj Singh was made the man of the tournament.

The following 14 teams qualified for the final tournament.

The Opening Ceremony was in Bangladesh. The place for the opening ceremony was Bangabandhu National Stadium in Dhaka. The event took place on 17 February 2011, 2 days before the first match of the World Cup.

All the Indian stadiums for the 2011 World Cup were set. The venues of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were picked in late October 2009. Two new stadiums in Sri Lanka were built for the 2011 World Cup. They are located in Kandy and Hambantota.

The Umpire selection panel selected 18 umpires and a reserve umpire, Enamul Haque (Bangladesh). There were 5 from Australia, 6 from Asia, 3 from England, 2 from New Zealand and 1 each from South Africa and West Indies.





The 2011 World Cup final was played between India and Sri Lanka making it the first ever World Cup Final featuring two Asian teams. The highlight of the 2011 World Cup Final was Indian Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni's innings that took India over the line making him one of the most respected Captains in cricket history.

Kabaddi

Kabaddi is a team sport from South Asia. 
Two teams are on opposite halves of a small field. They take turns sending a "raider" into the other half. This is to win points by tackling members of the opposing team. Then the raider tries to return to their own half. They hold their breath and chant the word "Kabaddi" during the whole raid. The raider must not cross the lobby unless they touch any of their opponents. If they do not touch anyone then they will be "out". There is also a bonus line. If the raider touches it and returns to their side of the field, they will get extra points. If the raider is not able to get back to their own side, then they are considered "out". RV -4416 

In the international team version of kabaddi, there are two teams of seven members and 4 are in substitution. Each is on opposite halves of a field of 10 m × 13 m in case of men and 8 m × 12 m in case of women. Each has three extra players held in reserve. The game is played with 20-minute halves. There is a five-minute half-time break when the teams change sides.

Teams take turns sending a "raider" to the opposite team's half. The goal is to tag or wrestle ("confine") members of the opposite team. Tagged members are "out" and temporarily sent off the field.

The goal of the defenders is to stop the raider from returning to the home side before taking a breath. If any of the seven players cross the lobby without touching the raider they will be declared "out".

The raider is sent off the field if:

Each time when a player is "out", the opposing team earns a point. A team scores a bonus of two points called a "lona". If the entire opposing team is declared "out". At the end of the game, the team with the most points wins.

Matches are based on age and weight. Six officials supervise a match: one referee, two umpires, a scorer and two assistant scorers.

the modernised version of the game was founded in Maharashtra. Kabaddi received International exposure in the 1937 Olympics, demonstrated by India. The game was introduced in the Indian Games in Calcutta 1938. Kabaddi was popularized by Sundar Ram of India in Japan, when he toured on behalf of the Asian Amateur Kabaddi Federation.

The was first played in 2004. It was played again in 2007, 2010 and 2016. So far India is the unbeaten champion in Kabaddi World Cup. Iran is the next most successful nation being runner-up twice. South Korea was the runner-up in 2010.

The Women's Kabaddi World Cup was first played in 2012 in Patna, Bihar, India. India won the championship defeating Iran in the finals gold.

List of Major League Baseball stadiums

The following is a list of current, future, and (some) former Major League Baseball stadiums.




The Sopranos

The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series. It ran from 1999 until 2007. The programe is based on the life of Italian American organized crime. The main character, Tony Soprano, is a New Jersey-based waste consultant who also is a member of American Mafia. Soprano is trying to battle the problems of his home life and his work life. In the first episode we meet the Soprano family, who seem to have an average American life. When Tony talks to his counsellor, we learn about his secret criminal based life.

The program and its actors won many awards. It was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series in every year it was able to. "The Sopranos" won at least one Emmy Award for acting in every eligible year except 2006 and 2007. In 2000 and 2001, "The Sopranos" earned two consecutive George Foster Peabody Awards.

Carrom

Carrom is a indoor tabletop game. It is between billiards and table shuffleboard. Carrom is known by many names around the world, including carrum, couronne, carum, karam, karom, karum, fatta (Punjabi) and finger billiards. The game was started in India. Formal rules for the game were not written until 1988. 

The game is played in many countries across the world. It is played for fun and as a competitive sport. The competitive sport is organised by the International Carrom Federation. Carrom uses simple equipment that lets many people play. There is a version of the game that uses cue sticks (which is also known as pool).

There are two players or two teams. The time it takes to play a game changes with each game. It is a brain game. There are two pink colour billiards, nine black colour billiards, and nine brown colour billiards. There are many carrom board manufacturers namely, Synco, Presice, Siscaa, etc. These are the leading carrom brands in India. 

European Network for Accreditation of Engineering Education

The European Network for Accreditation of Engineering Education authorises quality assurance and education accreditation agencies within the European higher education area, to award the EUR-ACE label to their accredited engineering degree programmes.


Angling

Angling is a way of fishing by means of an "angle" (fish hook). The hook is usually attached to a fishing line. The line is often attached to a fishing rod. Fishing rods are usually fitted with a fishing reel. The reel is used for storing, getting back and paying out the line. The hook itself can have lures or bait added to attract fish. 

Angling is the main method of sport fishing. Some commercial fisheries also use angling. Catch and release fishing is done by more and more recreational fishermen. 

Bridgetown

The city of Bridgetown is the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados. It was called the "Town of Saint Michael". It is in the parish of Saint Michael. Bridgetown is sometimes locally called "The City", but more common is simply "Town".

The "Bridgetown" port, found along Carlisle Bay, is on the southwestern coast of the island. The Grantley Adams International Airport for Barbados, is southeast of Bridgetown city centre.

The present day location of the city was set by English settlers in 1628. This was after settlement at St. James Town. Bridgetown is a major West Indies tourist destination. On 25 June 2011, "Historic Bridgetown and its Garrison" were added as a World Heritage Site of UNESCO.

Bridgetown is the only city outside continental North America that George Washington visited.

English settlement of Bridgetown began on 5 July 1628 under Charles Wolverstone.

Hurricane belt

The hurricane belt is an area in the Atlantic Ocean which is likely to get hurricanes during the Atlantic hurricane season.

Grantley Adams International Airport

Grantley Adams International Airport (GAIA), is in Seawell, Christ Church on the island of Barbados. The former name of the airport was Seawell Airport. Then it was named in honour of the first Premier of Barbados, Sir Grantley Herbert Adams in 1976. GAIA is the only port of entry for persons arriving and leaving by air in Barbados.

In 2011, the Grantley Adams Airport was the 9th busiest airport in the Caribbean region.

Flag of Barbados

The national flag of Barbados was started on 30 November 1966. That was the island's first Independence Day. It has a triband of two bands of ultramarine. These are said to stand for the ocean. The middle band is golden. This is for the sand on the island. A black trident-head is centred in the golden band. The broken lower part is a symbolic break from its status as a colony. The three points of the trident are for the three principles of democracy - 1) government of, 2) for, and 3) by the people. 

The design for the flag was made by Grantley W. Prescod. There was an open competition put on by the Barbados government. Over a thousand entries were received.

NME Awards

The NME Awards is a yearly music awards show in the United Kingdom. It was started by the music magazine, "NME" ("New Musical Express"). The first awards show was held in 1953. 

At first it was called the NME Poll Winners Concerts. These continued through until 1972. The Beatles and The Rolling Stones were most commonly featured. 

The awards began again in 1994 as the NME Brat Awards. This was a pun on the BRIT Awards. 

Note: This list only includes winners of major awards (e.g. Best Album, Best British Band, Best Track, etc.)


Overexposed (album)

Overexposed is the fourth studio album by American pop rock band Maroon 5. The album was released on June 26, 2012 under A&M/Octone Records in the United States. The album was announced on March 26, 2012 on the group's newsletter. The album's producers consist of One Republic frontman Ryan Tedder, Benjamin "Benny Blanco" Levin, Max Martin, and Shellback. The lead single off the album "Payphone" was released on April 16, 2012. It features rapper Wiz Khalifa. The song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and number-one on the Digital Songs chart. It sold 490,000+ digital downloads within its first week beating out the previous toppers Black Eyed Peas with their hit single "I Gotta Feeling."

On May 18, 2012 the band performed the song "One More Night" in Atlantic City publicly for the first time. It was announced on May 22nd that it would serve as the album's second single before the time of the album's release on June 26, 2012. And the third and fourth singles of the album were "Daylight" and "Love Somebody".

The Maroon 5' members started writing the songs for "Overexposed" during their "Hands All Over Tour." 



Coat of arms of Barbados

The coat of arms of Barbados was started on independence in 1966. Like other former British lands in the Caribbean, the coat of arms has a helmet with a national symbol on top. It has a shield beneath that is supported by two animals.

The national symbol on top of the helmet is the fist of a Barbadian. It is holding two stalks of sugar cane that are crossed to resemble St. Andrew's Cross. This is for the importance of the sugar. Barbados has its national independence day on St. Andrew's Day.

The shield is gold in colour. On it are two of the national flower, and a single bearded fig tree. The shield is supported by a dolphin fish and pelican. They are for the fishing industry and Pelican Island.

At the bottom is Barbados' national motto ""Pride and Industry"" on a scroll.

In Plenty and In Time of Need

In Plenty and In Time of Need is the national anthem of the country of Barbados. It was written by Irving Burgie. The music was written by C. Van Roland Edwards. As one part of the West Indies Federation Barbados' anthem was supposed to be Forged from the Love of Liberty. The current anthem was made with Barbados' moves toward independence. This song was then taken by Barbados when it became independent in 1966.

James–Lange theory

The James-Lange Theory is a hypothesis about emotions. It is one of the earliest theories of emotion. The theory is that emotions come from the physiological response to what is happening around us.

It was developed independently by two 19th-century scholars, William James and Carl Lange. The basic idea of the theory is that physiological arousal triggers the experience of a specific emotion. The theory is that the physiological change is primary, and emotion is caused by the information from the body's nervous system.

The theory has been criticised and modified over the course of time. There are several competing theories. 

Nurse Jackie

Nurse Jackie is an American comedy-drama television series. It began on June 8, 2009. It is on Showtime, Movie Central and The Movie Network. It stars Edie Falco as an emergency room nurse at a hospital in New York City.


Christ Church, Barbados

Christ Church is a parish of Barbados. It has a land area of . It is found at the southern end of the island.

The parish has the Sir Grantley Adams International Airport. It also has the last remaining mangrove swamp in the country, the Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary. Another notable area of Christ Church is Saint Lawrence Gap. It is the most lively tourist area on the island. Many of the taverns and clubs in St. Lawrence are used by locals and tourists alike.


Saint Andrew, Barbados

Saint Andrew ("St. Andrew") is one of eleven parishes of Barbados. It is in the northern area in the country. Saint Andrew has the country's highest natural elevation, the Mount Hillaby at the southern part of the parish.

The parish is named after the patron saint, Saint Andrew. He is also the basis of the name for Barbados' highest national award "The Order of Saint Andrew".

During the colonial years under Britain, the British thought the area looked like the hills and fields of Scotland. Now is nicknamed the "Scotland District".

Saint Andrew is on the eastern coastline of Barbados. There the Atlantic Ocean tends to be more turbulent. The parish is home to several natural reserves including the Turner's Hall Woods.

Gestational diabetes

Gestational diabetes (or gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) is a condition in which females who previously were not having diabetes exhibit higher than normal levels of blood sugar while pregnant. The illness usually shows few signs/symptoms. It is usually found during pregnancy medical checks. Up to 16% of pregnant women are affected by GDM. Pregnant women with family history of having diabetes and ethnic background have higher chances of getting the disease. 

Gestational diabetes is caused when a pregnant woman's body does not produce enough insulin, leading to higher than normal blood sugar levels. Some women with GDM are treated with drugs. However, healthy eating and regular exercise can help to lower the chances of getting GDM. 

It is still unclear what causes gestational diabetes. It may be due to the action of pregnancy hormones, blocking the action of insulin to its receptors. This prevents cells to take in glucose properly. This causes sugar to remain in blood, where it continues to rise. 

Babies born to mothers with gestational diabetes can have many problems, such as, being too large (which may make childbirth difficult), lower than normal blood glucose, or being born too early. More serious problems include brain problems or dead before birth. In addition, women with gestational diabetes have higher risk of getting Type 2 diabetes (or, in fewer cases, Type 1 diabetes) after pregnancy. 

In most cases, children belonging to mothers having gestational diabetes are at higher risk of childhood obesity and Type 2 diabetes later in life. This can be stopped through healthy eating and regular exercise. 

Common risk factors for developing gestational diabetes are: 

A basic test is carried out during the first . The doctor or nurse will ask certain questions to check if the mother is at high risk of getting gestational diabetes. 

Woman found with higher chance of getting GDM will be offered a blood glucose test. This allows the doctor to check the correct sugar levels in the mother's blood. 

Light exercise and stop smoking during pregnancy can greatly help pregnant women to avoid getting GDM. 

Zhou Enlai

Zhou Enlai (; 5 March 1898 – 8 January 1976) was the first Premier of the People's Republic of China. He served from October 1949 until his death in January 1976. Zhou served under Mao Zedong and was an important leader in the Communist Party of China.

A skilled and able diplomat, Zhou served as the Chinese foreign minister from 1949 to 1958. He believed in getting along with Western countries after the Korean War. He participated in the 1954 Geneva Conference and helped organize Richard Nixon's 1972 visit to China. He helped make policies regarding the disagreements with the U.S., Taiwan, the Soviet Union (after 1960), India and Vietnam. Zhou is best known as the long-time top aide to Mao Zedong. His specialty was foreign policy. Mao and Zhou's different personalities made them an effective team, according to Henry Kissinger, the American diplomat who dealt with both men.

Jean-Marc Ayrault

Jean-Marc Ayrault (born 25 January 1950) is a French politician. He was the Prime Minister of France from 15 May 2012 to 31 March 2014. He was the Mayor of Nantes from 1989 to 2012. He was appointed prime minister by François Hollande following the defeat of the UMP president and the resignation of that government.

Slade in Flame

Slade in Flame is a 1975 movie directed by Richard Loncraine. The story follows a band's rise to fame and their decline, showing the dark side of the music business.

The band released a soundtrack in late 1974 under the same name.

Ingénieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile

The IEEAC is the corps of the Ingénieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile (Civil Aviation Operations Engineer). It is the sixth corps of the French civil aviation authorities in terms of numbers with 777 IEEAC out of 13,076 agents the 1st of July 2011.

The third-year training of IEEAC is performed at the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) of Toulouse.

They work for French civil aviation authorities.


Joseph Monier

Joseph Monier (November 8, 1823, Saint-Quentin-la-Poterie, France—March 13, 1906, Paris) was a French gardener. He was one of the inventors of reinforced concrete.

Monier did experiments with iron-wire reinforcement for his cement and concrete tubs and basins. He made the idea in 1867 and put his invention on exhibition the same year at the Paris Exposition.

At the age of 17 (1840) he was hired by the Duke of Uzès to work in the gardens of the Duke's mansion in Paris. In 1846 he took a job at the famous Tuileries Gardes of Paris where he was responsible for the orangery. Here he began his work with concrete that would result in the invention of reinforced cement.

Gary Johnson

Gary Earl Johnson (born January 1, 1953) is an American politician and businessman. He served as the 29th Governor of New Mexico from 1995 to 2003. Johnson was the Libertarian Party nominee for the 2012 US presidential election. He is well known for his low-tax libertarian views. On December 28, 2011 Johnson, withdrew his Republican campaign for president and joined the Libertarian Party as its candidate.

On January 6, 2016, Johnson announced that he is running for President again for the Libertarian party. He won the nomination on May 29, 2016, however lost the election to Donald Trump. In the election, Johnson won more votes than any other Libertarian candidate in history with 4.5 million votes.

In August 2018, Johnson became the Libertarian nominee for U.S. Senate of New Mexico in the 2018 election. He lost the election to incumbent Democrat Martin Heinrich.

Johnson was born in Minot, North Dakota. His father was Earl Johnson and his mother was Lorraine Bostow. He is of Danish, Norwegian and Ukrainian descent. He was raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He studied at the University of New Mexico, Albuquerque.

Johnson entered politics for the first time by running for Governor of New Mexico in 1994 on a fiscally conservative, low-tax and anti-crime plan. He won the election beating the current governor Bruce King.

During his time as governor, Johnson became known for his low-tax libertarian views, following the policies of tax and bureaucracy reduction supported by a cost–benefit analysis rationale. He cut the 10% annual growth in the budget: in part, due to his use of the gubernatorial veto 200 times during his first six months in office. Johnson set state and national records for his use of veto and line-item veto powers, estimated to have been more than the other 49 contemporary governors combined, which gained him the nicknames "Veto Johnson" and "Governor Veto".

Johnson successfully sought re-election in 1998. In his second term, he concentrated on the issue of school voucher reforms, as well as campaigning for marijuana decriminalization and legalization, and opposition to the War on Drugs. Term limited, Johnson could not run for re-election at the end of his second term. He left office in 2003.

In April 2011, Johnson announced that he was running for President of the United States. He ran as a Republican. After poor polling numbers in Republican polls and not qualified to attend the debates, Johnson switched his political views and ran as a Libertarian. He beat Libertarian candidate R. Lee Wrights for the nomination at the convention. California Judge James P. Gray was his running mate.

In the 2012 United States presidential election, Johnson received 0.99% of the popular vote, a total of 1,275,971 votes. This was the best result in the Libertarian Party's history by raw vote number, though under the 1.1 percentage of the vote won by Ed Clark in 1980.

In an April 2014 Reddit "Ask Me Anything" session, Johnson stated that he hopes to run for president again in 2016. On whether he would run as a Libertarian or a Republican, he stated that "I would love running as a Libertarian because I would have the least amount of explaining to do."

In November 2014, Johnson said he wanted to run for the 2016 Libertarian nomination. Johnson resigned from his post as CEO of Cannabis Sativa, Inc. in January 2016 to pursue political opportunities, hinting to a 2016 presidential run.

On January 6, 2016, Johnson announced that we will run for president for the Libertarian Party nomination.

A poll done by Monmouth University to show who people wanted to win the election showed that Johnson was at 11%.

Johnson won the party's nomination on May 29, 2016 at the Libertarian Convention in Orlando, Florida.

In the election, Johnson received nearly 4.5 million votes (3.27% of the total vote), which is the most for a third party presidential candidate since 1996 and the highest national vote share for a Libertarian candidate in history.

In late July of 2018, Johnson was thinking about running in the 2018 U.S. Senate race in New Mexico after Land Commissioner Aubrey Dunn Jr., was dropping out of the race. Dunn then formally withdrew from the race on July 30.

On August 4, Johnson was formally nominated by the Libertarian Party of New Mexico as Dunn's replacement.

Johnson formally launched his candidacy by accepting his party's nomination on August 14. However, Johnson lost the general election in a landslide to Democratic incumbent Martin Heinrich.

Johnson was married to Dee Simms from 1997 until her death from heart disease in 2005. As of 2012, he has been engaged with Kate Prusack. They were together since 2009. Johnson has a daughter and a son.


Menarche

Menarche is the first menstrual cycle for female human beings. It is the central event of female puberty, as it signals the possibility of fertility. Girls experience menarche at different ages. The timing for menarche is influenced by female biology, in addition to genetic and environmental issues, particularly nutritional factors. The average age of menarche for the United States is near 12.5 years and 12.75 years for Canada.

Viper

Vipers are a family of venomous snakes, the Viperidae. All have long, hinged fangs that dig deep into their prey and inject venom. The venom causes internal bleeding. There are four subfamilies of the Viperidae.

All vipers have a pair of long hollow fangs which are used to inject venom from glands found in the back of the upper jaws. The venom is a kind of protease, a destroyer of protein.

Almost all vipers have ridged scales, a well built body with a short tail and, to make room for the venom glands, a triangular-shaped head. Their slit-shaped pupils can open wide to open most of the eye, or close almost completely. This helps them to see in a wide range of light levels. Vipers are nocturnal, meaning that they sleep in the day and wake up at night to go hunting.

Like other snakes, vipers are predators, meaning that they eat other animals. Their main diet is birds (including bird eggs), amphibians, such as frogs and toads, and other small reptiles like lizards and smaller snakes.

Most viper species are ovoviviparous, giving birth to live young, but a few lay eggs. The word "viper" is derived from Latin "vivo" = "I live" and "pario" = "I give birth".

Viper snakes are found in Americas, Africa, Eurasia. In the Americas they live from southern Canada, through the United States, Mexico, Central America, and into South America. The only type of viper which lives in the United Kingdom are the adders.

Type genus = "Vipera"—Laurenti, 1768

Abdelbaset al-Megrahi

Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi (1 April 1952 – 20 May 2012) was a Libyan man who was convicted for the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland. Megrahi was the head of security for Libyan Arab Airlines, Libya's national airline, and was accused of being a spy. He was born in Tripoli.

Megrahi was the only person convicted in connection with bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, which happened on 21 December 1988. He was held under armed guard in Libya from 1991 until 1999, when he was moved to the Netherlands. His trial began in May 2000 in a special court in the Netherlands. On 31 January 2001, he was convicted of 270 counts of murder. He was sentenced to life imprisonment.

He was held in Scottish prisons until he was released on compassionate grounds on 20 August 2009 because he had terminal prostate cancer. He returned to Tripoli that day and died of the disease there.

Tony Hancock

Anthony John Hancock (12 May 1924 – 24 June 1968) was a British comedian and actor. He worked on radio, on television and in movies. He was best known for appearing in the BBC radio comedy "Hancock's Half Hour" (1954–1961). He worked with comedian Sid James until 1960.

Hancock was born in Hall Green, Birmingham. He grew up in Bournemouth, Hampshire and was educated in Swanage, Dorset and Reading, Berkshire. 

Hancock was a depressed alcoholic. In 1968, he died by suicide with an overdose of amphetamines and vodka in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

Tawang

Tawang district is one of the 16 Districts of Arunachal Pradesh in the North-east India. The area is historically Tibetan territory and is claimed by China as a part of South Tibet. It is the eighth least populous district in the country (out of 640).

Clara Petacci

Clara Petacci (28 February 1912 – 28 April 1945) was the last mistress of Benito Mussolini, who was 28 years older. She was born in Rome. 

Mussolini tried to escape to Switzerland, with some of his helpers. After being captured Petacci was given an opportunity to flee, which she declined. She was shot, with the other prisoners.The bodies were then hung head down in Milan.

Filippo Raciti

Filippo Raciti (17 January 1967–2 February 2007) was an Italian police officer who was killed in a fight between Calcio Catania fans outside a stadium in Catania. Raciti's death was in the news around the world. All of the Italian football matches, even the national team, were suspended for a week.

Natural law

Natural law is the idea that there are forms of law that exist by themselves in nature, regardless of whether people exist or recognise them or not. Unlike other forms of law (called "positive laws") that have been agreed on by society, such laws would be given to all, and would not be possible to go against. Such rights are called natural. In modern times, human rights are often seen as coming from natural law, but the idea goes back to Ancient Greece.

Natural law is often founded on the following:

Important philosophers who developed natural law include Aristotle, Plato, Seneca the Younger, Thomas Aquinas, and Immanuel Kant. People who criticized this approach include Jeremy Bentham and Hans Kelsen.


Robert Zemeckis

Robert Lee Zemeckis (born May 14, 1952) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Chicago and raised in the community area of Roseland, Chicago.

Zemeckis directed "Romancing the Stone", "Back to the Future", "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", "Back to the Future Part II", "Back to the Future Part III", "Death Becomes Her", "Forrest Gump", "Contact", "What Lies Beneath", "Cast Away", "The Polar Express", and "A Christmas Carol".

Offensive guard

In American and Canadian football, a guard (G) is a player that lines up between the center and the tackles on the offensive line of a football team.

The guard's job is to protect the quarterback from the incoming defensive line and linebackers during pass plays, as well as creating openings (holes) for the running backs to run through. 

Center (American football)

Center (C) is a position in American football and Canadian football. The center is the innermost lineman of the offensive line on a football team's offense. The center is also the player who passes (or "snaps") the ball between his legs to the quarterback at the start of each play.

Besides that centers protect the quarterback and block for the running back during a play.

Joseph Epstein

Joseph Epstein (born January 9, 1937 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American academic, writer and editor. He is best known as an editor of "The American Scholar" from 1975 to 1997. He was given the National Humanities Medal in 2003. 

In an summary based on writings by and about Joseph Epstein, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 60+ works in 135 publications in 6 languages and 21,000+ library holdings.


Ross Lynch

Ross Shor Lynch (born on December 29, 1995) is an actor, singer, instrumentalist and dancer U.S. of Littleton, Colorado. He is most recognised for playing Austin Moon in the musical comedy of Disney Channel, "Austin & Ally". He is a the key vocalist in his family band, R5 , which includes his two older brothers Rocky, Riker and only sister Rydel. His brother, Riker Lynch, has a minor recurring character in the hit series "Glee".

Ross Lynch was born and raised in Littleton, Colorado and is the fourth son of Mark and Stormie Lynch. He, with his brothers and sister, are members of the hit band R5. He was educated at home from the fourth grade and only attended a music/singing class in which they found their fifth and final member of the band, Ellington Ratliff. After his oldest brother had taken a liking to the bass guitar, He decided to also practice and thus the band had formed. He grew up imitating the songs of the movie "Grease" and former band 'N Sync with his brothers. The Teen heart-throb is one of five children, with three brothers and a sister (Riker, Ryland, Rocky, Rydel). In 2007, he moved with his family to California to pursue his career, which is where he gained his Disney career and later met his girlfriend, Courtney Eaton, an Australian model and actress.

Ross Lynch has appeared in over 20 national commercials and several national campaigns and print advertising. R5 has also been featured in a series of music videos such as" Hannah Montana" on Disney Channel ,"Kidz Bop" and" Kung Fu Panda". Ross can play piano, drums, guitar and the violin. In his Disney days he danced for The Rage Boyz Crew
, a group founded by a dance company in the Southern California. He has appeared in" So You Think You Can Dance" and has had guest appearances on the series "Moises Rules!", And can even be see in the movie" Grapple! " Anton Troy.

Ross Lynch starred in the Disney Channel Original Series, "Austin & Ally", in which he played a confident and charismatic singer Austin Moon, half of a musical duo that became a teen sensation (and heart-throb) on the Internet.

Ross plays rhythm guitar in his family band R5 and has written Many original songs with his brothers, sister and family friend. 


Flo Rida

Tramar Lacel Dillard (born September 16, 1979) better known by his stage name Flo Rida is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. Some of his hit singles are "Low", "Club Can't Handle Me", "Good Feeling", "Wild Ones", and "Whistle". 

He is known for pairing up with Taio Cruz, David Guetta, Sia, and T-Pain. He also made famous songs with Alexandra Burke and Olly Murs. In 2021, he represented San Marino in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 alongside Senhit.

Dillard is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Barack Obama's re-election.

Bram Cohen

Bram Cohen (born October 12, 1975) is an American computer programmer. He made the first torrent client, called BitTorrent.

Icy Tower

Icy Tower is a freeware computer game. It involves a small avatar (or character) with a winter hat, jumping across platforms in an icy tower. The goal of the game is to climb as high as you can up the tower.

The game was released in 2001. It was pretty successful and is known for its fast game pace and funny sounds.

Technicien supérieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile

In France, the corps of Technicien supérieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile (TSEEAC, Civil aviation opérations Technicians) of the French civil aviation authorities is a B-class job on the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development, Transport and Housing.

Also called "TSA fonctionnaires" (TSA civil servants), perform a two-year training at the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university).

TSEEAC can do many jobs at the French civil aviation authorities (DGAC) : technical assistant, aerodrome air traffic controller, ramp manager (at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport), aeronautical information operator, officer of the regional offices of information and assistance in flight, investigation assistant, ...

The corps of TSEEAC has several name changes since the 1960s :



Babak (given name)

Babak () is an Iranian name coming from the Middle Persian Pāpak. Babak means "father" in Persian.


On the Buses

On the Buses is a British sitcom set in fictional Luxton in Essex. It ran from 28 February 1969 until 6 May 1973.

The show stars Reg Varney as bus driver Stan Butler, Bob Grant as his conductor and best friend Jack Harper and Stephen Lewis as their inspector Blakey. Anna Karen plays Stan's sister Olive Rudge and Michael Robbins plays her husband Arthur Rudge. The role of Stan's widowed mother Mabel Butler was played by Cicely Courtneidge in series 1 and by Doris Hare in the other series. 

Hyperactivity

Hyperactivity (word derived from "hyper" and "to act") can be described as a physical state. 

People who have it can not control their overactive behavior and are abnormally active.

Amy Heckerling

Amy Heckerling (born May 7, 1954) is an American movie director. Her movies include: "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", "Johnny Dangerously", "National Lampoon's European Vacation", "Look Who's Talking", "Look Who's Talking Too", "Look Who's Talking Now", "Clueless", "A Night at the Roxbury" and "Loser". 

Heckerling was born in The Bronx and spent her childhood there, before moving to Queens. 

Mercenary (band)

Mercenary is a heavy metal band from Aalborg, Denmark. 









Accept (band)

Accept is a heavy metal band from Solingen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It was formed in 1968 by Udo Dirkschneider. The band played an important role in the development of speed metal.





Autumn (band)

Autumn is a Dutch gothic metal band formed in 1995.

Jennifer Stone

Jennifer Lindsay Stone (born February 12, 1993) is an American actress. She is known for playing Harper Finkle on the television series "Wizards of Waverly Place" and Harriet Welsh in the movie "".


Jennette McCurdy

Jennette Michelle Faye McCurdy (June 26, 1992) is an American writer, director, podcaster, singer, and former actress. She played Sam Puckett on the Nickelodeon TV series "iCarly" She reprised the character in the iCarly spin-off series "Sam & Cat" She also appeared in other TV series including "True Jackson, VP", "Malcolm in the Middle" and "Lincoln Heights". McCurdy grew up in Garden Grove, California.

McCurdy was born on June 26, 1992. She was born in Long Beach, California, and grew up in Garden Grove with her parents and three older brothers.

McCurdy began acting at 8 years old. She made guest appearances on "Zoey 101." From 2007 to 2012, she played Sam Puckett in the TV series "iCarly and the" 2013 spin-off series "Sam & Cat." 
She also made guest appearances on Malcom in The Middle.



Washington Senators

Since 1900, there have been two Major League Baseball teams in Washington, D.C. called the Washington Senators

The first Senators team played in Washington from 1901-1960, and moved to become the Minnesota Twins.

The second Senators team played in Washington from 1961-1971, and moved to become the Texas Rangers.

The current team is called the Washington Nationals.

Adder

The adder, "Vipera berus" is a venomous viper that can be found throughout most of Western Europe and all the way to East Asia. It is the only venomous snake in the British Isles.

They are not highly dangerous: the snake is not aggressive and usually only bites when alarmed or disturbed. Bites can be very painful, but they are rarely fatal. The snake is not threatened, though it is protected in some countries.

Adults grow to about 60 centimeters (24 in) in length. The largest, at around 90–104 (35–41 in), are found in Scandinavia. In France and Great Britain, the maximum size is 80–87 centimeters (31–34 in), weighing from 50 grams (1.8 oz) to about 180 grams (6.3 oz).

Unusually for snakes, the sexes can be seen by their colour. Females are usually brownish with dark-brown markings, the males are pure grey with black markings.

The species has two morphs. The common pattern is the one with dark stripe with crossbars along the back, on a lighter body. The melanistic morph is very dark all over. The dark morph is more common in females. Polymorphism is usually maintained by natural selection.

The adder has a wide range. It lives in across Eurasian.In several European countries it is the only native venomous snake.

The adder's diet is mainly small mammals such as mice, voles, shrews and even weasels and moles. Sometimes, they eat slow worms and lizards. They feed on amphibia, such as frogs, newts, and salamanders. There have been reports of adders eating birds, especially nestlings and eggs. Adders are ovoviviparous. Once they reach about 30 cm (1 ft) in length, their diet becomes adult.

They are protected by law in the U.K., (Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981), and by the Berne Convention (the Berne Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats). It is a crime to harm them.

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (movie)

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a 2005 fantasy movie directed by Mike Newell. It is based on J. K. Rowling's 2000 novel of the same name. It is the sequel to "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (2004) and the fourth movie in the "Harry Potter" movie series. 

It stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione Granger.

The movie is the first of the series to receive a PG-13. It was the highest-grossing movie of 2005 and the sixth-highest-grossing movie in the "Harry Potter" series.

The movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction, and won the BAFTA Award for Best Production Design. 

Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger and the rest of Ron's family attend a Quidditch game. The game is attacked by a group of terrorist wizards named Death Eaters. The Death Eaters were the followers of Lord Voldemort before he died.

At Hogwarts school, Professor Dumbledore announces that the school will host the Triwizard Tournament, a game where three magical schools compete in several challenges. The contestant from each school is chosen by the Goblet of Fire. From the Bulgarian magic school, Viktor Krum is chosen. From the French magic school, Fleur Delacour is selected. However, everyone is shocked when the Goblet of Fire selects two contestants for Hogwarts: Cedric Diggory and Harry.

For the first task, the contestants must each retrieve a golden egg from a dragon. For the second task, the contestants must each rescue somebody from the Black Lake, where they are attacked by evil mermaids. In both tasks, Harry is given help by a new teacher named Professor Moody. After the task, Harry finds the dead body of Barty Crouch, an official of the Ministry of Magic (magical government). Harry and Dumbledore look into the past and find out that Barty Crouch's son (Barty Crouch Junior) is a Death Eater.

For the third task, the contestants must find the trophy, which has been hidden by Professor Moody inside a maze. Both Harry and Cedric find the trophy, but it teleports them to a graveyard. In the graveyard, Voldemort is revived by his loyal servant, Peter Pettigrew. Voldemort also kills Cedric Diggory. Voldemort tries to kill Harry but the ghosts of people that Voldemort has killed arrive to distract him so that Harry can teleport back to Hogwarts.

"Professor Moody" drags Harry into his office. It is revealed that the real Professor Moody has been locked up and is being impersonated by Barty Crouch Junior. Dumbledore announces the death of Cedric and the return of Voldemort but the Ministry of Magic denies that Voldemort has returned.


Tapaculo

The tapaculos (pronounced "ta-pa-COO-lo") are a group of small passeriform birds. They have many species, and are found mostly in South America, especially in the Andean regions. Three species, the Choco, the Pale-throated and the Silvery-fronted Tapaculo, are found in southern Central America. Tapaculos nest in many places, from ground burrows to tree holes. Some make a ball nest in a bush.

Gnateater

The gnateaters are a bird family, Conopophagidae. They are made of ten small passerine species in two genera. They live in South and Central America. They are very closely related to the antbirds and less closely to the antpittas and tapaculos. Gnateaters are not studied or known as much because of their remote habitat. However, they are often watched by birdwatchers. Gnateaters feed on insects. They catch them in the understory of South American forests.

Ovenbird

The Ovenbird ("Seiurus aurocapilla") is a small songbird of the order Passeriformes. Its family is Parulidae. The ovenbird was named after its domed nest with a side entrance, which looks like an oven. This migratory bird is found in eastern North America and winters in Central America, many Caribbean Islands, Florida, and northern Venezuela. The ovenbird walks, unlike most other members of its family, which hop.

Wang Ja-ji

Wang Ja-ji (, 1066 – May 1122) was a Korean politician, general, musician, and ambassador during the Goryeo dynasty. His posthumous name is Jangsun (), Chinese style name was Wonjang (), first name was Sojung ().



Hemopneumothorax

Hemopneumothorax is a medical problem where the lung is damaged and the chest fills up with air and blood. It is treated by opening the chest and putting in a chest drain. This can only be done by paramedics or doctors. A hemopneumothorax often happens after high speed crashes and penetrating chest wounds.

Advanced Technician in Aviation non civil servant

In France, the training of the Technicien supérieur de l'aviation (civilian) (TSA civilian, in English Advanced Technician in Aviation non civil servant) is performed by the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university). The TSA civilians can have different jobs in airports, airlines or manufacturers.




State Duma

The State Duma () is the Lower House of the Parliament. It is a part of the legislative branch of the government of Russia. The State Duma was first introduced in 1906. It was Russia's first elected parliament. In 1922, it was replaced with the Soviet Parliament. It was re-established in 1993. 

It makes laws, elects the prime minister and supervises the work of the government. It also has the power to remove the President from office. It can also call new elections. The Duma has de jure authority to make and change any laws without being overturned.

It can pass any law by a simple majority. There are 450 members in the Duma.

Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park

The Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park is part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. It is a large park with lakes, temperate rainforests and alpine heathland. Cradle Mountain is a jagged dolerite mountain peak. There are sites around the park where the Australian Aborigines lived 10,000 years ago during the last ice age. Tasmania's tallest mountain, Mt. Ossa, above sea level, is in the park.

An area of was protected in May 1922 as a scenic reserve, becoming a National Park in 1972. The National Park now covers an area of . There is a walking track, called the Overland Track, between Cradle Mountain and Lake St Clair.

Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:
Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:

Whatcheeria

Whatcheeria is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the early Mississippian of Iowa. Fossils have been found in an old limestone quarry in the town of Delta. They date to 340 million year ago (mya). The type species "W. deltae" was named in 1995. It is classified with the closely related "Pederpes" in the family Whatcheeriidae.

"Whatcheeria" possesses a mixture of basal and derived (advanced) traits. Like other stem tetrapods it has a series of lateral lines across the skull, and rows of teeth on the palate These are basal traits derived from its lobe-finned fish ancestors.

It has a cleithrum, a bone in the pectoral girdle that extends from the scapula. The cleithrum once attached to the skull in lobe-finned fish, the ancestors of tetrapods, but detached to allow the neck to move freely.

"Whatcheeria" grew to about long. The skull is deep (this is an advanced trait) and the snout is pointed. A hole on the top of the skull behind the eyes called the parietal foramen is relatively large in "Whatcheeria". The bones on the skull surface are unusually smooth, unlike the pitted skulls of many other early tetrapods.

With modern cladistic taxonomy, Whatcheeriidae is not placed in Amphibia or any other class but simply as its own family within Tetrapoda. Its relationships with other tetrapods are left unclear.

IAS

IAS may stand for:










CFS

CFS is an acronym for:


CFS may also refer to:

CNCP

CNCP may refer to:


TAE

TAE may refer to:



Badge (disambiguation)

A badge is a device or patch which is displayed to indicate a special accomplishment or as a symbol of authority.

Badge may refer to:

The acronym BADGE refers to:


Monarchy of Barbados

Barbados was a Commonwealth realm. Queen Elizabeth II was the reigning monarch since 6 February 1952. She was Barbado's head of state but was substituted by the office of the President when Barbados became a republic.

Many of the jobs of the government were done by the Governor-General. It was abolished on 30 November 2021.

List of governors-general of Barbados

The Governor-General of Barbados was a vice-regal representative of the Queen of Barbados. The Governor-General acted as the nation's Head of State. This is because the Queen cannot live in all her realms at once. The office was abolished along with the monarch on 30 November 2021 and replaced with the presidency.

On 30 November 1966, Barbados became independent from Britain.

Elliott Belgrave

Sir Elliot Belgrave, CHB, KC (born March 16, 1931), is a Barbadian politician and retired High Court Judge. He was the Acting Governor-General of Barbados from 1 November 2011 to June 30, 2017. Belgrave graduated from the universities of Cambridge (MA) and London (LLB). He is a former Director of Public Prosecutions in Barbados. He was Judge of the Supreme Court and Court of Appeal of Barbados. He is a King's Counsel. Belgrave was awarded the Companion of Honour of Barbados for his contribution to the legal system in Barbados.

Barbadian

Barbadian, often shortened to Bajan, may be anything of or relating to Barbados and may also refer directly to:


Bajan Creole

Bajan is an English-based creole language. People on the Caribbean island of Barbados speak it. Bajan, like many other English-based Caribbean creole languages, has a West African substrate and an English superstrate. Bajan is similar but different from the creoles of neighbouring Caribbean islands.

Bajan is the Caribbean creole with the closest grammar to Standard English.

In general, the people of Barbados speak standard British English on TV and radio, in courthouses, in government, and in day-to-day business. Bajan is for less formal situations, in music, or in social commentary.

Barbadian people

Barbadians or Bajans are people from the Caribbean island of Barbados. They can live on Barbados or live in another country.

Many Bajans now live overseas and outside of Barbados. Most have moved to English language countries. There are some 60,000 Bajans in the United Kingdom, around 54,509 Bajans in the United States and 20,000 in Canada.

See: List of famous Bajan people

Prime Minister of Barbados

The Prime Minister of Barbados is the head of government of Barbados. The Prime Minister is picked by the Queen of Barbados. The Governor-General is responsible for holding the parliamentary elections. He says which one of the electors is Prime Minister.

This is a list of prime ministers of Barbados.


Freundel Stuart

Freundel Jerome Stuart PC QC MP (born 27 April 1951) is a Barbadian politician who was the seventh and former Prime Minister of Barbados and Leader of the Democratic Labor Party from 23 October 2010 to 21 February 2013; and from 21 February 2013 to 25 May 2018. He succeeded David Thompson, who died in office on 23 October 2010 from pancreatic cancer. He is a member of the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) and represents the Saint Michael South Constituency.

Stuart was born in Saint Philip, Barbados. He is the Father of one daughter.

An alumnus of the Christ Church Foundation School, Stuart is graduate of the University of the West Indies and holds degrees in Political science and Law. He is a Lawyer and his practice encompasses Criminal and Corporate Law

In 1974, Stuart officially joined the Ministry of Education and became a Teacher in Princess Margaret Secondary School.

He has supported several community organisations and sponsors the Dayrells United Achievers Community Club and the Notre Dame Sports Club.

Stuart entered and officially joined the Democratic Labour Party In 1970 and served in the Senate of Barbados until 1994. He emtered elective Politics in 1994 and stood as a Candidate under the Democratic Labor Party for Saint Philip, Barbados In the 1994 Barbadian General Election, which he won.

The Democratic Labour Party lost the 1994 Barbadian General Election but he became a Member of Parliament for St. Philip South.

Stuart was elected as First Vice- President of the Democratic Labour Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition under Opposition Leader, David Thompson in 1995.

Stuart was also appointed in 1995 as Shadow Deputy prime minister, Shdaow Attorney general and Shdaow Minister of Home Affairs by David Thompson to serve in his Shadow cabinet of David Thompson

In 2004, Stuart was elected as the Leader and President of the Democratic Labour Party (Barbados) In a leadership election which was held in the Party Headquarters In George Street. Stuart narrowly defeated then DLP Leader and President, Clyde Mascoll but remained as Deputy Leader of the Opposition.

After the Democratic Labor Party (Barbados) won the 2008 Barbadian general election, Stuart was appointed as Deputy prime minister, Attorney general and Minister of Home Affairs by Prime Minister David Thompson (Barbadian politician) to serve in his Cabinet. Stuart served in those three positions until May 2010.

Stuart served as acting Prime Minister of Barbados since May 2010 when Prime Minister David Thompson (Barbadian Politician) became ill with pancreatic cancer. Adriel Brathwaite succeeded Stuart in the positions he then held, namely Attorney general and Minister of Home Affairs. Thompson died on 23 October 2010. Leaders of the Democratic Labor Party held an emergency meeting at the party’s Headquarters in George Street In Bridgetown on the morning of Thompson’s death, during which Stuart was chosen as the next Prime Minister.

Stuart was sworn in as the 7th Prime Minister of Barbados and Minister for National Security, the public service and Urban Development the same day by Governor General Clifford Husbands.

In 2011, Stuart was appointed as a member of the UN Global Panel on Sustainability.

Stuart won his first election as Prime Minister on 21 February 2013, defeating Barbados Labour Party challenger (for his constituency) Noel Lynch.

On 24 January 2014 Stuart became a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom which bestowed him the title of “Right Honourable”.

Stuart had announced changes for Barbados including his intention to turn Barbados into a republic and replace the Queen of Barbados with a ceremonial President as Head of state. On 22 March 2015, Stuart told a meeting of his Democratic Labour Party (Barbados): “We cannot pat ourselves on the shoulder at having gone into independence; having decolonized our Politics; we cannot pat ourselves on the shoulders at having decolonised our jurisprudence by delinking from the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council and explain to anybody why we continue to have a monarchical system. Therefore, the Right Excellent Errol Barrow decolonized the Politics; Owen Arthur decolonized the jurisprudence and Freundel Stuart is going to complete the process.

The general secretary of the Democratic Labour Party, George Pilgrim, confirmed the move and said that it is expected to coincide with the 50th anniversary of Barbadian independence in 2016. According to Pilgrim, the change will be implemented through a bill that will be presented to the Parliament of Barbados.

According to the country’s Constitution, a two-third majority in Parliament, both in the House of Assembly of Barbados and the Senate of Barbados must have a two-third of the ruling party.

In the event that Barbados becomes a republic, it will still retain its membership of the Commonwealth of Nations but the Queen of Barbados will be replaced in her presence with a ceremonial President as head of state. The position of Governor-General of Barbados will also be dissolved.

Parliament of Barbados

The Parliament of Barbados is the national legislature of Barbados. The Parliament is bicameral, meaning there are 2 houses. The Senate is the Upper house. The House of Assembly is the Lower house. Parliament is in the national capital Bridgetown in Saint Michael.

The Senate is made up of twenty-one Senators and The Queen. The Queen is represented by the Governor-General. Senators are appointed. The term is 5 years.

The House has thirty Members of Parliament (MPs). There is also the Honourable Speaker of the House. Members of the House are elected. The term is 5 years. The next election is due to be scheduled by January 2013.

Barbadian dollar

The dollar has been the currency of Barbados since 1935. The present dollar has the ISO 4217 code "BBD". It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign "$". Sometimes it is written "Bds$" to be different from other currencies that are called dollar. It is divided into 100 cents. 


North American Numbering Plan

The North American Numbering Plan (NANP) is a telephone numbering plan. It includes 24 countries and territories, including the United States, Canada, Bermuda, and 17 nations of the Caribbean. 

There are three-digit area codes and seven-digit telephone numbers. 


Area code 246

Area code 246 is a part of the telephone numbering plan for Barbados. Phone numbers in Barbados have 7 digits.

Mount Hillaby

The peak of Mount Hillaby is the highest point on the Eastern Caribbean island nation of Barbados. The peak is in the parish of Saint Andrew. It overlooks the area known as the Scotland District to the north and east.

Saint George, Barbados

The parish of Saint George ("St. George") is in the interior of Barbados. It is one of two land-locked parishes. The other is Saint Thomas to the north. A landmark in the parish is Gun Hill Signal Station. It is one of the few remaining signal stations, dating back to 1818.

Saint George borders six of the eleven other parishes. This is more than any other parish.

Saint James, Barbados

The parish of Saint James ("St. James") is in the western part of the country of Barbados. St. James is known as the "Platinum Coast". There are many rich people who visit or live here. The parish is home to the Queen's College.

8 Out of 10 Cats

8 out of 10 Cats is a British television comedy panel game. It began on 3 June 2005 and is shown on Channel 4. It is hosted by Jimmy Carr. Each episode has two teams, each has a captain and two celebrity guests. The captain of one team was Sean Lock. The other captain in series 1–4 is Dave Spikey; in series 5–10 it is Jason Manford; from series 11 onwards it is Jon Richardson. The 22nd series ended in January 2021.

Polycystic ovary syndrome

Polycystic ovary syndrome is one of the most prevalent female endocrine health matters. PCOS is a complex and heterogeneous problem of uncertain etiology, although there is major evidence that the PCOS can be classified as a genetic health problem. This condition produces symptoms in between five percent to ten percent of females during the reproducing ages. Problems include although are not limited to hormones resulting in acne, hirsutism, resistance to insulin (which then results in diabetes mellitus, in particular Type 2 diabetes or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults), overweight and (in some women) high cholesterol levels. The symptoms and severity vary greatly among affected women.
Treatments include weight reduction, low-dose oral contraceptive pills, medroxyprogesterone and spironolactone. Clomiphene can be used as the treatment for those women who wish to get pregnant.

Zola (musician)

Bonginkosi Dlamini, professionally known as Zola, is a South African musician, actor and presenter. He also presents "Zola 7", a television program named for him, on SABC 1.

He was born on 24 April 1981 in the Soweto Township of Johannesburg, South Africa. Zola had time in prison as a youth for car theft.

Zola become well known for his role as the notorious gangster Papa Action in "Yizo Yizo 2". Zola has enjoyed success as a Kwaito superstar. He is also the owner of the music company Guluva Entertainment.

Zola raps in isiZulu and uses a lot of tsotsi.

He has received four South African Music Awards:

At the Metro FM Awards 2001, Zola won on public vote:


Arlette Zola

Arlette Zola (born 29 April 1949) is a Swiss singer. She was born Arlette Jaquet in the city of Fribourg. Zola was in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1982. Zola was placed third behind Germany and Israel. She made two more tries at reaching the Eurovision finals. In 1984 she took third place in the Swiss final. 1985 also saw her in third spot.


Topsy

Topsy may refer to:


David Warner (actor)

David Hattersley Warner (29 July 1941 – 24 July 2022) was an English actor. He was known for playing both romantic leads and sinister or villainous characters. He was in a range of various media, including film, animation, television, and video games.

Warner died on 24 July 2022 in Northwood, London from problems caused by lung cancer, five days before his 81st birthday.

Chris Pine

Christopher Whitelaw "Chris" Pine (born August 26, 1980) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Steve Trevor in "Wonder Woman" (2017) and the sequel "Wonder Woman 1984" (2019) and as James T. Kirk in the 2009 movie "Star Trek".

Pine has been in a relationship with British actress Annabelle Wallis since 2018.


Hyperglycemia

Hyperglycemia is high blood sugar levels at or beyond 200 mg/dl. It can be a serious and life threatening health problem that can be fatal if not properly treated in time. 

In a healthy body, insulin helps glucose (sugar) get from the blood into the body's cells. There, the cells can use the sugar to make energy. However, when there is not enough insulin in the body, or if a person's body does not react to insulin normally (this is called insulin resistance), too much sugar stays in the blood. This can cause serious health problems.

Extremely high blood sugar means diabetes mellitus, a condition that often causes very high blood sugar. Hyperglycemia that comes and goes may mean diabetes of any kind, or may be developing under low insulin levels or resistance to insulin.

Three of the early signs of hyperglycemia are "the 3 polys": polydipsia (feeling very thirsty), polyphagia (feeling very hungry), and polyuria (urinating a lot). These things happen because:
Other early signs of high blood sugar include blurred vision, headache, and feeling tired.

If hyperglycemia gets worse or is not treated, it can cause toxic acids called ketones to build up in the blood and urine. This is called diabetic ketoacidosis, which is a medical emergency.

Symptoms of diabetic ketoacidosis can include:

Blood sugar

Blood sugar is an amount of glucose present in the blood of humans or animals. Sugar in the blood is the primary source for energy for body cells and blood lipids. Low blood sugar means hypoglycemia. High blood sugar means hyperglycemia. People with diabetes mellitus can have high blood sugar.

Hypoglycemia is low blood sugar.

Hyperglycemia is high blood sugar. Some of the signs of high blood sugar are:


Some signs of long time high blood sugar can be:

Another sickness that is caused by high blood sugar is ketoacidosis. This sickness is because of a lack of insulin and a high amount of chemicals called ketones in the blood.

Autodidact

An autodidact is a person who learns to do something by himself or herself. Often they learn things by reading about it, or by copying someone else.

Many great people taught themselves when there was no formal teaching in the topics which interested them. Examples are Leonardo da Vinci, Michael Faraday, and Charles Darwin. Much of the industrial revolution was done by men in a field of work where there was no previous experience. James Watt was a surveyor and instrument maker and is described as being "largely self-educated". Watt, like some other autodidacts of his time, became a Fellow of the Royal Society and a member of the Lunar Society.

Autodidactism is only one way to learn, and may be done together with formal education. Many autodidacts seek instruction and guidance from experts, friends, teachers, tutors, parents, siblings, and the community. 

South East Mutton Bird Islet

South East Mutton Bird Islet is a steep islet, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Mutton Bird Island Group, at the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is part of the Southwest National Park, and part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. It is very small, with an area of , and the highest point is above sea level.

The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds.

Seabird species that breed on the island are the Short-tailed Shearwater (Puffinus tenuirostris) (250 pairs), Fairy Prion (1000 pairs), Black-faced Cormorant and Silver Gull. The Short-tailed Shearwater is also called the Mutton Bird in Australia, giving the islet it's name.

Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:

Eduardo Paolozzi

Sir Eduardo Luigi Paolozzi, KBE, RA (Edinburgh, 7 March 1924 – London, 22 April 2005), was a Scottish sculptor and artist. He was the eldest son of Italian immigrants.

Paolozzi studied at the Edinburgh College of Art in 1943, then moved to London. He was briefly at the St Martin's School of Art in 1944, and then at the Slade School of Fine Art at University College London from 1944 to 1947. He lived in Paris from 1947 to 1949. There he met Alberto Giacometti, Jean Arp, Constantin Brâncuşi, Georges Braque and Fernand Léger. They were a big influence on his later work.

Paolozzi was the founder of the pop art movement. Paolozzi's "I was a Rich Man's Plaything" (1947) is considered the first standard bearer of Pop Art and first to display the word "pop". Paolozzi showed the collage in 1952 as part of his groundbreaking "Bunk!" series at the Independent Group meeting in London.

He was a major figure in the international art sphere. Paolozzi investigated how we fitted into the modern world. He revealed our fragmented civilization through imagination and fantasy.

He was made Her Majesty's Sculptor in Ordinary for Scotland in 1986, which he held until his death.


Christine Lagarde

Christine Madeleine Odette Lagarde (née Lallouette) (born 1 January 1956) is a French lawyer and politician. She has been the President of the European Central Bank since 2019. She was the Managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 5 July 2011 until 12 September 2019. She previously served as French Minister of Finance from 19 June 2007 to 29 June 2011 when she was elected IMF managing director. Before that she served as French Minister for Commerce and Industry from 2 July 2005 to 15 May 2007 in the government of Dominique de Villepin.

She has been the head of the European Cental Bank since the beginning of 2019. She is the first woman to hold this position.

In her youth, she was part of the national team of synchronized swimming. When she was 15 years old, she won a bronze medal, at the French national championships.

Rain Man

Rain Man is a 1988 American drama movie. It was directed by Barry Levinson and produced by Mark Johnson. It was written by Barry Morrow and Ronald Bass. It stars Tom Cruise as Charlie Babbitt and Dustin Hoffman as his older brother Raymond Babbitt.

Charlie is a narcissist who is a dealer of new cars in Los Angeles, California. He hears of his father's death and is told that the vast majority of the estate has been left to Raymond, whom he cannot remember. Raymond is an autistic savant, who has an eidetic memory but is incapable of looking after himself. He has lived in an institution in Cincinnati, Ohio for about twenty years. Charlie drives Raymond to Las Vegas, Nevada where Raymond uses his skill at counting cards to win money in card games. They then go on to Los Angeles. During the journey, Charlie changes his feelings towards Raymond from being resentful to being caring and protective. Raymond lacks understanding of the world and requires 24 hour care, which Charlie cannot provide, so Raymond returns to his institution.

Rain Man won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award. The movie was inspired by the life of savant Kim Peek (1951–2009).

Going Solo

Going Solo is a non-fiction book by Roald Dahl. It is the second part of his autobiography, and was published in 1986. "Going Solo" is the story of Dahl's first job, in Africa, and about how he became a RAF pilot in World War II.

Marc Houalla

Marc Houalla (born 10 February 1961 at Rueil-Malmaison) is a French aerospace engineer.
From the 28th of November 2008 to October 2017, he is the head of the French Civil Aviation University.

Graduate from the ENAC (IÉNAC L82) and having a MBA from HEC Paris (1990), he has done different jobs in air transport such as director of SEFA before being joining the French Civil Aviation University.

From November 2017 to February 2018, Marc Houalla is head of the Orly Airport and honorary President of ENAC Alumni. Since February 2018, he is head of the Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. Since March 2018, he is also head of ENAC Alumni.



Louis Pailhas

Louis Pailhas (2 March 1926 – 6 February 2021), was a French politician and aerospace engineer.
From December 1967 to 1982, he was head of the French Civil Aviation University.

He graduated from the École Polytechnique (X 46) and "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (IAC 49). he did different jobs in civil aviation before joining the French Civil Aviation University in December 1967, the first to hold that position in Toulouse. He resigned in January 1982.

After that, in 1998, he was assistant of the Mayor of Toulouse, and then deputy Mayor for science, aeronautics and space activities in 2001.

Louis Pailhas was a member of the "Académie de l'air et de l'espace".



New Scientist

New Scientist is a weekly scientific journal. It covers recent developments in science and technology for a general audience. The magazine was founded in 1956 and it is published by Reed Business Information Ltd. "New Scientist" is edited by Sumit Paul-Choudhury.

Hervé Renaudeau

Hervé Renaudeau, born at Laval, is a French aerospace engineer. From September 2009 to August 2016, he is the director-general of the "Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées" (French private aerospace university).

Graduate from the École Centrale de Lyon (1979), he starts his career as hardware design engineer on the Mirage 2000. He has done a career in aerospace industry before joining higher education in 2002 as head of "École supérieure des techniques aéronautiques et de construction automobile" at Levallois-Perret. In September 2009, he became head of the "Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées". Francis Pollet replaces him in March 2017.

Saint John, Barbados

Saint John ("St. John") is a parish of Barbados. It is on the eastern side of the island. It is home to one of the secondary schools on the island, The Lodge School. In its southeastern corner, the shoreline turns northward instead of southward, forming the small Conset Bay.

Ashford Bird Park is a bird and animal sanctuary.

Saint Joseph, Barbados

Saint Joseph is a parish of Barbados on the eastern side of the island. The parish is home to two of the more notable botanic gardens in the country - Flower Forest and Andromeda Gardens. Parts of St. Joseph are called the Scotland District because of the appearance of the landscape.

Saint Lucy, Barbados

Saint Lucy ("St. Lucy") is the northern-most area in the country of Barbados. Saint Lucy is the only parish of Barbados to be named after a female patron saint, Saint Lucy of Syracuse. Saint Lucy was the location of a United States Navy base at Harrison's Point. Saint Lucy is also a peninsula, surrounded on three sides by the Atlantic Ocean to the north, east and west.

Saint Lucy is the birthplace of Barbados's first Prime Minister, Errol Barrow. It is also the birthplace of two cricketers; Charlie Griffith and Manny Martindale.

Saint Michael, Barbados

St. Michael is one of eleven parishes of Barbados. It is in the south-west part of the island. 
The parish is home to Bridgetown, the capital of Barbados. There is also the international seaport of Barbados—the Deep Water Harbour. Rihanna, a singer was born in St. Michael.

Saint Peter, Barbados

Saint Peter ("St. Peter") is one of eleven parishes in the Caribbean island country of Barbados. It is named after the Christian Apostle and Patron saint, Saint Peter. It is in the north of Barbados.

Saint Peter is a tourist hot spot. The parish is surrounded with white sand beaches, including those along Mullins Bay. The Barbados Wildlife Reserve is mostly a monkey sanctuary for the Barbados Green Monkey. St Nicholas Abbey is one of the more famous landmarks on Barbados.

Medal of Aeronautics

Medal of Aeronautics () is a civil honor of the government of France. It is awarded to those who have made outstanding contributions to the aviation industry.

The Medal was established in February, 1945.



David McMillan

David McMillan is a British diplomat, civil servant and administrator. He was the Director General of EUROCONTROL until 31st December 2012. Eurocontrol coordinates and plans air traffic control for all of Europe.

MacMillan earned a degree in French and Spanish from University of Edinburgh.

McMillan's Foreign Office career began in 1976. He served in Morocco and Zimbabwe. He was Transport Secretary at the British Embassy in Washington.

In the UK's Department for Transport (DfT), he had several roles between 1998 and 2007, including

McMillan was the First Vice President of the European Civil Aviation Conference between 2005 and 2007.

In 2008, he became the Director General of EUROCONTROL.


Asclepius

Asclepius (also spelled Aesculapius) was a demigod in Greek mythology. He was the son of Apollo. He was made god of medicine and healing.
Ascelpius was the god of medicines and healing and was often associated with Imhotep, the architect of the step pyramid of King Djoser.


Eileithyia

Eileithyia (; ) was the goddess of childbirth and midwifery in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of Zeus and Hera, king and queen of the gods. While she is not a prominent deity in Ancient Greek religion, Eileithyia does feature in a number of myths. Her Roman counterpart was Lucina. 

Charites

The Charites (; , "Khárites"; sing. Χάρις), also known as the Graces, are three minor goddesses of charm, beauty, grace and splendor in Greek mythology. They were the daughters of Zeus and Eurynome, and served as handmaidens of Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty. In Roman mythology they are known as the Gratiae (the “Graces”). They are often shown in sculptures and mosaics as three naked women, holding hands and dancing in a circle. Their names are Euphrosyne ("the light-hearted one"), Thalia ("the flowering one"), and Aglaia ("the shining one").

Civil Aviation University of China

Civil Aviation University of China (Simplified Chinese 中国民航大学, Traditional Chinese 中國民航大學, Pinyin "Zhōngguó Mínháng Dàxué"), also known as CAUC, is a national university in Tianjin, China. It offers education and training in civil aviation for new pilots in China.

CAUC was founded in 1951.



Günter Blobel

Günter Blobel (May 21, 1936 – February 18, 2018) was a German-born American biochemist. His native city, Waltersdorf, now belongs to Poland.

He has received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1999 for his studies concerning protein targeting.

Blobel died in New York City on February 18, 2018 of prostate cancer at the age of 81.

Ahmed Abu Laban

Ahmad Abu Laban (born 1946 - 1 February 2007) was the leader of an organisation called Islamic Society of Denmark. In 2006, he complained about a series of cartoons that were printed in a Danish newspaper. He said the cartoons, which made fun of the prophet Muhammad, were offensive to Muslims. People in Syria, Lebanon.Afghanistan and Iran protested outside Danish embassies. There were riots in Afghanistan, in which 11 people were killed.

Ahmad was born in Palestine. He moved to Denmark with his family, and became a leading religious leader in the Danish Islamic community. He died in Copenhagen in 2007 from lung cancer.

Michel Tognini

Michel Ange-Charles Tognini (born September 30, 1949, in Vincennes, France) is a French test pilot, astronaut, educator, writer and administrator. Tognini is Head of the European Astronaut Centre (EAC) of the European Space Agency (ESA) in Cologne, Germany.

Tognini graduates "École de l'Air".



All the Vermeers in New York

All the Vermeers in New York is an American movie released in 1990. It was directed by Jon Jost.

Mark is a broker on Wall Street who notices a woman that resembles a painting by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer. The woman is named Anna and she is an actress from France. The two start a romantic relationship when they meet each other for the first time. Mark suffers from a cerebral hemorrhage while calling Anna and then Anna disappears into a Vermeer painting at the end.

The film won the Caligari Film Award at the Berlin International Film Festival in 1991. Roger Ebert liked the film, but he thought that it ended too soon.

Saint Philip, Barbados

Saint Philip is a parish of Barbados at the southeastern end of the island.

St. Philip has the largest land area of the 11 parishes of Barbados. It has a mostly flat 'close to sea-level' land. It does not have a true city, rather villages and areas.

This parish is home to the only 'dependency' of Barbados called Culpepper Island. This tiny rock in the ocean is used as a feeding ground for sheep. It cannot be reached unless by boat or by foot at low tide.

Saint Thomas, Barbados

Saint Thomas ("St. Thomas") is in the centre of Barbados. It is one of only two landlocked parishes in the island. The other is Saint George to the south.

Liberty Kid

Liberty Kid is a 2007 low budget American movie. It is directed by Ilya Chaiken. The movie has to do with two friends that lose their jobs at the Statue of Liberty after 9/11.

The movie won Best Film at the New York Latino Film Festival. The movie won Critics' Pick from both "The New York Times" and "New York Magazine". The movie played at New York Latino Film Festival, the Woodstock Film Festival, and the Atlanta Film Festival. The DVD has an audio commentary by three actors, deleted scenes, behind the scenes, photo gallery, and conversations with Iraq War veterans as special features. The DVD is in 5.1 stereo sound.

Frank Worrell

Sir Frank Mortimer Maglinne Worrell (1 August 1924, Bank Hall, St Michael, Barbados – 13 March 1967, Kingston, Jamaica) was a West Indies cricketer and Jamaican senator. He is sometimes called by his nickname of Tae. He was a stylish right-handed batsman and useful left-arm seam bowler. He became famous in the 1950s as the first black captain of the West Indies cricket team. He is the only batsman to be in two 500-run partnerships in first-class cricket.

Since the 1960–61 series, the Frank Worrell Trophy is awarded to the winner of the Test series between Australia and West Indies.One of the two Halls of Residence at the University of the West Indies, Cave Hill Campus in Barbados is named after him.

Caribbean journalist Ernest Eytle wrote a biography of Worrell titled "Frank Worrell: The Career of a Great Cricketer" in 1963.

In June 1988 Worrell was celebrated on the $2 Barbadian stamp along with the Barbados Cricket Buckle.

West Indies cricket team

The West Indian cricket team, also known as the West Indies or the Windies, is a multi-national cricket team. They are a sporting group of 15 mainly English-speaking Caribbean countries, British dependencies and non-British dependencies.

From the mid 1970s to the early 1990s, the West Indies team was one of the strongest in the world in both Test and One Day International cricket. A number of cricketers among the best in the world have played for the West Indies. Sir Garfield Sobers, Lance Gibbs, Gordon Greenidge, George Headley, Clive Lloyd, Malcolm Marshall, Andy Roberts, Alvin Kallicharran, Rohan Kanhai, Frank Worrell, Everton Weekes, Curtly Ambrose, Michael Holding, Joel Garner and Sir Viv Richards are in the ICC Hall of Fame. World-record holder Brian Lara was a West Indies Test player.

The West Indies won the ICC Cricket World Cup twice, in 1975 and 1979. They won the ICC Champions Trophy in 2004. They were runners up in the Under 19 Cricket World Cup in 2004. They were semi finalists in the ICC World Twenty20 in 2009. They were the first cricket team to win the World Cup twice. West Indies are also the first team to win back to back World Cups. West Indies is the first team to appear in three consecutive World Cup finals (1975, 1979 and 1983).

2007 Cricket World Cup

The 2007 ICC Cricket World Cup was the ninth edition of the ICC Cricket World Cup tournament. It took place in the West Indies from 13 March to 28 April 2007. It used the sport's One Day International format. There were a total of 51 matches played, three fewer than at the 2003 World Cup.

The 16 competing teams were first divided into four groups. The two best-performing teams from each group moved on to a "Super 8" format. From this, Australia, New Zealand, Sri Lanka and South Africa went to the semi-finals. Australia beat Sri Lanka in the final to win their third consecutive World Cup. 

Obadele Thompson

Obadele Thompson (born March 30, 1976) is a sprint athlete from Barbados. In 2000, he became the first Olympic medalist from Barbados. He won a bronze medal in the 100m race.

His fastest legal time in the 100 m is 9.87. He ran his personal best in the 200 m at 19.97 in 2000.

Born in Saint Michael, Thompson attended Harrison College. He then went to the University of Texas at El Paso, United States.

On February 21, 2007 Thompson announced his engagement to Marion Jones, then pregnant. The marriage took place on February 24, 2007 in North Carolina. Their first child together, son Amir, was born in July 2007. A daughter, Eva-Marie, was born in June 2009.

Ryan Brathwaite

Ryan Brathwaite (born June 6, 1988) is a track and field athlete from Barbados. He won the gold medal in the 110 metres hurdles at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin.

DGM Barbados Open

The DGM Barbados Open is a senior (over 50s) men's professional golf tournament. It is played on the Caribbean island state of Barbados. It is the opening event on the European Seniors Tour. It is the only event on the tour that takes place in the Americas. The PGA European Tour organisation is based in the United Kingdom. Barbados is a former British colony. The tournament was first played in 2000. It is hosted by the Royal Westmoreland Golf Club. 

DGM Barbados Open

Royal Westmoreland Barbados Open

Hirotaka Takeuchi

Fewer than 30 people have climbed all 14 mountains.

European Seniors Tour

The European Seniors Tour is a professional tour for male golfers aged 50 and over. It is run by the PGA European Tour. The Tour started in 1992. The highest profile seniors event in Europe is the Senior British Open Championship.

The 2010 season added new events in Mauritius, Thailand, South Africa, England, the Netherlands, and France.

Southwest National Park

The Southwest National Park is a national park in the south-west of Tasmania, Australia. The park is the largest in Tasmania and is part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area.

The eastern side of the park is west of Hobart and the park stretches to the west and south coasts. This park covers most of the wilderness areas in Tasmania's south west. The park is well known for its untouched wilderness and remoteness. Weather in the park is can change quickly, and can be severe. The area has not been changed by humans. Evidence shows that Tasmanian Aborigines have visited the area for at least 25,000 years. European settlers have made a few trips into the park, but there has been very few long lasting settlements and little change to the natural environment. Within the area there is only one road, to the hydroelectricity township of Strathgordon. The southern and western parts the park can only be reached by foot, boat, or light aircraft.

The tiny town of Melaleuca in the extreme south-west has a runway for airplanes to land, and basic facilities for the National Parks Service.

Most of the park was created in 1955 and was first called Lake Pedder National Park. Over the following 35 years the park was made bigger and was renamed, reaching its present size in 1990. The original small Lake Pedder was flooded with the building of a dam on the Gordon River for hydroelectricity. The man made lake is also called Lake Pedder

The Melaleuca area is the summer breeding grounds of the highly endangered orange-bellied parrot .

There are two ways to reach the park by land: the Gordon River Road to the hydroelectricity township of Strathgordon and the Huon Highway to Cockle Creek. The southern and western areas of the park can only be reached by foot, boat, or light aircraft.
There are two main walking tracks cross the park. The Port Davey Track and the South Coast Track. The walks are generally for more experienced walkers, and take about ten to fourteen days to complete. A flight to or from Melaleuca may be arranged to split the walk, or for tourist access for day trips. Several more difficult walks also exist, including the Eastern and Western Arthur Ranges, Precipitous Bluff, the South West Cape, and Federation Peak. These are not suitable for inexperienced walkers, or for people traveling alone. Sea access to the park is from Port Davey and Bathurst Harbour.

Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:


Pan Am Flight 103

Pan Am Flight 103 was a Pan American World Airways passenger flight that flew from London to New York City across the Atlantic Ocean. On 21 December 1988, the aeroplane flying this route was destroyed by a bomb. The explosion caused the plane to crash onto Lockerbie, Scotland. The crash killed everybody on the plane and eleven more people on the ground. The attack is also known as the Lockerbie bombing.

The aircraft was a Boeing 747–121 named "“Clipper Maid of the Seas”". The explosion killed all 243 passengers and 16 crew members. Eleven more people in Lockerbie were killed as large parts of the plane fell onto the town and crashed into houses. The total number of people killed in the disaster was 270. After many years of investigation, the attack was blamed on airline officials working for Libya's government. Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, a Libyan man, was convicted of murder over the attack, and later freed as he had terminal cancer. Megrahi died almost three years later. Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi was said to have ordered the attack.

The airplane that crashed was a Boeing 747–121, registered and named "Clipper Maid of the Seas" and it was 18 years old.

Flight 103 had originated at Frankfurt Airport, operated by Boeing 727. At London Heathrow Airport, the flight was the changed to a Boeing 747. The aircraft pushed back from the terminal at 18:04 and took off from runway 27R at 18:25, and took off to John F. Kennedy International Airport, and then to Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport.

At 19:02:44 Flight 103 disappeared from air traffic control, then at 19:02:50 then plane returned as five echos instead of one. A British Airways pilot, reported that he could see a huge fire on the ground. The explosion punched a 50-cm (20-inch) hole on the left side of the fuselage. As it descended, the fuselage broke up into smaller pieces, with the section attached to the wings landing first. 200,000 lb (91,000 kg) of jet fuel it contained, ignited, the resulting fireball destroyed several houses and tore a large crater through the center of Lockerbie killing 11 people on the ground.

All 259 passengers and crew and eleven people on the ground died in the crash. Of the 259 people on the plane 190 people were Americans, 43 were British, and many more were represented, with four or fewer passengers per country. Flight 103 was manned by Captain Jim MacQuarrie (55), First Officer Ray Wagner (52), and Flight Engineer Jerry Don Avritt (46). The cabin crew were from Czechoslovakia, the Dominican Republic, France, Norway, the Philippines, Spain, Sweden, West Germany, and the United States.

Bernt Carlsson

James Fuller

Paul Jeffreys

Matthew Gannon

Members of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution had destroyed the plane in retaliation for Iran Air Flight 655 being shot down by U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf the previous July.

Muammar Gaddafi admitted Libya's responsibility for the Lockerbie bombing and paid compensation to the victims' families in 2003, though he maintained that he never personally gave the order for the attack.


Payphone (song)

"Payphone" is a song performed by American pop rock band Maroon 5. It was released on April 17, 2012 under A&M/Octone Records in the United States. It was the lead single on the band's fourth studio album, "Overexposed", set to be released on June 26, 2012. The song was written by producer Benny Blanco, bandmates Adam Levine, James Valentine, and featured vocalist Wiz Khalifa. The song was recorded in southern Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.

The cover artwork or the track was leaked to the web over a newsletter on April 11, 2012 and featured similar varieties of colorful aspects from the band's upcoming fourth album's cover, which leaked a day prior on E! News. 

The song debuted at number-three on the Billboard Hot 100 singles' chart and later peaked at number-two. It also topped the Billboard Digital Songs chart in late April. 

A music video for the song has not been officially announced yet. However, featured rapper Wiz Khalifa said in a press conference that he would like the music video to be in a sutle setting where no people may be to relate to the lyrics of the song. 

Wren

The wrens are passerine birds in the mainly New World family Troglodytidae. There are about 80 species in about 20 genera. The Wren is also the shortest bird in Britain.

Originally, the word 'wren' was (and still is) used for the species found in Europe, western Asia and North Africa. The word came into English after a long history in the Germanic languages. The bird's scientific name is "Troglodytes troglodytes". When European biologists got to the Americas, they soon realised that the family of wrens has many species, and is mainly an American family of birds.

Most wrens are about 10 centimetres (4 inches) long, brown (both sexes), and has a short bill that curves slightly down. Its wings are round and it has a short tail.

Its song is a gushing burst of sweet music, loud and emphatic. It has an enormous voice for its size, ten times louder, weight for weight, than a cockerel. Its song may sometimes be confused for the dunnock, which has warble that is shorter and weaker. The wren's song also has trill sounds, which the dunnock does not. The male has a long and complex song, with a series of tinkling trills one after the other for seconds on end.

When this bird is annoyed or excited, its call runs into an emphatic "churr", like clockwork running down.


Vireo

The vireos () are a group of passerine birds that are mostly in the part of the New World. Their feathers are dull-colored and greenish, the smaller species slightly resembling wood warblers. New evidence from DNA places vireos as relatives of crows. Vireos are mostly shy.


Shrike

Shrikes are passerine birds of the family Laniidae. The family has 31 species in three genera. The family name, "Lanius", is derived from the Latin word for "butcher". Some shrikes were also known as "butcher birds" because of their feeding habits. This is because shrike sometimes sticks its prey on a thorn, as on a meat hook. This makes it easier for them to feed on it.

Most shrike species live in Eurasia and Africa, with just two breeding in North America. There are no members of this family in South America or Australia, although one species reaches New Guinea. 

The shrikes vary in the size of their ranges. Some species like the Great Grey Shrike range across the northern hemisphere, whereas Newton's Fiscal is restricted to the island of São Tomé.


Photoflash capacitor

A photo flash capacitor is a capacitor used in the flashes of cameras.

A camera flash works by applying short bursts of high voltage to a type of gas in a glass tube. The electrical energy required is small, but it has to be given very fast because since the flash doesn't last long. An ordinary battery cannot give such a high voltage or give it so fast, so a photo flash capacitor is used. An electronic circuit increases the battery voltage, and charges a capacitor. When the button is pressed, the capacitor releases the stored energy in about a thousandth of a second and makes a bright flash.

Information leakage

Information leakage is when secret information gets stolen.

With the development of the internet, the issue of information leakage has been more and more serious. The definition of an information leakage is that secret information is stolen by others through hacker’s attack, copying, sending, printing or screen shooting.

Most individual information leakages are caused by hackers. This can be prevented by through antivirus software. Most corporate information leakages are caused by people in the company. Preventing corporate information leakage is more difficult. In 2003, the FBI and the CSI did research, the result shows that only 30 percent of information leakage accidents are caused by people outside the organization. That is because people inside are familiar with the regulation and more likely to find the information. Encrypting the information is an important way to stop corporate information leakages.

Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão

Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão, or simply SBT is a Brazilian television network launched by Silvio Santos on 1981.

Rede Tupi, the channel 4 in São Paulo, began operations in 1950. In 1962 (when he began his first TV program), Silvio Santos produced his own programs on Tupi, TV Paulista and on Rede Globo beginning in 1965. Soon enough, he started plans to have his own television channel. His production company, Estudios Silvio Santos Cinema e Televisao, was successful on Tupi, Globo and (since 1972) on Record (where he then owned half of the company's stock).

In 1976, with help from humorist and friend Manuel de Nóbrega (who had a show on Rede Globo and was part of "Baú da Felicidade"), Santos obtained a license for his own station: Rio de Janeiro's channel 11, known as "TV Studios" or "TVS". Soon after its launch, its flagship program ("Programa Silvio Santos" on Sundays) plus the late night "Silvio Santos Diferente" on weekdays began to be broadcast (Santos left Globo the same year). Other programs soon began, as the network gained support from city residents who sought an alternative to Globo, Tupi, Bandeirantes and TV Rio (the city's network, related to TV Record along with TVS). The new channel debuted on 14 May 1976, with a logo of a gold circle with the number 11 slanted in gold, which featured in the first Scanimate idents and promos for the channel - making it a pioneer station in the country when it came to computer animation. While during its early years the network studios were based in Rio, all program production for TVS transferred to São Paulo in 1978–79.

When Rede Tupi went out of business in 1980, Santos obtained three stations from the network: the São Paulo's channel 4, the Porto Alegre's channel 5 and the Belém's channel 5. The SBT was created, launching on 19 August 1981, but using the TVS name until 1990 for some of its stations. Until the formation of the SBT, the Silvio Santos Group also had a station named TVS in Nova Friburgo, serving viewers in the northern and western parts of the state, this was also its first branch station, having opened in 1979.

In 1978, Minas Gerais' TV Alterosa became one of the SBT's broadcast-affiliate networks, the first affiliate station for the channel. Some later affiliates were adopted from Rede Tupi after its closure on 18 July 1980, by order of Brazilian Minister of Communications Haroldo de Matos, who the following year would order SBT to begin transmissions. When Tupi closed, "Programa Silvio Santos" moved to Record but continued simulcasting Sundays on the TVS Channels 11 and 3, as well as on yet another SS Group station - Channel 9, purchased from TV Continental. Santos began the network's expansion efforts, convincing stations to become the SBT and Record affiliates. The official launch of the network on 19 August 1981, also marked the debut of its first presentation package using its famous circle logo (similar to the one used till today by the American Broadcasting Company) and dual branding (the SBT being the official name of the network while TVS being the station branding in its three founding stations), and it was the only network launch to be held in Brasilia and broadcast directly from the federal capital city. The first idents were similar to ABC's "Still the One" idents of 1979, used by the Nine Network in Australia in 1980.

The Matos decision also gave the network the Sumare studios of Tupi for drama production. By the time of the 1981 launch the SBT had 18 affiliate channels nationwide.

During the 1980s, the SBT established itself, contracting popular hosts and airing a mix of its own and Televisa programming (especially Mexican "telenovelas" and comedy shows such as "El Chavo del Ocho" and "El Chapulín Colorado"). It climbed to second place in the Brazilian ratings (except in Rio de Janeiro, where Rede Manchete occupied that position). Moreover, it hosted the Brazilian version of "Bozo" for kids plus even let ex-Tupi program presenters bring their shows over to the fledgling network.

The SBT, together with Record (under the SBT/Record pool) broadcast the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, two years before its 1986 FIFA World Cup coverage.

1985 would see the SBT score a historic victory with the broadcast of the Australian miniseries "The Thorn Birds", and TVS Channel 4 São Paulo became SBT Channel 4 São Paulo, thus becoming a truly national network with the introduction of satellite broadcasts.

In March 1986, the network premiered its new talk show, "Hebe", with Hebe Camargo as host; the show was formerly on Rede Tupi and Rede Bandeirantes. It became one of the network's longest-running programs, running for over 24 years; the final show was at the end of 2010, when Camargo ended her contract. She had a spin-off show, "Hebe por Elas" ("Hebe for All"), during the early 1990s. The death of Flavio Cavacante, one of the network's pioneer presenters, just days after his 22 May episode of his own program shocked the nation so much that on the day of his funeral the network started transmissions only in the afternoon in his honor.

In 1987, Santos pursued a better-quality program lineup, while trying to attract a larger audience and better advertisers. During that year (in response to the high popularity of Rede Globo's "Xou da Xuxa" on weekdays), SBT began increasing its child-oriented programming with programs such as "Oradukapeta", "Show Maravilha" and the "Do Re Mi" series. Nearly all SBT kids' programs had female presenters (different from the format of "Xou da Xuxa"), because "Oradukapeta" was hosted by Sergio Mallandro (also a "Show de Calorous" judge).

The network also launched its slogan ""Quem procura, acha aqui"", modeled on NBC's three-year "Be There" campaign project from 1983 to 1985. The slogan lasted for three seasons, with a new promo each year. The theme used each year corresponded to NBC's theme for its project:


Even all program adverts were also modeled on the NBC ones, with the 1989-90 edition seeing the program talents saying the day the program will be aired followed by the phrase "No SBT" (On SBT) with the program time being shown, this style was carried on to 1990.

1987 also was the year that the network began to change its corporate branding from TVS to the SBT, and the 2nd year of its "QPAA" campaign resulted in the logo being relaunched, now with slanted colors on the circle (similar to ABC's 1987-88 logo and its "Something's Happening on ABC" campaign).

Humorist Jô Soares was brought in from TV Globo in 1988, introducing a late-night talk program to Brazilian TV with his 11:30 PM show entitled "Jô Soares Onze e Meia". Also signed was Boris Casoy, who became the first news anchor in Brazil with his "TJ Brasil" newscast (which succeeded "Noticentro", the network's first newscast with Antonio Casale) and ex-Balão Mágico member Simony.

In 1988, Santos prevented host "Gugu" Liberato from signing with Globo after Liberato hosted the SBT's big weekend hit "Viva a Noite" since 1986. This was widely seen as indicative that Gugu would be Santos' successor on Sunday afternoons, reinforced by the extended timeslot of Gugu's future program "Domingo Legal". As a result, "Programa Sílvio Santos" adopted the dual-presenter format, with Gugu hosting segments such as the Brazilian version of Double Dare, called "Passa ou Repassa" (known for its "Torta na Cara" segment) and "Cidade contra Cidade".

The TVS brand was merged into the SBT brand in 1990; the name change was seen in a new campaign ad modeled on NBC's ""Come Home to NBC"" campaign of 1986–87, which premiered early that year, and in August on TV station identifications celebrating SBT's ninth year of broadcasts (that year, Silvio Santos sold Record as a national network) and it also broadcast the 1990 FIFA World Cup. 1991 saw the beginning of its newscast "Aqui Agora" and Serginho Groisman's "Programa Livre" variety show, just a few of the many successes for the year even as the network's São Paulo studios suffered damages due to massive floods that hit the city. In 1992, the SBT and Rede Globo (together with Manchete, Band, and SporTV) jointly broadcast the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics (together with Manchete, Record, Band, SporTV, and ESPN) nationwide, with a grand advertising campaign for the Brazil national team. Despite problems and even the transfer of talents to other stations (such as the then resurgent Rede Record), the 90s proved to be a boom for the network, beginning its second decade with 74 affiliates, bigger when it signed on.

The SBT invested in its own "telenovelas" and remakes of successful ones from foreign networks (most notably Chiquititas), variety programs, news and current affairs, and broadcast rights for sporting events (including the Copa Mercosur, Copa do Brasil and Champ Car). It signed host Carlos "Ratinho" Massa in 1998, obtained more Mexican productions and launched game shows (such as "Show do Milhão") in 1999. By the end of the decade the SBT held second place in the Brazilian ratings, after Globo, strengthed by a brand new and technologically advanced television complex, the CDT da Anhanguera, inaugurated in 1996, just in time for its 15th anniversary.

The 1990s were the SBT's most fruitful decade for American-style ad campaigns:


The SBT began the decade investing in movies, broadcasting a package of Disney (now affiliated with TV Globo) and Time Warner productions (the latter promoted in a one-hour network block). In 2001, the controversial reality show "Casa dos Artistas", accused by many of being a copy of Endemol's "Big Brother", marked the first time SBT led the Sunday-night ratings, aside from its "Domingo Legal" program becoming no.1 in the Sunday afternoon ratings.

Since 2003, with the ratings advances of Record and Rede Bandeirantes, the SBT's ratings have declined. Two events that year marked the beginning of its problems:

Since then the SBT has aired the successful "Rebelde" and shows with child host Maisa Silva, who became popular; however, programs could change without previous announcement (even hosts were sometimes out of the loop), confusing the audience. In 2006 SBT celebrated its 25th anniversary in a deepening crisis.

The SBT is the second-largest network in the country, vying for leadership with Rede Record. The CDT da Anhanguera is the second-largest television-production center in Brazil, behind Projac (owned by Rede Globo). Over 5,000 employees work around the clock at the SBT's 110 TV stations.
In 2008 the network lost second place in the ratings to Record, but tied for second place the following year.
In 2009 Liberato moved to Record after more than 20 years with the SBT; at the same time, the SBT signed presenters Roberto Justus and Eliana from Record. It also appeared on SKY Brasil, the last of the five major Brazilian networks to do so.

Recent programs include "What's Your Talent", a local combination of "Britain's Got Talent" and "Show de Calouros" (created and hosted by Silvio Santos during the 1970s); a Brazilian version of "1 vs. 100"; an annual telethon, which raised R$19 million in 2009; "Kyle XY"; the reality show "Solitary"; "Smallville", "Grey's Anatomy" and "De Frente with Gabi", a talk show featuring journalist Marilia Gabriela.

TV Alagoas left the network in September 2009 and to broadcast religious programs, and SBT executive director William Stoliar sued to ensure the network's availability there. It returned to the SBT on June 1, 2010, due to viewer pressure and late rent payments by religious programs.

In February 2014 the Communist Party of Brazil sends to the Federal Government a questioning, for which he cut around 75 million dollars in advertising the broadcaster, because of criticism that the journalist Rachel Sheherazade makes against the Government.

While the network at large suffered from the effects of the COVID pandemic in the country, it found a renewed calling in sports. One after the other, the network pursued new sporting investments when it snagged the broadcasting rights for the Campeonato Carioca 2020 grand final, followed by a renewed commitment to the Copa Liberatores for the 2020–22 period. In 2021, left and right came contracts after contracts for sports broadcasts with SBT getting the nod as broadcaster to the 2021 Copa America, and a number of arena football and futsal events - a first in network history as SBT marked its 40th anniversary. Buoyed by the sporting successes against the competition the network revived its sports newscasts: "Arena SBT", which originally premiered in 2014, returned in 2020, followed by the launch the following year of "SBT Sports".

Doug Savant

Jeremy Renner (born June 21, 1964) is an American actor. He is known for his role in the television "Desperate Housewives".

Lynda Carter

Lynda Jean Carter (born July 24, 1951) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for being Miss USA (1973) and as the star of the 1970s television series "Wonder Woman" (1975–77) and "The New Adventures of Wonder Woman" (1977–79).


Australia national cricket team

The Australian cricket team is the national cricket team of Australia. It is the joint oldest team in Test cricket. They were in the first Test match in 1877. The team also plays One Day International cricket and Twenty20 International. They were in the first ODI, against England in the 1970–71 season. They were in the first Twenty20 International, against New Zealand in the 2004–05 season. They won both games.

The Australian team has played 859 Test matches, winning 408, losing 231, drawing 218 and tying two. Australia ranked the number-one team overall in Test cricket in terms of overall wins, win-loss ratio and wins percentage. Australia is ranked fourth in the ICC Test Championship behind England, South Africa and India. They led the Test rankings for a record time of 74 months from 2003 to 2009.

Australia has played 982 ODI matches, winning 596, losing 343, tying nine and with 34 ending in no-result. They have led the ICC ODI Championship since it started for all but 48 days in 2007. Australia made a record six World Cup final appearances (1975, 1987, 1996, 1999, 2003 and 2007). They have won the World Cup a record four times in total; 1987 Cricket World Cup, 1999 Cricket World Cup, 2003 Cricket World Cup and 2007 Cricket World Cup. Australia is the first team to be in 4 consecutive World Cup finals (1996, 1999, 2003 and 2007).

The team was undefeated in 34 consecutive World Cup matches until 19 March at the 2011 Cricket World Cup. There Pakistan beat them by 4 wickets. Australia won the ICC Champions Trophy twice – in 2006 and in 2009 – making them the first and the only team to become back to back winners in the Champions Trophy tournaments. The team has also played 177 Twenty20 Internationals.

Twenty20 International

A Twenty20 International (T20I) is a form of cricket which is played over 20 overs per side between two national cricket teams. The game is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket. The first Twenty20 International took place on 17 February 2005. Australia defeated New Zealand by 44 runs at Eden Park in Auckland. The International Cricket Council gave rankings for the shortest format of the game on October 24, 2011 with England at top.

The nations are listed below with the date of each nation's Twenty20 International debut shown in brackets.


Reynaldo Hahn

Reynaldo Hahn (August 9, 1874 – January 28, 1947) was a French composer, conductor, music critic and diarist (he wrote a diary). He was famous for his songs. He wrote the music (which was considered "insipid") for the ballet "Le Dieu bleu". The ballet was a failure and the music was blamed.

Gaussian elimination

In mathematics, Gaussian elimination (also called row reduction) is a method used to solve systems of linear equations. It is named after Carl Friedrich Gauss, a famous German mathematician who wrote about this method, but did not invent it.

To perform Gaussian elimination, the coefficients of the terms in the system of linear equations are used to create a type of matrix called an augmented matrix. Then, elementary row operations are used to simplify the matrix. The three types of row operations used are:

The goal of Gaussian elimination is to get the matrix in "row-echelon form". If a matrix is in row-echelon form, that means that reading from left to right, each row will start with at least one more zero term than the row above it. Some definitions of Gaussian elimination say that the matrix result has to be in "reduced row-echelon form". That means that the matrix is in row-echelon form and the only non-zero term in each row is 1. Gaussian elimination that creates a reduced row-echelon matrix result is sometimes called Gauss-Jordan elimination.

Suppose the goal is to find the answers to this system of linear equations.
First, the system needs to be turned into an augmented matrix. In an augmented matrix, each linear equation becomes a row. On one side of the augmented matrix, the coefficients of each term in the linear equation become numbers in the matrix. On the other side of the augmented matrix are the constant terms each linear equation is equal to. For this system, the augmented matrix is:

Then, row operations can be done on the augmented matrix to simplify it. The table below shows the row reduction process on the system of equations and on the augmented matrix.

The matrix is now in row-echelon form. This is also called "triangular form".
The matrix is now in reduced row-echelon form. Reading this matrix tells us that the solutions for this system of equations occur when x = 2, y = 3, and z = -1.

Bronislava Nijinska

Bronislava Nijinska (8 January 1891 [old style 27 December 1890] – 22 February 1972) was a Russian ballerina, choreographer, and teacher of Polish descent. Her parents were dancers. She was one of three siblings and the sister of the famous ballet dancer, Vaslav Nijinsky. 

When she was very young, Nijinska learned to dance at home. Her parents taught her Polish, Hungarian, Italian, and Russian folk dances. Her father also taught her some acrobatics. This helped her later with her choreography. 

She was only four years old when she made her debut in a Christmas program with her brothers in Nizhny Novgorod. Nijinska trained with the Italian dancer, Enrico Cecchetti, before joining the Imperial Ballet School in 1900. She was a student there until 1908. Her teachers were Nicolai Legat and Mikhail Fokine.

She danced with the Imperial Ballet in St. Petersburg and the Ballets Russes. She was a choreographer for the Ballets Russes, with important modernist dance titles to her credit: "Les Noces" (1923), "Le Train Bleu" (1924) and "Les Biches" (1924). She guided the re-creation of these works in modern times.

She died in Pacific Palisades, California. She was twice married and had two children.

Federico de Madrazo y Ochoa

Federico de Madrazo y Ochoa (1875 – 1935) was a Spanish painter working in and around Madrid. He was part of a famous family of Spanish artists which included his father Raimundo de Madrazo, his uncle Ricardo de Madrazo y Garreta, his grandfather, Federico de Madrazo y Kuntz, and his great grandfather José de Madrazo. He worked together with Jean Cocteau to write a ballet, the "Le Dieu bleu" ("The Blue God"), in 1912 for Serge Diaghilev's Ballets Russes. Music for the ballet was composed by Reynaldo Hahn.

Madea's Witness Protection

Madea's Witness Protection is a comedy-drama movie. It was directed, written, and produced by Tyler Perry. The movie is about Madea taking care of a White American family who are in being protected by the FBI. The movie was filmed from January to March 2012. The movie was released in the United States on June 29, 2012.

2012 in movies

This is a list of movies that were released in the United States in 2012.

The top ten films released in 2012 by worldwide gross are as follows:


Giant antshrike

The giant antshrike ("Batara cinerea") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It belongs to the genus Batara. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay. This species is the largest species of antbird, measuring 34 cm long and weighing around 150 g.

Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical forests.



Pygmy antwren

The pygmy antwren ("Myrmotherula brachyura") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.

The Pygmy Antwren is the smallest of the antbirds. It usually weighs only 7 g (0.25 oz).



Ant-follower

The ant-follower is a bird which feeds by following army ants. They take the prey that the ants have. The best known ant-followers are 18 species of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae, but there are other families as well, such as cuckoos.

Tropical Storm Beryl

Tropical Storm Beryl was a strong Atlantic tropical storm. It was the second tropical cyclone of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season. Beryl formed on May 26 from a low-pressure system. This system was near the East Coast of the United States. It was described as a subtropical storm. However, it slowly became stronger and was upgraded to a tropical storm on May 27. It upgraded because it moved to warmer water. Beryl is responsible for floods in Cuba. This caused a mudslide that left two people missing. Beryl caused rough surf to beaches in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. In South Carolina, one person was reported missing.


Collared antshrike

The collared antshrike ("Thamnophilus bernardi") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.



Thamnophilus

Thamnophilus is a genus of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae. The species in this genus are commonly known as antshrikes. The Collared Antshrike ("Thamnophilus bernardi") is one of the species.

Dot-winged antwren

The dot-winged antwren ("Microrhopias quixensis"), also known as the velvety antwren, is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is found in tropical Central and South America from southeastern Mexico south to western Ecuador, northern Bolivia and central Brazil. The male dot-winged antwren is blackish, while the female has brownish underparts. It is the only member of the genus "Microrhopias".


Flag of Belarus

The current national flag of Belarus was introduced on June 7, 1995. This new design replaced a historical flag used by the Belarusian People's Republic of 1918. The current flag is a change of the 1951 flag.

The flag has a red upper stripe and a green lower stripe. A vertical red and white pattern is against the flagstaff.

National emblem of Belarus

The national emblem of Belarus replaced the historic Pahonia arms in 1995. It has a ribbon in the colors of the national flag, a map of Belarus, wheat ears and a red star. It is sometimes called the coat of arms of Belarus, but this is not correct.

Despite the fact that the Belarusians share a distinct ethnic identity and language, they never previously had a political sovereignty prior to 1991, except during a brief period in 1918 when the short-lived Belarusian People's Republic used the horseman as its emblem. The unique Belarusian national symbols were not created as a result of the foreign rule of the Belarusian territories by Prussia, Poland, Lithuania, and Russia until the 20th century.

Thaila Ayala

Thaila Ayala Sales (born April 14, 1986 in Presidente Prudente) is a Brazilian actress and model.

She played Marcela, the protagonist of the 14th season of the teen soap "". In 2006 she posed nude for the magazine Trip.

In 2007, she was photographed by Terry Richardson for the book, "Rio, Wonderful Town", released the same year. Subsequently, the release actress and model, who appears in a photo with the breast showing and biting her lip, claimed to be sorry that she participated in the book.

In 2011, she said that posing nude was "rape".

On 19 November 2011 she married actor Paulo Vilhena.

List of prime ministers of Belarus

This is a list of heads of government of Belarus from 1918 to the present.






Mikhail Myasnikovich

Mikhail Uladzimiravich Myasnikovich (born 6 May 1950) is a Belarusian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Belarus from 2010 to 2014. He was picked by President Alexander Lukashenko after the 2010 presidential election.

He graduated from the Brest Engineering and Construction Institute in 1972 and the Communist Party School in 1989 in Minsk. He has a PhD in economics. He speaks English. He has a son, daughter and two grandchildren.


Exodus (band)

Exodus is an American thrash metal band from Richmond, California. Exodus has five members in the band; the current band members are Steve Souza, Gary Holt, Lee Altus, Jack Gibson and Tom Hunting. Former guitarist Rick Hunolt is currently touring with Exodus and filling in for Gary Holt while Holt is filling in as a guitarist for Slayer after the death of Jeff Hanneman.

The band was formed in 1980 by band member Tom Hunting and now-former band members Kirk Hammett, Tim Agnello, Carlton Melson and Keith Stewart. The band is named after the 1958 novel, Exodus by Leon Uris.

Tim Agnello was later replaced with Gary Holt who has stayed in the band since. Kirk Hammett left in 1983 to join now-famous thrash metal band Metallica, and was eventually replaced by Rick Hunolt. Carlton Melson was eventually replaced by Rob McKillop, with Keith Stewart being replaced by Paul Baloff. With these members They released their debut album, "Bonded by Blood", on April 25, 1985, which is considered by many listeners to be the band's best album.

They then fired Paul Baloff and replaced him with Steve 'Zetro' Souza, and released two more albums, Pleasures Of The Flesh and Fabulous Disaster until signing to a major label and replacing Tom Hunting with John Tempesta. The band then released the album Impact Is Imminent, which was considered a disappointing album compared to Fabulous Disaster. Rob McKillop was replaced with Michael Butler and the band then released Force Of Habit. The songs on this album were a little slower than their previous songs. After touring for this album, Exodus broke-up as thrash metal was becoming less popular.

Gary Holt and Rick Hunolt reformed Exodus in 1997 and brought back members Tom Hunting and Paul Baloff, as well as adding new member Jack Gibson. They played shows throughout the year and released a live album called Another Lesson In Violence, and broke up again in 1998.

The band reformed again in 2001 with the same members as the previous reunion. Paul Baloff died from a stroke in 2002. Some people believed Exodus would break up again because of this. Instead, Steve Souza was invited to rejoin the band, and they released the Tempo of The Damned album in 2004 with his vocals.

Over a year, three members were replaced. Steve Souza left the band whilst they were touring in South America and was replaced with Rob Dukes. Rick Hunolt left to concentrate on his family life and was replaced with Lee Altus. Tom Hunting left due to nervous problems that made him leave in 1989 after the Fabulous Disaster album, and was replaced with Paul Bostaph.

Their first album since these replacements was Shovel Headed Kill Machine, in 2007, Paul Bostaph left and Tom Hunting returned to the band again, before releasing another album, The Atrocity Exhibition...Exhibit A. In 2008, the band re-recorded the songs from the Bonded By Blood album and released them on an album called Let There Be Blood. In 2010, the band released their next album, Exhibit B: The Human Condition.

Steve Souza has recently replaced Rob Dukes after his departure in 2014, becoming their frontman indefinitely. With this lineup, the band released the Blood In Blood Out record in 2014. They are currently touring the world, with the end date scheduled at 11/26/16.






Aozora Bunko

"Aozora Bunko" has digital copies of many out-of-copyright books.
Project Gutenberg is similar to "Aozora Bunko".
"Aozora Bunko" was established in 1997.

In 2006, "Aozora Bunko" became a public policy advocate for freely accessible e-books.



Prunus japonica

Prunus japonica (also "Cerasus japonica") is a shrub in the genus Prunus. It is also called Korean cherry, Flowering almond or Oriental bush cherry. It is used for ornamental use. Its range goes from Central China through to the Korean peninsula. "P. maximowiczii", the Miyama cherry is also often called Korean cherry.

The shrub reaches 1.5 m by 1.5 m. Its flowers are hermaphrodite. They are pollinated by insects. The plant blossoms in May. Its fruit reaches about 14 mm. It is used in making pies.

Every fruit has one seed. The plant usually grows from seed.

The leaves of this plant procure a green dye, while the fruit procures a greenish to grayish dye.

There are several varieties:

Delta Force

1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta (1st SFOD-D) is a special forces unit of the United States Army. They are a highly secretive, highly elite unit that take part in very dangerous missions including counter-terrorism, hostage rescue, direct action, and more. Delta Force is highly elite in that it is not a unit that just anyone can apply for. Delta Force recruits primarily from the Army Special Forces (aka the Green Berets) and the 75th Ranger Regiment, themselves already elite special operations units. 

Basal ganglia

The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are three areas under the cerebral cortex. They are part of the cerebrum (forebrain), and connected to the midbrain and the thalamus. They are vital to movement, and damage here results in damaged ability to move. 

The three areas are:

The range of behaviours controlled by the nuclei is wide. They control eye movements. They do voluntary motor control, learning procedures for routine behaviors or "habits", and cognitive emotional functions. 

The basal ganglia also control motivation. They select actions, that is, the choice of what to do at a given time. Experimental studies show that the basal ganglia inhibit (suppress) a number of motor systems. A release of this inhibition lets a motor system act. This "behaviour switching" is influenced by signals from many parts of the brain, including the prefrontal cortex, which plays a key role in doing things.

The basal ganglia form one of the basic components of the forebrain, and can be recognized in all species of vertebrates. Even in the lamprey (one of the most primitive vertebrates) striatal, pallidal, and nigral elements can be identified by their anatomy and histochemistry.


William H. Seward

William Henry Seward (May 16, 1801–October 10, 1872) was an American politician. He was the 12th Governor of New York, and later a United States Senator. He was also the United States Secretary of State for two presidents, Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson. He was very much against slavery. He was an important person in the Republican Party when it was starting. Many people thought he would be nominated by the Republican Party to run for President of the United States in 1860, but that did not happen.

On the night that President Abraham Lincoln was killed, someone also tried to kill Seward. For the rest of his life, Seward had scars on his face from the attack. Later, the man who attacked him was caught and put to death.

When Seward was Secretary of State, he arranged for the United States to buy Alaska from Russia. People made fun of him for doing that. They called it "Seward's Folly". When asked what he thought was the most important thing he did as Secretary of State, Seward said "The purchase of Alaska—but it will take the people a generation to find it out".

Rosalind Franklin

Rosalind Franklin (Notting Hill, London, 25 July 1920 – London, 16 April 1958) was a British biophysicist. She was known for helping to discover the structure of DNA. Rosalind Franklin was about 15 years old when she knew that she wanted to become a scientist. She attended St. Paul's Girls' School and then continued school at Newham College in Cambridge. At Newham College she got a Ph.D in physical chemistry. She worked on coal, studies of RNA, and viruses. She was one of the first people to do X-ray crystallography on DNA. She also spent several years working in Paris studying crystals. [3] She discovered the size, shape, and arrangement of molecules. She dedicated her life to discovering more about molecules. 

In 1951, she moved to London. She joined a group of scientific researchers at King's College. Her assignment was to take pictures of DNA. She looked at the structure and function of DNA in the pictures. This job was very difficult because technology was simple at that time. During this job, Franklin worked with a man named Raymond Gosling. He was also trying to photograph the DNA. Franklin also had to work with Maurice Wilkins. The scientists had many arguments, but Franklin kept working. Instead of working with Wilkins, Franklin liked to work with Gosling. She created X-ray pictures that showed that DNA is shaped like a double helix.

In 1951, Franklin presented her idea about the shape of DNA at a conference. A biologist named James D. Watson went to her conference. Watson and Francis Crick were biologists. They were also studying the shape of DNA. They were building 3D examples of the helix shape.  

Watson and Crick used Franklin's work in their work to discover the structure of DNA. Their final model was presented in 1953. They did not say that Franklin's thoughts helped them complete their work. She also discovered the structure of the tobacco mosaic virus a couple of years before she died.

Franklin died from ovarian cancer in 1958. Nobel Prizes are not awarded after a person's death, so she was not considered for the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. It was awarded to Francis Crick, James D. Watson and Maurice Wilkins. 

Echo and Narcissus

Echo and Narcissus is a story from Ovid's book of poetry, "Metamorphoses", about a young man named Narcissus and Echo, the mountain nymph, or Oread, who fell in love with him.

Zeus had given Echo the task of entertaining his wife Hera with stories, in order that he might have time to slip away with nymphs. Hera was known for her jealous and vengeful nature. Always suspicious of Zeus, she thought Echo was the object of his affections. She cast a spell on the unfortunate nymph - from this day forward Echo would only be able to repeat the last words addressed to her and never speak her own words again. 

Narcissus, a hunter from Boeotia, got separated from his hunting companions one day in the woods. Echo feeling pitiful because of her curse, had been wandering those same woods. The moment she saw Narcissus walking through the forest, she fell in love with him and his breathtaking beauty. But because of Hera's curse, she was unable to tell him, so she followed the boy and waited for him to speak. Eventually, Narcissus began to call for his companions. Echo eagerly stepped out of the trees and repeated the words. A confusing and repetitive exchange ensued, ending with Narcissus shouting to his companions that they should come together. Mistaking this for an invitation, Echo repeated his words and leapt towards Narcissus. However, at that moment, Narcissus decided he'd rather die before letting a wood nymph have him, and pushed her away. Echo, heartbroken, ran away and hid in a cave, not eating or sleeping, just pining for Narcissus. 

After some time, Echo began to grow thin from starvation until her body withered away entirely into dust, leaving nothing but her voice. To this day Echo's voice still calls back from caves and labyrinths, repeating the last spoken words forever.

Nemesis, the goddess of revenge, punished Narcissus for not accepting the unrequited love of Echo. Nemesis caused him to fall in love with his own reflection he saw in a pool near the cave where Echo had died. Narcissus refused to leave the reflection of himself and, like Echo, starvation was going to claim him. But not before he cried out to his reflection: "Farewell, dear boy. Beloved in vain.". Echo's voice repeated "farewell" from the cave and Narcissus died by the bank of the pool. 

And thus ends the story of Echo and Narcissus. 

Laplace's equation

Laplace's equation is a partial differential equation, of the second order. It is named after Pierre-Simon Laplace, an 18th century mathematician who first described it. One of the uses of the equation is to predict the conduction of heat, another to model the conduction of electricity.

Gene Tierney

Gene Eliza Tierney (November 19, 1920 – November 6, 1991) was an American actress. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She starred in several movies including “The Shanghai Gesture” (1941) "Heaven Can Wait", "Laura", "Leave Her to Heaven", "The Razor's Edge", "The Ghost and Mrs. Muir", "Whirlpool", "The Mating Season" and "The Left Hand of God".

Tierney was born on 19 November 1920. She was born into a wealthy Brooklyn family. On a family vacation she toured the Warner Brothers studio and was spotted by director Anatole Litvak. After a screen test she was offered a contract. But her father disapproved of her becoming a Hollywood actress. He finally approved of her acting on the Broadway stage if she would first make her society debut. She played several bit parts before again being noticed by Hollywood. She had a brief contract with Columbia Pictures but returned to Broadway. Her first break was in the play "The Male Animal" as a college cheerleader. This time 20th Century Fox wanted to sign her to a contract. They allowed her creative control over her parts and she could return to act on Broadway every year.

She played a newspaperwoman in love with an outlaw (played by Henry Fonda) in the Western "The Return of Frank James". She was then cast in a variety of roles before getting top billing on her own. Her first lead role came in the movie "Heaven can Wait" also starring Don Ameche. She then starred in the Film noir "Laura". This was followed by a second film noir, "Leave her to Heaven". Starring with Tyrone Power, she played the female lead in "The Razor's Edge". Also appearing with Victor Mature and Ona Munson 

After her marriage to Howard she did only two more films before retiring. Tierney's autobiography was published in 1979. As an actor she had been a heavy smoker, probably to lower her voice. On 6 November 1991 Tierney died of emphysema in Houston, Texas. She is buried in Glenwood Cemetery in Houston, next to her husband, W. Howard Lee. 


Thalamus

The thalamus is a symmetrical structure in the brains of vertebrates. It is between the cerebral cortex and midbrain.

It relays sensory and motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and regulates consciousness, sleep, and alertness.

The thalamus sits above the hypothalamus, and below the cerebral cortex. It is a collection of nuclei with various functions. It acts as a relay station, gathering sense information of all kinds (except olfactory) and passes it on to the cerebral cortex.

There are action systems for several types of behaviour, including eating, drinking, defecation, and copulation. These behaviours satisfy short-term needs, and are called 'consummatory' behaviours.

The thalamus has many functions. First of all, it acts as a relay station, or hub. It relays information between subcortical areas and the cerebral cortex. In particular, every sensory system except smelling has a thalamic nucleus that receives sensory signals and sends them to the related areas in the cortex. For example, for sight, inputs from the retina are sent to the thalamus, which in turn sends them to the visual cortex in the occipital lobe.

The thalamus is believed to process sensory information as well as to relay it: each of the main sensory relay areas gets strong feedback from the cerebral cortex. 

The thalamus also plays an important role in regulating states of sleep and wakefulness. Thalamic nuclei have strong connections with the cerebral cortex. These circuits are believed to be involved with consciousness. The thalamus plays a major role in regulating arousal, the level of awareness, and activity. Damage to the thalamus can lead to permanent coma.

The thalamus has a role in the basal ganglia system but this is poorly understood. The thalamus has been thought of as a "relay" that just forwards signals to the cerebral cortex. But research suggests that thalamus is more selective. Many different functions are linked to regions of the thalamus. This is the case for most sensory systems (except the olfactory system), such as the auditory, somatic sensory system, visceral, eating and visual systems. There specific lesions cause specific sensory deficits. A big role of the thalamus is to support the motor and language systems. Much of the circuitry for these systems is shared with the thalamus. The thalamus is "functionally connected" to the hippocampus. This is part of the hippocampal system which is crucial for human episodic event memory.

The information for motor control is a network involving the thalamus as a subcortical motor center. In the brains of primates, the thalamus provides the specific channels from the basal ganglia and cerebellum to the cortical motor areas. In an investigation of the eye movement motor response in three monkeys, the thalamic regions were found to cause antisaccade eye-movement. That is the ability to inhibit the reflexive jerking movement of the eyes in the direction of a presented stimulus. They still look in the direction of the stimulus, but do so in a more controlled manner.

Recent research suggests that the mediodorsal (MD) thalamus may "amplify the connectivity (signaling strength) of just the circuits in the cortex needed for the current context. This helps the flexibility (of the mammalian brain) to make complex decisions by wiring the many associations on which decisions depend into weakly connected cortical circuits". Researchers founds that "enhancing MD activity magnified the ability of mice to "think". This lowered by more than 25 percent their error rate in deciding which conflicting sensory stimuli to follow to find the reward".

In short, the thalamus helps to make mammals more effective at making decisions and living in their natural environment.

The thalamus is a key area which is involved in what is known as the "half-second delay". This is a perceptual illusion which has only recently been discovered. The discovery is as follows: we perceive events in the world as instantaneous. They happen when we see (hear, sense) them happening. But the processing of visual signals at least is what the thalamus does. Experientially, we see events happening (so we think) without any delay. But in reality "it takes half a second for the brain to organise the data" which comes in from, let us say, vision. But we do not sense that half-second delay at all. Our perception of events is that we see them as they happen.

All this applies to consciousness and conscious behaviour. Automatic responses to sudden pain happen instantaneously (bare foot on a pin for example). But they are actually perceived a moment later.

Saint Vitus (band)

Saint Vitus is an American doom metal band. Many consider Saint Vitus to be an influential doom metal band which helped start the genre in the late 1970s and early 1980s, along with their contemporaries Pentagram, Witchfinder General, Trouble and Candlemass.

Saint Vitus formed in Los Angeles, California in 1978. Their original lineup was Scott Reagers (vocals), Dave Chandler (guitarist), Mark Adams (drums) and Armando Acosta (drums). Saint Vitus was known as Tyrant until 1980, when they changed their name to their current name Saint Vitus, which was inspired by the song "St. Vitus' Dance" by Black Sabbath, a band they have cited as one of their major influences.

Around 1983, Greg Ginn of Black Flag signed Saint Vitus to his label SST Records and the band managed to record their first album, which is self-titled. It came out in 1984, and later that year, the embarked on their first-ever tour with Black Flag, another band that Saint Vitus is influenced by and would latercover their song "Thirsty and Miserable" for their 1987 EP with the same title. Their second album "Hallow's Victim" and the "The Walking Dead" EP were both released in 1985.

Saint Vitus experienced their first lineup change when Scott "Wino" Weinrich replaced Reagers on vocals in 1986. They would achieve moderate success with the next three albums, including "Born Too Late", which has been cited as their best-selling release, but they were never able to become a popular band. Weinrich eventually left the band in 1991 to focus on the reunion of The Obsessed, which was his band before he joined Saint Vitus. He was replaced by Chritus Linderson, who sang on "C.O.D." (1992), the sixth Saint Vitus studio album, before he left the band.

In 1994, Saint Vitus reunited with their original singer Scott Reagers. With him, the band recorded their seventh studio album "Die Healing" (1995) and then broke up in 1996. The band reunited twice, in 2003 and 2008, with the "Born Too Late" lineup. After 31 years in the band, Acosta left Saint Vitus in 2009 and was replaced by Henry Vasquez. This new incarnation recently completed a new album, entitled "Lillie: F-65", which was released on April 27, 2012.

Saint Vitus' full-length studio albums include:


Their other recordings include "The Walking Dead" and "Thirsty and Miserable" EPs (released in 1985 and 1987 respectively), the live album "Live" (1990) and the compilation album "Heavier Than Thou" (1991).

Chris Gayle

Christopher Henry Gayle (born 21 September 1979) is a Jamaican cricketer. He played for the Worcestershire Country Cricket Club, the Western Warriors, and the Kolkata Knight Riders. He now plays for the Royal Challenger Bangalore in the Indian Premier League. In the Big Bash League, he represents the Sydney Thunder. In the Bangladesh Premier League, he represents the Barisal Burne. He plays for Kings XI Punjab in Indian Premier League.

Fates Warning

Fates Warning is an American progressive metal band. They formed in 1982 and are from Hartford, Connecticut. Many people say they are pioneers. Fates Warning gained fame in the 1980s and was ranked as one of the early "flagship bands of progressive metal" along with Queensrÿche and Dream Theater, who are both credited for creating, developing and making that genre popular.

Fates Warning is not only known for their music, but they are known to have made many changes to their lineup (members). Their original lineup consisted of vocalist John Arch, guitarists Jim Matheos and Victor Arduini, bassist Joe DiBiase, and drummer Steve Zimmerman. From 1982 to 1996 — and temporarily in 2010 — Matheos and DiBiase remained as the only original members of the band, with Matheos being the only constant member. Fates Warning now consists of Matheos on guitar, Ray Alder on vocals and Joey Vera on bass. Bobby Jarzombek has been their drummer since 2007, but only plays live with them.

Fates Warning has released a total of ten studio albums. Other than the studio albums, they have released two live albums, one compilation album, one VHS, three DVDs (each of them features live concerts) and four demo tapes. Their two first albums were not very successful. Their next album, "Awaken the Guardian", became a mainstream success and peaked at number #191 on the "Billboard" 200. It became the first album released on their label Metal Blade to enter that chart. Despite the departure of original singer John Arch, Fates Warning's popularity continued to grow with their next three albums, "No Exit" (1988), "Perfect Symmetry" (1989) and "Parallels" (1991); the first two peaked at #111 and #141 on the "Billboard" 200 respectively. Fates Warning has not released an album since 2004's "FWX". They have been working on a new one, which they plan to release in 2012.

Their full-length studio albums include:

Flush

Flush has several meanings:



Concepción Province, Chile

The Province of Concepción () is one of the 4 provinces in the Biobío Region, with capital based in Concepción, part of the Greater Concepción conurbation.

Psychological warfare

The term psychological warfare is used to describe methods that military use in war-time. We may understand it as an attempt to influence the behavior/beliefs of enemy armed forces and/or foreign civilian populations. Psychological warfare has many similarities with propaganda messages.

The term "pychological warfare" has always been considered problematic and offensive. The use of military power is increasingly not any more on the level of an local armored conflict, but on the global basis using mass media. The NATO uses the term "psychological operation" (PSYOP).

People are trying not to use the term "psychological warfare". They would rather use terms like "stabilisation" or "satisfaction".

Psychological warfare has mostly been introduced in the second world war. Both Axis Powers and Allied used it.




Ranidae

The Ranidae or true frogs can be found in most countries except Antarctica. The true frogs can be found in North America, northern South America, Europe, Asia, Madagascar, Africa, East Indies, New Guinea, and Australia. The bullfrog is the largest true frog in North America. Usually, true frogs are smooth, moist-skinned frogs, with large, powerful legs and have webbed feet. The smallest true frogs are the Wood frog ("Rana sylvatica"). The largest is the Goliath frog ("Conraua goliath"). True frogs are semi-aquatic frogs. They live near water.

Subfamilies included under Ranidae are the following. Some are sometimes treated as separate families:



Black Butler

Black Butler is a manga series by Yana Toboso. The manga started in 2006. 

In Victorian era London, the butler Sebastian Michaelis takes care of his 12 year old master, Ciel Phantomhive. Ciel is the earl of the aristocratic Phantomhive family, which is well-known in England for be the Queen's Guarddogs. Ciel's parents were killed in arson when he was 10 years old. He made a deal with a demon (which is in fact his butler Sebastian) to help him get revenge on his enemies. The demon butler can have his soul in return.

A radio drama was released on CDs on August 10, 2007 and November 26, 2008. The anime was first shown in October 2008. The English version is produced by Funimation. Two musicals are based on the manga called "That Butler, Friendship" and " Musical Black Butler, The Most Beautiful Death in The World, A Thousand Souls and The Fallen Grim Reaper". A video game called "Black Butler: Phantom & Ghost" was released in 2009. 

The manga has printed over 10 million copies in Japan. A music distributor in Japan took a poll of anime characters that people would like to marry. The demon butler Sebastian was included in the final results.

Australian green tree frog

The Australian green tree frog (green tree frog in Australia, White's tree frog, or dumpy tree frog), "Litoria caerulea", is a species of tree frogs. They live in Australia and New Guinea. 

The green tree frog was imported onto ships to the United States and New Zealand. The species belongs to the genus "Litoria". The species magnificent tree frog ("Litoria splendida") and the giant tree frog ("Litoria infrafrenata") are similar to the green tree frog. The green tree frog is the largest frog in Australia. It can reach to 10 centimeters (4 inches) in length. 

The average lifespan is about sixteen years, if kept captive. Green tree frogs are easy to take care of. They are okay with living near human buildings. They are often found on windows or inside houses. The green tree frog screams when it is in danger. It does this to scare off animals that have threatened them. The green tree frog squeaks when it is touched. The green tree frog is known as the most recognizable frog in Australia. This is because of how the frog looks like and because of its behavior in its habitat. It is also a popular exotic pet throughout the world. The frog's skin has antibacterial and antiviral protections. Their skin may be useful for medication in treating patients in the future.

The green tree frog is one of many tree frog species of the genus "Litoria". They are native in Australasia. The common name of the species is "White's tree frog". The species were named after John White. He first described the species in 1790. The green tree frog was the first frog to be classified in Australia. The specimen of the green tree frog was collected by Sir Joseph Banks. It was destroyed during the German bombing of the Hunterian Museum during World War II. The museum was located at the Royal College of Surgeons in London.

The green tree frog was first called the "blue frog" ("Rana caerulea"). The original specimens White sent to England were damaged by the preservative and looked blue. The color of the frog is caused by blue and green pigments covered in a yellow layer. The preservative destroyed the yellow layer. It left the frog looking blue. The word "caeruela", which means blue in Latin, is part of the green tree frog's scientific name. The frog is also more known as the "green tree frog". However, that name is often given to the larger green tree frog ("Hyla cinerea") in its region.

The green tree frog can reach 10 centimeters (4 inches) in length. The frog's color depends on the temperature and the color of its environment. The green tree frog can be brown or green. The frog's mouth is white. The frog may have small, white-shaped spots on its back. At the end of its toes, it has large discs. This gives the frog the ability to climb. The eyes are golden. The fingers of the frog have webbed feet for swimming. The tympanum membrane can be seen on the frog. 

The green tree frog looks similar to the magnificent tree frog ("Litoria spendida"). This frog is native to north-western Australia. The magnificent tree frog has large patrotoid and rostral glands on the head. The giant tree frog ("Litoria infrafrenata") is also sometimes confused with the green tree frog. The giant tree frog has white stripes. These stripes are on the edge of the frog's lower jaw. The green tree frog does not have these stripes.

The appearance of the green tree frog tadpole changes during its development. The tadpole can reach from 8.1 millimeters (after it has hatched) to 44 millimeters. The tadpole is brown, but it later changes to green during its development. The underside of the tadpole is dark. It changes to white when the tadpole is an adult frog. The eggs are brown, in a clear jelly. They are 1.1–1.4 millimeters in diameter. 

The green tree frog has lungs. They absorb oxygen through their skin. For this to happen, their skin has to be moist. However, their skin can get infected by pathogens. Pathogens will live on the frog's skin. This makes them sick. The frog will then grow peptides. These will destroy the pathogens. The skin of the Green Tree Frog has caerins. Caerins is a group of peptides with antibacterial and antivirial protection. It also has caerulins. The caerulins have physiological effects. The CCK-8 is a digestive hormone and hunger suppressant. Several peptides from the skin of the green tree frog have been found to destroy HIV without harming healthy T-cells.

The green tree frog is native to northern and eastern parts of Australia. They are also native to southern New Guinea. In New Guinea, the green tree frog lives in the drier area of the country. The frog can be found from Irian Jaya to Port Moresby. It also can be found on Daru Island. There has been records of the frog found in northern New Guinea. However, it is thought that they were introduced there by humans. The International Conservation Union (IUCN) believes the frog is in "scattered locations" in both New Guinea and Indonesia.

The species has been introduced to the United States and New Zealand. The frog can be found in the US state of Florida. It is believed that they were introduced through pet trade. There are only small populations in Florida. It is unknown if they have caused any ecological damage. In New Zealand, there were large populations of the green tree frog. However, there have been no sightings since the 1950s.

Green Tree Frogs are easy to take care of. They are active at night. During the day, they will rest near a place where it is cool, dark, and moist. In the winter, green tree frogs do not make calling sounds. They are also not seen that much.

Depending on their location, green tree frogs will live in several habitats. They are found in the canopy of trees. They are also found near slow-moving waters. They can also live in swamps or in the grasslands in cooler climates. green tree frogs are known to live inside houses. They can be found in sinks and toilets. They can also be found on windows. They will also live in tanks, downpipes, and gutters. They like living in those places because they provide high humidity. The habitats can also be cooler than their environment. The frogs will be near downpipes and tanks during mating season. They do this because the tools will make their call louder.

The species' call is a low, slow "Brawk-Brawk-Brawk". They repeat it many times. For most of the year, they will call while being on top of something that is very high. These include trees and gutters. During mating season, the frogs will call near a place where there is water. They will stay there for a little while or forever. Like many frogs, green tree frogs call to attract a mate. They will also use their call to warn other frogs that they are near. The green tree frog will make a stress call whenever they are in danger.

The green tree frogs will eat insects and spiders. However, they can also eat smaller frogs and even small mammals. The frog's teeth are not made for cutting up their prey. This means that the prey has to fit inside their mouths in order for the frog to eat it. Many frogs will stick out their tongues at prey. The green tree frog's tongues, as with many frogs, are very sticky. The prey will be stuck and will be eaten. The green tree frog will use their tongues on small prey. For larger prey, they will jump on top of it and force it into their mouths using their hands.

The frog has a few predators. They include snakes, a few species of lizards and birds. Dogs and cats have also been known to catch and eat Green Tree Frogs. The green tree frog can live up to sixteen years, if kept captive. But some have been known to live for over twenty years. The average life expectancy in the wild is lower than being captive. This is because of predation.

The green tree frog is one of the most popular pet frogs in the world. This is because of its submissive behavior and long life expectancy. It is also a popular pet frog because it looks like a cartoon frog. It is also one of the easiest frogs to take care of. Their diet are not expensive. They also have a strong resistance to diseases. Overfeeding the frog is a common problem with pet owners. The green tree frog tends to become obese when it is overfed. In the wild, the frog's energy is needed for the frog to catch its prey. However, in captivity, they are given live food. They are also housed in comfortable habitats. This makes the frog lazy because it does not have to do any activities. When the frog is inactive, it will gain weight. An overweight green tree frog will have fat layers on top of the head and body. This gives it a "dumpy" look. This is why some pet owners call the green tree frog the "dumpy tree frog".

According to the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, the green tree frog is protected in Australia. The IUCN lists the frog as "least concern". It is listed as "least concern" because the green tree frog can be found in many places. The Green Tree Frog's population is not declining.

Some of the green tree frog's natural habitats have been destroyed. Some Green Tree Frogs have been found to be infected with chytrid fungus. This causes chytridiomycosis. The population of the green tree frog in Australia is declining. However, because of the long life expectancy of this species, it will take longer for the frog to be an endangered species.


Tympanic membrane

The tympanic membrane, also called an eardrum, is a thin membrane that separates the external ear from the middle ear in humans and other animals. It moves sound from the air to the ossicles inside the middle ear. The malleus bone bridges the gap between the eardrum and the other ossicles.

Viperinae

The Viperinae, or Viperines, are a subfamily of venomous Vipers in Europe, Asia and Africa.There are 12 genera and 66 species in this subfamily. Most are tropical and subtropical, although one species, the Vipera berus, even lives within the Arctic Circle.

Members of this subfamily range in size from the Namaqua Dwarf Adder, that grows to a maximum of 28 cm, to the Gaboon Viper that reaches a maximum length of over 2 m. Most species live on land, but a few, such as Atheris, live in trees.

The Viperinae are found in Europe, Asia and Africa, but they are not found in Madagascar.

Most of the members of this subfamily are viviparous (ovoviviparous), meaning they give live birth, although a few, such as the Persian Horned viper, lay eggs.


National Hot Rod Association

The National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) is a drag racing governing body, which sets rules in drag racing and holds events all over the United States and Canada. With over 80,000 drivers, the NHRA is considered one of the largest motorsports organizations in the world.

The association was started by Wally Parks in 1951 in the State of California to provide a governing body to organize and further the sport of drag racing. The first national NHRA event was held in 1955, in Great Bend, Kansas. (The races were run on a training air field built during World War II.) The "Nationals", which now number 22 events every year, are the major events in drag racing that bring together the best cars and drivers from across North America. The Mac Tools U.S. Nationals are now held at Indianapolis Raceway Park in Clermont, Indiana. 

The NHRA forces racers to use various things in the cars run in its racing events to keep drivers safe. First is the five point safety harness (belt) that all cars must have. This holds the driver secure in the seat and has with a quick-release lock, which can be opened in less than a second if the driver needs to leave the car due to fire or explosion.

Second are the fire suits that all drivers must wear. These suits are full body cover-alls and made with seven layers of Nomex fire-resistant fabric. 

Third is the use of the Head and Neck Support (HANS) device. This device limits the moving of the head and neck in the event of a collision and has been required within the NHRA since 2004.

Fourth is the high-strength metal shield that must be placed behind the head of all Top Fuel drivers. This is to prevent any material from entering the cockpit and striking the driver. This is needed because the engine is behind the driver in Top Fuel cars.

Fifth is the on board fire control system that all cars must have. These systems are directed onto the engine itself and start when the engine catches fire, reducing the chance for the car to completely catch fire. This has been in place on all cars beginning in 1983, when an engine explosion and fire came very close to killing then-Funny Car driver Mike Dunn.

Sixth is the roof escape opening that is in place on all Funny Cars since the division was made in the early 1970s. This opening allows Funny Car drivers a safe means of escape during an engine fire rather than falling out of the car between the frame and body.

Seventh are the long bars at the end of all cars, also known as ""wheelie bars"". These prevent the car from turning over during the rapid start of the race. 

The drive tires of the cars, which are called "slicks" because there is no tread on them, are made from a much harder compound so that the tires are resistant to failure. The tires are not allowed to be inflated under for any race at any time.

Cars in the Funny Car class must have fire-proof engine blankets around the engine block to contain material in case of an engine explosion.

Before the late 1980s, people could station themselves up to the guardrails so they could be closer to the action. After several rather accidents on track, where people have been hurt or killed, people are no longer allowed within of the guardrail.


Enbun

, also known as Embun, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Bunna" and before "Kōan". This period started in March 1356 and ended in March 1361; The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Coldplay discography

The discography of British rock band Coldplay has nine studio albums, four live albums, one compilation album, ten extended plays, twenty-nine singles, two promotional singles and thirty-two music videos. As of 2009, Coldplay has sold over 55 million records. They are one of the best-selling music artists worldwide.

2010 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2010 Stanley Cup Final was the best-of-seven NHL championship series of the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was between the Western Conference champion Chicago Blackhawks and the Eastern Conference champion Philadelphia Flyers. It was Chicago's eleventh time in the Final. The last time was in 1992 with a loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins. It was Philadelphia's eighth time in the Final. The last time was in 1997 with a loss to the Detroit Red Wings. Chicago beat Philadelphia four games to two to win their fourth Stanley Cup.

Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews won the Most Valuable Player. He was the first Blackhawks player to win this honor.

Barred antshrike

The barred antshrike, "Thamnophilus doliatus", is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is found in the Neotropics from Tamaulipas, Mexico, through Central America, Trinidad and Tobago, and a large part of South America east of the Andes as far south as northern Argentina, Bolivia and Paraguay. There is one record from southern Texas as well. The barred antshrike has many different songs and calls for contacting, such as crow-like cawing "arrrr" or a slow "hoo-hoo".


Great Britain Olympic football team

The Great Britain Olympic football team (also known as Team GB) represents the United Kingdom in international football competitions at the Olympic Games. The selection is currently limited to players under the age of 23.

In 1974 the difference between amateur and professional players was found therefore the Team GB Football team was disbanded.

The Olympic football team has been reformed, again run by the FA, for the 2012 Olympic Games, which are to be hosted in London. The team's coach is Stuart Pearce who will be allowed to select players from across the UK.The SFA are worried that if Team GB field a team in the Olympics Great Britain will field a team in other international competitions.
GB have won the Olympic Football competition s times in 1900 1908 and 1912

Olympic rings

The Olympic rings are the official symbol of the Olympic Games. The design was created by Baron Pierre de Coubertin in 1913. The rings on the right represent the union of the five inhabited continents and the meeting of athletes from around the world at the Olympic Games. The rings were first used at the Olympic Games Belgium in 1920.

The 5 colours of the rings are blue, black, red, yellow and green. It's a common misconception that the colours represent specific continents. For example, that blue represents Oceania, black Africa, red The Americas, yellow Asia and green Europe. In fact, the five colours were chosen so that in combination with the white background, they could produce the colours of all national flags worldwide.

Litoria

Litoria is a genus of Hylidae tree frogs. They are native to Australia, the Bismarck Archipelago, the Solomon Islands, New Guinea, the Lesser Sunda Islands, the Moluccan Islands, and Timor.

The following species are or were once recognised within the genus "Litoria" (many others have been moved to "Nyctimystes" and "Ranoidea"):



Magnificent tree frog

The magnificent tree frog or splendid tree frog ("Litoria splendida") is a species of tree frogs. They are native to Australia in the Northern Territory and Western Australia. They were first found in 1977. They are related to the White's tree frog.


White-lipped tree frog

The white-lipped tree frog ("Litoria infrafrenata") or the giant tree frog is a species of tree frogs. They are the largest tree frog in the world. They are native to Northern Queensland, New Guinea, the Bismarck Islands and the Admiralty Islands. They are related to the White's Tree Frog. The Giant Tree Frogs eats insects and other arthropods. They can live up to 10 years in the wild. In Australia, they can be kept as pets. Australians must have a license to have them.



Medium (TV series)

Medium is an American television crime drama series. It was created by Glenn Gordon Caron and ran from January 3, 2005 until January 21, 2011. It stars Patricia Arquette as Allison DuBois, a medium for the Phoenix, Arizona district attorney's office. She is a married mother of three daughters and uses her psychic abilities to help the police to solve crimes.

Jamestown, North Dakota

Jamestown is the ninth biggest city in North Dakota. It is the tenth largest city by area in North Dakota. It had a population of 15,849 at the 2020 census.

Hartford

Hartford might mean:



21 (album)

21 is the second studio album by English singer Adele. It was released on January 19, 2011. It sold 208,000 copies in the first week it was released. It went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart. In the fourth week that "21" had been number one Adele sang "Someone Like You" at the 2011 BRIT Awards. Amazon.co.uk reported that the album increased in sales by 890% an hour after Adele's performance.

It has sold over 20,000,000 copies worldwide as of May 2012. The singles "Rolling in the Deep", "Someone Like You", and "Set Fire to the Rain" have all reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. "21" has won many Grammy Awards including Album of the Year.

"21" has sold over 11.648 million copies in the United States alone and is the best-performing album in "Billboard" history.
Tracks taken from US iTunes Store.


The Buggles

The Buggles were an English musical duo. It had Trevor Horn on vocals, bass guitar and guitar and Geoff Downes on keyboards. They have been most known for their 1979 debut single "Video Killed the Radio Star" that was #1 on the singles charts of sixteen countries. The music video was the first to be shown on MTV in the United States of America at 12:01 on 1 August 1981.

Following the poor success of their second album, "Adventures in Modern Recording", the group broke up in 1981.

Horn and Downes first met in the mid 1970s, at auditions for Tina Charles' backing band, and worked with her producer, Biddu, whose backing tracks had inspired their early work. Trevor Horn said that the group was originally planned to be named "The Bugs": "The Bugs were studio insects—imaginary creatures who lived in recording studios creating havoc. Then somebody said as a joke that The Bugs would never be as big as The Beatles. So we changed it to The Buggles."

The Buggles' first hit, "Video Killed the Radio Star", was released in September 1979 and was the 444th number one in the UK charts, spending one week at the top, as well as reaching number one on the singles charts of fifteen other countries Hans Zimmer worked for "Video Killed the Radio Star, and makes a brief appearance in the video.

Downes and Horn worked on their second album, "Adventures in Modern Recording". As originally intended, "I Am a Camera" was brought to completion as a Buggles song under its original title. However, Downes left the group during the recording of the album to form the band Asia with former Yes bandmate Steve Howe. Horn completed the album with a lot of new songwriting partners and musicians. "Adventures in Modern Recording" was released in late 1981, but five singles released from the album ("I Am a Camera", "Adventures in Modern Recording", "On TV", "Lenny" and "Beatnik") were not as successful as "Video Killed the Radio Star", resulting in the end of The Buggles.



Crossover thrash

Crossover thrash, also known as punk metal or simply crossover, is a form of thrash metal. It is a mixture of punk and metal.

Bands associated with the crossover genre include:

Excel (band)

Excel is a crossover thrash band from Venice, California. The band was formed in 1983 by singer Dan Clements and guitarist Adam Siegel. Excel was influenced by street art and known for painting graffiti on the streets of the cities where they played their shows.

Excel was also known for jumping on stage with other bands from Venice such as No Mercy, Beowülf, Suicidal Tendencies (with whom Excel are very close friends) and Cryptic Slaughter, and sometimes with other thrash metal bands like Testament and Overkill.

Excel has released three studio albums, three split albums, five demos, three singles and two live albums. They broke up in 1995. Their first two albums, "Split Image" and "The Joke's on You", were reissued in 2001 with bonus tracks, and in August 2009, they released a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours in Europe and Los Angeles and published them on their MySpace page. Excel announced a reunion in January 2012.

Their full-length studio albums include:

Suicidal Tendencies

Suicidal Tendencies is a hardcore punk band, which started in 1981 in Venice, California. Since their start, they had a lot of members come and go. Their lead singer Mike Muir is their only permanent member. They are credited by many as one of "the fathers of crossover thrash". Today, Suicidal Tendencies have released nine studio albums, one EP, four split albums, five compilation albums, and two long-form videos. They have not released an album of original material since 2000's "Free Your Soul and Save My Mind". But they released a small number of new songs that had not been released before on the split/compilation albums "Friends & Family, Vol. 2" (2001), "Year of the Cycos" (2008), "No Mercy Fool!/The Suicidal Family" (2010) and "The Mad Mad Muir Musical Tour" (2011).

Suicidal Tendencies became well known when they released their self-titled debut album in 1983. It spawned the single "Institutionalized", which was one of the first hardcore punk videos to get substantial airplay on MTV. Suicidal Tendencies had not released their second album until 1987, with "Join the Army". It was the album that got the attention of Epic Records, who signed Suicidal Tendencies in 1988, the same year they released their third album "How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today". People began to recognize Suicidal Tendencies more when they released the albums "Controlled by Hatred/Feel Like Shit...Déjà Vu" and "Lights...Camera...Revolution!", which were both certified Gold by the RIAA. The band made two more albums, "The Art of Rebellion" and "Suicidal for Life", and then broke up in 1995 while serving ties with from Sony and Epic. However, Suicidal Tendencies reformed in 1997 and have continued recording and performing ever since. After over a decade of work and many lineup changes, the band is planning to release first album with all-new material in 12 years in 2012.

They made ten studio albums, one EP, four split albums, five compilation albums, and two long-form videos.





Ash-throated antwren

The ash-throated antwren ("Herpsilochmus parkeri") is a bird in the antbird family. The first species was found in northern Peru in 1983.

Antbirds do anting. The bird rubs ants (or other arthropods) on the feathers before discarded or eating them. While this has conventionally been considered a way to remove and control feather parasites

Yapacana antbird

The Yapacana antbird ("Myrmeciza disjuncta") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, and Venezuela. The species was named by Friedmann, in 1945.

Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.


Ōan

, also romanized as Ō-an, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Jōji" and before "Eiwa." This period started in February 1368 and ended in February 1375. The pretenders in Kyoto were and The Southern Court rivals in Yoshino during this time were and .





Gérard Rozenknop

Gérard Rozenknop (born 23 January 1950 in Paris 19e), is a French aerospace engineer.
He was head of the French Civil Aviation University from the 6th of January 1999 to the 28th of November 2008.

Graduate from the "École Polytechnique" (1969) and the French Civil Aviation University (1972), he has done a career at the French civil aviation authorities and at the International Civil Aviation Organization before becoming head of the French Civil Aviation University.


Falęcin

Falęcin may be one of the following places:

Matthew

Matthew might mean:


The Night Before Christmas

The Night Before Christmas might mean:


Crotalinae

The Crotalinae, also known as the "pit vipers" or "crotaline snakes", are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in Asia and the Americas. There are 23 genera and 155 species which are known. 

They are the only vipers found in the Americas. Some of the snakes which belong in this group are the rattlesnakes, lanceheads and Asian pit vipers.

Pit vipers are unique because all share a common characteristic, This is a deep pit, or fossa, between the eye and the nostril on either side of the head. These pits are extremely sensitive infrared-detecting organs. They give the snakes a sixth sense to help them find and perhaps even judge the size of the small, warm-blooded prey on which they feed.

Pit vipers range in size from the hump-nosed viper, "Hypnale hypnale", which grows to around 30–45 centimetres (12–18 in), to the South American bushmaster, "Lachesis muta", which grows to 3.65 metres (12.0 ft). This is the longest venomous snake in the New World. Some pit vipers are arboreal (they live in trees), some are terrestrial, and one species is semi-aquatic: the cottonmouth, "Agkistrodon piscivorus".

This subfamily of snakes is found from eastern Europe, eastward through Asia to Japan, Taiwan, Indonesia, India, Nepal and Sri Lanka. In the Americas, they are found from southern Canada, southward to Central America to southern South America. Members of this group are found in deserts and rainforests.

Pit vipers are mainly viviparous, meaning the females give live birth. It is believed that all oviparous Pit vipers guard their eggs. Many young pit vipers have brightly coloured tails which is different to the rest of their body.


Zephir

Zephir may refer to:



Excel

Excel may refer to:


Guaviare River

The Guaviare is a river in Colombia. It flows into the Orinoco River.


Litovel

Litovel (; ) is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. There are some historical monuments like the Town hall or the Bridge of Saint John. In the town is brewery which makes beer with the same name as the name of the town.




Ohio Valley Wrestling

Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) is an American developmental professional wrestling promotion. It is based in Louisville, Kentucky. OVW was a part of the National Wrestling Alliance from its inception in 1997 until 2000. It then became the main company for World Wrestling Entertainment to train new talent. OVW remained in this role from 2000 until 2008. In November 2011, it became the official and current developmental territory for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. As of December 2011, over 100 people trained at OVW had appeared in WWE. OVW is now run by owner Danny Davis.


National Archives of Japan

The , also known by the acronym NAJ, is a Japanese public institution which preserves government documents and historical records.

The National Archives Law No. 79 (1999) established NAJ's core function of preserving government documents and records. 
Before the creation of the National Archives, there is almost no tradition of preserving "grey-area" records, such as records which show the process which led to the formation of a specific policy.

The National Archives became an Independent Administrative Institution on April 1, 2001.

Since 2005, the NAJ website has offered high-resolution images of some of its holdings, including those named as Important Cultural Properties of Japan.



Four temperaments

Four temperaments is a theory of psychology about personality. It suggests that there are four bodily fluids that affect human personality traits and behaviour. The temperaments are "sanguine", "choleric", "melancholy", and "phlegmatic".

Galen, a doctor from the Roman empire added characteristics to bodily fluids:

Galen thought that to cure illness you need to rebalance the fluids. If you, for example, have too much blood, you will need a remedy which is the opposite of warm and damp; something cold and dry.

A sanguine person is an energetic person. They are friendly, talkative, encouraging and creative. They like to be noticed by others and to have fun.

But they tend to forget things they are supposed to do and to be late for dates or appointments. If they feel that they are not appreciated, they can become depressed (sad). They tend to lose interest in new hobbies as soon as it is no longer a fun thing to do.

A choleric is a bossy, ambitious and critical person. They tend to be good leaders, but when they don't have power over everyone, they can get into a bad mood.

They can be bossy to people of the other temperaments. They are able to make good plans and do things well by not losing interest.

A melancholic or melancholy person is a thinker and perfectionist. They tend to prefer to spend time alone instead of being in social situations. They go by a schedule and are truthful (say what they mean). They can become depressed because of their perfectionist traits. They might suffer in silence and not complain. They are independent and able to do things for themselves. Melancholics can be creative in artistic areas such as poetry and music.

People tend to say "Melancholic" instead of "Melancholy". The term "Melancholic" in the incorrect way of saying one of these four traits.

A phlegmatic is a quiet, kind and peaceful person. They like giving and receiving affection, although they might be shy. They can be content to go along with situations as they are, instead of trying to change them. They may tend to be relaxed, lazy and not have a lot of energy.

Ida Rubinstein

Ida Lvovna Rubinstein 5 October 1885 – 20 September 1960) was a Russian ballerina, actress, personality and patron.

Rubinstein was born in Kharkov, or possibly St. Petersburg, into a wealthy Jewish family. She was orphaned at an early age. She had, by the standard of Russian ballet, little formal training. Tutored by Mikhail Fokine, she made her debut in 1908. This was a single private performance of Oscar Wilde's "Salomé", in which she stripped nude in the course of the "Dance of the Seven Veils".

Sergei Diaghilev took her with the Ballets Russes and she danced the title role of "Cléopâtre" in the Paris season of 1909, and Zobéide in "Scheherazade" in 1910. Both ballets were choreographed by Fokine, and designed by Leon Bakst. Her partner in "Scherazade" was Nijinsky. "Scherezade" was admired at the time for its racy sensuality, costumes and design. Its music is by Rimsky-Korsakov. For a long time the ballet was rarely performed. It is in the repertoire of the Mariinsky Ballet at present, and was performed by them in London 2011. Rubinstein left the Ballets Russes in 1911.

Bisexual, in 1911 Rubinstein began a three-year affair with the painter Romaine Brooks, who created a striking portrait. She used the dancer as a nude model for Venus.

After leaving the Ballets Russes, Rubinstein formed her own dance company. She had inherited money, and she used it to commission several lavish productions. In 1911 she performed in "Le Martyre de Saint Sebastien". The creative team was Fokine (choreography); Bakst (design); and score by Debussy. This was a triumph for its stylized modernism, and a scandal. The Archbishop of Paris prohibited Catholics from attending because St. Sebastian was being played by a woman and a Jew.

In the 1920s and 30s, Rubinstein appeared in a number of plays, and in Staat's "Istar" at the Paris Opera in 1924. Between 1928 and 1929, she directed her own company in Paris with Nijinska as choreographer. She commissioned and performed in Maurice Ravel's "Boléro" in 1928. Other works developed in 1928 were Massine's "David", with music by Sauguet; and "Le Baiser de la fée", with music by Stravinsky, and choreography by Nijinska. The repertoire also included The Firebird ("L'Oiseau de Feu") with music by Stravinsky, and choreography by Fokine; this had been one of the most sensational creations for the Ballets Russes. Her company was revived in 1931 and 1934, with new works. She closed the company in 1935, and gave her last performance in the play "Jeanne d'Arc au bûcher" in Paris, 1939.

Rubinstein often staged free ballet events and continued to dance until the start of the Second World War.

Rubinstein was not a front-rank ballerina; she began her training too late for that. She did have tremendous 'stage presence' and was able to act. She was also a significant patron, and commissioned works that suited her, works that mixed dance with drama and stagecraft. In 1934 the French government awarded her the Légion d'honneur, and then in 1939 the Grand Cross of the order, their highest honour. In 1935 she was awarded honorary French citizenship, and in 1936 she converted to Roman Catholicism.

In 1940 she left France and made her way to England via Algeria and Morocco. There she helped wounded Free French soldiers until 1944. She returned to France after the war. She lived finally at "Les Olivades" at Vence, where she died in 1960. She is buried nearby.

