Jeremy Shada

Jeremy Shada (born January 21, 1997, in Boise, Idaho, US) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his work as Finn the Human from the American animated television series "Adventure Time".

Jeremy Shada began acting at the age of seven soon after moving to Los Angeles with his family. He was inspired to act by his older brother Zack Shada, who had begun acting himself. Shada initially appeared in commercials. Later on, he began auditioning for voice acting and theatrical performances, taking the advice from a voice over agent. His first live action theatrical role was as Young Kurt Diamond in No Rules. He has since appeared in additional live action and voice acting roles, such as playing Charlie Pace in childhood flashbacks on "Lost". 

In 2009, Jeremy Shada's agent approached him with the idea of auditioning for the role of Finn. Both recognized that Zack Shada had been the original voice of Finn in the pilot episode of Adventure Time three years before. After viewing the pilot on YouTube, Shada matched his voice with the voice of Zack Shada in auditions with Adventure Time's creator Pendleton Ward and the show's producers, earning him the Finn role. In 2012, Shada joined the cast of Nick Cannon's comedy sketch "Incredible Crew". In June 2012, to promote "Incredible Crew"'s 2013 premiere, Cartoon Network released a music rap video titled "Running Errands with My Mom" which features Shada performing and rapping the lyric. The video has since generated over one million views. 

Because of his acting schedule, Shada was homeschooled. Answering fan questions on his Facebook page, Shada indicated that he graduated from high school early in May 2013.

Teresita Reyes

Teresita Reyes (born February 4, 1948) is a Chilean actress.


Isabella Acres

Isabella Acres (born February 21, 2001) is an American actress who played Rose on "Better Off Ted".

Acres was born in Atlanta, where she discovered her love for acting in children's theater. She then relocated to Los Angeles. Acres' little sister, Ava, is also an actress.

Acres is best known for her series regular role as Rose Crisp on "Better Off Ted", the seven-year-old daughter of Ted (Jay Harrington) who is often the most mature person at his home and workplace. The show's first season finished in August 2009, with a second picked up for January 2010.

Acres also appeared on an episode of "Monk" in 2007, and single episodes of "The Mentalist" where she plays Patrick Jane's (Simon Baker) daughter and on the hit television show "Hannah Montana". Acres was nominated for Best Performance in a TV Series, Guest Starring Young Actress at the Young Artist Awards 2009 for her performance in "The Mentalist".

She currently can be seen in the recurring role of Soleil Friedman in the second season of the Fox television series "Touch".

Chapman Pincher

Harry Chapman Pincher (29 March 1914 – 5 August 2014) was an Indian-born British journalist, historian, and novelist.

Pincher was born on 29 March 1914 in Ambala, Punjab. His father was from Britain and his mother was American. Pincher studied at Darlington Grammar School and King's College London.

Pincher wrote a series of books on supposed KGB spies in the West, mostly members of the British ruling class whom he believed were traitors in the service of the KGB. Among these were Roger Hollis, former head of MI5, and Harold Wilson, twice Prime Minister in the 1960s and 70s.

Many of these ideas had come from James Jesus Angleton, former CIA counterespionage chief. Angleton's career ended when his many allegations were not supported with appropriate evidence. Among his more outrageous claims was that Canadian Prime Ministers Lester Pearson and Pierre Trudeau were agents of the Soviet Union.

Another source was Peter Wright, a former assistant director of MI5. The British Government tried to prevent the publication of Wright's own "Spycatcher" (1987), which covered much the same ground as Pincher's "Their trade is treachery". Wright had published in Australia, and the Australian court case ran on for years with no success. In the event, nothing was proved against Hollis, who was the main target of "Their trade is treachery". Later British Prime Ministers stated that Hollis was a loyal servant of the Crown, and that a great injustice had been done to him by the Pincher and Wright books.

Pincher died on 5 August 2014 at the age of 100.

Margot Kahl

Margot Inge Kahl Pingel (born January 9, 1961 in Puerto Varas) is a Chilean engineer and television presenter.

John S. McCain Sr.

John Sidney "Slew" McCain Sr. (August 9, 1884 – September 6, 1945) was a United States Navy admiral. He held several command assignments during the Pacific campaign of World War II. His son was John S. McCain, Jr. and his grandson is John McCain.

McCain, Sr. was born on August 9, 1884 in Carroll County, Mississippi. He studied at the University of Mississippi and at the United States Military Academy at West Point. McCain, Sr. was married to Catherine Davey Vaulx from 1909 until his death in 1945. They had one child. McCain died on September 6, 1945 in Coronado, California from a heart attack, aged 61.


Our Lady of La Vang

Our Lady of La Vang was a reported Marian apparition (a supernatural appearance of the Virgin Mary) in Vietnam. The appearance was reported at a time when Catholics were being persucted and killed in Vietnam. In Vietnamese she is called ' or '. 

Modern scholars believe the name came from a plant in the area ("La" means "leaf" and "Vang" means "herbal seeds"). Others believe the name came from a Vietnamese word that meant "crying out" as if the Vietnamese Catholics at that time were "crying out" to God for help. Some believe the name came from the rainforest's name La Vang.

Fearing the spread of Catholicism, Emperor Canh Thinh banned the practice of Catholicism. Soon thereafter the emperor made an anti-Catholic edict which made the practice of Catholicism punishable by death. Many Catholics sought refuge in the rainforest of La Vang in Quang Tri Province. While hiding in the rainforest, the small community would gather every night at the foot of a tree and pray. One night, an apparition surprised them. In the branches of the tree, a lady dressed in the traditional Vietnamese dress (ao dai), holding an infant in her arms with two angels beside her, appeared. The people who witnessed this apparition said that the lady and the infant was the Virgin Mary and the infant Jesus. They said that the lady comforted them and told them to boil the leaves from the tree for medicine to cure the illness.

In 1802, many of the Catholics went back to their villages, spreading the story of the apparition. Soon, many people came back to the site to offer incense and to pray. In 1820, a chapel was built. From 1830- 1885 another wave of persecutions decimated the Catholic population. The chapel of Our Lady of La Vang was destroyed and in 1886 a new chapel was built.

There is no official recognition from the Vatican for this as a "Marian apparition". Although there is no official recognition, Pope John Paul II publicly recognized the importance of Our Lady of La Vang and expressed a desire to rebuild the La Vang Basilica to honor the 200th anniversary of the first apparition.

Naples (disambiguation)

Naples is a city in Campania, Italy.

Naples might also mean:

Nicolas Berejny

Nicolas Berejny (born 27 June 1968) is a skier from France. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the first skier to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. He was the third skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. Because he cannot see, Gregory Nouhaud was his guide and told him where to when going down the mountain.

Chris Williamson

Chris Williamson (born 5 May 1972) is a skier from Canada. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the second skier to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. He was the second skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. He was the third skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super Combined race. He was the third skier to finish in the slalom race. Because he cannot see, Robin Femy was his guide and told him where to when going down the mountain. He also skied in the 2010 Winter Paralympics and was the fourth skier to finish the Giant Slalom, the sixth skier to finish the Slalom and the sixth to finish in the Super G, Visually Impaired. Nick Brush helped him down the mountain.like how Robin Femy did.

Ignacio Gutiérrez

Ignacio Gutiérrez (born 1976 in Constitución) is a Chilean journalist and television presenter.

Vincent Gauthier-Manuel

Vincent Gauthier-Manuel (born 6 April 1986) is a skier from France. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the second skier to finish in the standing men's downhill race. He was the second skier to finish in the men's standing Super-G race. He was the first skier to finish in the men's standing Super Combined race and the slalom race.

Our Lady of Good Health

Our Lady of Good Health is the name given to an apparition of the Virgin Mary believed to have appeared in the town of Vailankanni, Tamil Nadu, India. She is also known as Our Lady of Vailankanni and Holy Mother of Good Health. Her name in the Tamil language is (Arokia Matha).

The Feast day of Our Lady of Good Health is on the same day as the birthday of the Virgin Mary (September 8).

Although there is no written record of these three events, the oral tradition is that there were three apparitions. Two were during the 16th century and one in the 17th century.

The first apparition was in the town of Vailankanni, Tamil Nadu. It is said that a Hindu boy was resting under a banyan tree near a pond. While he was resting, a woman with an infant on her hand came to him and asked him for milk. The boy agreed and ran off to get the milk. When he came back, he apologized for his lateness and the reduced amount of milk due to an accident when he was coming back with the milk. However, on inspection the boy found the pot of milk to be full and was convinced a miracle happened. Together a man, also a Hindu, and the boy went back to the pond where the apparition had occurred. Again, the Lady appeared with her child. On learning that it was the Virgin Mary and the infant Jesus who appeared to the boy, the residents of the local Roman Catholic community became ecstatic and renamed the pond "" (Our Lady's Pond).

Later towards the end of the 16th century, it is believed the Virgin Mary appeared to a crippled boy (and also a son of a widow) in a place called Thittu, once again in the same town of Vailankanni. The boy is said to have offered buttermilk to the Virgin Mary and then he was cured of his illness. The boy was then commanded by Mary to tell a Catholic gentleman in the nearby town of Nagapattinam. The first shrine was built by this Catholic gentleman.

The third appearance of the Virgin Mary was in the 17th century. A Portuguese merchant vessel was sailing from Macau in China to Colombo in Sri Lanka. When the vessel was sailing, it was caught in a storm in the Bay of Bengal. The sailors vowed to build a chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary if they could reach land safely. The legend claimed that the sea became quiet and they reached safety on the shore of Vailankanni on the Virgin Mary's birthday, September 8. Because of their vow to the Virgin Mary, the Portuguese sailors put up a chapel at Vailankanni by transforming the last small shrine built by the last Catholic gentleman.

Vanessa Aguilera

Vanessa Nathaly Aguilera Castro (born October 31, 1989 in Temuco) is a Chilean singer, songwriter and actress.


Thomas Pfyl

Thomas Pfyl (born January 1, 1987) is a skier from Switzerland. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the third skier to finish in the standing men's downhill race, Super-G race, and the Super Combined race.

Akira Kano

Akira Kano (狩野 亮 Kanō Akira?) (born March 14, 1986) is a skier from Japan. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the first skier to finish in the sitting men's downhill race.

Taiki Morii

Taiki Morii (森井 大輝 Morii Taiki?) (born July 9, 1980) is a skier from Japan. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. He was the first skier to finish in the Giant Slalom race, and was the second skier to finish in the sitting men's downhill race and the Super-G race.

Robin Femy

Robin Femy (born 19 October 1989) is a skier from Canada. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Chris Williamson. They were the third skiers to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. They were the second skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. They were the third skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super Combined race. They were the third skiers to finish in the slalom race.

Gregory Nouhaud

Gregory Nouhaud (born 26 August 1982) is a skier from France. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Nicolas Berejny. They were the first skiers to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. They were the third skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. 

Miguel Galindo Garcés

Miguel Galindo Garces (born 1981) is a skier from Spain. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Jon Santacana Maiztegui. They were the second skiers to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. They were the first skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race, the Giant Slalom race and the Super Combined race. They were the second skiers to finish in the slalom race.

Quarantine

Quarantine is where animals, people or an area of land are isolated to prevent the spread of disease or pests. Countries often stop animals and plants from being brought in from elsewhere, unless they are known not to carry a disease.

The word "quarantine" comes from "quarantena", the Venetian language meaning "forty days". This is because of the 40-day isolation of ships and people practiced as a measure of disease prevention related to the plague.

It is different from medical isolation, which is for people who have been infected with the disease.

The quarantining of people often raises questions of civil rights. Quarantine can have bad psychological effects on the quarantined. These include post-traumatic stress disorder, confusion and anger.

Self quarantine (or self-isolation) is a term that became popular during the COVID-19 pandemic, which spread to most countries in 2020. Citizens were either encouraged or forced by law to stay home to lower the spread of the disease. Some countries went into lockdowns as a form of quarantine.

On 1 April 2020, more than 280 million people, or about 86% of the population, were under some form of lockdown in the United States, 59 million people were in lockdown in South Africa, and 1.3 billion people were in lockdown in India.



Jakub Krako

Jakub Krako (born July 7, 1990) is a skier from Slovakia. He has a disability: he cannot see things. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. He was the second skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super Combined race and the Giant Slalom race. He was the first skier to finish in the slalom race. Because he cannot see, Dusan Simo was his guide and told him where to when going down the mountain.

Takeshi Suzuki

Takeshi Suzuki (鈴木 猛史 Suzuki Takeshi?) (born May 1, 1988) is a skier from Japan. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the first skier to finish in the sitting men's Super Combined race and in the slalom race. He was the second skier to finish in the Giant Slalom.

Periyar E. V. Ramasamy

Erode Venkata Ramasamy (17 September 1879 – 24 December 1973), also called Periyar, Thanthai Periyar or E. V. R. by his followers, was an Indian philosopher, politician, independence and social activist. He started the Self-respect Movement or the dravidian Movement and proposed the creation of an independent state called Dravida Nadu, uniting the states of South India. He was also the founder of the socio-cultural organization, Dravidar Kazhagam. Periyar started his weekly magazine, "Kudi Arasu" to express his views against the Congress party and Mahatma Gandhi.

Periyar was born in Erode, Madras Presidency in a rich family. At a young age, he witnessed many incidents of racial, caste and gender discrimination. Periyar married when he was 19 and had a daughter who lived for only 5 months. His first wife, Nagammai, died in 1933. He always protested against young women getting married to much older people. Periyar, when he was 72, married for a second time, Maniammai who was 32 at the time in July 1948. His second wife, Maniammai, continued Periyar's social work after his death in 1973, but Dravidar Kazhagam was still spreading his thoughts and ideas.
Periyar fought for the Tamil language, Tamil people, and for their rights until his death. He was against Brahmin for their caste and religious following. Periyar organized anti-Hindi protests in 1938, against introducing Hindi as a compulsory language of study in schools. Now in the present days, Periyar's followers are increasing all over the world among the Tamil people, due to their interest in Tamil language and history behind them.

Yohann Taberlet

Yohann Taberlet (born March 29, 1981) is a skier from France. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. He was the second skier to finish in the men's sitting slalom race and was the third skier to finish in the sitting men's Super Combined race.

Toby Kane

Toby Kane (born 30 December 1986) is a skier from Australia. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the third skier to finish in the standing men's slalom race.

Cyclone Viyaru

Cyclonic Storm Viyaru, formerly known as Cyclonic Storm Mahasen, was an active tropical cyclone. It passed over the Bay of Bengal. It threatened Myanmar and Bangladesh. Its origin was a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal. The low pressure area was created in the first week of May. Viyaru slowly developed. It became a depression on May 10 by almost remaining still. Gradually it gained speed on May 11 and became a cyclonic storm. It was the first storm of the season. At first the system's ultimate direction was not clear, but moved closer to eastern India. On May 14, the circulation of Viyaru turned northeastward.

Myanmar recommended a large evacuation in order to be prepared for the storm; however, for this reason people wanted to escape by boat. As a result, they made boats overcrowded, and one or more boats capsized. This killed at least eight people. The storm had extensive cloud mass, which brought unsettled weather to Sri Lanka, Thailand, and southeastern India. Severe storms in India and Sri Lanka killed 15 people and caused major damage. One person was killed in Thailand. 

The name "Mahasen" caused some argument from nationalists and officials in Sri Lanka. They claimed that the name Mahasen comes from a Sinhala king. He brought prosperity to the island. So naming a destructive force of nature after him would be improper. Sri Lankan authorities instead have not given the storm a name.

Cyclone Viyaru struck Southern Bangladesh on 16 May 2013. The speed of the wind was about 100 kph.

An area of convection first appeared on May 4. It slowly moved eastwards and organized into a low pressure area on May 8. A pulse in the Madden–Julian oscillation, together with a convective Kelvin wave allowed the system to develop. These oscillations also caused Tropical Storm Jamala to form. The JTWC later issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on May 10, after the system became more organized. The IMD upgraded it to a well-marked low pressure area. Later the same day, JTWC issued the first warning for the storm. JTWC designed it 01B, followed by the IMD upgrading the storm into a depression, and later into a deep depression.

As of 0830 IST (0300 UTC), 16 May 2013, Cyclonic Storm Mahasen was located near latitude 21°N and longitude 90°E, about south-southeast of Kolkata and southwest of Chittagong. The storm is forecast to maintain power. It is moving northeastwards. It is expected to cross the Bangladesh coast close to Chittagong by evening of 16 May. Sustained maximum surface wind speed is estimated at , gusting to . Estimated minimum central pressure is at 988 mbar. Dvorak intensity of the storm is at T2.5.



Thomas Nolte

Thomas Nolte (born June 13, 1984) is a skier from Germany. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the third skier to finish in the sitting men's slalom race.

Henrieta Farkašová

Henrieta Farkašová (born May 23, 1986) is a skier from Slovakia. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, slalom race, giant slalom race and super combined race. Because she cannot see, Natália Šubrtová was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Natália Šubrtová

Natália Šubrtová (born 1 May 1989 in Kežmarok) is a skier from Slovakia. She helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Henrieta Farkašová. They were the first skiers to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, slalom race, giant slalom race and super combined race.

Engineering tolerance

Engineering tolerance is the ability of a machine to cope with changes while still continuing to work. This includes changes to size, quality (for example, the smoothness of the surface), the outside world (for example, dampness or heat). When a machine is made the needed engineering tolerance is set to provide a balance between performance and the need to cope with the changes it may experience.

Melissa Perrine

Henrieta Farkašová (born 21 February 1988) is a skier from Australia. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, and the third skier to finish in the Super-G race and the Super Combined race. Because she cannot see, Andrew Bor was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Andrew Bor

Andrew Bor (born 14 April 1963) is a skier and ski coach from Australia. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Melissa Perrine. They were the second skiers to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, and the third skiers to finish in the Super-G race and the Super Combined race.

Alexandra Frantseva

Alexandra Frantseva (born 24 April 1987) is a skier from Russia. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the women's visually impaired Super-G race, Giant slalom race and Super Combined race, and the third skier to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race and slalom race. Because she cannot see, Evgenia Kolosovskaya was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Bioturbation

Bioturbation is the reworking of soils and sediments by animals or plants. It disturbs and changes sediment. Any animal living in the soil or on the bottom under water may disturb the sediment by moving it around. Burrowing, eating and defecation of sediment grains, building galleries (etc.) all disturb the sediment.

Common bioturbators include annelids ("ringed worms") such as oligochaetes, bivalves like mussels, clams, gastropods, holothurians. 

Fossil sites with bioturbation do not leave traces of soft-bodied animals. In contrast, fossil sites with undisturbed sediment have given rise to important lagerstätten with many impressions of small soft-bodied invertebrates.

Paradip

Paradip (also Paradeep) is a major seaport town in India. It is a designated notified area in Jagatsinghpur district of Odisha.

Paradip is located at . It has an average elevation of .


Para-alpine skiing

Alpine skiing is a winter sport. This sport has been adapted to the needs of people with a disability, and is called Para-alpine skiing. The sport started in Germany and Austria during and after the Second World War. The sport is governed by the International Paralympic Committee Sports Committee. The adaptations used include ski poles (outrigger skis), and a chair on a ski (sit-skis, and mono-skis). Para-alpines skiing types are Downhill, Super-G, Giant Slalom, Slalom, Super Combined, and Snowboard.

Para-alpine skiing classification is the order system for para-alpine skiing. It is designed to give equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical powers and vision. The ordering system is grouped into three general conditions of being unable: standing, unable to see, and sitting. A factoring system was made for para-alpine skiing. It lets the three classification groups fairly race against other people with the same type of disability. 

Alpine skiing was one of the sports at the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, with Slalom and Giant Slalom being raced. Different types of Alpine skiing were made to be at the Paralympic Games over time. The 2010 Winter Paralympics para-alpine skiing races were at Whistler Creekside. The race types at Whistler included Downhill, Super-Combined, Super-G, Slalom, and Giant Slalom.

Disability skiing started around the Second World War because many soldiers got hurt. In Germany, Franz Wendel, an amputee who was missing his leg, used pair of crutches to make short skis. Sepp "Peppi" Zwicknagel is an Austrian veteran who was wounded by a hand grenade and lost his leg. Zwicknagel learned to ski on his own and then became a ski instructor. He worked at Kitzbühel and created a division of the Austrian Ski Association for disability skiers. By 1947, disability ski races were being held in Austria. Next, Ludwig Guttman helped make ski events for people with disabilities. In the United States, Gretchen Fraser started teaching skiing to amputees in the army hospitals. By the 1960s, ski groups for people with disabilities were being made. Disability skiing was only for people with amputations until 1968. In 1969, blind skier Jean Eymore began a skiing program in Aspen, Colorado for skiers who cannot see. Eymore was ski instructor before he lost his vision. The first international competition, the World Disabled Alpine Championships, was held in France in 1974.

Standing alpine skiing was one of the first sports at the first Winter Paralympics in 1976. Slalom and Giant Slalom were the race types held. At the 1984 Winter Paralympics, the downhill event was added to the para-alpine program. Sit-skiing was an example sport in 1984. At the 1992 Winter Paralympics in Albertville, Canada, downhill, giant slalom and slalom events were on the Paralympic program. At the 1994 Winter Paralympics, Super Giant Slalom was raced. In 1998, sit-skiers and blind skiers could get medals. Before 1998, only standing skiers could get medals at the Winter Paralympics.

At the 2002 Winter Paralympics, women's downhill and men's unable to see downhill were on day 1. Men's standing and being seated downhill were on day 2. Men's standing and being seated Super-G was on day 3. Men's unable to see, and women's Super-G was on day 5. Men's standing and being seated Giant Slalom was on day 7. Women's and men's unable to see Giant Slalom was on day 8. Men's standing and being seated Slalom was on day 9. Women's and men's unable to see Slalom was on day 10.

At the 2006 Winter Paralympics, a new classification system was used. It made 14 classes into three groups and used factored results for each of the three groups. At the 2006 Games, there were 55 male competitors in the Super-G compared to 18 women in the standing group.

The 2010 Winter Paralympics para-alpine skiing race was at Whistler Creekside. The types of races at Whistler included downhill, Super-Combined, Super-G, slalom, and giant slalom. Super-combined was raced in 2010. It was the first time it was raced at the Paralympic Games. In the downhill races, there were 25 men and 18 women in the standing group, 25 men and 10 women in the seating group, and 12 men and 10 women in the cannot see the group. In the Super-Combined races, 18 men and 14 women for standing, 18 men and 10 women for being seated, and 10 men and 10 women for cannot see. The slalom race was the shortest racecourse for para-alpine events at the 2010 Games. The downhill was on day 2 for men and women skiers in all groups. The Super-G for men and women in standing classes was on day three cannot, anding seated skiers raced in the Super-G on day 4. The Super Combined races were on day 5 for all skiers. The standing Giant Slalom for men and women was on day 7. The being seated and cannot skiers raced on day 8. The slalom was for standing men and women was on day 9. The other skiers raced the slalom on day 10.

Para-alpine ski events held with skiers worldwide and skiers from specific countries include the Winter Paralympics, World championships World cups, Continental cups, National championships IPCAS competition, and IPCAS Para-Snowboard. Skiers from 39 different countries race in para-alpine skiing races. The sport is that one of eight given government by the International Paralympic Committee Sports Committee, with rules for para-alpine skiing put forth in the IPCAS Rules and Regulations. Special rules may be used for events like the Paralympic Games. One group of special rules was used in 1994 and were detailed in the IPC Handbook. This was used to make necessary IPC-sanctioned events like the Paralympic Games for many years. Competition rules for classes use rules put by or made an adjustment from rules made come into existence by the International Ski Federation (FIS). These rules were put at the 42nd International Ski Conference in 2000. The two rule groups worked in united ways with each other, with the FIS rules specifying the rules for alpine skiing and the IPC making ready adjustments for para-alpine skiing. The IPC Alpine Sports Assembly Executive Committee can decide if skiers have the necessary qualities to race in IPC sanctioned events without thought or attention to what the rules say. National Paralympic Committees can have their own rule for races they organize.

The first necessary things used in the sport includes outrigger skis, sit-skis, and mono-skis. Being dependent on if a skier sits, stands or cannot see, other necessary things may be used by skiers other equipment may be used by skiers including guide skiers, short ski poles, orthopedic aids, or prostheses. For skiers with seeing problems, guides are used to help the skier know the direction to ski. [10] For skiers who stand. Different part rules decide what sort of necessary things is let in competition, such as one long ski pole, two ski poles, zero ski poles, or one or two skis. Rules for necessary things use in competition are made by FIS and the IPC.

There are least long distance for skis used in competition is at least for men and for women. Bindings used for skis have a greatest point high level of .

Sit-skis are for wheelchair users or other skiers who have paraplegia. The first sit-ski was made in 1967 by Josef Shrall. Shrall is from the Bavaria in Germany. The first sit-skis had two wide skis, brakes, and were made special to fit a skier. The weight of the sit-ski made it so no skiers could ski moguls or on steep slopes. Sit-ski kept getting made better in the 1980s. A new type of sit-ski was made in Engelberg, Switzerland in 1987, and people were able to see it at a workshop made by the Swiss Association of Paraplegics. As the technology got better, a chair was made that could be added to the skis, made for skiers who had no disability. Now sit-skis are made from fiberglass and polyester. Sit-skis now have much less weight, allowing skiers to ski on steeper slopes and race in the moguls. Now sit-skis include seat belts. Sit-skis for people with disabilities and skis for people who do not have disabilities have improved to become special for different types of alpine skiing races.

Some standing skiers can use outrigger skis when racing. These are ski poles with small skis on the end. They help a skier balance when they ski down a mountain, and help in going short distances up a mountain. Outrigger skis also help skiers to do things like a climb a hill to get on a ski lift.

Guide skiers can see. They help skiers who cannot ski go down the mountain by telling the cannot see skier where to go using a radio or talking to them. Skiers can use more than one guide during a race type, but the guide can only win a medal if they raced with the same skier for the whole race type. Like the skier, the guide has to have an IPCAS Licence to compete in races. Guide skiers need to follow to anti-doping rules.

Skiers also wear special boots, helmets, ski suits, and goggles. Ski equipment cannot have advertisements on it at the Paralympic Games. Ski boots are made to connect to the ski at the heel and toe. They help support the foot and ankle with the use of materials like hard plastics. All helmets used in races must be hard-shell helmets.

Para-alpine skiing types are downhill, Super-G, Giant Slalom, Slalom, Super Combined and Snowboard. The rules are based on the rules of the International Ski Federation, though some rules have been adjusted for skiers with limited physical powers. While skiing, skiers go as quickly as an hour.

This is a go quickly based timed ski race, where skiers go over snow quickly down a sloping sharply direction that can be to lower than it started while having in it many turns and jumps. The first skier to finish is based on one run down the mountain, with the skier with the fastest time being the first. Skiers move between gates in the downhill. Downhill has the least number of gates among all para-alpine types. If a skier does not ski between the gates, they do not finish. Some ski races make a skier first show they are good enough to ski. They can make this be seen in the downhill or Super-G. Skiers can get points for competitions with skiers from other countries in races by International Ski Federation. Skiers can race in the downhill at the Paralympic Games.

Skis for women must be at least long. For men, skis must be at least long. Women and men's skis need a least possible or recorded straight line from middle to edge circle turn of . Skiers used curved narrow ski poles for this event. Men and women both need their skis to have a straight line from middle to edge circle of . Top speed in this event can be up to an hour. Before the start of the race, the skier needs to do a practice run, and need to wear a helmet to keep safe during all their runs. 

Made in the 1980s, the Super-G is less scientific with skiers going very fast. From top to bottom part of the mountain, skiers go down to high. Acomparison to other para-alpine sking types, this type has a tendency to be mid-length. It is longer than the Giant Slalom and the Slalom but shorter than the downhill type. In this type, skiers go quickly between alternating red and blue gates that are apart, with men needing to go between 35 gates and women needing to go between 30 gates. 

With a drop of to , this is one of the more need to be very correct when turning the para-alpine disciplines. This skiing type gets two runs down a straighter and shorter mountain than the downhill. It is longer and having fewer turns than the Slalom. After the first race down the mountain, the last 20% of finishers can be taken away from the competition at the authority of the judges. The starting order for the second run starts with the slowest of the top 15 skiers, with the fastest skier in the first race racing 15th. Any skiers who completed outside the top 15 then race based on their times from the first run. For example, the 18th fastest finisher in the first run skis 18th in the second run. In some competitions, an adjustment is made using 30 skiers instead of 15. The IPC/FIS run together make the rules for Slalom race. Giant Slalom is a race on the current Paralympic schedule. Skiers use straight ski poles in Giant Slalom.

The name for this race is from a Norwegian word that is "sloping footway." This event is the most complex ski discipline, with a drop of only to on an purposely iced mountain. This is the shortest of all the para-alpine race events and uses two different races with different directions down a mountain. Skiers go down each different race once, with their coming to an end position being marked based on their complete-time from both races. There are gates in this race, about 55-75 for men and 40-60 for women, and if a skier does ski between the gate, they are unable to finish the race because of the rules. After the first race, the last 20% of finishers can be taken away from the competition at the authority of the judges. The starting order for the second run starts with the slowest of the top 15 skiers, with the fastest skier in the first run skiing 15th. Any skiers who completed outside the top 15 then skiers race based on their times from the first run. For example, the 18th fastest finisher in the first run skis 18th in the second run. Skiers use straight ski poles in this race. In some competitions that need to show people you should be allowed to race in it, a skier can show they should be allowed to race using finish race times from downhill, Slalom, or Super-G. The IPC/FIS make the rules for Slalom. Slalom is a race on the current Paralympic schedule. Skiers often wear extra protective equipment when racing in slalom.

The Super Combined is a mix of two disciplines: Slalom and Super-G, or the downhill and the Slalom. In the event, skiers go down the downhill mountain race once and the Slalom mountain race twice. The three races are put together, with the fastest time for all three races being the skier who finishes first.

Snowboard has drops between and for both men's and women's races with the race being run over a distance of to . The race has alternating ski gates. The sport is only open to standing racers.

Para-alpine skiing classification is designed to give insurance equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical and seeing powers. The system of orders is grouped into three general conditions of being unable sorts: standing, unable to see, and sitting. The International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing is the boss of the classification. Skiers are put in order based on medical problems and their body position when they ski. Skiers cannot see are valued only on a medical doctors saying how bad their vision is. Prior to International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing being in charge, several sport groups handled classification. They included the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMWSF), International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) and Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). Some order systems are persons given organizations other than International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing. These order systems are not used in international competition. The sport is open to all competitors with a seeing or physical condition of being unable. It is not open to people with to do with intellectual disabilities.

The first order systems for para-alpine classification were made in Scandinavia, with early systems designed for skiers with amputations. At the time, there was no ski tools for skiers with spinal cord wounds. The purpose of the early order systems was to be made from able to use your body but ended up being medical order systems. At the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, there were two systems of classification for the sport. By the 1980s, skiers with cerebral palsy had a classification system. At that time, with inspiration from wheelchair basketball order, efforts were made to make order more of an ability to use the body classification system. Ten classes had existence by the 1980s. Since then, efforts have been made to make better the classification system by lowering the number of classes so fewer medals can be awarded.

A factoring system was made to come into existence for para-alpine skiing for three general groups: being seated, standing, and not seeing. Each group races against only people in the same group. A skier can finish in the top three for only seated, standing, or not seeing. People from one group do not race against other skiers in a different group. Inside each group, there is a wide range of ability to move and medical problems or see. Skiers are classed inside one of the three groups. The factoring system works by having a number for each class, where the results are worked out by increasing in number the look time by the factored number. The coming out number is used to decide on the one who came out best in events where the cause system is used. This means the quicker skier down a hill may not be the first event in events where the factor system is used. This means the faster skier down a hill may not be the winner of an event. The factor system is used at Alpine Cup, North American Races, European Cup, World Cup races, World Championships, and the Winter Paralympics.


European badger

The European badger ("Meles meles") is a species of badger. Its genus is "Meles". It is native to almost all of Europe. It is classed as Least Concern for extinction by the IUCN because of its wide distribution and large population.

The European badger is a social, burrowing animal. It eats a wide variety of plants and animals. It is very fussy over the cleanliness of its burrow, and defecates in latrines. It is known of European badgers that they bury their dead family members. Although they are ferocious when provoked, the European badger is generally a peaceful animal. It has been known to share its burrows with other species such as rabbits, red foxes and raccoon dogs. Although it does not usually prey on domestic animals, the species is sometimes reported to damage livestock through spreading bovine tuberculosis.


Outrigger skis

Outrigger skis are skis that are used by para-skiers to help with balance, turn, control their rate of motion, stop and make easier the direction of turns. They be different in size and level, and have different things. Being dependent on the total number of skis used by the skier (1 or 2), outrigger ski form is sometimes named "Three Track Skiing" or "Four Track Skiing". When falling, skiers are taught to move their arms to put a stop to falling on the outrigger ski and damaging themselves.

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (ICBC; ) is the largest bank in the world by profit and market capitalization. It is one of China's 'Big Four' state-owned commercial banks. The other three banks are Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, and China Construction Bank.
It was founded on January 1, 1984. At first it was a private company. It had assets of RMB 12.55 trillion (US$1.9 trillion). It also had over 18,000 outlets including 106 overseas branches and agents globally. In 2013, it was ranked number 1 on "Forbes" Global 2000 list of world's biggest public companies.

Nellaiappar Temple

The Swami Nellaiappar Temple () is a Hindu temple in the city of Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu, India. It is a the main centre of attraction in the city.

The Nellaiappar Temple is in the middle of Tirunelveli. It is surrounded by roads on all four sides. All the roads are filled with small stores, hotels and other small businesses. The other name for Tirunelveli is "Nellai", which is derived from the god of this temple "Nellaiappar", means the Protector of Nellai.

The Nellaiappar Temple was constructed by Nindraseer Nedumaran who reigned in the 7th century A.D. There is a flower garden in the centre of the temple. In the centre of the garden, there is a square vasantha mandapam with 100 pillars. It is said that this whole place used to be full of bamboo trees and was destroyed, and so inside the temple they still have some bamboo trees.

Cooling tower

Cooling towers are towers that are used to transfer waste heat to the atmosphere. Cooling towers may use the evaporation of water to remove heat and cool the working fluid to near the wet-bulb air temperature. They may also use only air to cool the working fluid to near the dry-bulb air temperature. Cooling towers are used in oil refineries, petrochemical plants and power stations, especially nuclear power stations. In a nuclear power plant, the cooling tower is isolated from the nuclear reactor by a heat exchanger, and the steam from the cooling tower is not radioactive. The cooling tower is usually the tallest and most visible part of a nuclear power plant, much taller than the reactor building or turbine hall. 

Gakkel Ridge

The Gakkel Ridge (formerly known as the Nansen Cordillera and Arctic Mid-Ocean Ridge) is a mid-oceanic ridge. It is located in the Arctic Ocean between Greenland and Siberia. It is a divergent tectonic plate boundary between the North American Plate and the Eurasian Plate. It is in length. Geologically, it connects the northern end of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge with the Laptev Sea Rift.

The existence and approximate location of the Gakkel Ridge were predicted by Soviet polar explorer Yakov Yakovlevich Gakkel. It was confirmed on Soviet expeditions in the Arctic around 1950. The ridge is named after him. The name was recognized in April 1987 by SCUFN (under that body's old name, the Sub-Committee on Geographical Names and Nomenclature of Ocean Bottom Features).


Autotransplantation

Autotransplantation is transplanting tissues from one part of the body to another part of the same person. Skin grafts are a common example. 

Another example: a piece of bone (usually from the hip) is removed and ground into a paste when reconstructing another portion of bone.


Xenotransplantation

Xenotransplantation (from the Greek "-" meaning "foreign"), is the transplantation of living cells, tissues or organs from one species to another.


Eddie Mabo

Eddie Koiki Mabo ( 29 June 1936 – 21 January 1992) was an Indigenous Australian activist from the Torres Strait Islands. He became well known for campaigning for indigenous land rights. In particular, he became famous for his role in an historic decision by the High Court of Australia in 1992, which overturned the idea that Australia was "terra nullius" (land belonging to nobody).

Mabo was born as Eddie Koiki Sambo. He changed his surname to Mabo when he was adopted by his mother's brother, Benny Mabo. He was born on Mer (Murray Island) in the Torres Strait between Australia and Papua New Guinea. He worked on a number of jobs before becoming a gardener with James Cook University in Townsville, when he was 31 years old. The time he spent on the university campus had a major impact on his life. In 1974, Mabo was surprised to learn that his family did not legally own the land they lived on. In a conversation with Noel Loos and Henry Reynolds, he learned that legally that land belonged to the Crown.

In 1981, a conference on land rights was held at James Cook University. Mabo made a speech to the audience where he explained the indigenous customary land inheritance system on Murray Island. One of the people who attended the conference, a lawyer, suggested they should make a case to claim land rights through the court system. A case was made, and took 10 years to reach a decision. Mabo died a few months before the decision. He died on 21 January 1992, of cancer at the age of 55.

Five months later, on 3 June 1992, the High Court overturned the legal doctrine of "terra nullius" - which was the term applied to the attitude of the British Empire towards land ownership on the continent of Australia. That decision is now commonly called "Mabo v Queensland" in Australia and is widely recognised for its importance. Later in 1992, Mabo was awarded the Australian Human Rights Medal for his work over many years to gain legal recognition for indigenous people's rights.

Three years after Mabo died, which is the traditional mourning period for the people of Murray Island, a memorial service was held in Townsville. Overnight, his grave was vandalised; it was spray-painted with swastikas and the word "abo" (a derogatory slang term for an Aboriginal person). His family decided to have his body reburied on Murray Island.



Cecilia Bolocco

Cecilia Carolina Bolocco Fönck (born May 19, 1965 in Santiago) is a Chilean television presenter, actress, model, fashion designer and former Miss Universe 1987 of italian and german origin. She is the older sister of Diana Bolocco.

Júnior Fernándes

Antenor Junior Fernandes da Silva Vitoria (born 4 October 1988 in Tocopilla) is a Chilean footballer of Brazilian descent who currently plays for Fußball-Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen as a striker.

He has been summoned to Chile national football team to face friendly matches during the second half of 2011 by team manager Claudio Borghi. He debuted in the national team on 11 September 2012, on a qualifying match for the 2014 FIFA World Cup against Colombia.


Johanns Dulcien

Johanns Alexander Dulcien Neira (born 26 March 1991) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División side Colo-Colo as an Attacking midfielder.


Peter Browne

Peter Browne (ca. 1594 1633) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" and a signer of the Mayflower Compact. In some records he was called Brown and others as Browne. He was baptized on January 26, 1594/5 in Dorking, Surrey, England. This was the same home town where William Mullins, another "Mayflower" passengers lived. Browne was a son of William Brown of Dorking. He had an older sister and four brothers.
Browne was around 25 when he boarded the "Mayflower" with the Mullins family. Unfortunately the Mullins family died shortly after they landed in the New World.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" saw land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other.

An interesting incident regarding Browne took place in January 1621 while the Pilgrims were building their settlement of Plymouth. On January 12 Peter Browne, John Goodman and others had entered the forest in order to find thatch for their roofs. Sometime around noon, Browne and Goodman wandered further into the forest while the other men stayed behind to bundle the thatch. They realized that Browne and Goodman were still in the forest and they went to the settlement and told the others. This caused about 10-12 men to search for them. As it happened, Browne and Goodman were eating lunch when their dogs starting chasing a deer and they were soon lost. According to records, they walked all that afternoon and were wet, and at night it got very cold. They had no weapons but had one sickle each. At night they thought they heard lions in the forest and climbed a tree for shelter. They stayed by the tree that night in case they had to escape to safety. The next day they finally climbed the highest hill they could find, were able to see where they were and were able to get back to the colony. Browne and Goodman finally arrived in Plymouth quite cold, frost-bitten, tired and hungry. This was the first time they had gone into the forest in the New England.

In the Plymouth settlement of 1620, the house of Peter Browne was near that of John Goodman and was close to the harbor on the south side of the village street.

In the 1623 Division of Land, as a single man, Browne received one “acre” of land near a brook. In that record, his name appears as “Peter Browen". Sometime after the Division of Land, he married the widow Martha Ford. She arrived in November 1621 on the ship "Fortune" as the only recorded woman on board.

By the time of the 1627 Division of the Cattle, Browne and his wife had a daughter Mary and was pregnant with another daughter, Priscilla.

Martha died about 1630, and Browne remarried and had two more children.

Brown became sick and died in 1633. He and his first wife were buried at Burial Hill in Plymouth.


Ross Turnbull

Ross Turnbull (born 4 January 1985) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Between 2002 and 2017 he made 148 league appearances for a number of clubs, notably Middlesbrough, Chelsea, Crewe Alexandra and Doncaster Rovers. He is a former England U19 international.

Chelsea

Individual

Football Champ

Football Champ is an arcade-style football video game. The game was developed by Taito in Japan. It was first released in arcades in 1990.

Bar-tailed godwit

The bar-tailed godwit ("Limosa lapponica") is a water bird. It is a large wader in the family Scolopacidae. It breeds on Arctic coasts and tundra mainly in the Old World, and winters on coasts in temperate and tropical regions of the Old World.

Its migration is the longest known non-stop flight of any bird and also the longest journey without pausing to feed by any animal.

The bar-tailed godwit migrates in flocks to coasts in East Asia, Alaska, Australia, Africa, northwestern Europe and New Zealand, where the sub-species "Limosa lapponica baueri" is called Kūaka in Māori.

In 2007 birds in New Zealand were tagged and tracked by satellite to the Yellow Sea in China. According to Clive Minton (Australasian Wader Studies Group) "The distance between these two places is , but the actual track flown by the bird was ". The flight took about nine days.This is the longest known non-stop flight of any bird. At least three other bar-tailed godwits reached the Yellow Sea after non-stop flights from New Zealand.

One female in the flock, nicknamed "E7", flew onward from China to Alaska and stayed there for the breeding season. Then on 29 August 2007 she departed on a non-stop flight from the Avinof Peninsula in western Alaska to the Piako River near Thames New Zealand, setting a new known flight record of .

Sandpiper

Sandpipers are a large family of waders or shorebirds, the Scolopacidae. They include many species called sandpipers, as well as those called by names such as curlew and snipe. 

Sandpipers are small birds with a longish pointed beak, and usually a rounded shape. Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud, sand or soil. Different lengths of bills allow different species to feed in the same habitat on the coast without direct competition for food.

Sandpipers have long legs, and narrow wings. Most species have a narrow bill, but otherwise the form and length are quite variable. They are small to medium sized birds, measuring cm in length. The bills are sensitive, allowing the birds to feel the mud and sand as they probe for food. They generally have dull plumage, with cryptic brown, grey, or streaked patterns, although some display brighter colours during the breeding season.

Most species nest in open areas, and defend their territories with aerial displays. The nest itself is a simple scrape in the ground, in which the bird usually lays three or four eggs. The young of most species are precocial.

Saint Helena plover

The Saint Helena plover ("Charadrius sanctaehelenae"), locally known as the wirebird, is a small bird (a plover) endemic to the island of Saint Helena.

The bird was first mentioned in 1638, and is the national bird of Saint Helena; it appears on the top half of the island's coat of arms. Some older coins of Saint Helena (before 1998) have the Wirebird on its reverse.

The Saint Helena plover is the only bird species endemic to the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena that is still living.

It is a small bird (length: 15 cm) with long and thin legs, like wires; because of that, the bird is known as "wirebird" in Saint Helena.

Kittlitz's plover ("Charadrius pecuarius") is the Saint Helena bird's closest relative; for some authors, the Saint Helena Plover is a subspecies of the Kittlitz's plover but most zoologists think that they are two different species.

The Saint Helena plover spends most of its time on the ground and does not fly frequently; it is most commonly found in pairs, or sometimes in small groups of young birds, looking for food (snails, beetles and other invertebrates) in grassland o in semi-desert areas.

Breeding takes place throughout the year, but mainly during the dry season, from late September to January. The nest is on the ground where they lay two eggs. After leaving the nest, the young birds move throughout the island in small groups.

The Saint Helena plover is endemic to the island of Saint Helena; it does not exist in any other place. Over the past 20 years, the species has used only of the whole island. The best places in the island to see them are Deadwood and Properous Bay Plains and Woody Ridge.

Saint Helena plovers like areas of land with grasses (pastures) that are at middle elevations, mainly in flat, dry areas with low plants.

Because of changes in the use of the land and the introduction of predators (rats, cats, dogs and other species), the number of individuals of the Saint Helena plover is critically low. A census carried out during 2005 and 2006 showed that this species had been reduced in about 40 percent in just five years to only 235 individuals. There has since been a small increase in numbers, however.

The Saint Helena plover is protected by law on Saint Helena since 1894, and several organisations work to conserve this species; one of the organizations helping to conserve this species is The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, which has a project named "Enabling the people of St Helena to conserve the St Helena wirebird", as part of the Overseas Territories Environment Programme of the UK.


The Good Dinosaur

The Good Dinosaur is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama adventure movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It was the studio's sixteenth movie. It was released on June 19, 2015. The movie was directed by Peter Sohn.


Jessica DiCicco

Jessica Sonya DiCicco (born June 10, 1980) is an American actress, singer and voice artist. She is perhaps best known for her voice acting in animated television shows and video games.

Dick Trickle

Richard "Dick" Trickle (October 27, 1941 – May 16, 2013) was an American race car driver. He raced for decades around the short tracks of Wisconsin, winning many championships along the way. Trickle competed in the ASA, ARTGO, ARCA, All Pro, IMCA, NASCAR, and USAC. In more than an estimated 2,200 races, Trickle logged one million laps and is believed to have won over 1,200 feature races.

Trickle was born on October 27, 1941 in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin. He was never married and had no children. Trickle died on May 16, 2013 after shooting himself with a gun at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Boger City, North Carolina.

Henrique Rosa

Henrique Pereira Rosa (16 January 1946 – 15 May 2013) was a politician from Guinea-Bissau. He was interim President of Guinea-Bissau from 2003 to 2005. 

Rosa was born on 16 January 1946 in Bafatá, Guinea-Bissau. Rosa handed over power to Vieira on 1 October 2005.

Rosa stood as an independent candidate in the Guinea-Bissau presidential election, 2009, finishing in third place.

On 15 May 2013, Rosa died at a hospital in Porto, in northern Portugal, after losing a nine month battle with lung cancer. He was 67 years old.

Paul Shane

Paul Shane (George Frederick Speight; 19 June 1940 – 16 May 2013) was an English comedian and actor, best known for his television work such as playing the part of Ted Bovis in "Hi-de-Hi!", a sitcom broadcast on the BBC in the mid 1980s.

Shane was born on 19 June 1940 in Thrybergh, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He was married to Dory Shane until her death in 2001. They had three children. Shane died on 16 May 2013 in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England from an illness, aged 72.


P. J. Carlesimo

Peter John "P. J." Carlesimo (born May 30, 1949) is an American basketball coach. Most recently he was the interim head coach of the NBA's Brooklyn Nets.

Carlesimo was born on May 30, 1949 in Scranton, Pennsylvania. He is the son of college basketball coach and athletic director Peter A. Carlesimo. Carlesimo studied at Fordham University. He is married and has two sons.

Thaler

The Thaler (or Taler or Talir) was a silver coin that was used throughout Europe for almost four hundred years. It was named after the "Joachimsthaler", a type of coin from the city of Joachimsthal (Jáchymov) in Bohemia. It is where the names "dollar" and "tolar" come from. The Thaler was first made in 1518. In Habsburg Spain and the Spanish Empire it was called "Peso". 

Ann Sheridan

Ann Sheridan (Clara Lou Sheridan; February 21, 1915 – January 21, 1967) was an American actress. She worked regularly from 1934 to her death in 1967, first in movie and later in television. Notable roles include "Angels With Dirty Faces" (1938), "The Man Who Came to Dinner" (1942), "Kings Row" (1942) and "I Was a Male War Bride" (1949).

Sheridan was born Clara Lou Sheridan on February 21, 1915 in Denton, Texas. She studied at the University of North Texas. 

Sheridan was married to Edward Norris from 1936 until they divorced in 1939. Then she was married to George Brent from 1942 until they divorced in 1943. Then she was married to Scott McKay from 1966 until her death in 1967. She had one son, Richard that she gave up for adoption, but later located him when she was in poor health. The father of Richard is not known.

Sheridan died on January 21, 1967 in Los Angeles, California from esophageal cancer and liver cancer, aged 51. She is buried at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery. 


Merian C. Cooper

Merian Caldwell Cooper (October 24, 1893 – April 21, 1973) was an American aviator, United States Air Force and Polish Air Force officer, adventurer, screenwriter, actor, movie director and producer. His most famous movie was the 1933 movie "King Kong".

Cooper was born on October 24, 1893 in Jacksonville, Florida. He was of English descent. Cooper studied at the Lawrenceville School. He was married to Dorothy Jordan from 1933 until his death in 1973. They had one son, Maciej Słomczyński. Cooper died on April 21, 1973 in San Diego, California from cancer, aged 79.

Merian Caldwell Cooper was born in Jacksonville, Florida. His father, John C. Cooper, was a lawyer. His mother was Mary Caldwell. He was the youngest of three children. When he was six, Cooper heard stories from the book "Explorations and Adventures in Equatorial Africa". After that, he thought he would like to see the world. He went to The Lawrenceville School in New Jersey and finished in 1911.

After finishing school, Cooper was accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy, This was a great honor. He was kicked out during his final year for "hell raising and for championing air power." In 1916, Cooper worked reporting the news. He worked for the "Minneapolis Daily News", where he met Delos Lovelace. Cooper also worked at the "Des Moines Register-Leader" and the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch."

Cooper joined the Georgia National Guard to capture Pancho Villa in Mexico in 1916. He finished military service in March 1917 to work for the "El Paso Herald". When he went back to the Georgia National Guard, he was chosen to be a lieutenant, but he said no to the offer. He then went to the Military Aeronautics School in Atlanta to learn how to fly planes. He finished school with high marks.

In October 1917, Cooper went to France with the 201st Squadron. He went to flying school in Issoudun. While flying, Cooper hit his head and became unconscious while falling in the air. He went to Clermont-Ferrand to train again, but this time as a bomber pilot. After that, he became a pilot on the 20th Aero Squadron. It became the 1st Day Bombardment Group.

Cooper was a DH-4 bomber pilot with the United States Army Air Service during World War I. His plane was hit on September 26, 1918. Cooper lived but had many injuries. When German soldiers found him, they took him to a prisoner hospital

Captain Cooper stayed in the Air Service after the war. He worked with Herbert Hoover's American Food Administration that helped Poland. He became a leader of the Poland division.

Cooper was the father of Maciej Słomczyński. Słomczyński was a Polish translator and writer. He took his step-father's name when his mother married. Cooper married film actress Dorothy Jordan on May 27, 1933. They kept their marriage a secret from Hollywood. A month later, journalists reported it. Cooper had a heart attack later that year. In the 1950s he supported Joseph McCarthy in his mission to root out Communists in Hollywood and Washington, D.C.

Cooper started Advanced Projects in his later life. He served as the head of the board. He wanted to explore new technologies like 3-D color television productions. Cooper died of cancer on April 21, 1973, in San Diego, California. His ashes were scattered at sea with full military honors.


Fay Wray

Fay Wray (born Vina Fay Wray; September 15, 1907 – August 8, 2004) was a Canadian-American actress. She is best known for playing Ann Darrow in "King Kong". Her acting career spanned 57 years, Wray received international renown as an actress in horror movie roles.

In 1989, Wray received the Women in Film Crystal Award. Wray received a "Legend in Film" award at the 2003 Palm Beach International Film Festival. For her contribution to the movie industry, Wray received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6349 Hollywood Blvd. She received a star posthumously on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto on June 5, 2005. 

A small park near Lee's Creek on Main Street in Cardston, Alberta, her birthplace, was named "Fay Wray Park". The small sign at the edge of the park on Main Street has a silhouette of King Kong on it, remembering her role in the film "King Kong". A large oil portrait of Wray by Alberta artist Neil Boyle is on display in the Empress Theatre in Fort Macleod, Alberta. In May 2006, Wray became one of the first four entertainers to ever be honored by Canada Post by being featured on a postage stamp.

Two days after her death, the lights of the Empire State Building were extinguished for 15 minutes in her memory.


Jon Hamm

Jonathan Daniel "Jon" Hamm (born March 10, 1971) is an American actor and director. He is known for his role as Don Draper in "Mad Men".

Hamm was born on March 10, 1971 in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at the University of Missouri. Hamm was partners with Jennifer Westfeldt from 1997 until 2015. Hamm is a Democrat. In 2023, he married actress Anna Osceola.


Kelly Gallagher

Kelly Gallagher (born 24 April 1987) is a skier from Northern Ireland. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the women's visually impaired slalom race. She was the third skier to finish in the women's slalom race. Because she cannot see, Charlotte Evans was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Charlotte Evans

Charlotte Evans is a skier from the United Kingdom. She helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Kelly Gallagher. They were the second skiers to finish in the women's visually impaired slalom race. They were the third skiers to finish in the women's slalom race. 

Andrea Rothfuss

Andrea Rothfuss (born 20 October 1989 in Freudenstadt) is a skier from Germany. She has a disability: she was born without a left hand. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish in the standing women's downhill race and the slalom race. She was the second skier to finish in the Super Combined. She was the third skier to finish in the Super G race and the Giant Slalom Race.


Frankenweenie (2012 movie)

Frankenweenie is a 2012 American 3D stop-motion animated supernatural comedy-horror family movie directed by Tim Burton. It stars Charlie Tahan, Martin Short, Catherine O'Hara, Martin Landau, Atticus Shaffer and Winona Ryder. It was nominated for many awards including the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. It was released on October 5, 2012. Roger Ebert gave the movie 3/4 stars. It is a remake of a 1984 short film by Burton. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures.

Marie Bochet

Marie Bochet (born February 9, 1994 in Chambéry) is a skier from France. She was 5 when she started skiing. She has a disability. She was the first skier to finish in the Giant Slalom race. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the standing women's downhill race and the Super G.

Bocket skiied in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia, where she won four gold medals.

Bergen (disambiguation)

Bergen is a city in Norway.

Bergen might also mean:


A Christmas Carol (2009 movie)

A Christmas Carol is a 2009 American 3D computer-animated fantasy comedy-drama Christmas movie. It was directed and written by Robert Zemeckis. It stars Jim Carrey, Gary Oldman, Colin Firth, Bob Hoskins, Robin Wright and Cary Elwes. The movie was released on November 6, 2009. It was based on the Charles Dickens book "A Christmas Carol". Roger Ebert gave it 4/4 stars.

Puss in Boots (2011 movie)

Puss In Boots is a 2011 animated movie. It is a spin-off of the "Shrek" franchise. It follows the character Puss in Boots, who first appeared in "Shrek 2". It is about his adventures before the events of "Shrek 2".

The movie was directed by Chris Miller, produced by Guillermo del Toro, and written by Brian Lynch. It stars Antonio Banderas as Puss in Boots, Zach Galifianakis as Humpty Dumpty, Salma Hayek as Kitty Softpaws, and Billy Bob Thornton and Amy Sedaris as Jack and Jill. Like the "Shrek" movies, this movie is a parody of fairy tales.

"Puss in Boots" was released on DVD, Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D on February 24, 2012. The movie has a short animation called "Puss in Boots: The Three Diablos". 7.2 million home entertainment units have been sold worldwide.

Another featured extra short is "Klepto Kitty"; a three-minute profile of Dusty the Klepto Kitty, a notorious cat in California who steals items from neighbors' yards. Some of it was filmed on a night vision kitty-cam, hung around Dusty's neck by the Animal Planet network for their own documentary.

A sequel titled "" was released on December 21, 2022.


Solène Jambaqué

Solène Jambaqué (born April 14, 1988) is a skier from France. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the third skier to finish in the standing women's downhill race and was the first skier to finish in the Super G race and Super Combined race.

Our Lady of La Salette

Our Lady of La Salette is a title given to the Virgin Mary who is believed to have appeared at the village of La Salette, France. The Marian apparition was reported by two children, Maximin Giraud, and Melanie Calvat. In French she is called "".

On 19 September 1846, Maximin Giraud and Melanie Calvat reported seeing the Virgin Mary weeping on Mount Sous-les Baisses. According to their account, the Virgin Mary continued to weep as she spoke to them, first in French, then in their own dialect. After the woman spoke to them, she vanished. The following day the children's account of the apparition was put into writing and signed by the children and those who had heard the story. 

When Maximin and Melanie made the woman's message public, it caused a sensation in the community. Soon thereafter, the bishop of Grenoble began to investigate the apparition. During the investigation, several accusations were made against the children. One of the accusations was that the apparition was just a young woman named Lamerliere. In 1851, the bishop said that the apparition was worthy of belief. This was the first step in approval by the Catholic church.

The visionaries sent two secrets to Pope Pius IX - one given to each of them, which they never revealed to one another. The Pope never made the two secrets public. However Melanie published the secrets in a pamphlet with the local bishop's approval. The Church condemned the published secret. Melanie, later in life, was known to have been disturbed by reading apocalyptic books and similar materials. 

John Paul II stated: As I wrote on the occasion of the 150th anniversary, "La Salette is a message of hope, for our hope is nourished by the intercession of her who is the Mother of mankind".

The message of the visionaries of La Salette focuses on the conversion of all humanity to Christ. Though La Salette's message is embedded in the bygone environment of the nineteenth century, rural France, it has had a tremendous impact on the modern world. Saints (for example, John Vianney), pastors (such as Don Bosco), and religious writers (like J.K. Huysmans) have all been influenced by La Salette. The spirit of La Salette is one of prayer, conversion, and commitment.

Petra Smarzova

Petra Smaržová (born 4 June 1990) is a skier from Slovakia. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the standing women's slalom race and giant slalom race.

Samarzova also took part in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi where she again competed in the Giant Slalom. She is coached by Peter Matiasko and Branislav Mazgut.

Division of Blaxland

The Division of Blaxland is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It covers the western suburbs of Sydney, including Bass Hill, Birrong, Carramar, Chester Hill, Condell Park, Fairfield East, Georges Hall, Guildford West, Old Guildford, Lansdowne, Potts Hill, Regents Park, Sefton, Villawood, Woodpark, Yagoona and Yennora and parts of Auburn, Bankstown, Berala, Fairfield, Granville, Guildford, Merrylands, Smithfield and South Granville. 

The division was created in 1949 and is named after Gregory Blaxland. He was a farmer and an early Australian explorer of the Blue Mountains in New South Wales.

It has been held by the Australian Labor Party since it was set up. Western Sydney has supported Labor for over a century. Its most notable member has been Paul Keating, who was Prime Minister of Australia 1991–96. In 2007, Keating's successor, Michael Hatton, lost preselection for this seat to Jason Clare. Clare had worked for former New South Wales Premier Bob Carr. Clare became Cabinet Secretary, Minister for Justice, and Minister for Home Affairs.


Alana Nichols

Alana Nichols (born March 21, 1983) is a skier and wheelchair basketball athlete from the United States. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish in the sitting women's downhill race and the Super G race. She was the third skier to finish the Slalom and Giant Slalom.

Division of Bennelong

The Division of Bennelong is an Australian electorate in New South Wales. The division was set up in 1949. It is named for Bennelong, an Indigenous Australian man who became a friend of the first Governor of New South Wales, Arthur Phillip. Bennelong includes the suburbs of Eastwood, Carlingford, Epping and Ryde.

When the Division of Bennelong was created in 1949, it covered mainly the suburbs of Ryde, Hunters Hill and Lane Cove. These were (and still are) richer areas, and Bennelong was a "safe" Liberal seat.

Over the years Bennelong has changed into a marginal seat for two reasons. Firstly, the electoral boundary of Bennelong has been changed many times, where it has moved west into Labor voting areas. Rich suburbs like Lane Cove and Hunters Hill in the east are no longer included. The division now includes Eastwood, Epping, Carlingford and working class Ermington in the north and west. Secondly, the type of people living in the division has changed. Since the early 1990s, there has been an increase in migrants from China, Hong Kong, South Korea and India. These are wealthy and conservative people who would support the Liberal Party, but they have not like the Liberal policies on immigration and multiculturalism.

Bennelong was held by the John Howard, the second longest serving Prime Minister of Australia. In 2010 the seat was won by former tennis star, John Alexander.


Bennelong

Woollarawarre Bennelong (c. 1764 – 3 January 1813) "(also: "Baneelon")" was an Indigenous Australian man of the Eora people. He was living in the Port Jackson area when the British came to Australia in 1788. Bennelong became an unofficial ambassador between the Eora and the British, both in Sydney and later in the United Kingdom.

Bennelong was a member of the Wangal clan who lived on the south side of Parramatta River. He had close links with the Wallumedegal clan who lived on the west side of the river, and the Burramattagal clan who lived near today's Parramatta. He had several sisters, including Warreeweer and Carangarang, who married important men from other clans. This gave Bennelong strong political links to the clans living around the new settlement at Sydney. Bennelong had a daughter named Dilboong who died as a baby, and a son who was adopted by Rev. William Walker. Named as Thomas Walker Coke, he died after a short illness aged about 20.

King George III had ordered the governor, Arthur Phillip, to set up friendly links with the Aborigines. However this was difficult as the Eora would not come anywhere near the new settlers. Phillip decided to kidnap an Eora person so that he could learn their language and their customs. A man named Arabanoo was captured, but he died from smallpox a few months later in May 1789. The disease had caused a lot of deaths among the Aborigines around Sydney. In November 1789, Bennelong, aged about 25, and a woman named Colbee were taken prisoner by a group of soldiers and taken to Sydney Cove. Colbee was able to escape two weeks later. The guard was hit with a whip 100 times for not stopping her escape. Bennelong was kept as a prisoner in the Governor's house. He wore clothes and enjoyed European food and drink. He was able to learn to speak English very quickly and became a friend of Phillip. After six months Bennelong escaped to go back to his clan.

Phillip visited Manly where he was speared in the shoulder, most likely as punishment for the kidnappings. Bennelong was at Manly, but did not take part in the attack on Phillip. He was worried about Phillip's injury, and returned to the settlement to make sure he was alright. Phillip told Bennelong that he would not be kept as a prisoner, and would be able to come and go as he wished. Bennelong stayed friendly with the new settlers, and even gave Phillip the Aboriginal name "Wolawaree". He learned to speak English.

In 1790, Bennelong asked Phillip to build him a hut on the edge of Sydney Harbour. This became known as Bennelong Point, and is now the site of the Sydney Opera House.

Bennelong and another Aborigine named Yemmerrawanie or Imeerawanyee went with Phillip to England in 1792. They may have met with King George III, but this has not been proved. When they got to England they were quickly made clothes that would have been suitable for a meeting with the King.

They visited St Paul's Cathedral and the Tower of London. They went on boat trips, swimming and to the theatre. While in London they lived with Henry Waterhouse. When Yemmerrawanie became sick, they were moved to Eltham. They lived at the house of Edward Kent where they were looked after by Mr and Mrs Phillips, and met Lord Sydney.

Yemmerrawanie died from a serious chest infection. Bennelong wanted to go home and the cold and wet weather was making him sick. He returned to Sydney in February 1795 on HMS "Reliance". This was the ship that took surgeon George Bass and the new governor, John Hunter to Australia. Bennelong taught Bass some of his language.

Bennelong arrived back in Sydney on 7 September 1795. He had a respected position in the colony, teaching Governor Hunter about the indigenous people. He was also an important position in Eora political and cultural life. He often took part in local battles, and ceremonies, including the last recorded initiation ceremony in Port Jackson in 1797. By the early 19th century, he was the leader of a 100-strong clan living on the north side of the river, west of Kissing Point in Wallumedagal country.

A letter he wrote in 1796 to Mr and Mrs Phillips is the first written in English by an indigenous Australian. He thanked Mrs Phillips for caring for him in England, and asked for stockings and a handkerchief.

Bennelong's health was probably ruined by drinking alcohol. He died at Kissing Point (now known as Putney, in Sydney's North West) on 3 January 1813. He was buried in the orchard of the brewer James Squire, a great friend to Bennelong and his clan.
On 20 March 2011 Dr Peter Mitchell of Macquarie University said he had found the grave site in the garden of a private house in Putney.

The Sydney Gazette wrote about him after his death. They said "...he was a thorough savage, not to be warped from the form and character that nature gave him...". Some people in Sydney's white society said that Bennelong had given up being an ambassador in his last years. There were increasing problems between the Aborigines and the Europeans as more and more land was cleared and fenced for farming. The settlers were angry that the 'savages' were not willing to give up their country to become useful workers and servants.

When he died, Bennelong's people held a traditional payback battle for which about 200 people gathered. A person on the schooner Henrietta who saw it wrote that spears flew very thick, and about 30 men were wounded.

Colebee's nephew, Nanberry, who died in 1821, was buried with Bennelong at his request. Bidgee Bidgee, who led the Kissing Point clan for 20 years after Bennelong's death, also asked to be buried with Bennelong, but there is no record of his death or where he is buried.



Laurie Stephens

Laurie Stephens is a skier from the United States. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the sitting women's downhill race and the Super G race. She was the third skier to finish the Super Combined.

Kartikeya

Murugan (), also known as Kartikeya or Kandhan is the Tamil god of war and victory. Kartikeya is the main god worshipped in India, Sri Lanka, Mauritius, Singapore, Malaysia and many other places of the world where Tamils live. Kartikeya has six shrines in Tamil Nadu, which are known as Arupadaiveedu. In Tamil Nadu, Kartikeya has continued to be popular with all classes of society since the Sangam age.

Kartikeya is considered the son of Shiva and Parvathi, who was created to kill the Asuras and be the eternal protector of the Devas and other living beings. The Asuras were demigods who frequently warred against the Devas or gods. The six sites (padaiveedu) in Tamil Nadu where Kartikeya sojourned while leading his armies are Palani, Swamimalai, Thiruparamkundram, Pazhamudirsolai, Thiruthani and Thiruchendur, the Arupadaiveedu.

Murugan is considered the God of Tamil language and he is mentioned a lot in Sangam literature. The six abodes of Kartikeya are all in Tamil Nadu. Each of these temples has a unique history and different reason to worship Lord Murugan. 

Thai Poosam during January – February month is celebrated as a 6-day festival. On Thai Poosam day, Kavadis and Palkudams are taken by devotees in procession around Chhedanagar. Special Abhishekams are performed to the Moolavar and Utsavar. Annadhanam is provided to all devotees participating in the functions. In the night, Kartikeya is taken in procession accompanied by Nadaswaram, Veda Parayanam around Chhedanagar.

Vaikasi Visakam day, (during May –June month), Kavadis and Palkudams are taken by devotees in procession around Chhedanagar.

Kanda Sashti during October-November month is celebrated as a 6-day festival. Devotees of Kartikeya will fast for 6 days. On the evening of the 6th day, Soorasamharam (correcting sooran) will be held at every Kartikeya temple around the world. Soorasamharam (correcting sooran) at Thiruchendur is very special.

Claudia Lösch

Claudia Lösch (born 19 October 1988) is a skier athlete from Austria. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the third skier to finish in the sitting women's downhill race and the Super G race. She was the second skier to finish the Super Combined race, Slalom race and Giant Slalom race.

Anna Schaffelhuber

Anna Schaffelhuber (born January,26 1993 in Regensburg) is a skier athlete from Germany. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish in the sitting women's Super Combined race, Slalom race and Giant Slalom race.

2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships

2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships was a ski race. Skiers raced in Sestriere, Italy. They started racing on January 14, 2011. They stopped racing on January 23, 2011. There were Downhill, Giant Slalom, Slalom, Super-G, Super Combined and Team races. 

Miguel Carol

Miguel Carol (born June 26, 1962 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S3 type swimmer. He raced at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. He came in first in one swimming race and second in a different swimming race. 

María Carmen Riu Pascual

Maria Carmen Riu Pascual (born April 11, 1951 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability and is an S3 type swimmer. She raced at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. She came in second in two swimming races. 

Francisco Benitez

Francisco Benitez (born March 26, 1962 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. He had a disability and is an S6 type swimmer. He raced at the 1972 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in two different swimming races. 

Beltrand de Five Pranger

Bertrand de Five Pranger (born May 28, 1950 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He had a disability. He raced at the 1972 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in two different swimming races. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in first in one swimming race and second in a different swimming race. 

Antonio Delgado Palomo

Antonio Delgado Palomo (September 20, 1957 – April 1, 2021) was a track and field athlete from Spain. He had a disability. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in first in 100 metre race and first in the long jump. Delgado Palomo died in Sevilla, Spain.

Delgado Palomo died on April 1, 2021 in Sevilla from throat cancer, aged 63.

Eloy Guerrero Asensio

Eloy Guerrero Asensio (born March 26, 1962 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability and is a T42 type athlete. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in one race. 

Julio Gutierrez García

Julio Gutierrez Garcia (born March 26, 1962 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He is B2/T12 type athlete. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in long jump. 

María Teresa Herreras López

Maria Teresa Herreras Lopez (born March 16, 1962 in Valladolid) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability and is an S3 type swimmer. She raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. She came in second in two different swimming races and third in two swimming races.

Self-fulfilling prophecy

A self-fulfilling prophecy is a prediction that directly or indirectly causes itself to become true, due to positive feedback between belief and behavior.

José Santos Poyatos

Jose Santos Poyatos (born March 26, 1962 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability and is a T41 type athlete. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in 100 metre race and third in the long jump. 

Susana Herrera

Susana Herrera Jordán (March 26, 1962 - November 2, 2019) was a ski athlete from Spain. She was born in Madrid, and lost her sight at the age of 23. She ws a type B1 ski athlete. She raced at the 1988 Winter Paralympics, where she finished first in the downhill race and third in the giant slalom race. 

Miguel Ángel Pérez Tello

Miguel Ángel Perez Tello (born October 2, 1957 in Granada) is a skier and bicyclist from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot use part of one leg. He is a type LC3 bicycle athlete. He raced at the 1988 Winter Paralympics in para-Nordic skiing. He was the second skier in the 10 km race and the second skier in the 2.5 km race. He raced at the 1992 Winter Paralympics in para-Nordic skiing. He was the second skier in the 2.5 km race. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics on a bicycle. He was the fastest to go Omnium Track race.

Roberto Abenia

Roberto Abenia Uliaque (born November 8, 1972 in Zaragoza) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a vision problem. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team was six. 

Goalball

Goalball is a sport for people who are blind, meaning they cannot see. It is played by men and women. Each team has six people on it. Three people play on each team at one time. A team throws the ball at a goal behind the people on the other team. They get a point if the ball goes in the goal. The ball has a bell in it. Players cannot see the ball, but they can hear the bell. They use their body to stop the ball. It is governed by the International Blind Sports Federation, and it is a sport in the Paralympic Games.

Goalball players wear blindfolds. This is because some players can not see at all (they are totally blind), and some other players can still see a little bit. When players wear blindfolds, none of the players can see anything. This makes it fair for all the players. 

Goalball was invented in 1946 by Hanz Lorenzen and Sepp Reindle. They invented it to help veterans who became blind because of World War II.

Goalball was first played as part of the Paralympic Games during the 1976 Summer Paralympics. At first, only men played goalball in the Paralympics. Women first played goalball in the Paralympics at the 1984 Summer Paralympics.

In 1978, the first goalball championships were held in Vöcklamarkt, Austria.

Wader

Wader is a common term in ornithology for birds which walk about in shallow water. Sometimes they are called shore-birds. They are members of the order Charadriiformes, which are water birds. The Charadriiformes also includes marine-going seabirds with webbed feet. The evolutionary relationships of these birds are very complicated.

Most waders live in wetland or coastal environments. Many species of Arctic and temperate regions are strongly migratory, but tropical birds are often resident. Some of the Arctic species, such as little stint, are amongst the longest distance migrants, spending the non-breeding season in the southern hemisphere.

Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil. Different lengths of bills allow different species to feed in the same habitat without direct competition for food. Many waders have sensitive nerve endings at the end of their bills which let them detect prey hidden in mud or soft soil. Some larger species, especially those adapted to drier habitats, take larger prey like insects and small reptiles.

Many of the smaller species found in coastal habitats are often called "sandpipers". The smallest member of this group is the least sandpiper, small adults of which can weigh as little as 15.5 grams and measure just over 13 cm (5 inches). The largest species is believed to be the Far Eastern curlew, at about 63 cm (25 inches) and 860 grams (1.9 lb), although the beach thick-knee, is the heaviest at about 1 kg (2.2 lb).

Ruben Alvarez Serrano

Rubén Álvarez Serrano (born June 19, 1975 in Barcelona) is a T42 track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is missing part of one of his arms or legs. He jumped at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. He was not one of the best races. He jumped at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the triple jump. He finished first in the long jump. He jumped at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the triple jump. 

Granada (disambiguation)

Granada is a city in Spain.

Granada might also mean:



Magda Amo Rius

Magda Amo Rius (born July 23, 1973 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete and a ski athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she cannot see. She is a B2 type skier. She ski raced at the 1992 Winter Paralympics. She came in third in the giant slalom race. She ski raced at the 1994 Winter Paralympics. She came in second in the downhill race. She jumped at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She jumped the most long in the long jump. She ski raced at the 1998 Winter Paralympics. She finished first in the Giant, Super Giant, Slalom and Downhill races. 

Vicenta Arenas Mayor

Vicenta Arenas Mayor (born January 26, 1975 in Gandia) is a goalball athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she cannot see. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. 

María Mercedes Capa Estrada

Maria Mercedes Capa Estrada (born August 23, 1980 in Valladolid) is a goalball athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she is blind and a B2 type goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. 

Concepcion Hernandez Diaz

Concepcion Hernandez Diaz (born October 13, 1972 in Murcia) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a B2 type goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team was second. 

Chemical precipitation

Chemical precipitation is the making of a solid from a solution by a chemical reaction. When two or more solutions are mixed together and make a product that is not soluble, a precipitate is formed.

James Chilton

James Chilton ( 1556 1620). He was a passenger on "Mayflower" and was the oldest person on the ship.

Chilton was probably in Canterbury, England. "Chilton" is a very old family name in Canterbury. Chilton married and had a total of ten children. Unfortunately many of the children died young. They moved to Sandwich where Moses Fletcher also lived.

The Chiltons did not have the same religious beliefs as the Church of England. They were called Separatists. This religion was not allowed in England. He and his family left England and joined a religious group in Leiden, Holland. 
The Chiltons were not welcome by some people in Leiden. This may have been because of their religion. James and his daughter were attacked by several boys who threw rocks at them. When Chilton tried to speak to the crowd, he was struck in the head by a large cobblestone, and was knocked unconscious.

The Chilton family on the "Mayflower" consisted of James Chilton, the oldest Mayflower passenger, his wife, and their daughter Mary. Two of their daughters were married and stayed in Leiden. Isabella came over later in another ship.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

William Bradford was also a Mayflower passenger and he kept a journal of life in Plymouth Colony. The journal mentions the Chilton family. He states the Chiltons had another daughter who was married and came to Plymouth Colony later in another ship.

Chilton died on December 18, 1620. His wife died about a month after him during the "first sickness" but his daughters lived a long life. Chilton and his wife are named at the monument at Cole's Hill Burial Ground.

Swag (album)

Swag is the fourth solo album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Gilby Clarke, released in 2002.



Swag (TV series)

Swag was a British prank television show on channel Channel 5. It aired from 2002 to 2004. The general theme of the show was to trick members of the public into committing a minor crime (usually stealing) but then get face the consequences in one way or another. There were some pranks that were repeated on multiple occasions, while others were done only in one particular episode.

A very popular prank from the series was one where a car was parked on the side of a road with its keys in the door and left unlocked in order to tempt people to steal it. However, the car was fitted to lock when started and then do a variety of things, such as talk to the burglar or start snowing inside the car. They were eventually let out.

The show was created by Guy Ritchie and produced by his company SKA Films and the independent television company Monkey.

In one incident, a person enticed to steal an expensive car which was then filled with foam spotted the cameraman filming and stabbed him in the leg with a screwdriver.

A DVD of the first series was released on 19 September 2005, however there is still no word of series two on DVD.

Fort Minor

Fort Minor was an American hip hop music act from Los Angeles. It was a small side project of Mike Shinoda, who is better known as the rapper and co-founder of the band Linkin Park. Shinoda was the only member. He wanted to make this side-project because he only had limited vocal credited in Linkin Park and he could not always use hip-hop style. Fort Minor's first album was "The Rising Tied", which was released 22 November 2005.

Tat soi

Tatsoi is an Asian vegetable. It can also be called Spinach mustard, Spoon mustard or Rosette bok choy. It is green. It has become popular in North American cuisine. It is grown throughout the world.

Ricardo Fernández

Ricardo Fernandez Tio (born January 5, 1976 in Castellón) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see anything. He is a B1 type goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. 

Hipolito González

Hipolito Gonzalez Calvo (born November 10, 1976 in Barcelona) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He is a B2 type goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. 

Sara Luna Santana

Sara Luna Santana (born April 16, 1977 in Barcelona) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind. She is a type B2 goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team was second. 

Jessica Malagón Moreno

Jessica Malagon Moreno (born July 6, 1977 in Barcelona) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a type B2 goalball player. 

She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team placed third. She also played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team placed second. 

Jorge Mendoza

Jorge Mendoza Parrado (born June 15, 1972 in Barcelona) is a goalball athlete and track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a type B1 goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He was as the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He threw the discus and javelin. 

Francisco Muñoz Sanchez

Francisco Muñoz Sanchez (born March 13, 1970 in Valencia) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a type B1 goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third.

María Begoña Redal Giraldos

Maria Begoña Redal Giraldos (born August 3, 1975 in Navarra) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a type B2 goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. Her team was second. 

Jorge Rafael Videla

Jorge Rafael Videla (2 August 1925 – 17 May 2013) was a senior commander in the Argentine Army who was the "de facto" President of Argentina from 1976 to 1981.

Videla was born on 2 August 1925 in Mercedes, Buenos Aires, Argentina. He studied at the National Military College (Colegio Militar de la Nación). Videla married Alicia Raquel Hartridge in 1948.

Videla came to power in a coup d'état that deposed Isabel Martínez de Perón. After the return of a representative democratic government in 1983, he was prosecuted for large-scale human rights abuses and crimes against humanity that took place under his rule. These included:

Videla remained married to his wife Alicia until his death in 2013. They had seven children.

He was under house arrest until 10 October 2008, when he was sent to a military prison. On 22 December 2010, Videla was sentenced to life in a non-military prison for the deaths of 31 prisoners after his coup d'état. On 5 July 2012, Videla was sentenced to 50 years in prison for the systematic kidnapping of children during his tenure.

Videla died in his sleep on 17 May 2013, at the Marcos Paz Prison in Buenos Aires. He died from complications after falling in the shower. He was 87.


Ron Johnson

Ronald Harold "Ron" Johnson (born April 8, 1955) is the senior United States Senator for Wisconsin and a member of the Republican Party. He is associated with the Tea Party movement. Prior to his election to the Senate, he was chief executive officer of PACUR, LLC, a polyester and plastics manufacturer.

In October 2016, Johnson announced that he would not run for re-election in 2022.

Johnson was born on April 8, 1955 in Mankato, Minnesota. He is of a Norwegian-German. He studied at the University of Minnesota. Johnson is married to Jane Johnson. They have three children.

In October 2020, Johnson was diagnosed with COVID-19.


Tammy Baldwin

Tammy Suzanne Green Baldwin (born Tammy Suzanne Green Baldwin; February 11, 1962) is the junior United States Senator from Wisconsin and a member of the Democratic Party. She previously served as the U.S. Representative from Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district from 1999 to 2013, as well as serving three terms in the Wisconsin Assembly representing the 78th district.

Baldwin was born on February 11, 1962 in Madison, Wisconsin. She is of Russian-German descent. Baldwin studied at Smith College and at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. She is the first woman elected to represent Wisconsin in the Senate, and the first openly gay U.S. Senator in history.


Rob Portman

Robert Jones "Rob" Portman (born December 19, 1955) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the United States Senator from Ohio from 2011 to 2023. He served as the 14th United States Trade Representative and 35th Director of the Office of Management and Budget.

Portman was born on December 19, 1955 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He is of Scottish, Northern Irish, English, and German ancestry. Portman studied at Dartmouth College and at the University of Michigan. He is married to Jane Dudley. They have three children.

On January 25, 2021, he announced that he would not be running for reelection to a third term in 2022.


2000 Summer Paralympics

The 2000 Summer Paralympics took place in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. 3,881 athletes from 122 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, Les Autres, and intellectually disability. 

Sherrod Brown

Sherrod Campbell Brown (born November 9, 1952) is an American politician. In 2023, he was the senior United States Senator from Ohio. Brown is a member of the Democratic Party. Before his election to the Senate, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Ohio's 13th congressional district from 1993 to 2007. He previously served as the Ohio Secretary of State (1983–1991) and a member of the Ohio House of Representatives (1974–1982).

After winning his third term in 2018, Brown was seen as a potential candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2020 and began exploring a run in January 2019. On March 7, 2019, he announced that he would not run for president.

Brown was born on November 9, 1952 in Mansfield, Ohio. His ancestors the Campbells were slave owners who forced many Cherokee people out of Georgia, in acts of genocide. Brown studied at Yale University and at Ohio State University. 

He was married to Larke Ummel until they divorced in 1987. He is currently married to Connie Schultz.


2008 Summer Paralympics

The 2008 Summer Paralympics took place in Beijing, China. 3,951 athletes from 146 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

Chuck Schumer

Charles Ellis "Chuck" Schumer (born November 23, 1950) is the senior United States Senator from New York. He is a member of the Democratic Party and the Majority Leader of the Senate, succeeding Republican Mitch McConnell in 2021.

Before his election to the U.S. Senate, Schumer served in the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 1999. He represented New York's 16th congressional district, which was later redistricted to the 10th congressional district in 1983 and to the 9th congressional district in 1993. 

In 2015, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada announced his retirement. Reid quickly supported Schumer to replace him as the new Senate Minority Leader. On November 16, 2016, Schumer was elected as the senate's new minority leader. He assumed this position on January 3, 2017.

Schumer was born on November 23, 1950 in Brooklyn, New York. His family is Jewish, descended from immigrants from Russia, Poland, and Austria. He studied at Harvard College and Harvard Law School, he was a three-term member of the New York State Assembly, serving from 1975 to 1980. Schumer is married to Iris Weinshall. They have two children.


1996 Summer Paralympics

The 1996 Summer Paralympics took place in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. 3,259 athletes from 104 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, Les Autres, and intellectually disability. 

1992 Summer Paralympics

The 1992 Summer Paralympics took place in Barcelona, Spain. 3,001 athletes from 83 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

1988 Summer Paralympics

The 1988 Summer Paralympics took place in Seoul, South Korea. 3,057 athletes from 61 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

Kirsten Gillibrand

Kirsten Elizabeth Rutnik Gillibrand (born December 9, 1966) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from New York since 2009. She is a member of the Democratic Party and former member of the United States House of Representatives from New York's 20th congressional district.

In January 2019, Gillibrand announced her plans to run for President of the United States in the 2020 election. She made a formal announcement on March 17, 2019. She ended her campaign on August 28, 2019.

On December 1, 2008, President-elect Barack Obama announced Hillary Clinton, the junior U.S. Senator from New York, as Secretary of State. Clinton was confirmed and resigned her senate seat. The announcement began a two-month search process to fill her empty Senate seat. Under New York law, the governor appoints a replacement. A special election would then be held in November 2010 for the remainder of the full term, which ended in January 2013. Governor David Paterson picked Gillibrand on January 23, 2009.

Gillibrand has moved her political positions and ideology toward a liberal, progressive position since her appointment to the Senate. Gillibrand was an important part of the successful campaign to repeal "Don't Ask, Don't Tell". In March 2011, Gillibrand co-sponsored the PROTECT IP Act, which would restrict access to web sites judged to be infringing copyrights. In 2013, Gillibrand proposed the unsuccessful legislation that would remove sexual assault cases from the military chain of command; the bill was cosponsored by Republican senators Rand Paul and Ted Cruz.

In November 2017, Gillibrand made national news when she said that President Bill Clinton should have resigned from office when his affair with Monica Lewinsky was revealed.

In January 2019, Gillibrand announced that she is formally exploring a run for President of the United States in the 2020 election while on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert". The next day, Gillibrand announced her candidacy for President. She made it official on March 17, 2019. After failing to qualify for the third debate in September, Gillibrand ended her campaign on August 28, 2019.

Gillibrand was born on December 9, 1966 in Albany, New York. She studied at Dartmouth College and the University of California, Los Angeles. Gillibrand has been married to Jonathan Gillibrand since 2001. They have two children.


1984 Summer Paralympics

The 1984 Summer Paralympics took place in New York City. 1,800 athletes from 45 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres.

1980 Summer Paralympics

The 1980 Summer Paralympics took place in Arnhem, Netherlands. 1,973 athletes from 42 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

1976 Summer Paralympics

The 1976 Summer Paralympics took place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 1,657 athletes from 38 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, and Les Autres. 

1972 Summer Paralympics

The 1972 Summer Paralympics took place in Heidelberg, West Germany. 984 athletes from 43 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury. 

Sheldon Whitehouse

Sheldon Whitehouse (born October 20, 1955) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from Rhode Island, serving since 2007. He is a member of the Democratic Party and previously served as a United States Attorney from 1993 to 1998 and as the Attorney General of Rhode Island from 1999 to 2003.

Whitehouse was born on October 20, 1955 in New York City, New York. He studied at Yale University and at the University of Virginia. Whitehouse has been married to Sandra Thornton since 1986. They have two children.


1968 Summer Paralympics

The 1968 Summer Paralympics took place in Tel Aviv, Israel. 750 athletes from 29 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury.

1964 Summer Paralympics

The 1964 Summer Paralympics took place in Tokyo, Japan. 375 athletes from 21 were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury.

1960 Summer Paralympics

The 1960 Summer Paralympics took place in Rome, Italy. 400 athletes from 23 countries were at the Games. People with spinal injuries competed at the games.

Governor of Illinois

The governor of Illinois is the head of state and government of the U.S. state of Illinois and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is also the chairperson of the state government cabinet.

J. B. Pritzker is the 43rd and current governor of Illinois, in office since January 2019.

The governor has the duty to enforce state laws and the power either to approve or veto bills passed by the Illinois General Assembly to convene the legislature, and to grant pardons except in cases of treason and impeachment.

Under the Constitution of Illinois, a person must:


The governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four year term, along with the lieutenant gubernatorial candidate or the incumbent lieutenant governor as their running mate. The candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

If the governor dies, resigns or is impeached from office, the lieutenant governor ranks first in the line of succession and will assume the office, powers and duties as governor.

Taylor County, Florida

Taylor County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 23, 1856. As of 2020, 21,796 people lived there. Taylor County's seat is Perry.

Putnam County, Florida

Putnam County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on January 18, 1849. As of 2020, 73,321 people lived there. Putnam County's seat is Palatka.


Jack Reed

John Francis "Jack" Reed (born November 12, 1949) is the senior United States Senator from Rhode Island, serving since 1997. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served in the United States House of Representatives for from 1991 to 1997.

Reed was born on November 12, 1949 in Cranston, Rhode Island. He studied at Harvard University. Reed has been married to Julia Hart since 2005. They have one daughter.


Suwannee County, Florida

Suwannee County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 21, 1858. As of 2020, 43,474 people lived there. Suwannee County's seat is Live Oak.


Walton County, Florida

Walton County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 29, 1824. As of 2020, 75,305 people lived there. Walton County's seat is DeFuniak Springs.


Manuel Berzal Burgos

Manuel Berzal Burgos (born February 16, 1962 in Madrid) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 4.5 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 60-66 to finish third.

William Stratton

William Grant Stratton (February 26, 1914 – March 2, 2001), known as "Billy the Kid", was the 32nd Governor of Illinois from 1953 to 1961, succeeding Adlai Stevenson II in that office.

Stratton was born on February 26, 1914 in Ingleside, Lake County, Illinois.

He won the Republican nomination for Governor in 1952, then defeated Lt. Governor Sherwood Dixon to become the youngest governor in America at that time.

Stratton was re-elected Governor in 1956. In 1960 he ran for an unprecedented third consecutive term, but was defeated by Democrat Otto Kerner, Jr.

Stratton was acquitted on charges of tax evasion in 1965. In 1968, he ran in the Republican primary for Governor and was defeated by Richard B. Ogilvie.

Stratton died on March 2, 2001 from natural causes in Chicago, Illinois from natural causes, aged 87.

José Cobos Benitez

Jose Cobos Benitez (born January 2, 1963 in Málaga) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 3 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Diego De Paz Pazo

Diego de Paz Pazo (born September 25, 1971 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 4 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. He played wheelchair basketball at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team was fifth. They beat Germany 67-48 to finish fifth. 

Len Small

Lennington "Len" Small (June 16, 1862 – May 17, 1936) was an American politician. He served as the 26th Governor of Illinois, from 1921 to 1929. He also served as a member of the Illinois state senate from the 16th District from 1901 to 1903 and was Illinois state treasurer, from 1905 to 1907, and from 1917 to 1919.

Small was born on June 16, 1862 in Kankakee County, Illinois. He studied at Valparaiso University.

Small was indicted in office for corruption. He was acquitted; thereafter, eight of the jurors received state jobs. Among his defense lawyers was former governor Joseph W. Fifer, who asserted, in pre-trial hearings, that the governorship has the divine right of kings.

Small died on May 17, 1936 in Springfield, Illinois from heart failure, aged 73. 


Alex Dreier

Alex Dreier (June 26, 1916 – March 11, 2000) was an American news reporter and commentator who worked with NBC Radio during the 1940s, and later with the ABC Information Radio network in the 1960s and early '70s. He won 7 Emmy Awards throughout his career.

Dreier was born on June 26, 1916 in Honolulu, Hawaii. He was married to Geraldine Izatt Hogan Penrith. They had no children. Dreier died on March 11, 2001 in Rancho Mirage, California from heart failure, aged 83.


MetLife Stadium

MetLife Stadium is the home football stadium of the New York Giants and New York Jets. It is in East Rutherford, New Jersey, part of the New York metropolitan area. It is located near the site of Giants Stadium, which was the home stadium of the New Jersey Giants from 1976 until December 2009 and the New Jersey Jets from 1984 until January 2010. It opened on April 10, 2010. It is one of the two NFL stadiums shared by two teams.


Antonio Henares Sierra

Antonio Henares Sierra (born November 21, 1956 in Málaga) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 4 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Our Lady of Fatima

Our Lady of Fatima is a Roman Catholic title for the Virgin Mary due to her apparitions to three shepherd children, Lucia Santos, and her two cousins, Jacinta and Francisco Marto. The apparition is believed to have appeared at the town of Fátima, Portugal on the thirteenth day of six consecutive months in 1917, starting on May 13. Her name in Portuguese is Nossa Senhora de Fátima. She is also called Our Lady of the Rosary or Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima.

On May 13, 1917, Lucia and her two cousins, Jacinta and Francisco Marto, were herding sheep at a location known as Cova da Iria, near their hometown village, Fatima. Lúcia described seeing a woman "brighter than the sun, shedding rays of light clearer and stronger than a crystal ball filled with the most sparkling water and pierced by the burning rays of the sun." Amazed, Lucia and her cousins ran back to their village and told everyone what they saw. Further appearances of the Virgin Mary were reported on the thirteenth day of the month in June and July. In these, the Virgin Mary asked the children to do acts of penance and Acts of Reparation as well as personal sacrifice to save sinners. The children subsequently wore tight cords around their waists to cause themselves pain, performed self-flagellation using stinging nettles, abstained from drinking water on hot days, and performed other works of penance. According to Lúcia's account, in the course of her appearances, the woman confided to the children three secrets, now known as the Three Secrets of Fátima.
As early as July 1917, it was claimed that the Virgin Mary promised a miracle for the last of her apparitions on October 13, so that all could believe. What happened became known as "The Miracle of the Sun." A huge crowd with about 70,000 people came to witness this miracle. People who witnessed this miracle said that they saw the "Sun dance." They also said that they could look at the sun without any problems. As the crowd was looking at the sun, Lucio, Jacinta, and Fransisco said they saw lovely images of the Holy Family, Our Lady of Sorrows with Jesus Christ, and then Our Lady of Mount Carmel. They said they saw Saint Joseph and Jesus bless the people.
The first vision of Fatima was a vision of hell which Lúcia describes in her Third Memoir, as follows:

"Our Lady showed us a great sea of fire which seemed to be under the earth. Plunged in this fire were demons and souls in human form, like transparent burning embers, all blackened or burnished bronze, floating about in the conflagration, now raised into the air by the flames that issued from within themselves together with great clouds of smoke, now falling back on every side like sparks in a huge fire, without weight or equilibrium, and amid shrieks and groans of pain and despair, which horrified us and made us tremble with fear. The demons could be distinguished by their terrifying and repulsive likeness to frightful and unknown animals, all black and transparent. This vision lasted but an instant. How can we ever be grateful enough to our kind heavenly Mother, who had already prepared us by promising, in the first Apparition, to take us to heaven. Otherwise, I think we would have died of fear and terror."

The second secret included Mary's instructions on how to save souls from hell and convert the world to the Christian faith, also revealed by Lúcia in her Third Memoir:

"I have seen hell where the souls of poor sinners go. To save them, God wishes to establish in the world devotion to my Immaculate Heart. If what I say to you is done, many souls will be saved and there will be peace. The war is going to end: but if people do not cease offending God, a worse one will break out during the Pontificate of Pius XI. When you see a night illuminated by an unknown light, know that this is the great sign given you by God that he is about to punish the world for its crimes, by means of war, famine, and persecutions of the Church and of the Holy Father. To prevent this, I shall come to ask for the consecration of Russia to my Immaculate Heart, and the Communion of reparation on the First Saturdays. If my requests are heeded, Russia will be converted, and there will be peace; if not, she will spread her errors throughout the world, causing wars and persecutions of the Church. The good will be martyred; the Holy Father will have much to suffer; various nations will be annihilated. In the end, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. The Holy Father will consecrate Russia to me, and she shall be converted, and a period of peace will be granted to the world."

The Third Secret was never revealed by the Holy See until June 26, 2000. The third secret, a vision of the death of the Pope and other religious figures, was transcribed by the Bishop of Leiria and reads:

"After the two parts which I have already explained, at the left of Our Lady and a little above, we saw an Angel with a flaming sword in his left hand; flashing, it gave out flames that looked as though they would set the world on fire; but they died out in contact with the splendour that Our Lady radiated towards him from her right hand: pointing to the earth with his right hand, the Angel cried out in a loud voice: 'Penance, Penance, Penance!'. And we saw in an immense light that is God: 'something similar to how people appear in a mirror when they pass in front of it' a Bishop dressed in White 'we had the impression that it was the Holy Father'. Other Bishops, Priests, men and women Religious going up a steep mountain, at the top of which there was a big Cross of rough-hewn trunks as of a cork-tree with the bark; before reaching there the Holy Father passed through a big city half in ruins and half trembling with halting step, afflicted with pain and sorrow, he prayed for the souls of the corpses he met on his way; having reached the top of the mountain, on his knees at the foot of the big Cross he was killed by a group of soldiers who fired bullets and arrows at him, and in the same way there died one after another the other Bishops, Priests, men and women Religious, and various lay people of different ranks and positions. Beneath the two arms of the Cross there were two Angels each with a crystal aspersorium in his hand, in which they gathered up the blood of the Martyrs and with it sprinkled the souls that were making their way to God."
Eight years after the Fátima events, Sister Lúcia was living in a Dorothean convent in Pontevedra, Spain. She reported that on December 10, 1925 she experienced another apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary. On this occasion, in Sister Lucia's own words, the Virgin returned as She had promised at Fatima to relate the specific requirements for the Communion of Reparation on the First Saturdays.
Here is how Sister Lúcia describes the appearance: "The Most Holy Virgin appeared to me, and by her side, elevated on a luminous cloud, was the Child Jesus. The Most Holy Virgin rested her hand on my shoulder and as she did so, she showed me a heart encircled by thorns, which she was holding in her other hand."
During this alleged apparition, the Child Jesus asked Sister Lúcia to have compassion on His Mother, referring to her as the heavenly mother of Sister Lúcia. Later On February 15, 1926 Lucia reported to have seen the child Jesus when emptying a garbage can in the garden. The child (Jesus) told Lucia to not do any more promoting for the first First Saturday's devotion.
At this point, the Virgin Mary is said to have set the parameters of the Five First Saturdays devotion. If one fulfilled these conditions on the First Saturday of five consecutive months, the Virgin Mary promised special graces at the hour of death.
The devotion of the Communion of Reparation on the Five First Saturdays, mentioned by the Virgin at Fátima on July 13, 1917, and then confirmed at Pontevedra as described above, some believe is an essential part of the Message of Fátima.



Juan José Lara Ortiz

Juan Jose Lara Ortiz (born November 30, 1965 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 1 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Wheelchair basketball

Wheelchair basketball is a type of basketball for people who use wheelchairs.

Types in wheelchair basketball plays an important undertakings in the sport as the order uses total points of players to come to a decision about who can be on the basketball court. The system of ordering for the sport are 1 point player, 2 point player, 3 point player, 4 point player and 4.5 point player. The higher the point number, the greater the player's able to use body power to play wheelchair basketball. With five players on the basketball count, the total number of points may not be greater than fourteen. There has been supported views put forward as to errors of the order system as being overly complex from players, coaches and leagues. These criticisms have been printed materials in theory but not doing research made public in 1986, 1990, 1995 and 1997. 

At times, players may not easily go into into a type for a full point. For this reason, they can be put in order in between, such as 1.5 points, 2.5 points, and 3.5 points. Classifiers are said words tending to stop from giving to this half point order as a competitors first order. They are said to do on the second order.


Eduardo Lopez Riaza

Eduardo Lopez Riaza (born December 29, 1964 in Pozuelo de Alarcón) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 1 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Peter Schulz

Peter Schulz (25 April 1930 – 17 May 2013) was a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and First Mayor of Hamburg (1971 – 1974).

Schulz was born in Rostock. He studied law at the University of Hamburg and after his graduation in 1958 Schulz founded his own office. Schulz died on 17 May 2013 in Hamburg, Germany, aged 83.


Phil Ponce

Phil Ponce (born 1949) is a Chicago television journalist who hosts "Chicago Tonight", a nightly television magazine of news and culture on WTTW 11.

Ponce grew up in East Chicago, Indiana. He graduated from Bishop Noll Institute in Hammond, Indiana. He then attended Indiana University and received a B.A. in English in 1971. He is married to Ann Ponce. They have three children. They live in Ravenswood, Chicago.

Pablo Martin Arteaga

Pablo Martin Arteaga (born September 27, 1965 in Valladolid) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 2.5 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Betsy Palmer

Betsy Palmer (born Patricia Betsy Hrunek; November 1, 1926 – May 29, 2015) was an American actress, best known as a regular panelist on the game show "I've Got a Secret", and later for playing Pamela Voorhees in the slasher movie "Friday the 13th".

Palmer was born on November 1, 1926 in East Chicago, Indiana. She was of Czech descent. Palmer was raised in Chicago, Illinois. She studied at DePaul University. Palmer was married to Vincent J. Merandino from 1954 until they divorced in 1971. They had one daughter.

Palmer died from natural causes on May 29, 2015 in Danbury, Connecticut, aged 88.


Eustaquio Mira Ramos

Eustaquio Mira Ramos (born January 2, 1962 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 3 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Garry Moore

Garry Moore (Thomas Garrison Morfit III; January 31, 1915 – November 28, 1993) was an American entertainer, actor, game show host and comedian. He was best known for his work in television. Moore entered show business as a radio personality in the 1940s. He was a television host on several game and variety show programs during the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.

He hosted "The Garry Moore Show", and the game shows "I've Got a Secret" and "To Tell the Truth". He became known for his bow ties and his crew cut, though he stopped both fashions later in his career.

Moore was born on January 31, 1915 in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Baltimore City College. Moore was married to Eleanor "Nell" Borum Little from 1939 until her death in 1974. Then he was married to Mary Elizabeth De Chant from 1975 until his death in 1993. 

Moore was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1976. He died on November 28, 1993 in Hilton Head, North Carolina from emphysema, aged 78.


Manuel Perez Luna

Manuel Perez Luna (born April 1, 1966 in Málaga) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 2 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Shadrach Bond

Shadrach Bond (November 24, 1773 – April 12, 1832) was a representative from Illinois Territory to the United States Congress. In 1818, he was elected the first Governor of Illinois, becoming the new state's first chief executive. In an example of American politics during the Era of Good Feelings, Bond was elected to both positions without opposition.

Bond was born on November 24, 1773 in Frederick, Maryland. He was never married and had no children. Bond died on April 12, 1832 in Kaskaskia, Illinois from pneumonia, aged 58.


Manuel Rodríguez Navarro

Manuel Rodriguez Navarro (born January 8, 1969 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 4 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Ninian Edwards

Ninian Edwards (March 17, 1775 – July 20, 1833) was a founding political figure of the state of Illinois. He was the only governor of the Illinois Territory from 1809 to 1818. He was one of the first two United States Senators from Illinois (from 1818 to 1824). He was the third Governor of Illinois (from 1826 to 1830). In a time and place where personal coalitions were more influential than parties, Edwards led one of the two main factions in frontier Illinois politics. 

Edwards was born on March 17, 1775 in Montgomery County, Maryland. He was married to Elvira Lane until his death in 1833. They had four children. Edwards died on July 20, 1833 in Belleville, Illinois from cholera, aged 58.

José María Sole Chavero

Jose Maria Sole Chavero (born July 3, 1969 in Sant Feliu Guixols) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 1-point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third.

Jesús Torres Fernández

Jesus Torres Fernandez (born May 2, 1960 in Madrid) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 2-point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third.

Edward Coles

Edward Coles (December 15, 1786 – July 7, 1868) was the second Governor of Illinois, serving from 1822 to 1826.

From 1810 to 1815, Coles was secretary to James Madison. He was a neighbor and anti-slavery associate of Thomas Jefferson. He freed his slaves in 1819.

Coles was born on December 15, 1786 in Albemarle County, Virginia. He studied at The College of William & Mary. Coles was married to Sally Logan Roberts from 1809 until his death in 1868. They had no children. Coles died on July 7, 1868 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from natural causes, aged 81.


Richard B. Ogilvie

Richard Buell Ogilvie (February 22, 1923 – May 10, 1988) was the 35th Governor of Illinois. He was governor from 1969 to 1973. Obilvie was wounded in World War II. In the 1960s, before becoming governor, he became known as the mafia-fighting sheriff of Cook County, Illinois.

Ogilvie was born on February 22, 1923 in Kansas City, Missouri. He studied at Yale University. Ogilvie was married to Dorthy Shriver. They had no children. Ogilvie died on May 10, 1988 from a heart attack in Chicago, Illinois, aged 65.

Samuel H. Shapiro

Samuel Harvey Shapiro (born Israel Shapiro; April 25, 1907 – March 16, 1987) was the 34th Governor of Illinois, serving from 1968 to 1969. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Shapiro was born on April 25, 1907 in Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire. When he was young he moved to the United States. Shapiro was never married and had no children. Shapiro died on March 16, 1987 from a heart attack in Kankakee, Illinois, aged 79.

List of governors of Illinois

This is a list of the governors of Illinois. Illinois is a state in America. Illinois became a state in 1818.

It had only one governor appointed by the President of the United States before it became a state. From March to June, 1809, Territorial Secretary Nathaniel Pope was the acting governor. Edwards' arrival in Illinois ended Pope's brief administration.

The table below shows who the state governors have been.

, five former governors were alive. The most recent death of a former governor was that of James R. Thompson (1977–1991), who died on August 14, 2020.

Luís Bullido Arroyo

Luis Bullido Arroyo (born October 9, 1978 in Toledo) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He became blind when he was 18 years old. He is B1/T11 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He was not one of the three fastest athletes in the 400 metre race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 400 metre race and the 400 metre T11 - T13 relay. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 200 metre race and third in the 100 metre race. 

Cesar Carlavilla Cubillo

Cesar Carlavilla Cubillo (born March 9, 1977 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He is B2/T12 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 1500 metre race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished first in the 800 metre race and the 1500 metre race. He finished second in the 4 X 400 metre T11 - T13 race. 

Francisca Bazalo Gallego

Francisca Bazalo Gallego (born May 5, 1962 in Málaga) is a wheelchair fencing athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she uses a wheelchair. She fenced at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish in the top 3. She fenced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the foil and third in the sabre. She fenced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. She did not finish in the top 3. 

Ana Belen Bernardo Zamora

Ana Belen Bernardo Zamora (born March 20, 1976 in Aviles) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability where she is missing or cannot use an arm or leg below the elbow or knee, and is an S10 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished in third in the 100 meter Butterfly race and third in the 4 x 100 Relay swimming race. She finished 8th in the 100 meter Freestyle race. She finished fifth in the 400 meter Freestyle race. 

Luisa Regina Cachan Muñoz

Luisa Regina Cachan Muñoz (born January 21, 1979 in Aviles) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability where she cannot use her legs and can only use some of her arms and hands, and is an S4 type swimmer. She raced at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish as the first, second or third swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish as the first, second or third swimmer. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish as the first, second or third swimmer. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the 4 x 50 meter 20pts Relay.

Kidnapping of Jaycee Lee Dugard

The kidnapping of Jaycee Lee Dugard happened June 10, 1991 near South Lake Tahoe, California, United States. Dugard (born May 3, 1980) was 11 years old at that time and was abducted from a street while walking home from a school bus stop. She remained missing for over eighteen years. She was held prisoner by a married couple. She was rescued in August 2009. The kidnappers pleaded guilty to kidnapping and other charges and were sentenced to many years in prison.

Cyclone Sidr

Very Severe Cyclonic Storm Sidr was an incredibly powerful and devastating tropical system. It resulted in one of the worst natural disasters in Bangladesh history. Between 3,000 and 10,000 people died because of this extremely powerful cyclone and damage totaled around $1.7 billion (USD). The cyclone happened in November 2007.

The New Art Gallery Walsall

The New Art Gallery Walsall is an art gallery. It is in Walsall, England. It displays modern art.

The gallery cost £21 million. That includes £15.75 million which was donated by the UK National Lottery. It also includes money from the European Regional Development Fund.

The Gallery is funded by Walsall Council and Arts Council England. It also gets money from grants and from its shop. Admission is free. Its first Director was Peter Jenkinson. In May 2005, Stephen Snoddy was appointed as Director.

The building was designed by the architects Caruso St John. It opened in January 2000. Before that, the artworks were in the town's old gallery The New Art Gallery's building won several architectural awards. Over 237,000 people visited it in its first year. In 2000 the gallery was shortlisted for the Sterling Architecture Prize.

The Gallery is home to the Garman Ryan Collection of sculptures and paintings by modern masters. These include a large selection of work by Jacob Epstein. It also includes many significant works by European artists including Van Gogh, Monet, Turner, Corot, Renoir and Constable. There are prints, sketches, drawings, paintings and sculptures. The collection was donated to the people of Walsall in 1973 by Epstein's wife Kathleen Garman (Lady Epstein) and her friend Sally Ryan.

In 2006 the gallery bought the Epstein Archive. The archive is a collection of photographs, documents and sketches by Jacob Epstein. It also includes letters between Jacob and his family and friends. There are letters between Epstein and the people who bought and sold his work.

The gallery also has works by more recent artists. These include Gavin Turk, Hew Locke, Mike Nelson, Yoshihiro Suda, Dorothy Cross, Laura Ford, Darren Lago, Estelle Thompson, Richard Woods, Yinka Shonibare and Rose Finn-Kelcey.

It also holds exhibitions of work borrowed from other galleries. Those exhibitions are temporary.

The New Art Gallery has Wi-Fi in every room. Visitors can use this Wi-Fi for free.

The Gallery has an Art Library. Anyone can visit the library. In the library, people can read books about art history.

There is a Costa Coffee on the ground floor.


Waltz (music)

Waltz music is written in 3/4 time (three beats per bar). The music is both dance music and art music. The Strauss family were perhaps the most famous of all waltz composers: notably Johann Strauss I, and Johann Strauss II the composer of the famous "The Blue Danube".

Waltzes typically have one chord per measure, and the accompaniment style particularly associated with the waltz is (as seen in the example to the right) to play the root of the chord on the first beat, the upper notes on the second and third beats.

The origins of the dance are in late 18th century Germany, probably from a folk dance called the "Lander". Today the music is danced in two forms, the Viennese waltz and the English or Slow waltz (now often called the International waltz). The choreography of these modern forms is different from the original dance. There are also a number of ballets which feature waltz music.

Monocle

A monocle is a glass lens worn in one eye to make a person's sight better. They are not worn as much today because glasses have gotten much better.


Martha Nussbaum

Martha Craven Nussbaum (born May 6, 1947 in New York City) is an American feminist philosopher. She is a professor at the University of Chicago and has written books on ethics, feminism and religion and has a particular interest in India.

She studied at New York University and Harvard University.

In 2008 she officially converted to Judaism.


Tom's Diner

"Tom's Diner" is a single originally by Suzanne Vega. It was first released in the 1980s. It did not become very popular until very early 1990. It was taken off a New York City restaurant, which was later fictionalized for "Seinfeld". The remix version of the song went on to become very popular.

Chinese Rail DF4

Chinese Rail DF4 is a kind of diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works. It has been in production since 1969 and is still produced as of 1984. 

The first DF4 was built in 1969 in Dalian. The first 108 locomotives used the 16V240ZJ engine. It took seven years to build all 108 locomotives of this type.

But the first ever is a permanent exhibition at the Beijing Railway Museum, and the second "Mao Zedong" is a permanent exhibition at the Fengtai Yard, Beijing Railway Bureau.

The DF4A used an improved engine, the 16V240ZJA. Production started in 1976 and lasted until 1984.

DF4s have been manufactured by several companies:

Bruce Cabot

Bruce Cabot (April 20, 1904 – May 3, 1972) was an American movie actor. He played Jack Driscoll in the original "King Kong" (1933). He was married three times. He was friends with Errol Flynn and John Wayne. He appeared in many of Wayne's movies. He died in 1972 in California from cancer. 


Robert Armstrong (actor)

Robert Armstrong (November 20, 1890 – April 20, 1973) was an American movie and television actor. He played Carl Denham in the original "King Kong" (1933).

Google Books

Google Books is a website run by Google. It lets you search and browse books and magazines that have been scanned in. The text of the books has been made searchable using optical character recognition (OCR). The site has been known under different names including Google Print and Google Book Search. It was announced and launched in 2004.

In 2005, book publishers sued Google for "massive copyright infringement" for scanning books without permission. Google claimed that this was fair use. Google has been sued in a number of countries over copyright issues related to Google Books.

GNU Affero General Public License

The GNU Affero General Public License is a copyleft license for software that is intended to be run on web servers like web applications. Like the GNU General Public License, the Affero license allows you to use, copy and change the code of software, but requires that you release your changes if you distribute the software or you run a modified copy on a web server on the Internet.

The Affero license is intended to make it harder for people to avoid releasing modifications to free software by running the software as a Web service (see software as a service).



Chinese Rail DF4B

The DF4B (4B) is a kind of diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works.It has been in production since 1984 and is still produced as of 2012.It is the most common locomotive in China and is used for both passenger and freight services.

DF4B is called "Armed Police" or "Watermelon" (freight version), and "Orange" (passenger version).

DF4B have been manufactured by several companies:

Willis O'Brien

Willis O'Brien (1886 – November 8, 1962) was a special effects creator and director. He did the special effects for "The Lost World" (1925), "King Kong" (1933), and "Mighty Joe Young" (1949). He won the 1950 Academy Award for Special Effects for "Mighty Joe Young".

Mighty Joe Young

Mighty Joe Young is a 1949 movie about a giant gorilla. Willis O'Brien won an Academy Award for the special effects in the movie. It stars Terry Moore, Robert Armstrong (who played in another giant gorilla movie called "King Kong" in 1933) and Ben Johnson in his movie debut (first movie). "Mighty Joe Young" was remade in 1998 starring Charlize Theron and Bill Paxton.

The Son of Kong

The Son of Kong is a 1933/1934 pre-code horror-comedy adventure monster movie. It is the sequel and final film of RKO's King Kong series and the second film to the original "King Kong" of 1933. It stars Robert Armstrong. He played Carl Denham in "Kong". Willis O'Brien did the special effects for both movies. The sequel movie got bad reviews. followed by "King Kong vs. Godzilla" in 1963, for 30 years absence of the franchise. featuring Kiko an 4-meter albino furred giant gorilla after Kong's killed by biplanes top an Empire State Building.

King Kong (1976 movie)

King Kong is a 1976 Italian-American horror-adventure fantasy monster remake of the original "King Kong" of 1933. produced by Paramount Pictures and Dino De Laurentiis Productions. It was directed by John Guillermin. It stars Jeff Bridges and Jessica Lange and Rick Baker/Peter Cullen as Kong. The movie features the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center which the 12-meter ape Kong climbs.

King Kong (2005 movie)

King Kong (2005) is an American giant gorilla movie set in 1933. It is a remake of the original "King Kong" movie of 1933. The remake stars Naomi Watts, Jack Black, and Adrien Brody. The movie is about a giant gorilla and his love for a human woman. The original movie was also remade in 1976 starring Jessica Lange.


Nabonga

Nabonga is a 1943 giant gorilla movie starring Buster Crabbe and Julie London. It tells of a young adventurer (Crabbe) searching for money stolen from his father's bank many years in the past. In Africa, he learns the money is in the hands of a "white witch" in the jungle (London) who is guarded by a giant gorilla.

Buster Crabbe

Clarence Linden "Buster" Crabbe II (February 7, 1908 – April 23, 1983) was an American Olympic swimmer, and a movie and television actor. He won a gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle at the 1932 Summer Olympics and for playing science fiction hero Flash Gordon in three movie serials. He is the only actor to have played the three most popular pulp fiction heroes of the 1930s — Flash Gordon, Buck Rogers, and Tarzan.

Crabbe started swimming as a boy. He went to the University of Southern California, and was a member of its first swim team. He trained as an Olympics swimmer, and won a bronze medal in the 1928 Summer Olympics and a gold medal in the 1932 Summer Olympics. He won 16 world and 35 national records during his swimming career.

After the 1932 Olympics, he went to Hollywood. He played the heroes in 103 feature length jungle, crime, drama, and western B-movies as well as the heroes in nine movie serials. In the late 1940s, Crabbe left movies to put together his own water show. He got into debt and looked for ways to make money. He turned to television.

He was the host a children's series in New York City and starred in an NBC adventure series called "Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion". His debts were paid, but his acting skills grew less in demand. He developed several business interests including Buster Crabbe Swim Pools. He retired to Scottsdale, Arizona, and died there of a heart attack in 1983.

Crabbe was born on February 7, 1908 in Oakland, California to Edward Clinton Simmons Crabbe and Lucy Agnes McNamara Crabbe. His father was a real estate broker. He was named Clarence Linden Crabbe after his grandfather. Clarence had a brother named Edward Clinton Simmons Crabbe II who was a year younger. He was named for their father. Clarence was nicknamed "Buster" and Edward II was nicknamed "Buddy". Both boys kept these nicknames for the rest of their lives.

Buster's ancestors include Captain John Meek, a Massachusetts man who chose a life on the sea. Meek married an Hawaiian girl in 1820, and lived in the Hawaiian Islands. Their daughter Elizabeth married an American sailor named Horace Gates Crabb. Horace added an "e" to his last name. Elizabeth and Horace had a son in 1861 they named Charles Linden Crabbe. He went to the United States at the age of 20 to work on the railroads. He lived in Nevada, and married Emma Rich in 1881. In 1882, Charles and Emma became the parents of Edward Clinton Simmons Crabbe, Buster's father.

After four years in Nevada, Charles moved his family to Hawaii. He later went into the Hawaii State Senate. His son Edward went to school in Hawaii and then to college at the University of California, Berkeley. He dropped out of college to sell real estate in the San Francisco area. Edward Crabbe married Agnes McNamara in 1907. A business partner stole Crabbe's money in 1913, leaving him broke. He had no choice but to move his wife and sons to Oahu. They lived in the house of his parents. In later life, Buster said he always thought of the Islands his true home.

Buster Crabbe grew up in Hawaii. He started swimming on the beach at Waikīkī as a young boy. When his father became the manager of a pineapple plantation on Oahu, the whole family moved away from the beach. Buster and his brother had to stop swimming. A year after the move, Mr. Crabbe got a real estate job in Hilo, Hawaii. The family moved to Hilo, and the boys started swimming again when their father joined a yacht club. With all the moving about, it was not easy for the Crabbe boys to go to school. Buster was eight and a half years old when he joined the first grade in Hilo Union School.

When World War I started in 1918, Buster's father joined the Army. He graduated from Officer Candidate School, and moved his family to the Schofield Barracks in the center of Oahu. Once again, the boys were too far from the beach to go swimming. They rode horses instead, and went to the Honolulu Military Academy. When Buster's father was discharged from the Army in 1920, he moved his family to Honolulu. Mr. and Mrs. Crabbe were divorced about 1920. The two boys were placed in the custody of their father. They lived with their grandparents in Honolulu.

Buster went to the University of Hawaii in 1928 to study law. He was also offered a place at the United States Military Academy at West Point. Yale University offered him a scholarship based on his swim talent. Only his tuition would be paid, but Crabbe thought he could work to pay for other costs. Yale also had a famous swim team. This appealed to Crabbe. He visited Yale on his way to the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. He liked Yale, and decided to go there instead of West Point. He was 20 when he went to Yale to study law.

Two weeks into his first year at Yale, Crabbe returned to Hawaii because his grandmother was dying. She did not die until the spring of 1929 though. Yale told Crabbe he could come back to the university on his scholarship, but he would have to start over as a freshman. He didn't want to do this. He applied to Stanford University, but was told the same thing. He was happy when he got a scholarship to the University of Southern California (USC) as a sophomore. He worked in a downtown Los Angeles store to make money, and joined the Sigma Chi fraternity. He was a member of USC's first swim team. He got his Bachelor of Science degree from USC in June 1931.

Buster started swimming as a very young boy. He was 15 years old when he joined his school's swim team. In his last year at school, he was captain of the team. He graduated with four letters in varsity sports. After high school, he competed in many swim meets and won many awards and titles.
He won a place on the 1928 Summer Olympics team, but became ill with the flu on his way to Amsterdam, where the Olympics were being held. He lost at least . He was not up to his usual strength, and won only a third place bronze medal in the 800-meter freestyle.

He kept training and competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics at Los Angeles. He won the gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle by a tenth of a second. This was a new world record. He was the only US male swimmer to win Gold at the 1932 Summer Olympics. He became a sports superstar known around the world.
Crabbe's movie career started in 1930 while he was going to USC. He was an extra in a few movies about college football and did stunts for Joel McCrea in a suspense movie. Crabbe got his first big part in 1932. It was a Tarzan-like character called Kaspa. He signed a one-year contract with Paramount Pictures. He was paid $100 a week. The movie was called "King of the Jungle"; it opened in theaters in 1933.

Next, Crabbe had a small part in "Man of the Forest", a western with closeted gay actor Randolph Scott. It was Crabbe's first western. He would make many more during his movie career. Crabbe showed his bare chest in one scene, and was told to "put more wood on the fire". He had one two-word line, "Yes, boss". He was billed on movie posters as "the star of "King of the Jungle"". After "Forest", he had a few bit parts, and then went to Paramount's acting classes.

In 1933, Crabbe starred in "Tarzan the Fearless". It was the one and only time he played Tarzan. "Fearless" was a movie serial in 12-parts. A movie fan had to go to the theater every week for 12 weeks to see the whole movie. The movie was a failure. Crabbe made six more movies in 1933. He saved $3,700 from the money he made. He had enough money to go to law school if his contract was not renewed. His contract was renewed, however. His salary was raised to $150 per week. The movie studio changed his name to Larry "Buster" Crabbe.

In 1934, he was in six movies. Only two were for Paramount, the studio that hired him. He was in Ida Lupino's first American movie, "Search for Beauty", and in a W. C. Fields movie called, "You're Telling Me!" Paramount loaned him to RKO Pictures and Majestic Pictures for one movie each, and to Mayfair Pictures for two movies. These three studios billed him as Buster Crabbe.

In 1935, Paramount renewed his contract for the third time. He was paid $300 a week. He made only three movies for Paramount in 1935: two westerns and a college football movie. He did not make any movies for other studios.

In 1936, Crabbe learned that Universal Pictures was planning to produce Alex Raymond's science fiction comic strip, "Flash Gordon", as a movie serial. He went to try-outs, and was offered the part of Flash at once. Crabbe accepted. He was under contract to Paramount at the time, so Universal made arrangements to borrow him.

"Flash Gordon" is famous for being the most expensive and the most popular movie serial ever made in America. Universal had turned two other comic strips into successful serials: "Tailspin Tommy" in 1934 and its sequel "Tailspin Tommy in the Great Air Mystery" in 1935. The "Flash Gordon" comic strip was hugely popular.

Crabbe had to have his hair bleached and waved for the part. He was not happy about this. He wore a hat outside the studio to hide his hair. Crabbe did his own stunts in the serial.

"Flash Gordon" was said to cost $350,000. Most of this cost went into science fiction sets, special effects, and costumes that looked like those in the comic strip. Crabbe was every boy's dream of a hero. He was strong, handsome, and honest. Jean Rogers played his girlfriend Dale Arden. Charles B. Middleton played his enemy, Ming the Merciless, the ruler of the planet Mongo.

"Flash Gordon" opened in movie theaters in 1936. It was a great success. Crabbe enjoyed the success, but wished he would get a part in a major motion picture. Paramount renewed his 1937 and 1938 contracts with raises. In 1938, he was paid $600 per week. He also played in crime movies and westerns at this time.

A sequel to "Flash Gordon" was made in 1938 called "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars". It was a low budget serial and used scenes from the prequel. Crabbe was disappointed with the serial, but he was happy playing Flash again because the part had made him famous.

In 1938, he made another serial for Universal called "Red Barry". It was a modern detective story set in San Francisco. The serial was based on a comic strip by Will Gould.

Crabbe left Paramount in 1939. Crabbe told an interviewer that the studio did not want to give him a raise. "I spent more time away from my lot than I put there ... I was under contract there (Paramount) from 1932 to 1939. And it didn't cost them a penny. Every time I was loaned out they were paid ... I was supposed to get a $250 raise per week. And the studio called my agent and said we would like him to stay but we don't want to give him a raise." Crabbe's agent knew Universal had the star in mind for more serials and convinced him to leave Paramount. He had made 26 B-movies during his six years with Paramount, but never a major movie.

In 1939, he made another serial for Universal called "Buck Rogers". Like "Flash", it was based on a popular science fiction comic strip. Crabbe was paid $1,000 per week. Universal made Crabbe's third and final Flash Gordon serial, "Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe" in 1940. Crabbe was paid a flat $25,000. He became known as "The King of the Serials". He had made five serials for Universal and owed Universal (not Paramount) the stardom he had won.

Crabbe was disappointed with "Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe". He said, "I never forgave Universal for making a cheateryou know, using stock stuffof the last one ... The first serial ("Flash Gordon"), however, was the most expensive serial ever made, about $500,000 ... To risk this kind of money for a serial ... well, I thought they were crazy. Crazy."

Crabbe made a total of nine movie serials during his career. The last three were made for Columbia Pictures. In 1947, he made "The Sea Hound", and, in 1950, "Pirates of the High Seas". His last serial was "King of the Congo" in 1952.

Between 1941 and 1946, Crabbe starred in a series of westerns for Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC). He played a crime-fighting cowboy called Billy the Kid. Billy was not based on the real life outlaw of the American Old West, but the character's name was changed to Billy Carson to avoid confusion. Crabbe had signed with PRC for only two movies, but those two movies were hugely popular so the studio continued the series.

These PRC westerns took 10–12 days to make, and cost about $25,000 each. They were 50–60 minutes long, and were the second features on double bills. Crabbe made about eight of these westerns every year. He had time to make other movies during the year, too. He made jungle pictures and crime movies.

When World War II started, PRC had to make budget cuts. The shooting schedules for the "Billy" westerns were cut back from 10–12 days to 7–8 days. There was no time or money to correct mistakes. In one scene, for example, Crabbe bumps his head on a window frame as he jumps through the window. There was no time or money to reshoot the scene; it had to be left as it was.

Crabbe did not serve in the military during World War II because he was 34 years old and had a family. Instead, he made training movies for the Field Artillery. He kept making westerns for PRC during the war. In 1942 and 1943, he made 15 westerns. Crabbe's PRC contract ran out in 1946. He had made 36 "Billy" westerns for PRC.

Crabbe made five movie westerns between 1957 and 1965. None of these movies was special in any way. In 1970, he played an old cowboy in "The Comeback Trail". The movie did not do well. Crabbe said it was the best movie he ever made, but there were too many sexy scenes so families stayed away. He tried to convince the producers to make the movie more family-friendly by cutting the "heavy" scenes, but they refused. His last movies were "Swim Team" in 1979 and "The Alien Dead" in 1980.

During the summer months through the years he made the "Billy" movies, Crabbe kept swimming and also did water shows. About 1946, he put his savings into his own show. He called it, "The Aqua Parade". He said his two-hour show was a "labor of love" as well as a "profitable occupation". In 1947, his show played in cities and state fairs across the United States over a five-month period. The show got good reviews. Crabbe was in the water ballet and in a part of the show called "The Evolution of Swimming".

In 1950, the show went to Europe. It had problems. The company was asked to make new costumes and scenery for the Paris show. Crabbe knew this would cost a lot of money, but everyone in the show agreed that doing this would be better than going back to America. The show met more problems in Italy. The company had to swim in cold water in Milan because there was no time to heat the pool. Additionally, the show lost money because it played in a small arena with limited seating. In the end, Crabbe was $100,000 in debt and went back to America wondering what he was going to do. He started doing television.

Crabbe moved to the East Coast of the United States to be the host of a live, local New York City children's program called, "The Buster Crabbe Show". The series was televised on weekday evenings starting on March 12, 1951. The series setting was a western bunkhouse. Old western movies, serials, and comedies were shown. Crabbe shared games, stories, and other activities with the program's viewers.

During the production days of this show, Crabbe was also a swimming and boating counselor at his 16-building, boys and girls summer camp called "Buster Crabbe's Camp Meenahga" at Saranac Lake, New York in the Adirondack Mountains.

Although the program's title was changed to "Buster's Buddies", it was cancelled on October 3, 1952. It returned to television on September 21, 1953. A live kiddie audience was brought to the program, but the program was not popular. It was cancelled again on March 26, 1954.

Crabbe played Michael Gallant in the NBC adventure television series, "Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion". The series was televised from 1955 to 1957. It is set in modern Morocco where Captain Gallant was in charge of an outpost in the desert. He fought thieves, desert tribes, and other villains. Crabbe's son Cullen played Cuffy Sanders in the series. Cuffy was an orphan boy whose father had died in action with the Legion.

The Crabbes had signed a contract for three 30-minute episodes. These three episodes could be changed into a 90-minute movie for theaters if the television series failed. The three episodes were a success. The H. J. Heinz Company agreed to sponsor the series. Thirty-six 30-minute episodes were made. Crabbe was paid $1,000 per episode. Working on the series would take most of his time. He dropped his New York City television series, "The Buster Crabbe Show", so he could make "Captain Gallant".

The series started filming in April 1954. Crabbe's old friend Fuzzy Knight joined the cast. Outdoor scenes were filmed in North Africa. Indoor scenes were shot in Paris and Rome. The series stopped filming in October 1954. It had its television premiere on February 13, 1955. Children and long-time Crabbe fans loved the series. A fan club for Cuffy was started. Charlton Comics published four comic books based on the series in 1955 and 1956.

Tragedy struck the Crabbe family in 1957. When Crabbe's daughter "Sande" was a 20-year-old college student at USC, she had an obsession with dieting. She thought she needed to be as thin as possible for boys to be attracted to her. Her parents were worried. They got medical treatment for Sande and psychoanalysis, but she died April 10, 1957 of malnutrition. She weighed .

In all, there were sixty-five 30-minute black and white episodes. The series completed its first television run in February 1957. Reruns were televised between 1960 and 1963. Cullen Crabbe dropped acting when the series ended. In 1970, he said the only reason he played in the series was because no one could find a boy whose parents would let him live and work in North Africa for two years.

Crabbe was on television now and then after "Captain Gallant". He was in an episode of the "Ellery Queen" series in 1959, and co-hosted a 1961 NBC Easter television special with Rosemary Clooney called "Marineland Circus". In December 1965, CBS televised ceremonies at the Swimming Hall of Fame in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Crabbe was there because he was going to become a member of the Hall of Fame. Crabbe was in two episodes of the "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" television series in 1979, and one episode of "B. J. and the Bear" in 1981. This episode was the last time he was on television.

Crabbe was bankrupt after the disaster of his "The Aqua Parade". He looked about for ways to make money and to pay off his debts. His name was used to promote a New York health club, and he hosted a women's exercise television program, "Figure Fashioning". He was swim director at a hotel in the Catskill Mountains.

In 1952, he moved his family to New Jersey and taught swimming at Palisades Amusement Park. The same year, he made his "live" television debut on "Philco Playhouse" and then made his ninth and last movie serial, "King of the Congo".

In 1966, Crabbe passed an exam to become a New York City stockbroker with the Wall Street firm of Lieberbaum, Richter & Co. He led the annual Red Cross swim sessions at the Durland Scout Center in Rye, New York, and in 1969 continued his association with the Concord Hotel as Director of Water Activities. He also had two camps in the Adirondacks: a summer camp for young boys and a co-educational water camp for teenagers. He kept up with his work for Cascade Pools. In 1970, he wrote "Energistics", an exercise book for old people.

Crabbe died of a heart attack in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 75. He was soon buried at the Green Acres Memorial Park in Scottsdale, Arizona.

Crabbe was the only actor to play the three greatest pulp fiction heroes of the 1930s Flash Gordon, Buck Rogers, and Tarzan. His early fame was renewed when nostalgia-minded television viewers discovered his Flash Gordon serials in the 1970s. In 2013, the three Flash Gordon serials, the Buck Rogers serial, and the Tarzan serial were all available on DVD.

In 1973, a poll on the University of Maryland campus revealed that the Flash Gordon serials were third on the student nostalgia charts. He was behind W. C. Fields and the Marx Brothers. The serials were shown on college campuses and on nationwide television channels. The New York City Public Broadcasting channel leased the serials, and televised them during the 7 p.m. news programs of other channels. The nationwide interest in the serials led to Crabbe being invited to make personal appearances in many places and to give talks on college campuses.

On his acting talent, Crabbe once said, "Some of my acting rose to the level of incompetence, and then leveled off. I was a lot better actor than people gave me credit for. I didn't have any training, but I feel that if I had been given the chance, I could have become a really good, top-rate actor."

At another time he said, "I always wished I could have been in one really good film. But they decide you're a guy who can fall off a horse and take a breakaway table over you're head, and there's nothing you can do about it ... Many fans have told me they saw in my portrayals a moralistic mien, something they could identify with or fantasize about as children. There's a place for hero worship in any society. It gives people something to look up to, even if no real hero can ever live up to the image people have of them."



Jo Benkow

Jo Benkow (Josef Elias Benkowitz; 15 August 1924 – 18 May 2013) was a Norwegian politician and writer, notable for being an important person in the Conservative Party of Norway, and the President of the Parliament 1985-1993.

Benkow was born on 15 August 1924 in Trondheim, Norway. He was raised in Bærum, Norway. Benkow married twice, his second marriage was with fellow politician Annelise Høegh. He was the uncle of journalistic fraudster Bjørn Benkow. Benkow died on 18 May 2013 from natural causes in Oslo, Norway, aged 88.


Marcheline Bertrand

Marcia Lynne "Marcheline" Bertrand (May 9, 1950 – January 27, 2007) was an American actress and producer. She also co-founded the All Tribes Foundation, to culturally and economically benefit Native Americans, and the Give Love Give Life organization, to raise public awareness of women's cancers. She was the mother of Angelina Jolie.

She was born at St. Francis Hospital in Blue Island, Illinois. Bertrand was brought up in the nearby small town of Riverdale. Her parents were Lois June (née Gouwens; 1928–1973) and Rolland F. Bertrand (1923–1985). She had two younger siblings: a sister, Debbie, and a brother, Raleigh. Her father was of French Canadian ancestry, while her mother was of Dutch and German ancestry. She also claimed to be of Iroquois ancestry, although her only known Native American ancestor was a Huron woman born in 1649. According to her daughter, actress Angelina Jolie, Bertrand was often wrongly identified as a French actress, with Jolie saying, "My mom is as far from French Parisian as you can get. She grew up in a bowling alley that my grandparents owned." In 1965, Bertrand's family moved from the Chicago area to Beverly Hills, California. She attended Beverly Hills High School from second year through graduation.

She was married to Jon Voight from 1971 until they divorced in 1980. She was partners with Bill Day from 1978 until they separated in 1989. Then she was partners with John Trudell until her death in 2007. She had two children; Angelina Jolie and James Haven with Voight. Bertrand died on January 27, 2007 from Ovarian cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 56.


In Bruges

In Bruges is a 2008 British-American crime drama black comedy movie. It was written and directed by Martin McDonagh. The movie stars Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson as two Irish hit men in hiding. Ralph Fiennes plays their gangster boss.

My Left Foot (movie)

My Left Foot: The Story of Christy Brown is a 1989 Irish drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan and starring Daniel Day-Lewis. It tells the true story of Christy Brown, an Irishman born with cerebral palsy, who could control only his left foot. Day-Lewis won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Christy Brown.

Oz the Great and Powerful

Oz the Great and Powerful is an American fantasy adventure movie from 2013. It is directed by Sam Raimi, produced by Joe Roth, and written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner. It stars James Franco as Oscar Diggs, Mila Kunis as Theodora, Rachel Weisz as Evanora, Michelle Williams as Glinda, Zach Braff as Finley, Bill Cobbs as Master Tinker, and Joey King as China Girl.

White House Down

White House Down is an American action-thriller movie directed by Roland Emmerich. It is about a terrorist attack on the White House by a paramilitary group. The movie's screenplay is by James Vanderbilt and stars Channing Tatum, Jamie Foxx, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Michael Murphy, James Woods, Richard Jenkins, Peter Jacobson, and Joey King. The movie was released on June 28, 2013.

21 Jump Street (movie)

21 Jump Street is a 2012 American action criminal comedy movie starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum, scripted by Michael Bacall, and directed by Phil Lord and Chris Miller. The movie was produced by Stephen J. Cannell. Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars.

It is followed by "22 Jump Street".

Our Lady of China

Our Lady of China is a title for the Virgin Mary in China who is believed to have appear at the small village of Donglu in 1900. In Chinese she is called Zhōnghuá Shèngmǔ (). She is also known as Our Lady of Donglu.

During the Boxer Rebellion, about 10,000 soldiers attacked the small village of Donglu on April, 1900. The soldiers tried to kill the approximately 1,000 Christians. As the soldiers were attacking, the Virgin Mary appeared wearing a white robe in the sky. When the soldiers saw the apparition, they fired gunshots at the Virgin Mary. Despite the efforts to shoot down the apparition, the Virgin Mary continued to shine brightly. As the soldiers kept firing, another apparition appeared: a majestic angel, whom witnesses believed to be the Archangel Michael. The angel flew down surrounded by blazing flames of fire down from the sky and into the crowd of soldiers. By himself, Michael drove all of the soldiers out of the village. Villagers learned afterwards that their local priest, Father Wu, prayed to the Virgin Mary for help from the soldiers attacking. The residents of Donglu then built a church for the Virgin Mary to express their gratitude for the help they received. The Church was then destroyed during World War II after it was hit by Japanese bombs.

The Catholic Church built a shrine in 1992 to commemorate the 1900 apparition events and organized a large celebratory worship service nearby in an open field on May 23, 1995, which about 30,000 people attended. During the opening prayer, those present saw the sun moved from to right to left in the sky and shone down light of rays with different colors. Then the Virgin Mary holding the infant Jesus, appeared in the sky. Mary did not speak but witnesses (Chinese Christians whose faith was oppressed by the government) reported feeling comforted and encouraged by her appearance. The overwhelming public interest of visiting the shrine after the apparition took place upset the Chinese government. The Chinese government then banned people from going to the shrine but still many pilgrims came. Proving it was unsuccessful, the Chinese army destroyed the Donglu shrine. (But many shrines dedicated to Our Lady of China are still in China and other countries.)

Francis Cooke

Francis Cooke (ca. 1583 - April 7, 1663) was a passenger on the "Mayflower". He was a signer of the Mayflower Compact and was an important member of Plymouth Colony. 

Francis Cooke lived in England and then in Leiden, Netherlands. 

Cooke married Hester Mahieu at the French Walloon Church in Leiden. In August 1606 Francis Cooke and his wife moved to Norwich in county Norfolk in England. They did not live there long and returned to Netherlands. Their son John was baptized at the Walloon Church in Leiden in 1607.

When the English Separatist Church members in Leiden decided to go to America in 1620, Cooke decided he would go with them. He brought his thirteen year–old son, John, with him. Cooke's wife and the younger children stayed in Leiden and came to Plymouth Colony on the ship "Anne" in July 1623.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 6 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Cooke was one of the signers. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

In Plymouth Colony, the settlers were given land. In that Division of Land in 1623, Cooke received two acres, one for himself and one acre for his son John. He also received 4 acres for his wife and children who came over on the ship called "Anne" in 1623. 

Cooke's children were named John, Jacob, Jane, Hester and Mary.

Cooke seemed to have been trusted and liked by the other colonist because in early 1633, Cooke was assigned by the court to help resolve a dispute of a financial nature between Peter Browne and Dr. Samuel Fuller.

In 1640/41 Cooke was one of twelve men tasked by the court to make official travel routes, and make a formal survey and mark the boundaries of plots of land and for the Jones River. In 1645 he was again road surveyor for Plymouth. In June 1650, when he was almost seventy, he was still doing survey work. In August 1659, in his late 70s, he was again called upon by the Plymouth Court to help to decide a land boundary dispute between Thomas Pope and William Shurtliff.

Cooke also did other public service work, being on several petty and grand juries. He also served on civil case juries up to March 1643. Most of the civil case involved debts or slander. He was also on grand juries in 1638, 1640, 1642 and 1643 which involved more serious crimes.

In the 1643 Able to Bear Arms List, Francis Cooke and his sons Jacob and John Jr., are listed with those from Plymouth.

On December 7, 1659 Francis Cooke made out his will, saying he was weak in body. The will was very simple and he gave everything to Hester, his loving wife. 1609.

Francis Cooke died in Plymouth on April 7, 1663 and was buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth, Massachusetts.

Pandeism

Pandeism is the belief that a higher being like a God made the Universe, but made it by becoming it. People who follow Pandeism are called Pandeists. After making the Universe, God and the Universe are equivalent (the same thing.) Because God is now the Universe, it can not do things in the Universe. Pandeists believe that people who want to know about God should rely on logic and reason and not traditions of their religion. Pandeists believe that everything that exists is a part of God or that God is a part of everything that exists. The name Pandeism comes from the words Deism (a kind of belief in God) and pan (all). 

Pandeists believe that a higher power became the world. They do not believe that the creation of the Universe happened because of a spontaneous event. They reject supernatural events like miracles and believe that God has become the natural laws as well, and does not need to interfere with them. Pandeists also see holy books, such as the Bible and Qur'an, as writings made by people rather than the writings of God. Pandeists believe that people are part of God too, and so some people think they see or hear God, when they are really only seeing or hearing the part of God that is in them.

UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Rockhold

UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Rockhold (also known as UFC on FX 8 and as UFC no Combate 2 in Brazil) was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on May 18, 2013 at the Arena Jaraguá in Jaraguá do Sul, Brazil. The event was broadcast live on Fuel TV and FX.

The event was headlined by a middleweight bout between multi-divisional contender Vitor Belfort and the final Strikeforce Middleweight Champion and promotional newcomer Luke Rockhold.

Manvel Gamburyan was expected to face Hacran Dias at the event. However, Gamburyan was forced to pull out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Nik Lentz.

Marcos Vinícius was expected to face Yuri Alcantara at the event. However, Vinicius was forced out of the bout citing an injury and he was replaced by promotional newcomer Iliarde Santos

Cezar Ferreira was originally scheduled to face CB Dollaway. However, on April 1, it was revealed that Dollaway had to withdraw from the bout due to injury and he was replaced by Chris Camozzi. Then on April 7, it was confirmed that Ferreira had pulled out of the fight as well, citing an injury and was replaced by Rafael Natal.

Costa Philippou had to withdraw from his fight against Ronaldo Souza, after suffering a cut above his eye, and was replaced by Chris Camozzi. While Camozzi's scheduled opponent Rafael Natal will face promotional newcomer Joao Zeferino.

Paulo Thiago was originally expected to face Lance Benoist. However, on April 20, it was announced that Benoist had to pull out of the bout due to an injury and was replaced by UFC newcomer Michel Prazeres.

!colspan="9"|Preliminary card (Fuel TV)
!colspan="9"|Preliminary card (Facebook)

The following fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses.




Sergei Bagapsh

Sergei Bagapsh (March 4, 1949 – May 29, 2011), was the President of Abkhazia, from 12 February 2005 until 29 May 2011. He was also Prime Minister of Abkhazia during the late 1990s.

He was born in Sukhumi, Soviet Union. He graduated from the Georgian State University of Subtropical Agriculture in Sukhumi.

Bagapsh died of heart failure caused by lung cancer surgery, aged 62.

Ryūnosuke Akutagawa

Ryūnosuke Akutagawa (1 March 1892 – 24 July 1927), was a Japanese writer famous for his short stories. He was born in Tokyo, Japan. Kikuchi Kan, and Kume Masao were his friends. He published a literary magazine named "Shinshicho" with them. His first work is "Rounenn". His story ""Hana"" (The Nose) was highly estimated by his master Natsume Soseki. 


Akutagawa committed suicide by taking sleeping pills at age of 35. It was written that he was "vaguely anxious about my future." in his suicide note. Akutagawa is one of many Japanese writers who have committed suicide. Other writers include Dazai Osamu, Mishima Yukio and Kawabata Yasunari.

Awakenings

Awakenings is a 1990 American drama movie set in a psychiatric hospital in 1969 in the Bronx. It is based on Oliver Sacks' 1973 book "Awakenings". It tells the true story of British neurologist Oliver Sacks, fictionalized as American Malcolm Sayer and portrayed by Robin Williams. The movie also stars Robert De Niro, Judith Malina, and Max von Sydow.

Oliver Sacks

Oliver Wolf Sacks, CBE (9 July 1933 – 30 August 2015) was a British neurologist, writer, and amateur chemist. He was Professor of Neurology at New York University graduate School of Medicine. The 1990 movie "Awakenings" was based on his book where he was played by Robin Williams.

Sacks was born on 9 July 1933 in London, England to a Jewish family. He studied at St Paul's School, at Queen's College, Cambridge, and at Oxford University.

He addressed his homosexuality for the first time in his 2015 autobiography "On the Move: A Life".

Sacks was diagnosed with terminal uveal melanoma and liver cancer in January 2015. He died on 30 August 2015 at his home in New York City at the age of 82 from liver cancer.


INS Dakar Memorial

The INS "Dakar" Memorial is a memorial dedicated to the 69 soldiers of the Israeli Navy of the submarine INS "Dakar" who died in the Mediterranean Sea in 1969. The remains of the submarine were found in 1999. The memorial is located in the Garden of the Missing Soldiers in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is next to the wall of the names of the missing soldiers of Israel. The memorial was built with exposed concrete in a shape of a submarine; the lower half is submerged in the ground. On the front side a verse from the Bible is inscribed: Psalm 77:19: "Your path led through the sea, your way through the mighty waters, though Your footprints were not seen." Inside the memorial is the room with all the 69 names of the soldiers that died at sea. The memorial was built in 1970 by the architect David Anatol Brotzkos. 


Museum of London

The Museum of London is two museums in London. They display objects from the history and culture of the city.

The main museum is in London Wall, next to the Barbican Centre. There is also a museum in the Docklands showing boats, ships and other objects from London's naval past.


SS Erinpura Memorial

The SS "Erinpura" Memorial is a memorial in the Mount Herzl cemetery. It is dedicated to the 139 soldiers of the British Army 462 Moving Unit in British Mandate of Palestine on the SS "Erinpura" that lost their lives in a battle in North Africa with the Air Force of Nazi Germany.

The memorial is next to the Garden of the Missing Soldiers in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It was built in 1985 by the architect Dr. Asher Hirem. It includes concrete covered with stones in a corner of a pool with the names of the 137 soldiers who drowned in the Mediterranean Sea. Their place of burial is unknown with holes for flowers. Two soldiers of the 139 are buried in the cemeteries of the British army in Tripoli, Libya and the other is in England.

A ceremony to the fallen soldiers take place in the Holocaust Remembrance Day.


Charles River

The Charles River is a river that runs between Boston and Cambridge in Massachusetts. It is 80 miles long and starts at Hopkinton, Massachusetts and ends at the Atlantic Ocean after feeding through the Boston Harbour.

FaceTime

FaceTime is video conferencing software created by Apple Inc. for use on the iPhone, iPad and computers running Mac OS X. To call people, you type in their email address or phone number. FaceTime supports high definition video.

FaceTime was first announced by Steve Jobs on 7 June 2010 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference. Video is sent using H.264 and audio is compressed with AAC. With Facetime, people can talk to people that are far away face to face.

An audio-version of FaceTime was announced during Apple's annual keynote speech on June 10, 2013, and later released on September 18, 2013. The service provides high-quality audio. Initially, FaceTime audio was only usable on a Wi-Fi network, but since has been updated to work over 3G and LTE data connections. Currently, FaceTime audio is only available between Apple devices.


Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion

Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion is a television series starring Buster Crabbe, his son Cullen Crabbe, and Fuzzy Knight. It aired from 1955 to 1957. The series is about a captain in the French Foreign Legion who fights bandits in North Africa. 

20th-century philosophy

20th-century philosophy covers thinkers who wrote and produced ideas in philosophy during the twentieth century. New ways of thinking about problems were put forward following the success of science and advances in mathematics and other areas of study. Philosophy after 1900 became more professionalized. Philosophers gradually split between two main kinds of philosophy:





Operation Boatswain Memorial

The Operation Boatswain Memorial is a memorial dedicated to a group of 23 fighters who died at sea in 1941, during World War II. They fought for Palmach, a paramilitary group in Palestine. Operation Boatswain was a mission to damage oil refineries in Tripoli, Lebanon. The mission failed, and the bodies of the fighters were never found. In Hebrew, these men are known as "" ("the twenty-three who went down with the ship").

The commander of crew was the Haganah member Zvi Spector. A British special operations officer, Major Sir Anthony Palmer was an observer on behalf of the Special Operations Executive. The oil refineries were controlled by Vichy France, which was ruled by Nazi Germany.

The memorial is located next to the Garden of the Missing in Action in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The memorial was built with stone of exposed concrete in a shape of boat in a corner of a water pool. The stone has the names of the 23 fighters, including the name of the British officer who was lost with them. The memorial was built in 1951 by the architect Dr. Asher Hirem who also planned the national military and police cemetery in Mount Herzl and many other memorials in Israel.
Palmer Square and Kaf Gimal Yordei HaSira Street in Tel Aviv Port are named after the crew. These are the places where the crew was last seen.


Buck Rogers

Buck Rogers is a fictional character in American sci-fi. He was created by Philip Francis Nowlan. He first appeared as Anthony Rogers in the August 1928 issue of the pulp magazine "Amazing Stories". The Buck Rogers comic strip first appeared in newspapers on January 7, 1929. Since then the character has appeared in movie serials (played by Buster Crabbe), television series, and other forms of pop entertainment.

Animal Crossing: New Leaf

Animal Crossing: New Leaf is a life simulation video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS game console. It was released on November 8, 2012 in Japan, on June 9, 2013 in North America, on June 14, 2013 in Europe, and on June 15, 2013 in Australia. It was first shown at E3 2010.

Like the other "Animal Crossing" games, in "Animal Crossing: New Leaf", the player lives in a village where everyone is an animal. The player can interact with villagers by talking with them. Instead of a house, the player starts the game living in a tent. As the game goes on, the player will be able to change and add new things to it. The player is also able to swim in the ocean that surrounds the village. Also new to this game is that you can become the mayor of your town. Becoming the mayor allows you to change your town more than in past games. You can do things such as set ordinances or start the building of public work projects.

Flash Gordon (serial)

Flash Gordon is a 1936 13-chapter science fiction Flash Gordon movie serial. It is the first movie adventure for the Alex Raymond comic strip character. It is the first science fiction movie serial. It tells the story of Flash Gordon's first visit to the planet Mongo where he confronts the evil Emperor Ming the Merciless.

Buster Crabbe plays the space adventurer Flash Gordon, Jean Rogers plays his love Dale Arden, Frank Shannon plays the scientist Dr. Zarkov, Charles B. Middleton plays Ming the Merciless, and Priscilla Lawson plays Ming's daughter Princess Aura.

In 1996, the serial was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant", and was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.

"Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars", a sequel to this movie, was released in 1938.

The Beatles: Rock Band

The Beatles: Rock Band is a music video game. It was developed by Harmonix Music Systems, published by MTV Games, and distributed by EA Distribution. It is the third game in the "Rock Band" series. It was released for the PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 on September 9, 2009. The game centers on the popular English rock group The Beatles.

The game comes with a guitar controller, a drum set, and a microphone. Up to six people can play at a time, playing drums, vocals, bass, and guitar. As with previous games in the series, players get points by hitting the right notes at the right time. Earning points earn the players stars, which show how well the player did on a song. The game has 45 Beatles songs. More songs are available as download content (content that can be downloaded from the internet from the game's publisher).

Fuzzy Knight

John Forrest "Fuzzy" Knight (May 9, 1901 – February 23, 1976) was an American actor. He appeared mostly in westerns, usually as the hero's friend. He also appeared in the 1950s television series, "Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion". He married actress Patricia Ryan (née Thelma de Long).

Charles B. Middleton

Charles B. Middleton (October 3, 1874 – April 22, 1949) was an American stage and movie actor. He appeared in nearly 200 movies and many plays. He played the evil emperor Ming the Merciless of the Planet Mongo in the three Universal Pictures Flash Gordon movie serials. He married movie actress Leora Spellman.


William Salyers

William Lewis Salyers (born August 16, 1964) is an American actor and voice actor. He is known as the voice of Rigby on "Regular Show" and the voice of Reverend Putty and Mr. Little on "Moral Orel".

Salyers was born on August 16, 1964 in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. He was raised in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Salyers studied at the College of Santa Fe.

Ming the Merciless

Ming the Merciless is a fictional character in the sci-fi world of Flash Gordon. Ming first appeared in the "Flash Gordon" comic strip in 1934. He is the main villain of the strip. He is also the villain in the Flash Gordon movie serials, television series, and movie adaptation. He rules the Planet Mongo. Charles B. Middleton played the character in the movie serials. 

Joel Aldrich Matteson

Joel Aldrich Matteson (August 8, 1808 – January 31, 1873) was the 10th Governor of Illinois, serving from 1853 to 1857. In 1855, he became the first governor to live in the Illinois Executive Mansion. After his term as governor ended he was for many years the president of the Chicago and Alton Railroad. The last years of his life were marred by charges of corruption in the Canal Scrip Fraud case. The village of Matteson, Illinois is named in his honor. Matteson was buried in Joliet, Illinois.

Matteson was born on August 8, 1808 in Watertown, New York. He was married to Mary Fish until his death in 1873. Matteson died on January 31, 1873 in Chicago, Illinois from pneumonia, aged 64.

Planetary science

Planetary science (or "planetology") is the organized study of planets, which are relatively large, stable bodies in orbits around stars.

The planet best known to us is the Earth. There are seven other major planets in the Solar System. The Solar System also has dwarf planets, such as Pluto and Ceres, the largest asteroid. 

Space probes have gone near or landed on all planets in our solar system. In recent decades better telescopes have found planets in solar systems other than our own, which are known as exoplanets. One of the first was a planet found to be orbiting Barnard's star. 

Planetary science is a part of astronomy and geology. It is sometimes referred to as planetary geology.

Planetary science in a broad sense includes finding a planet's orbital period and orbital distance from its star, the mineral makeup of the planet, and an attempt to learn its age. It may also have a more narrow focus, such as the mapping of the planet's surface features and the makeup of its atmosphere.


Marquess

Marquess (marquis in French) is a title of nobility in many countries in Europe. It is a rank higher than an earl but lower than a duke. 'Marquis' is correct in France, and 'Margrave' in Germany for a local ruler.

This title was usually granted by a monarch to reward a subject for longtime faithful service or some very notable deeds. The title is hereditary, meaning that is passes from a father to his eldest son. Usually if a man holding this title dies without having any male heirs, the title is said to become extinct, meaning that it is no longer held by anyone living.

The female equivalent of this title may be styled marquess. This rank may be held by the wife of a marquis or granted to a woman in her own right.
A woman with the rank of marquess is called a marchioness in the U.K. and elsewhere a marquise.

Division of Kooyong

The Division of Kooyong is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It was one of the divisions for the first Federal election in 1901. It includes the suburbs of Kew, Hawthorn, Hawthorn East, Balwyn, Canterbury, Camberwell and Surrey Hills. It is named after the suburb of Kooyong. "Kooyong" is an Indigenous Australian word meaning "resting place". Because of boundary changes over the years, the suburb of Kooyong is no longer in the Division and is now in the Division of Higgins.

Kooyong has been held by non-Labor parties since 1901. Famous members include the Opposition Leader and later Chief Justice John Latham, Prime Minister Sir Robert Menzies and Opposition Leader Andrew Peacock. 


Maiara Walsh

Maiara Walsh (February 18, 1988) is a Brazilian-American actress. She acts in motion pictures and television. She played Ana Solis in the ABC sitcom "Desperate Housewives", Meena Paroom in "Cory in the House" and Simone in "Switched at Birth". She also played Sarah in "The Vampire Diaries". Walsh was born in Seattle.

Bella Heathcote

Isabella "Bella" Heathcote (March 3, 1988) is an Australian actress who acts on television programs. She played Amanda Fowler on the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". Heathcote also starred in the 2010 movie "Not Fade Away". She was born near Melbourne.

Kevin Hart

Kevin Darnell Hart (born July 6, 1979) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his roles in "Paper Soldiers", "Scary Movie 3", "Along Came Polly", "Soul Plane", "The Wedding Ringer", "Think Like a Man", "Ride Along", "Get Hard", "The Secret Life of Pets", "", "" and "The Upside".

He was born on July 6, 1979 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied the Community College. Hart has been married to Torrei Hart from 2003 until they divorced in 2011. They had two children. In 2016, he married Eniko Parrish. They have three children.

On September 1, 2019, Hart was involved in a serious car crash near Malibu, California. He and the driver suffered "major back injuries" and were taken to hospitals.


Bob Gunton

Robert Patrick "Bob" Gunton, Jr. (born November 15, 1945) is an American actor. He is known for playing strict, authoritarian characters and villains. He is best known for his role as the cruel "Warden Samuel Norton" in the 1994 movie "The Shawshank Redemption".

Gunton was born on November 15, 1945 in Santa Monica, California. He studied at Mater Dei High School and at University of California, Irvine. Gunton was married to Annie McGreevey from 1980 until they divorced in 2006. He has been married to Carey Pitts since 2006. He has one child with McGreevey.



Tania Raymonde

Tania Raymonde (born March 22, 1988) is an American actress. She began acting at age twelve. She played Cynthia Sanders in "Malcolm in the Middle". She also acts in movies.

Raymonde was born near Los Angeles.

The Shawshank Redemption

The Shawshank Redemption is an American crime drama movie from 1994. It was written originally as a screenplay by Shawn Patrick Patterson and directed by Frank Darabont. The movie is based on Stephen King's novel Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption. It stars Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Clancy Brown, Bob Gunton, James Whitmore, and Jeffrey DeMunn. James Kisicki played a small role as the bank manager. It was released on October 14, 1994.

In 1947, Andy Dufresne is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover and is sentenced to two consecutive life terms in prison. Andy is transferred to the Shawshank Stage Penitentiary, where he is introduced to Samuel L. Norton, warden of the prison, alongside with Byron Hadley, chief captain of the guards. As his sentence unfolds, he meets Ellis Boyd Redding, an inmate also serving a life sentence. Andy is assigned to work in the prison's laundromat, and around the same time, he has various encounters with Bogs Diamond and his henchmen known as "The Sisters", who attack Andy during their encounters.

In 1949, Hadley is explaining that he is being taxed on an inheritance, and Andy offers to help him legal shelter some money to avoid penalization by the IRS. Bogs and his henchmen attack Andy again, forcing him to the infirmary for a month. Hadley savagely beats Bogs in retribution, paralyzing him and transferring him to a prison hospital upstate. Andy is assigned to help out elderly inmate Brooks Halten in the prison's library, where he helps resolve financial matters by writing weekly letters to the state legislature requesting funds.
In 1954, Brooks is paroled after serving fifty years, but he cannot adjust to the outside world, and commits suicide by hanging himself. The legislature finally responds by sending $200 and a selection of materials from a library district; among the recordings Andy receives is a copy of "The Marriage of Figaro". He plays the music over the P.A. system, much to the warden's resentment, and is sentenced to solitary confinement for two weeks. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving bribes. Andy launders the money using the alias "Randall Stephens".

In 1965, Tommy Williams is incarcerated for burglary. Andy helps Tommy pass his GED exam. In 1966, Tommy explains to Andy that his cellmate at another prison had claimed responsibility for the murders for which Andy was convicted. Andy turns this information in to Norton, but when he considers the warden obtuse and mentions about the money laundering, Norton has Andy sentenced to solitary confinement again. Norton summons Tommy outside one night to feign an escape attempt and orders Hadley shoot him to death as a show of execution. Norton visits Andy in his solitary cell to explain about Tommy's execution, and intends to seal off the library, remove Andy's protection from the guards, and move him to worse conditions in the area of the most hardened criminals. Andy opposes, and is given another month in solitary. After two months in solitary, Andy discusses his plans with Ellis about moving to a Mexican coastal town if he ever escapes prison.

During the next roll call, the guards find Andy's cell vacant, prompting them to sound the alarm for Norton, who demands an explanation of Andy's whereabouts. Irate and paranoid, Norton hurls some rocks, which one of them rips a poster, finding a big hole in the wall. A flashback shows Andy using rope to escape through the tunnel and a sewage pipe, taking Norton's suit, shoes, and ledger, containing proof of the money laundering. After his escape, Andy poses as Randall Stephens, withdraws the laundered money from several banks, and mails the ledger and other evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper. FBI agents and state police storm Shawshank and arrest Hadley, while Norton dies from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to avoid his arrest.
After forty years, Ellis is paroled. He visits a hayfield in Maine and finds a mysterious tree in the wilderness. He finds a cache containing money and a letter asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Feeling hope, Ellis travels to Fort Hancock, Texas and crosses the boarder to Mexico. He the reaches a beach in Zihuatanejo, reuniting with Andy.

Despite its poor box office returns, "The Shawshank Redemption" opened to generally positive reviews. Roger Ebert gave the movie 3.5 stars out of 4.

Cariba Heine

Cariba Heine (born October 1, 1988) is an actress who acts in movies and in television. She was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, and was raised in Australia. She played Bridget Sanchez in the movie "Blue Water High". She also had many other movies.

Harry Dean Stanton

Harry Dean Stanton (July 14, 1926 – September 15, 2017) was an American actor, musician, and singer. He was known for his roles in "Paris, Texas", "Kelly's Heroes", "Dillinger", "Straight Time", "Alien", "Repo Man", "Pretty in Pink", "The Last Temptation of Christ", "Wild at Heart", "The Green Mile", "The Pledge", "Rango" and "Lucky".

Stanton was a favorite of the late movie critic Roger Ebert who has said that "no movie featuring either Harry Dean Stanton or M. Emmet Walsh in a supporting role can be altogether bad." However, Ebert later admitted that "Dream a Little Dream" (1989), in which Stanton appeared, was a "clear violation" of this rule.

For his role in "Lucky", Stanton was posthumously awarded the Satellite Award in 2018 alongside Gary Oldman.

Stanton was born on July 14, 1926 in West Irvine, Kentucky. He studied at the University of Kentucky.

Stanton died on the afternoon of September 15, 2017 at a hospital in Los Angeles, California of respiratory failure at the age of 91.


Quora

Quora is a website for asking questions and posting answers. The company was launched in 2009 and the website opened in 2010.

Quora was founded by Adam D'Angelo and Charlie Cheever, both of them work for Facebook.

Making a Quora account is free and asking questions are free as well. Quora does not pay anyone for answering the questions asked by other users.

Quora has a Upvote/Downvote system. If you like an answer, you can upvote it and if you do not like it you can downvote it. Any user can upvote or downvote a question' answer no matter whether he asked that question or not. Quora has some strict policies to fight with spam and people posting copied content. If you do not follow them, your account will be suspended by the Quora Moderation team.


Gerry Bednob

Gerry Bednob (born May 18, 1950) is an American actor and comedian of Indo Trinidadian heritage.

Gerry starred as Bling Bling Shelton in "Free Radio" on VH1 from 2008 to 2009. He had a role in the 2010 movie "Furry Vengeance", with Brendan Fraser and Brooke Shields, playing Mr. Gupta. He is also the uncle of Michelle Jhagroo. He also appeared in "The 40-Year-Old Virgin".


Chinese Rail DF4D

The DF4D (4D) is a kind of diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works. It has been in production since 1996 and is still produced as of 2012. It is the common locomotive in China and is used for both passenger and freight services.

The first DF4D was built in 1996 in Dalian. The 0000 Series locomotives used the 16V240ZJD engine. It took several years to build all 580 locomotives of this type.It is called "Tiger" by Chinese raliway fans.

The first 3000 Series was built in 1999 in Dalian. It had full suspension bogies, electro-pneumatic braking system and fully enclosed electrical cabinets, ZD106 traction motor, and change the gear ratio. It is called "Flower Tiger" by Chinese raliway fans.

The first two 4000 Series locomotives were built in 1999 in Dalian,but using the number 0241 and 0242.

The 4000 Series' maximum operating speed is adjusted to 100 km / h, locomotive the starting tractive significantly increased to 480 kN, continuous tractive effort increased dramatically to 341 kN.

A 4000 Series Locomotive which numbered 1893 is 4th generation of Mao Zedong Locomotive. It has delisted.

4000 Series Locomotive is called "Ukraine" by Chinese raliway fans,because the coating color of the car looks like the Ukrainian flag upside down.

In order to adjust the mountain railways in southwest China, the first 7000 Series locomotive was built in 2000 in Dalian.The 7000 Series Locomotive using two three-axis self-steering radial bogies,but these 21 locomotives were replaced the ordinary bogies in 2007.

7000 Series Locomotive is called "Liuzhou Tiger" by Chinese raliway fans,because it spent it's working life on Liuzhou Locomotive Depot of Nanning Railway Bureau.


Lee Weaver

Lee Weaver (born April 10, 1930) is an American movie and television actor. He is known for his role in "O Brother, Where Art Thou?". He also appeared in "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air".

Weaver was born on April 10, 1930 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He has been married to 
Ta-Tanisha since 1971. They have one child. Weaver now lives in The Bronx, New York. 

Beth Behrs

Beth Behrs (born December 26, 1985) is an American actress. She stars in the CBS sitcom "2 Broke Girls". Her first movie role was in "". 

Behrs was born on December 26, 1985 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. , Behrs' boyfriend and husband was actor Michael Gladis. They married in 2018.

Kat Dennings

Kat Dennings (born Katherine Litwack; June 13, 1986) is an American actress. She began her career with a role in an episode of the HBO dramedy series "Sex and the City". Dennings has since appeared in the movies "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", "Big Momma's House 2", "Charlie Bartlett", "Raise Your Voice", "The House Bunny", "Defendor", "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist", and "Thor". She also co-stars in the CBS television series "2 Broke Girls". She has also guest starred in "The Newsroom".

Dennings was born on June 13, 1986 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was homeschooled; her only enrollment at a traditional school was for a half-day at Friends' Central School. In December 2011, Dennings began dating "2 Broke Girls" recurring actor Nick Zano.


Liberal Party (1922)

The Liberal Party, Liberal Union or the Liberal Union Party, was a political party in Australia. It was based in Victoria and South Australia. Active mainly in 1922, the party was formed by members of the Nationalist Party of Australia who did not support the leader, Prime Minister Billy Hughes. 

The party was begun by two Victorian men, Thomas Ashworth and Charles Merrett. Two federal Nationalist MPs, Victorian William Watt and South Australian Richard Foster, joined the Liberal Party. In the 1922 federal election three more MPs (John Latham from Victoria, and Malcolm Cameron and Jack Duncan-Hughes from South Australia) were elected. 

When the new Country Party refused to support Hughes, he decided to retire and leave the Prime Ministership to Stanley Bruce. All five Liberals rejoined the Nationalist Party, although they remained officially Liberals until 1925.

Gallurese

Gallurese ("") is a Romance language spoken in the northeastern part of Sardinia. It is seen as being related to the Corsican language and Sardinian language.

The language takes its name from the region of Gallura.

Sassarese language

Sassarese (local name "Sassaresu" or "Turritanu") is a Romance language. It is related to the Corsican language and the Sardinian language. It is also related to Gallurese. The latter is regarded as a Corsican dialect despite the geographic location, although this attribution is a matter of controversy. It can be considered a transitional language between Italo-Dalmatian languages 

Sassarese is spoken by approximately 120,000 people in the northwest coastal areas of Sardinia, Italy.

Samoset

Samoset (ca. 1590–1653) was the first Native American to speak with the Pilgrims in Plymouth Colony. On March 16, 1621, the people were very surprised when Samoset walked straight into Plymouth Colony where the people were living. He greeted them in English. Samoset said he had learned some of the language from some English fishermen that came to Maine.

Samoset was member of the Wampanoag tribe that lived in Maine. He was an important man within his tribe. Samoset talked with the leaders of Plymouth Colony. A few days later he came back with Squanto, an native leader who also spoke English.

Samoset is also sometimes called Somerset. The name Somerset may have been given by the English men who came from Somerset in England. Capt. Levett met Samoset, along with other Native American leaders, in 1624 in the harbor of present-day Portland, Maine.

This is part of an account of the first meeting with Samoset by the people of Plymouth Colony:

This story was adapted for an episode of "The Mayflower Voyagers", of the Peanuts television miniseries "This is America, Charlie Brown".

Samoset appeared in "William Bradford: The First Thanksgiving", 1992 direct-to-video episode of "Animated Hero Classics". He was voiced by Michael Howard.

The Samoset Council of the Boy Scouts of America (located in northern Wisconsin) is named after Samoset.

2013 Connecticut train crash

A Metro-North Railroad train from New York City heading to New Haven, Connecticut collided with another train on May 17, 2013. This event happened at 6:10 PM (EST). An east-bound Metro-North train went off its tracks and collided with a west-bound train near Fairfield, Connecticut.

On May 17, 2013, officials shut down the train which usually carries between 125,000 people daily. It is one of the most busiest trains in the area. Metro-North was also shut down. All Amtrak trains that uses the New York City-New Haven path are shut down. This is to avoid further collisions. Because of a bridge replacement, the two trains were the only way going and coming from New York City.

Investigators believe the trains collided because the tracks were damaged. Some say the damage was done when the trains collided. Others believe it was damaged before the two trains collided with each other. The wreckage of the trains were found to be as far as 200 yards away from the area the accident happened. Many cars that were near the event were heavily damaged. Connecticut governor, Dannel Malloy, believes this investigation will last several days. The FBI were part of the investigations. On May 18, they were no longer a part of the investigation crew.

One person is in critical condition at Bridgeport Hospital in Bridgeport, Connecticut as of May 19, 2013. There were five who were critically injured. One of them was "very critically injured". Six patients who were injured remain in St. Vincent's Medical Center, also in Bridgeport. Nine people are currently in the hospital, with 70 injured. Some reports state 60 people were injured. Many people saw broken limbs after this happened. 

Many people on the train had to break one of the trains windows to get out. There are no reported deaths. Many bodies flew out of the two trains.

The Metro-North train left from Grand Central Station in New York City at 4:41 p.m (EST) on May 17, 2013. There were 300 passengers on the train. It went off its track near I-95 in Bridgeport, Connecticut. The other train left New Haven, Connecticut at 5:30 pm. This train had 400 passengers. The two collided with each other at 6:10 pm near Fairfield, Connecticut.

Connecticut governor, Dan Malloy said in a press conference on May 18 that the investigation will be on-going for a couple days. A National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener said that they will not release further details on what happened. Bridgeport Mayor, Bill Finch believes the cost could hurt the region's economy by millions of US dollars. 

US senator Chris Murphy said that he is very pleased that no one has died from the collision. Richard Blumenthal, US senator, also said to the "New York Daily News" that he is happy to know no one has died.

Fairfield, Connecticut

Fairfield is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut. It is bordered by the towns of Bridgeport, Trumbull, Easton, Redding and Westport, Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 61,512. In July 2006, "Money" magazine ranked Fairfield the ninth "best place[s] to live" in the United States. They also said it is the best place to live in the northeastern part of the United States.


Isaac Allerton

Isaac Allerton ( 15601659) was born in England. In 1620, he travelled on the "Mayflower" with his wife, three children and apprentice John Hooke.

Allerton belonged to the religion which was not allowed in England. In 1614 he and his family moved to Leiden Netherlands where he worked as a tailor. He married and had three children.

The Allerton family and John Hooke, left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. They had intended to go to Virginia Colony but the ship was damaged so they landed at Cape Cod on 21 November. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Allerton signed the document.

In the first year many people died from the cold weather and hunger including Allerton's wife and his apprentice. Allerton worked with Plymouth Governors to help save the colony.

Starting in 1626, Allerton made many trips back and forth to England. The Mayflower passengers owed money to people in England who had helped pay for their voyage. Allerton was supposed to go to England and pay off some of this debt. Some of the people did not think that he was honest with the money. On one of his trips back from England, in 1630, Allerton came back without some of the supplies which they very much needed.

In 1634, another sickness came to Plymouth Colony which caused many people to die including Allerton's second wife Fear.

Allerton died in 1659 in New Haven, Connecticut. His first wife, Mary died in 1621 and was buried in Cole's Hill Burial Ground, Plymouth. The burial place of his second wife, Fear is unknown.

Victims of Terrorist Attack on the Pentagon Memorial

The Victims of Terrorist Attack on the Pentagon Memorial is a memorial dedicated to the victims of the September 11 attacks 2001 on The Pentagon. The memorial is shaped as a pentagon. It has the names of the victims of the attack by the American Airlines Flight 77 and the victims who died in the building. The memorial was opened in 2002 in the section of the victims graves at the Arlington National Cemetery. 


Patrick Geddes

Sir Patrick Geddes (2 October 1854 – 17 April 1932) was a Scottish biologist, sociologist, geographer, philanthropist and pioneering town planner. He developed a new urban theoris, including the second master plan of Jerusalem in 1919. He also developed the first master plan of Tel Aviv in 1925 that included the Bauhaus architecture in the White City of Tel Aviv. His other work was in India during the period of British India. A small memorial board to Patrick Geddes is under a bridge of the Heil HaShirion Street in Tel Aviv.



White City of Tel Aviv

The White City of Tel Aviv (, ) is the name of the Bauhaus (also called "internatioanl style") architectural area in Tel Aviv. After the 1920s eclectic architecture period in Tel Aviv, in the 1930s a new architectural style came to the city by Jewish-German architects. They brought the new style of the bauhaus to parts of the city. In 2003, these areas of Tel Aviv were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO for their unique architecture, under the name: White City of Tel Aviv. In 2000, the Tel Aviv Bauhaus Center opened in Dizengoff Street and in 2010 the Tel Aviv Bauhaus Museum opened in Bialik street next to the old City Hall.


Jerusalem Biblical Zoo

The Jerusalem Biblical Zoo, also known as the Tisch Family Zoological Gardens in Jerusalem (), is a public zoo in Jerusalem, Israel. It has all the animals that are in the Jewish Bible and the Talmud books. The zoo was established in Jerusalem in 1940. It moved many times until it moved to a permanent location near the Givat Masua neighborhood in 1993. A new aquarium dedicated to the fishes of the Land of Israel is planned for the near future.


Trumpeldor Cemetery

Trumpeldor Cemetery (, also called the Tel Aviv old cemetery) is a cemetery in Tel Aviv, Israel. It is in Trumpeldor Street, in the middle of the city. Many cultural and historical people are buried there, including Moshe Sharett, the second Prime Minister of Israel, and Max Nordau. The cemetery was founded in 1902. It was the first cemetery in Tel Aviv.


Yarkon Cemetery

The Yarkon Cemetery is a cemetery in Petah Tikva, Israel. Many cultural and famous Israeli artists are buried there, including Ofra Haza. The cemetery was established in 1991. It is named for the Yarkon River that extends along the cemetery.


Tarzan the Fearless

Tarzan the Fearless (1933) is both a 71-minute movie and a 12-chapter movie serial. It stars Buster Crabbe as Tarzan. This was his only appearance as Tarzan. The movie consisted of the first four chapters of the serial. "Tarzan the Fearless" was released in both formats on August 11, 1933.


Tarzan rescues elderly scientist Dr. Brooks. The man is held by the followers of Zar, God of the Emerald Fingers. His daughter Mary has also been searching for him. Tarzan searches for Mary. Everyone is captured by the people of Zar. They are brought before Eltar, the high priest. Two evil safari guides are killed. The others are freed, but they must never return. Mary and her father decide to stay with Tarzan.

Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars

Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars is a 1938 15-chapter science fiction Flash Gordon movie serial. It is based on a comic strip by Alex Raymond. It is the second of the three Flash Gordon movie serials made between 1936 and 1940. It is the second of the three Flash Gordon serials from Universal Pictures.

Buster Crabbe stars as Flash Gordon with Jean Rogers as Dale Arden, Frank Shannon as Dr. Zarkov, Charles B. Middleton as Ming the Merciless, and Beatrice Roberts as Queen Azura.

Flash, Dale, and Zarkov discover that Ming the Merciless and Azura, Queen of Mars, have joined forces to conquer Earth with a dangerous raybeam. Martians that oppose the two evil ones are turned into clay humanoids. The heroes join the humanoids to defeat the evil Ming and Azura.


The African Queen

The African Queen is a 1952 Anglo-American jungle adventure romance movie. It is based on the 1935 story "The African Queen" by C. S. Forester. The movie was directed by John Huston. The movie stars Humphrey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn. It is set in Africa in 1914.

Bogart won an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance. The movie has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry, with the Library of Congress deeming it "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant".

The Lady of Shalott

"The Lady of Shalott" is a poem by the English poet Alfred, Lord Tennyson (1809–1892). Like his other early poems – "Sir Lancelot and Queen Guinevere" and "Galahad" – the poem is about Arthurian subject matter loosely based on medieval sources.

Tarzan (TV series)

Tarzan is a television series. It aired on NBC from 1966 to 1968. Tarzan was played by Ron Ely. The character is depicted as a well-educated man who has tired of civilization and returns to the jungle where he was raised. The show kept many of the elements of the classic movie series, such as "Cheeta". Other elements, such as "Jane", were dropped. This is because the producer Sy Weintraub wanted a "new look" for the story. CBS aired reruns during the summer of 1969.

Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe

Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe is a 1940 12-chapter science fiction Flash Gordon movie serial. It was the last of the three Flash Gordon serials by Universal Pictures.

Buster Crabbe plays Flash Gordon with Carol Hughes as Dale Arden, Frank Shannon as Dr. Zarkov, Shirley Deane as Princess Aura, and 
Charles B. Middleton as Ming the Merciless. Jean Rogers had played Dale Arden in the two previous Flash Gordon serials, but did not want to repeat the role. Hughes played the role.

Ming the Merciless causes a plague on Earth. Flash, Dale, and Zarkov distribute an antidote. Ming sends an army of robot bombs after the three. Flash and friends kill Ming by locking him in a tower, then crashing a rocket ship into it. Ming's last words are "I am the universe!". Zarkov announces that Flash Gordon has "conquered the universe".



Tarzan Escapes

Tarzan Escapes is a 1936 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on the fictional characters and concepts created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is the third of the six MGM "Tarzan" movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan.

Captain Fry (Buckler), a hunter, captures Tarzan to put him on public display. Fry makes a deal with an unfriendly native tribe to give him food, canoes, and protection for the journey back to civilization. Fry's plan goes wrong when the natives capture Tarzan in his cage. Tarzan escapes with the help of elephants and Cheeta. Fry falls into a quicksand bog and dies. Tarzan and Jane are reunited at their treehouse.


Eternity

Eternity is a time without beginning or end, or infinite time. It is usually used when talking about heaven or hell.



King of the Jungle

King of the Jungle is a 1933 Paramount Pictures movie. It was directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and Max Marcin. It stars Buster Crabbe and Frances Dee.

Kaspa, a man raised in the African jungles by lions is captured by circus people and taken to New York City with his lion friends. The man escapes as the ship nears New York. Dressed in nothing but a loin cloth, he encounters a pretty girl on the streets who teaches him English. They fall in love. When a fire breaks out in the Brooklyn Zoo, panic stricken animals begin running wild in the streets. Kaspa saves the day.

Jean Rogers

Jean Rogers (March 25, 1916 – February 24, 1991) was an American movie actress. She starred in movie serials in the 1930s and B-movies in the 1940s. She played Dale Arden in the two movie serials "Flash Gordon" (1936) and "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars" (1938). She was wanted for the third and final serial, "Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe", but declined.

King of the Congo

King of the Congo is a movie serial. It is the 48th movie serial released by Columbia Pictures. It was based on the comic book character "Thun'da", created by Frank Frazetta. Buster Crabbe stars as Thunda and his alter ego Capt. Roger Drum. "King of the Congo" was both the last Tarzan-style serial and the last serial to star Buster Crabbe. Crabbe starred in nine serials between 1933 and 1952.


Division of Macquarie

The Division of Macquarie is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for Lachlan Macquarie, who was Governor of New South Wales between 1810 and 1821. Its best known member is Ben Chifley (ALP), who was Prime Minister of Australia from 1945 to 1949. 

It covers a large area west of Sydney, including the Blue Mountains, and the Hawkesbury region on Sydney's western edge. At different times it has included the city of Bathurst.


Iván Sánchez

Iván Sánchez (born Madrid, Spain, November 19, 1974) is a Spanish actor and model.

Sánchez was born on November 19, 1974 in Madrid. When he finished school he realized that his dream was to see the world. He worked as a model in different places in the world.

After his time as a model, Sánchez started acting. His first starring role was in 2005, in "El auténtico Rodrigo Leal". That series ridiculed the "Big Brother" type reality shows. His big break came a year later when he was offered the role of Doctor Raul Lara in the series "Hospital Central". Sánchez also acted in movies including "Besos de gato" (2003).

He starred in the series" El auténtico Rodrigo Leal" (2005). Since 2006, he has played physician Raul Lara del SAMUR in" Hospital Central". He also acted in "El pantano" (2003), "Javier ya no vive solo" (2003), "El comisario" (2003), "La sopa boba" (2004) and "Con dos tacones" (2006) and others.

In the theater, Sánchez acted in "Fool for Love".

In March 2011, Sánchez left "Hospital Central" to join the Spanish-American telenovela "La Reina del Sur" and later for the second season of "Hispania, la leyenda".

In 2013, Sánchez will start playing antagonist Hernán Saldaña in "La tempestad"..

Sánchez partner is the actress Elia Galera, who also worked on "Hospital Central". In 2006, their daughter Jimena was born. In 2010, their daughter Olivia was born. In 2011 they terminated their relationship, after six years of dating.






Division of Capricornia

The Division of Capricornia is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. The division was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the Tropic of Capricorn, which runs through the Division. It covers the area around Rockhampton on the central Queensland coast. It includes the towns of Mount Morgan and Yeppoon, and Great Keppel Island.

The most famous member was Frank Forde, who was the Prime Minister of Australia for eight days in 1945.


McLean, Virginia

McLean, Virginia, is a rich town in northern Virginia. It is part of the Washington, DC commuter area. Dick Cheney and Robert Kennedy lived in the town.

Division (military)

A division in an army is a group of usually about 10,000- 20,000 soldiers, though some divisions are larger or smaller. It is usually commanded by a Major General or equivalent officer. It is made up of several brigades. In the United States Army,almost all divisions have a Division Headquarters and multiple Brigades. There are Infantry Divisions,Airborne Divisions,Etc

In a Navy it has a different meaning. A division may be sub-unit of several ships within a squadron or flotilla, or a functional department within a warship, such as the fire control division. 

Discipline

Discipline is an important idea in organizing human action, including in the family and in work. It is related to the word disciple. Self-discipline is controlling your own actions. 

Military discipline is training people to obey rules and keep order. A disciplined soldier is one who can act even while afraid for his life. A disciplined person is one who does what must be done to achieve his goals, even if it is difficult.



Tarzan the Ape Man

Tarzan the Ape Man is a 1932 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' book "Tarzan of the Apes". It is the first of the six MGM Tarzan movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. Tarzan's yell was first heard in this movie. The animal character of Cheeta was created for this movie.

An African expedition led by James Parker is searching for the elephant burial grounds. Parker's daughter Jane is captured by Tarzan. At first, Jane is terrified. As time passes, she accepts him. She wants him to come to London with her, but Tarzan returns to the jungle. The expedition is captured by pygmies. Jane sends Tarzan's ape friend Cheeta for help. Tarzan comes to the rescue. Jane's father dies. Jane stays in the jungle with Tarzan.



Tarzan and His Mate

Tarzan and His Mate is a 1934 romantic jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on the fictional characters and concepts created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is the second of the six MGM "Tarzan" movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. In 2003, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant". It was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.

Tarzan and Jane are living in the jungle. Harry Holt and his business partner Martin Arlington want to steal the ivory from an elephant graveyard. Martin shoots an elephant. Jane keeps Tarzan from killing Martin. Martin tries to kill Tarzan. Jane thinks Tarzan is dead. She decides to leave the jungle. Cheeta and his ape friends nurse Tarzan back to health. Martin and Holt are killed by lions. Tarzan and his army of apes and elephants save Jane from the lions.



Tarzan of the Apes (1918 movie)

Tarzan of the Apes is a 1918 silent movie. It was directed by Scott Sidney. It stars Elmo Lincoln and Enid Markey. The movie was the first Tarzan movie ever made. It is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs's book "Tarzan of the Apes". The movie adapts only the first part of the book. The rest of the book became the sequel, "The Romance of Tarzan". The movie is considered the most faithful to the book of all the movie adaptations. 

Lord and Lady Greystoke are passengers on a ship bound for Africa. When the ship is taken over by mutineers, the two are left on a tropical coast. They die. Their infant son is adopted by Kala, an ape. She raises him as her own. 

The young Tarzan (Gordon Griffith) grows up among the apes. He becomes their king. A sailor discovers Tarzan. He reports to Tarzan's relatives in England. An expedition led by Professor Porter sets off to find Tarzan. 

The now-adult Tarzan (Elmo Lincoln) rescues Porter's daughter Jane (Enid Markey) when native villagers kidnap her. Tarzan romances her, and she comes to accept his love.


Elmo Lincoln

Elmo Lincoln (Otto Elmo Linkenhelt, February 6, 1889June 27, 1952) was an American movie actor. He played the first movie Tarzan in "Tarzan of the Apes" (1918). He played Tarzan in two other movies, "The Romance of Tarzan" (1918) and the movie serial "The Adventures of Tarzan" (1921). He appeared, uncredited, in two Tarzan movies in the 1940s. He was a circus roustabout in "Tarzan's New York Adventure" (1942), and a fisherman repairing his net in "Tarzan's Magic Fountain" (1949). His last movie was "Carrie" in 1952. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7042 Hollywood Boulevard.

Ron Ely

Ronald Pierce "Ron" Ely (born June 21, 1938) is an American actor and writer. He was born in Hereford, Texas. Ely played Tarzan in the 1966 NBC television series "Tarzan". He played the title role in the 1975 movie "". He writes mystery books.

Barbarastollen underground archive

The Barbarastollen underground archive is an underground archive for preserve Germany’s cultural heritage. The Barbarastollen is in a mine near Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It holds microfilms with about 900 million images from German archives and museums. 

Among the documents stored here are:

The Barbarastollen tunnel is the only cultural property in Germany under the protection of the Hague Convention of UNESCO. It is named after Saint Barbara. The entire complex is buried under 400 meters of rock. It is intended to survive a nuclear war. It is estimated that its contents should survive for at least 500 years without any serious damage.

NPY Women's Council

The Ngaanyatjarra Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Women's Council (NPY Women's Council, or NPYWC) is a community-based organisation that serves women of the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara communities in remote central Australia. It was formed in 1980, with its headquarters in Alice Springs. It provides a range of community, family, research and advocacy services, and represents the interests of women and their communities.

The idea for a women's organisation came during the late 1970s, when the Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara communities of northwestern South Australia were struggling for the rights to their land. During meetings about land rights, the women felt that their needs were not being met, so they decided to establish their own organisation. A women's meeting was held at Amaṯa in 1980. It was chaired by Pitjantjatjara elder Nganyinytja, who had been a leader among women throughout the land-rights struggle. The formation of the NPY Women's Council is said to have been partly inspired by a speech Nganyinytja made at demonstration in Adelaide later in the year.

The first meeting of the Women's Council was held in December 1980, in Kaṉpi. It was organised by Mantatjara Wilson and Diana James, and attended by about 40 women. Tjunmutja Myra Watson was chosen to be the organisation's first chairperson, and Diana James was chosen as the secretary.

The NPY Women Council's covers about 350,000 square kilometres of the remote area where the borders of Western Australia, South Australia and the Northern Territory meet. The region has a total population of about 6000. The council serves women belonging to the three indigenous groups in this region: the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara, who are closely related to one another. The area covered includes:

The NPY Women's Council has achieved recognition for its work. Awards include:


Carl Orff

Carl Orff (July 10, 1895 – March 29, 1982) was a German composer. Today, he is perhaps best remembered for his work Carmina Burana. Carmina Burana is a collection of texts from the Middle Ages. In 1937, Carl Orff wrote the music for some of these texts. His other well-known work, the Orff Schulwerk is aimed at teaching children about music. Carl Orff received many awards for his works. Amongst others he wrote "Reigen der Kinder", which was performed at the opening ceremony of the 1936 Summer Olympics. He also adapted the music for A Midsummer Night's Dream, which was originally written by Felix Mendelssohn. The problem was that Mendelsohn had Jewish roots, and the rulers of Germany at the time did not think this was suitable. Orff was a close friend of Kurt Huber, a prominent oppoent of the regime. Huber was a founding member of the opposition group White Rose. Huber was tried and executed in 1943.

Flash Gordon (1954 TV series)

Flash Gordon is a science fiction television series. It aired from October 15, 1954 to July 15, 1955. It is based on the characters in the Flash Gordon comic strip created by Alex Raymond. The series set is set in 3203. Flash (Steve Holland), Dale Arden (Irene Champlin) and Dr. Zarkov (Joseph Nash) are agents of the Galactic Bureau of Investigation. They travel the galaxy in their ship the "Sky Flash" to battle cosmic villains under the order of Commander Paul Richards (Henry Beckman).

The series was filmed in West Berlin and Marseille as a West German, French and American co-production by Intercontinental Television Films and Telediffusion. The series aired in syndication throughout most of the U.S. It aired on the east coast on the DuMont Television Network.

The series was popular with American audiences. Critical response was positive. Modern critics brush the series off. Some critics respond positively to the series's presentation of Cold War and capitalist themes.

Universal Studios had held the production rights to "Flash Gordon" but allowed them to lapse. Former Universal executives Edward Gruskin and Matty Fox struck a deal with Flash Gordon owners King Features Syndicate to produce the first 26 episodes of the series. The series was produced by Gruskin and Wenzel Lüdecke. Writers for "Flash Gordon" included Gruskin, Bruce Geller and Earl Markham. Episodes were directed by Wallace Worsley, Jr. and Gunther von Fritsch.

Production began in May 1953, with an empty beer hall in Spandau as the main shooting location. Only the lead actors and director Worsley spoke English. Worsley said: "No matter what galaxy we explored, everyone spoke with a German accent. The use of German actors who could not speak English required us to use a lot of close-ups. I would stand behind the camera, correctly positioned for the actor's look, and read his or her line; the actor would then repeat the line, mimicking my pronunciation and emphasis."

The series was budgeted at USD$15,000 per episode on a three-day-per-episode shooting schedule. Worsley withdrew from the project after completing the first 26 episodes. Production was moved to Marseille under the direction of Gunther von Fritsch for the 13 final episodes.



Self-cannibalism

Self-cannibalism is the act of eating oneself. It is also called autosarcophagy or autocannibalism.

Flash Gordon (1996 TV series)

Flash Gordon is a 1996 animated science fiction television series. It is based on the Flash Gordon comic strip created by Alex Raymond in 1934. Flash has appeared in several movie serials, a 1980 Flash Gordon movie, two live action television series, and two earlier cartoon series, "The New Adventures of Flash Gordon" and "Defenders of the Earth".

List of governors of Pennsylvania

The Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the head of the executive branch of Pennsylvania's government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military.

The job of the governor is to enforce state laws and to approve or veto bills passed by the Pennsylvania Legislature. The governor may grant pardons except in cases of impeachment.

There have been seven presidents and 46 governors of Pennsylvania. Two governors serving non-consecutive terms. There have been a total of 55 terms in both offices. The longest term was that of the first governor, Thomas Mifflin. He served three full terms as governor and two years as president. The shortest term belonged to John Bell. He served only 19 days as acting governor after Edward Martin resigned. The current governor is Josh Shapiro. His term began on January 17, 2023.

Pennsylvania was one of the first thirteen colonies. It became a state on December 12, 1787. 

The first constitution in 1776 created the Supreme Executive Council as the executive branch. The President was the leader of the Council. The president was picked each year by the council.

The 1776 constitution created the position of "vice-president" but it did not say what should happen if the president left office. This happened four times. Sources from that time still listed the chief executive as the vice president when that person acted as the president. One acting president, George Bryan, has since been recognized as a governor. This is because he acted as president for over six months.

The 1790 constitution ended the council. It replaced the president with a governor, and created a three-year term for governor. This term started on the third Tuesday of the December after the election. A governors could not serve more than nine out of any twelve years. The 1838 constitution moved the start of the term to the third Tuesday of the January after the election. It allowed governors to only serve six out of any nine years. The 1874 constitution lengthened the term to four years. It said that governors could not succeed themselves (be elected to another term while still in office). The current constitution of 1968 changed this to allow governors to serve two consecutive terms. There are no limits on the number of terms a governor may serve in total as long as there is a four year break after a second term.

If the governor dies, resigns or is impeached, the lieutenant governor becomes governor for the rest of the term. If the governor becomes unable to act as governor because of disability, the lieutenant governor only acts out the duties of governor. Should both offices be vacant, the president "pro tempore" of the state senate becomes governor. The position of lieutenant governor was created in the 1874 constitution. Before this, the speaker of the senate would act as governor in cases of vacancy. At first, the lieutenant governor could only act as governor. It was not until the 1968 constitution that the lieutenant governor could actually become governor. The office of governor has been vacant for an extended period of time once. There was a 17-day time period in 1848 between the death of Francis R. Shunk and the swearing in of William F. Johnston. Governors and lieutenant governors are elected on the same ticket.

, five former governors are alive. The most recent death of a former governor was that of Dick Thornburgh (1979–1987), on December 31, 2020. 




Jack Kirby

Jack Kirby (born Jacob Kurtzberg; August 28, 1917 – February 6, 1994) was a famous comic book artist. Kirby worked with Joe Simon to create Captain America. In the 1960s he worked at Marvel Comics with Stan Lee. Kirby and Lee created the superhero characters The Fantastic Four, X-Men, and The Hulk. In 1970 Jack Kirby left Marvel for DC Comics. At DC he wrote and drew a large story he called the Fourth World.

Bakdash

Bakdash is an ice cream parlor in Damascus, Syria. It is famous in the Arab world for its "Booza (Syrian ice cream)". 


Alpha and Omega

Alpha (Α or α) and Omega (Ω or ω) are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet. These two letters form a monogram, or symbol together, that represents one of the many names of Jesus Christ. 

The name is found in the Book of Revelation in the New Testament of the Bible, which was written in ancient Greek.


Milliarium

A Milliarium (plural milliaria) was a stone that was placed alongside Roman roads. Such stones were used from about the 3rd century BC. They marked the distance between two towns, and were placed at intervals of one Roman mile. This was about 1000 milia passum, or . In the celtic provinces, leagues are often used, these are 1500 milia passum, or about .

Very often the stones condain the following information:
Even if they look like modern road signs showing the distance to given places, this was probably not the first function of these stone pillars. What seems more likely is that they were used to show the power of the person who erected them; some were probably used for propaganda. Very often, the inscription of the emperor was in Latin, but the inscription of the distance was in Greek. The ordinary population could probably read the second part, but not the first. Today between 7.000 and 8.000 such stones are known. 

Mount Pico

Mount Pico () is a composite volcano (or stratovolcano); it is the highest point of the Portuguese island of Pico in the Azores. With an altitude of above sea level, it is more than twice the elevation of any other peak in the Azores, and the tallest mountain in Portugal.

Mount Pico is at the eastern end of Pico Island. On the top of the mountain, there is round crater about in diameter and deep. Inside this crater () there is a small elevation produced by a recent, in geological terms, eruption that is known with the name of Pico Pequeno or Piquinho, which is about high. From the base of Pico Pequeno, volcanic smoke gets out with a strong odor of sulfur.

In winter, the top of the mountain is covered with snow. Rains are frequent the whole year.

Mount Pico was made a "Natural Reserve" in 1982 to protect the mountain. The reserve () has an area of about 1,500 hectares (15 km) and is from about high to the top of the mountain.

There are trails for hiking and it is possible, for persons in good conditions and depending on weather, to get to the top of the mountain in around two to four hours from the beginning of the trail.

In the lower part of its slopes is the "Paisagem da Cultura da Vinha da Ilha do Pico" ("Landscape of the Pico Island Vineyard Culture"), classified by UNESCO as a World Heritage.


The Two Gentlemen of Verona

The Two Gentlemen of Verona is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. It is one of the first plays he wrote. According to "The Guardian", "it is far from being his most polished work".


Mario Party DS

Mario Party DS is a party board video game for the Nintendo DS. It is part of the "Mario Party" series of video games. It was released in Japan on November 8, 2007, in North America on November 19, 2007, and in Europe on November 23, 2007.

"Mario Party DS" features the same gameplay seen in previous "Mario Party" games. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. While most mini-games use the buttons and control pad, others use the console's stylus and microphone.

Five boards are in the game. Each board is themed around a character in the game. Eight characters are available for players to play as.

There are less than 70 minigames in "Mario Party DS". This paragraph will name them all:

Mario Party 8

Mario Party 8 is a party board video game for the Nintendo Wii. It is the eighth game in the "Mario Party" series of video games. It is the first "Mario Party" game for the Wii. It was released in North America on May 29, 2007, in Europe on June 22, 2007, and in Japan on July 26, 2007. The game was delayed in the United Kingdom after a slur was found in the game.

"Mario Party 8" plays the same as previous games in the "Mario Party" series. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. Gameplay is done with the Wii Remote.

Six boards are in the game. While some boards have players get stars the same way as in previous "Mario Party" games, others have different ways. For example, in "Koopa's Tycoon Town," players get stars by putting coins into hotels (like "Monopoly"). The hotels give stars to the player with the most coins in them. Fourteen characters are available for players to play as. Two characters, Blooper and Hammer Bro, make their first playable appearances in this game.

"Mario Party 8" was developed by Hudson Soft, like all of the other "Mario Party" games. It was announced in September 2006 as one of several games that Nintendo was going to release for the upcoming Nintendo Wii. The game was later shown off as a demo at E3 2006. The demo only included six minigames.

The game's launch in the United Kingdom had a lot of problems. The game was scheduled to release on June 22, 2007, but Nintendo delayed the British version to July 13, 2007 because of a "production issue". When the game released on July 13, it was then immediately recalled, which means it was removed from stores. In a press release, Nintendo said that the game was recalled because of an assembly error, but some retailers said that it was supposedly recalled because some copies had the word "spastic" in them. The word "spastic" is considered a very offensive slur against disabled people in British English. Ubisoft had recalled the PSP game "Mind Quiz" one month earlier because of the same word. The game was eventually re-released in the United Kingdom on August 3, 2007, with a different word used instead. Nintendo said that the price of the game would be the same and the number of copies available would not be affected.

Mario Party 7

Mario Party 7 is a party board video game for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It is the seventh game in the "Mario Party" series. It is the last "Mario Party" game for the Nintendo GameCube. It was released in North America on November 7, 2005, in Japan on November 10, 2005, and in Europe on February 10, 2006.

"Mario Party 7" plays the same as previous games in the "Mario Party" series. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. A new feature in this game is "Bowser Time". Every turn, a meter shaped like Bowser's face fills up a little bit. After every fifth turn, the meter fills up completely, and Bowser will appear to do something bad. What he does depends on the board.

Six boards are in the game. The last one has to be unlocked through Solo Made. Twelve characters are available for players to play as. Two of them, Birdo and Dry Bones, make their first playable appearances in this game.

Heinrich Rohrer

Heinrich Rohrer (6 June 1933 – 16 May 2013) was a Swiss physicist. He shared half of the 1986 Nobel Prize in Physics with Gerd Binnig for the design of the scanning tunneling microscope (STM). (The other half of the Prize was awarded to Ernst Ruska.) 

Rohrer was born on 6 June 1933 in Buchs, St. Gallen, Switzerland. He was raised in Zürich, Switzerland. Rohrer studied at Swiss Federal Institute of Technology. He was never married. Rohrer died on 16 May 2013 in Wollerau, Switzerland after battling a disease, aged 79.

List of United States senators from Illinois

Illinois was admitted to the Union on December 3, 1818, and has been represented in the United States Senate by 48 senators in history.

, six former senators are alive:

Flash Gordon (2007 TV series)

Flash Gordon is an American science fiction television series. It aired on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States from August 10, 2007 to February 8, 2008. It has also appeared on the United Kingdom Sci Fi Channel and SPACE in Canada. The series was developed by Peter Hume. It was not well received.

The series stars Eric Johnson as Steven "Flash" Gordon, Gina Holden as Dale Arden, Jody Racicot as Dr. Zarkov, John Ralston as Ming, and Anna van Hooft as Princess Aura.


Sixto Durán Ballén

Sixto Alfonso Durán-Ballén Cordovez (July 14, 1921 – November 15, 2016) was an American-born Ecuadorian political figure and architect. He served as Mayor of Quito between 1970 and 1978, and as President of Ecuador between 1992 and 1996. He served as congressman in 1984 and again in 1998.

Ballén was born Sixto Alfonso Durán-Ballén Cordovez on July 14, 1921 in Boston, Massachusetts. He married Josefina Villalobos in 1948.

He was elected mayor of Quito in 1970 and re-elected in 1974. In 1979 he ran as the PSC's presidential candidate, but was defeated by the populist Jaime Roldós Aguilera. In 1988 he ran again, but was eliminated in the first round.

After León Febres Cordero's faction inside the PSC succeeded in appointing Jaime Nebot as the party's presidential candidate in 1992, Durán Ballén and his supporters left the party to form the more right-wing Republican Union Party. Eventually, Durán defeated Nebot in the second round of the presidential election.

Ballén has two children. He was married to Josefina Villalobos. He lived in Quito. He was the oldest living former Ecuadorian president.

Ballén died on the night of November 15, 2016 at his home in Quito, aged 95.


The Hangover Part III

The Hangover Part III is an 2013 American comedy movie directed by Todd Phillips. It marked the third and final installement of the trilogy.


Hut

Hut may refer to:


2013 Moore tornado

The 2013 Moore tornado was a very violent EF5 tornado that went through Moore, Oklahoma on the afternoon of May 20, 2013. It killed at least 23 people and hurt 377 others, and caused very heavy damage. It had winds of up to 210 miles per hour (340 km/h). This tornado reminded people of the similar tornado that struck Moore fourteen years before, in 1999.

The tornado started northwest of Newcastle, Oklahoma, at 2:56 PM local time (Central Daylight Time). The tornado lasted for 37 minutes, and it traveled more than 17 miles. It was also 1.3 miles in diameter at its worst. The tornado passed through the area of Moore with the highest amount of people. The tornado was similar in size, severity, and followed a similar path with a tornado that also struck the town in 1999.


Tarzan Finds a Son!

Tarzan Finds a Son! is a 1939 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on the fictional characters and concepts created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is the fourth of the six MGM Tarzan movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. Johnny Sheffield makes his debut as Boy in this movie.

An airplane flying to Cape Town crashes in the jungle. Everyone is killed, except a baby. Cheeta rescues the baby. Tarzan and Jane adopt him. They name him "Boy". Five years later, a search party comes to the jungle looking for Boy. He is the heir to a fortune worth millions. Jane wants Boy to go back to civilization. In the end though, Boy stays with Tarzan and Jane in the jungle.


Tarzan's Secret Treasure

Tarzan's Secret Treasure is a 1941 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on the fictional characters and concepts created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The movie is the fifth of the six MGM Tarzan movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. Johnny Sheffield plays Boy.

Two crooks find out that there is gold in the jungle. They kidnap Jane and Boy in order to make Tarzan show them the location of the treasure. Everyone is captured by natives. Tarzan comes to their rescue.


Tarzan's New York Adventure

Tarzan's New York Adventure is a 1942 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on the fictional characters and concepts created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is the sixth and last of the MGM Tarzan movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. Johnny Sheffield plays Boy. The first movie Tarzan, Elmo Lincoln, plays a circus worker.

Circus workers looking for lions in the jungle kidnap Boy. They take him back to the United States for their show. Tarzan, Jane, and Cheeta go to New York City in search of Boy. Tarzan finds the circus where Boy is being held captive. The circus elephants break free. They destroy the circus. Tarzan rescues Boy in the confusion. A judge grants Tarzan and Jane full custody of Boy.



Johnny Sheffield

Johnny Sheffield (April 11, 1931October 15, 2010) was an American child actor. He won the part of Boy in the 1939 movie "Tarzan Finds a Son!" after beating out more than 300 other children. He co-starred with Johnny Weissmuller in seven more Tarzan movies. He also played Bomba, the Jungle Boy in 12 movies between 1949 and 1955. He retired from acting after the twelfth and last Bomba movie. He went on to get a business degree at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). He worked in contracting and real estate. He died of a heart attack after falling off a ladder while pruning a palm tree. He was married and had two sons and a daughter.


Wild haggis

Wild haggis ("Haggis scoticus") is a real creature. It is said that it is native to the Scottish Highlands. It is actually said to be the source of haggis. They are quite large and have several toes. They must feed.

"Haggis scoticus" is classified within the family "Haggidae", a group of mammals exclusive to the Scottish Highlands. Genetic analyses suggest that the Wild Haggis diverged from its closest relatives in the late Pleistocene, adapting to the specific ecological niches of its highland habitat.

The Wild Haggis is renowned for its unusual anatomy, which is perfectly adapted to the steep slopes of its mountainous environment. Adults typically measure between 5 to 20 meters in length, with a dense moldy fur coat that provides insulation against the harsh Scottish weather.

The most striking feature of the Haggis is its asymmetric legs, with one side being significantly shorter than the other. This adaptation allows it to navigate the steep slopes of its habitat with remarkable agility. There are two subspecies, each with legs shorter on the opposite side, facilitating clockwise or counter-clockwise navigation around mountains. This unique characteristic has long intrigued scientists, providing insights into evolutionary adaptations.

"Haggis scoticus" is found exclusively in the Scottish Highlands, where it prefers open moorland and mountainous terrain. The distribution of the two subspecies is closely tied to the topography of their habitat, with each adapted to either the eastern or western highlands, depending on the prevalent slope direction.

Wild Haggis are solitary creatures, with a diet primarily consisting of roots, leaves, and small insects. They are most active during dawn and dusk, employing their keen sense of smell to locate food. The mating season in early spring leads to elaborate courtship displays, involving a series of vocalizations and a display of agility, showcasing their ability to navigate the terrain.

The conservation status of the Wild Haggis is currently classified as "Least Concern" by the Scottish Wildlife Trust. However, there are ongoing concerns about habitat loss and the impact of climate change on their mountainous ecosystems. Conservation efforts focus on habitat preservation and public education about the species and its importance in Scottish natural heritage.

The Wild Haggis holds a special place in Scottish culture, symbolizing the rugged beauty and mystery of the Highlands. It is celebrated annually on Burns Night, where the traditional dish of haggis is served, paying homage to the legendary creature. The Wild Haggis also features prominently in Scottish folklore, often depicted as a cunning creature, elusive and enigmatic.

The unique evolutionary adaptations of the Wild Haggis continue to attract scientific interest. Ongoing research focuses on its ecological role, genetic diversity, and the potential impact of environmental changes on its populations. "Haggis scoticus" serves as a fascinating case study in evolutionary biology and conservation science, illustrating the complex interplay between species and their environments.

Babes in Arms

Babes in Arms is a 1939 musical movie starring Judy Garland and Mickey Rooney. It was directed by Busby Berkeley. The movie is about the children of vaudeville performers who want to prove to their elders that they can sing and dance on Broadway.

It is based on the 1937 Broadway musical of the same name by Richard Rodgers and Moss Hart. Most of the original music was cut for the movie. The song "Good Morning" by Arthur Freed and Nacio Herb Brown was written for the movie and was later featured in the Gene Kelly movie "Singin' in the Rain". A new finale called "God's Country" was prepared for the movie.

Garland and Rooney parodied Franklin Delano Roosevelt and his wife Eleanor in a segment called "My Day". The segment was removed when Roosevelt died in 1945. "Babes in Arms" was nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Actor in a Leading Role (Mickey Rooney) and Best Music, Scoring (Roger Edens and Georgie Stoll).


Quicksand (movie)

Quicksand is a 1950 United Artists film noir (crime movie) starring Mickey Rooney. It tells of a garage mechanic's descent into crime after unwisely taking $20 from the garage's cash register to pay for a date.

Nuss Procedure

The Nuss Procedure is a surgical procedure to correct Pectus excavatum, as a birth defect also known as sunken chest syndrome. The procedure inserts a metal bar into the chest.

The vacuum bell has been improved as a nonsurgical method to finally treat pectus excavatum.

G-funk

G-funk (or gangsta funk), is a sub-genre of hip hop music. It is derived from West Coast gangsta rap. In the early 1990s it became the most popular genre of hip hop.

Lafayette, Louisiana

Lafayette is the most populous city in the Acadiana region, it is the fourth most populous city in the state of Louisiana (after New Orleans, Baton Rouge and Shreveport). The original name was Vermilionville, as which it was founded around 1821. The name "Lafayette" comes from the name of a French military hero who fought with and helped the American Army during the American Revolutionary War. In 2020 the population was over one hundred and twenty thousand. The city lies in Lafayette Parish.

Comedy hip hop

Comedy hip hop (or Comedy rap) is a musical genre that combines hip hop music with comedy. While gangsta rap came with its dark and violent themes in the 1990s, comedy rap came with its very light and very humorous themes in the 1980s. While very few rappers make comedy rap their focus, it still keeps its royalties with hip hop.


Electric violin

An electric violin is a string instrument which is played with a bow, like a normal violin. The strings are usually tuned to the notes G, D, A, and E, but it could have its pitches changed as it is electric. It is held between the left collar bone (near the shoulder) and the chin. Different notes are made by fingering with the left hand while bowing with the right. It has no frets or other markers. Players have to learn the exact place to put the fingers of the left hand and memorise them. Luthiers tend to fix electric violins as well.
The modern electric violin is about 10 years old. Similar string instruments have been around for almost 1,000 years. It became the most enjoyable electric instrument played along with the electric bass. It is used as a solo instrument, in rock and sometimes blues. It is also used in folk music.

An electric violin is normally not in the shape of a normal violin, but in wacky shapes and colours.

Xbox One

The Xbox One is the third video game console made by Microsoft, succeeding the Xbox 360. It was announced on May 21, 2013. It was first released on November 22, 2013, ahead of Sony's PlayStation 4. Microsoft marketed the Xbox One as an "all-in-one entertainment system", which is where its name comes from. 

The Xbox One S was released in 2016 as a successor to the original Xbox One model, around the same time that the Xbox 360 was discontinued. The Xbox One S has a smaller form factor and supports both HDR and 4K video. The Xbox One S was praised for its smaller size, visual upgrades, and lack of an external power supply. The Xbox One received another upgrade in 2017: the Xbox One X. The Xbox One X featured upgraded hardware and support for natively rendering video at 4K. The system was succeeded by the Xbox Series X and Series S consoles, which launched on November 10, 2020.

At launch the Xbox One was not backwards compatible. However, at E3 2015, Xbox 360 games were announced to be added and in E3 2017, Microsoft announced that they will also add original Xbox games.

On August 29, 2017, Microsoft discontinued the original Xbox One in favor of the Xbox One S and X. The Xbox One X and Xbox One S All-Digital Edition were discontinued on July 16, 2020, about the same time when the Xbox Series X series was released, leaving the standard Xbox One S as the only Xbox One model to still be in production.

Just like the Xbox One's predecessor, it had its own Kinect. It was announced during the E3 2010 press conference, and was released on November 4, 2010. However in 2017, Microsoft decided to discontinue it and stopped developing on it.

The Xbox One S is a newer model of the original Xbox One, announced at E3 2016 and released on August 2, 2016.

The Xbox One X is the latest model of the original Xbox One, it was announced at E3 2017 and was later released on November 7, 2017.

Microsoft designed the console to originally being Xbox 720 in 2010. However, they decided to change it into Xbox One in 2012. It was released on November 22, 2013, a year after the Wii U and one week after the PlayStation 4.


Rapeseed

Rapeseed ("Brassica napus") is a type of plant that produces bright yellow flowers. It is a member of the family Brassicaceae. Some of its uses are to get vegetable oil.

Reconstructionist Judaism

Reconstructionist Judaism is a movement within Judaism that started in the 1920s. People like Mordecai Kaplan (1881-1983) believed that Judaism is like a civilization that constantly develops. The Jewish society therefore develops much like any other society. As a result, the Jewish religion needs to adapt to these changes. There are about 13 million Jews in the world, about half of them live in the United States. Of these, about three percent, or 180,000 people, see themselves as Reconstructionist.


Bomba, the Jungle Boy

Bomba, the Jungle Boy is a series of adventure books for boys. There are 20 books in the series. The books were made by the Stratemeyer Syndicate, and were written under the pen name Roy Rockwood. They were first published by Cupples and Leon beginning in 1926. Since then, they have been reprinted by Grosset and Dunlap and others.

The main character of the stories is "Bomba". He is a wild boy living in the jungle. Some of his stories are set in South America and others in Africa.


A series of adventure movies about Bomba in the African jungle were made between 1949 and 1955. There are 12 movies in the series. The stories are based on characters and concepts from the books. The first movie in the series is "Bomba, the Jungle Boy"; the final movie is "Lord of the Jungle".

The movies were distributed by Monogram Pictures (known Allied Artists Pictures after 1953). They were all directed by Ford Beebe, and star Johnny Sheffield as Bomba. The only other actor to appear regularly in the series was Smoki Whitfield, who appeared in nine of them.

"Bomba, the Jungle Boy" is the first of the twelve Bomba movies starring Sheffield. It was first released in the United States on 20 March 1949. It also stars Peggy Ann Garner and Onslow Stevens. Whitfield appears as a native guide named Eli. The movie is about a young girl who becomes lost in the jungle. It runs for 70 minutes.

"Bomba on Panther Island" is the second movie in the series. The story is about Bomba's encounter with a man-eating panther during a brush fire. It also stars Allene Roberts and Harry Lewis. Whitfield appears as native guide Eli. It was first released on 18 December 1949. It runs for 70 minutes.

"The Lost Volcano" was released on 25 June 1950. It is about two crooks looking for gold who kidnap a little boy. It also stars Marjorie Lord, Donald Woods and Tommy Ivo. It runs for 76 minutes.

"Bomba and the Hidden City" (or, The Hidden City) was released on 24 September 1950. In this movie, Bomba tries to restore a stolen throne to its rightful owner. It also stars Sue England and Paul Guilfoyle. Whitfield appears as Hadji. The movie runs for 71 minutes.

"The Lion Hunters" (sometimes Bomba and the Lion Hunters) was released on 25 March 1951. The story is about Bomba's attempt to save lions from hunters catching them for zoos. It also stars Woody Strode, and Morris Ankrum. Whitfield plays Jonas. It runs for 75 minutes.

"Elephant Stampede" (sometimes, Bomba and the Elephant Stampede) was released on 28 October 1951. The story is about two elephant hunters who plan to steal a load of ivory, but Bomba calls on friendly elephants to trample them to death. It also stars Edith Evanson, John Kellogg and Myron Healey. It runs for 71 minutes.

"African Treasure" (sometimes, Bomba and the African Treasure) was released in 1952. In this movie, Bomba captures a pair of diamond smugglers. It also stars Laurette Luez, Lyle Talbot and Martin Garralaga. Whitfield appears as Eli. It runs for 70 minutes.

"Bomba and the Jungle Girl" (sometimes, Jungle Girl) was released on 7 December 1952. In this movie, Bomba searches for the graves of his parents. It also stars Karen Sharpe and Walter Sande. It runs for 70 minutes.

"Safari Drums" (sometimes, Bomba and the Safari Drums) was released on 21 June 1953. In this movie, Bomba solves the death of a geologist killed during the shooting of a movie. It also stars Barbara Bestar and Emory Parnell. Whitfield plays native guide Eli. It runs for 71 minutes.

"The Golden Idol" was released on 10 January 1954. The story is about an evil Arab chieftain who steals a golden idol from an African tribe. It also stars Paul Guilfoyle, and Whitfield plays native guide Eli. It runs for 71 minutes.

"Killer Leopard" (sometimes Bomba and the Killer Leopard) was released on 22 August 1954. In this movie, Bomba searches for a man lost in the jungle, and a leopard that is tearing people to pieces. It also stars Beverly Garland. Whitfield reappears as friendly native guide Eli. It runs for 70 minutes.

"Lord of the Jungle" was released on 12 June 1955. It is the twelfth and last of the twelve Bomba movies starring Sheffield. It is also Sheffield's last movie. He retired from acting to attend college. The movie also stars Wayne Morris and Nancy Hale. Whitfield reappears as native guide Eli. The story is about a herd of elephants Bomba saves from slaughter. It runs for 69 minutes.



Stratemeyer Syndicate

The Stratemeyer Syndicate produced many book series for children. These series included the "Nancy Drew" books, "The Hardy Boys", the various "Tom Swift" series, the "Bobbsey Twins", the "Rover Boys", "Bomba the Jungle Boy", and others.

Ford Beebe

Ford Ingalsbe Beebe (November 26, 1888 – November 26, 1978) was a screenwriter and movie director. He was the son of Oscar and Mary Ingalsbe Beebe. He began writing for the movies about 1916. Over the next 60 years, he wrote and/or directed almost 200 movies. He made B-movies (mostly Westerns) and movie serials. He worked on the Buck Rogers and Flash Gordon serials starring Buster Crabbe, and on the 12 Bomba movies starring Johnny Sheffield. 

Nekhbet

Nekhbet was a goddess in Egyptian mythology, who was depicted as a vulture. She was the protector of a city but grew into the protector of upper Egypt, protector of child birth and the protector of the pharaohs.

Adlai Stevenson III

Adlai Ewing Stevenson III (October 10, 1930 – September 6, 2021) was an American politician of the Democratic Party. He represented the state of Illinois in the United States Senate from 1970 until 1981. His father was Governor Adlai Stevenson II and his grandfather was Vice President Adlai E. Stevenson.

Stevenson III was born in Chicago, Illinois on October 10, 1930. He went to Milton Academy in Massachusetts, Harrow School, in England, and Harvard College. Stevenson had one son with his wife Nancy Anderson.

Stevenson died from problems caused by Lewy body dementia at his home in Chicago on September 6, 2021, at age 90.


Alan J. Dixon

Alan John Dixon (July 7, 1927 – July 6, 2014) was a Democratic politician who was elected to various Illinois state offices from 1951 to 1981 and served as United States Senator from Illinois from 1981 until 1993.

In the 1980 Senate election, Dixon beat Lieutenant Governor Dave O'Neal for the senate seat.

Dixon in Belleville, Illinois on July 7, 1927. He studied at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and at Washington University in St. Louis. During his campaign, Karl Rove once stole 1000 sheets of his campaign and later printed "free beer, free food, girls and a good time for nothing".

Dixon died on July 6, 2014 from natural causes just 1 day shy of his 87th birthday.

Ecuadorian Americans

An Ecuadorian American is an American who is of Ecuadorian ancestry. Ecuadorian Americans can be Mestizo, White, Afro-Ecuadorian, Indigenous, Mulato, or Zambo. 

American singer Christina Aguilera is of Ecuadorian descent. Former Ecuadorian Presidents Sixto Durán Ballén and Galo Plaza were born in the United States, but their parents were from Ecuador. Voice actor Mike Judge was born in Ecuador to American parents.

Alameda High School

Alameda High School is a high school in Alameda, California. Alameda High was founded in 1873 with the first class graduating in 1874.

Varsity sports include:


Mohammad Khaled Hossain

Mohammed Khaled Hossain (), also known as Sajal Khaled (October 30, 1978 – May 21, 2013) was a Bangladeshi mountaineer and movie director. He was the fifth Bangladeshi to reach the top of Mount Everest. He reached the summit around 10:00am and 11:00am BST on 21 May 2013 and hoisted the flag of Bangladesh. He died while climbing back down. The accident might have occurred a few hours after he had reached the peak.

Khaled Hossain (Sajal) studied at Adamjee Cantonment Public School & College. He passed his SSC in 1993 and HSC in 1995. Sajal graduated with a bachelor's degree (Hons.) in computer science and a master's degree in film studies.

Mohammad Khaled Hossain is the youngest child of his parents. His father's name is Abdul Aziz and mother's name is Sufia Begum. He got married to Tahmina Khan Saily, an entrepreneur. Their only son is Susmit Hossain.

Khaled got to the peak between 10:00am and 11:00am on the day. The accident might have occurred a few hours after he had reached the summit.


Navi Mumbai

Navi Mumbai is a planned satellite city of Mumbai, on the west coast of Maharashtra in India. It was developed in 1972 as a new urban township of Mumbai, and is currently the largest planned city in the world.

Navi Mumbai, in the eastern harbour of Mumbai, is one of the world's largest planned townships. Since independence, there was a specific reason to build a new city on the mainland across the harbour: to lower the population of Mumbai, an island city whose physical expansion had a limit. It was regarded as an alternative for the many people who wanted to come to Mumbai from all over India. This decision required the Maharashtra government to relocate its seat of governance along with all its important offices to this new city, and completely stop the backbay reclamation project in the island city. It did not do this. It continued with the reclamation and put brakes on the efforts of CIDCO (such as the shifting of wholesale markets).

Planning of Navi Mumbai did not fully begin until 1971. South Navi Mumbai is being quickly developed with modern infrastructure in parts of Kharghar, Kamothe, New Panvel and Kalamboli.

The City and Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO) was formed on 17 March 1971, under the Indian Companies Act, 1956. The area covered of the total of the Konkan coast. Privately owned land with 86 villages covering within the present limits of Navi Mumbai and further villages measuring an additional were acquired by the government of Maharashtra.

CIDCO carved out 16 nodes small townships with a view towards facilitating comprehensive development. These nodes are named Airoli, Ghansoli, Kopar Khairane, Juhu Nagar, Vashi, Turbhe, Sanpada, Nerul, CBD Belapur, Kharghar, Kamothe, New Panvel, Taloja, Kalamboli, Ulwe, and Dronagiri. CIDCO acquired of land, of which was private land, salt-pan land and government land. By 2000, CIDCO had developed about of land. Of this land, is saleable under various land uses. CIDCO has sold about leaving a balance land for sale about under various land uses.

CIDCO planned and constructed all the railway stations in Navi Mumbai and developed nearby areas commercially.
In 1973, the Vashi bridge was opened to the public for residents of Vashi, CBD Belapur and Nerul. The Sion-Panvel Expressway was built to reduce the time taken to travel from Sion to Panvel. Initially there was not much response to the new city. Major changes took place only after 1990, with the commissioning of a wholesale agricultural produce market at Vashi and the construction of a commuter railway line from Mankhurd to Vashi in May 1992. These developments caused a sudden growth in economic activities and population in Navi Mumbai.

By the end of the 1990s, the planning authority of Navi Mumbai started private participation in the developmental activity of Navi Mumbai.

A new railway line between Nerul and Uran was opened on 12 Jan 2024 by Shri Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India. Kharghar and Panvel are experiencing major infrastructural developments due to their being close to the proposed Navi Mumbai International Airport.

When Navi Mumbai was created in 1970s, CIDCO was the only authority that looked after the development and maintenance of the city. CIDCO made a developmental plan for Navi Mumbai covering 95 villages. 

For the first ten years of the project CIDCO was the planning and administrative body, and as the developer and builder for the project. Taxes on property, land, commercial and water were payable to CIDCO. The 14 nodes which CIDCO created were named Airoli, Ghansoli, Kopar Khairane, Juhu Nagar, Vashi, Turbhe, Sanpada, Nerul, CBD Belapur, Kharghar, Kamothe, New Panvel, Kalamboli, Ulwe, Pushpak and Dronagiri. Each of the nodes is divided into smaller groups called sectors.

Initially only Juhu, Vashi, Nerul and CBD Belapur were developed by CIDCO with housing, schools and community centre roads. But after the arrival of the harbour railway line extension in 1990s, there was an increase in population. CIDCO shifted its development plan to nodes like Kharghar, Kamothe, New Panvel, and Kopar Khairane. In its new development plan, CIDCO land was allocated to builders for housing. CIDCO only provided basic infrastructure like roads, water and electricity, these nodes were developed mostly by private builders according to the CIDCO plan.

On 17 December 1991, Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) was created by the state government for maintaining some of the developed nodes of Navi Mumbai.

Local self-government started on 1 January 1992. NMMC was handed nine of the 25 nodes of the Navi Mumbai project area for its administration. However, CIDCO, as a planning authority, has rights on the open plots in these five nodes.

The nine nodes maintained by NMMC are CBD Belapur, Nerul, Vashi, Juhu Nagar, Turbhe, Kopar khairane, Ghansoli, Airoli, Digha, and Sanpada as of 1 January 1998, with the physical and social infrastructure already in place.

With annual budget exceeding Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation, it is rated amongst the richest corporations in Maharashtra.

The municipal corporation is headed by a municipal commissioner and an elected mayor. There are 64 electoral wards in Navi Mumbai. A corporator is elected for each of the wards.

The newly developed nodes of Navi Mumbai on the south: Kharghar, Kamothe, New Panvel and Kalamboli are still maintained by CIDCO. These nodes, which are all beyond CBD Belapur, come under the Raigad district and are under the maintenance of CIDCO.

As per provisional reports of Census India, population of Navi Mumbai as of 2011 is 1,119,477; of which male and female are 611,501 and 507,976 respectively. Although Navi Mumbai city has population of 1,119,477; its urban population is 18,414,288 of which 9,894,088 are males and 8,520,200 are females.

In education section, total number of literates in Navi Mumbai city are 911,542 of which 519,257 are males while 392,285 are females. Average literacy rate of Navi Mumbai city is 91.57 percent of which male and female literacy was 95.05 and 87.33 percent. 
The sex ratio of Navi Mumbai city is 831 females per 1000 males. Child sex ratio is 901 girls per 1000 boys.

Avinashi

Avinashi (previously known as Thirupukkoliyur) is a municipality in Tirupur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is one of the fastest growing western suburbs of Coimbatore. Avinashi is one of seven taluks of Tirupur district. These are: Udumalaipettai, Kangeyam, Dharapuram, Palladam, Madathukulam, Tiruppur, and Avinashi. Avinashi is on National Highway NH47, which now bypasses the town. It is a town with rich cultural heritage and also keeping up with the fast developments of the adjacent city.

In local administration, the Avinashi town is a municipality while in the state administrative structure Avinashi is a Taluk in the district of Tirupur. The Corporation of Coimbatore has drafted a Master Plan that aims to develop Avinashi as a satellite town around the Coimbatore city.

Sedimentology

Sedimentology is the study of sediments such as sand, mud (silt), and clay. How they are laid down today is used to understand how rocks were formed. A person who studied sedimentology is called Sedimentologist. They use their understanding of modern processes to interpret sedimentary rocks and sedimentary structures.

Sedimentary rocks cover most of the Earth's surface, record much of the Earth's history, and contain the fossil record. Sedimentology is closely linked to stratigraphy, which is the study of the physical and temporal (time) relationships between rock layers or strata.

The idea that the processes affecting the earth today are the same as in the past is called uniformitarianism. It is the basis for finding out how sedimentary features in the rock record were formed. By comparing similar features today to features in the rock record—for example, by comparing modern sand dunes to dunes preserved in ancient aeolian sandstones—geologists reconstruct past environments.

Jaws' Teeth

Jaws' Teeth is a film prop used by "Jaws" (Richard Kiel) in the James Bond films "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker". 

Four Great Inventions

The Four Great Inventions are the four most important inventions in the history of China. They are celebrated in Chinese culture for their historical importance. They are seen as symbols of China's advanced science and technology.

The Four Great Inventions are:

These four discoveries had a big impact on the development of Chinese civilization. They also had a big impact on global technology. Some modern Chinese scholars have argued that other Chinese inventions had an even bigger impact on civilization.

Geological map

A geological or geologic map is a special-purpose map made to show geological features. William Smith made the first geological map of England.

Rock units or strata are shown by colour or symbols which show where they are exposed at the surface. Three-dimensional features like faults, folds, with symbols which give these features' orientations.

Stratigraphic contour lines may be used to illustrate the surface of a selected strata illustrating the subsurface topographic trends of the strata. Isopach maps detail the variations in thickness of stratigraphic units. It is not always possible to show this properly: the strata may be extremely fractured, mixed, or otherwise disturbed. There are often gaps (discontinuities) where erosion has removed strata.

Wu Zetian

Wu Zetian (Wu Tse-tien; ; 625 AD – 705 AD), was the first female monarch of China. She ruled under the name of her self-proclaimed Zhou Dynasty, from 690 to 705. She had previously been a member of the Tang Dynasty. Wu was a concubine of Emperor Taizong. After his death, she married his successor and 9th son, Emperor Gaozong in 655. After Gaozong's stroke in 660, Wu Zetian ruled as effective sovereign until 705. She is the only woman to have ruled China in her own right.

Movie serial

A movie serial is a movie broken into a several segments called "chapters" or "episodes". The segments are short. In the past, movie serials were originally shown in theaters with cartoons, newreels, and two movies. Each chapter was shown at the same theater for one week. A chapter ended with a cliffhanger, in which the hero or heroine was left in a dangerous situation. Viewers had to return each week to see the cliffhanger resolved and to follow the continuing story. Movie serials were popular with children. Heroes included Flash Gordon, Buck Rogers, Tarzan, Dick Tracy, and others.

Enhanced Fujita scale

The Enhanced Fujita scale is a tornado category scale used to measure tornadoes in the United States and Canada, and some other countries by how bad their damage is. It is a replacement of the old Fujita scale that was made in 1971. The National Weather Service started using it on February 1, 2007 and Canada started in April 2013. More countries have used it since then. The weakest tornadoes on this scale are rated EF0, and the strongest ones are rated EF5. Tornadoes with the EF5 label represent winds faster than 200 miles an hour. No tornadoes in the United States that happened before February 1, 2007 will have their ratings changed to the new scale.

UFC 158

UFC 158: St-Pierre vs. Diaz was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on March 16, 2013 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

The main event was the culmination of the rivalry between Georges St-Pierre and Nick Diaz, with the latter having expressed his desire to fight the current champion for nearly two years.
A rematch between Alessio Sakara and Patrick Côté, from UFC 154, was briefly linked to this event. However, Sakara was forced out of the bout due to renal stress.

Sean Pierson was expected to face Rick Story at the event. However, Pierson pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Quinn Mulhern.

Rory MacDonald was originally scheduled to face Carlos Condit in a rematch. However, on February 18, it was announced that MacDonald pulled out of the bout citing a neck injury. Condit instead faced Johny Hendricks, who was pulled from his bout with Jake Ellenberger.<ref name="Condit/Hendricks"></ref> Ellenberger then faced returning veteran Nate Marquardt.

Mitch Gagnon was expected to face Issei Tamura at the event. However, Gagnon was forced out of the bout with an injury and was replaced by T.J. Dillashaw.

Johnny Eduardo was expected to face Yves Jabouin at the event. However, on March 6, Eduardo was forced to pull out of the bout citing a shoulder injury. Jabouin was then pulled from the card as a suitable replacement could not be found on short notice.

Fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses.



Maglite

Maglite is a brand of flashlight. There are several sizes available, ranging from a 6 D battery halogen flashlight to a single AAA battery keychain flashlight. They are made in the USA.

Most Maglite parts are made from anodized aluminum. There is a chrome-plated plastic reflector inside an aluminum housing at the top. Underneath the reflector is the light bulb or LED, which is attached to an aluminum tube. The batteries are inside the aluminum tube. A screw-on aluminum cap with a chrome-plated steel spring on the bottom of the flashlight holds the batteries in, and is unscrewed to replace the batteries. The spring is also the connection to the negative terminal (anode) on the batteries. There is no wire carrying the current to the bulb at the top of the flashlight - the aluminum tube is the conductor. On the smaller flashlights, the flashlight is turned on by slightly unscrewing the flashlight head. The larger flashlights have a push-button switch on the side of the aluminum tube.

Tarzan and the Golden Lion

Tarzan and the Golden Lion is a 1927 jungle movie. It is a Tarzan silent movie. It is based on a book of the same name by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The movie was directed by J. P. McGowan. It stars James Pierce as Tarzan. Boris Karloff plays Owaza.

After searching for a city of diamonds, Tarzan races with his pet lion Jad-bal-ja to save a young woman from being sacrificed to a lion-god.

History of video game consoles (first generation)

The first generation of video game consoles lasted from 1972 until 1977. The start of the first generation began with the release of Magnavox Odyssey. The first generation ended in 1977 because of the video game crash of 1977.


Cantopop

Cantopop () is a colloquialism for "Cantonese popular music". It is also called HK-pop, short for "Hong Kong popular music". It is a subgenre of Chinese popular music within C-pop. Cantopop draws its influence from both Chinese music and international styles. Cantopop songs are almost invariably performed in Cantonese. It boasts a multinational fanbase especially in Southeast Asian countries such as Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand, and in the Guangdong province of mainland China, Hong Kong remains the most significant hub of the genre.

History of video game consoles (second generation)

The second generation of video game consoles began in 1976. The second generation began with the release of the Fairchild Channel F and Radofin Electronics' 1292 Advanced Programmable Video System. This generation is sometimes called the "early 8-bit era". Many consoles were released in the second generation. The Atari 2600 was the most popular video game console for much of the second generation. Other consoles such as Intellivision, the Odyssey 2, and ColecoVision were also popular.

The second generation ended in 1984. This was because of the video game crash of 1983. As of 2004, the Atari 2600 has sold 30 million units. As of 1990, the Intellivision had sold 3 million units. As of April 1984, the ColecoVision had sold 2 million units. As of 1977, the Fairchild Channel F had sold 250,000 units.

The first handheld game console was the Microvision designed by Smith Engineering. It was distributed and sold by Milton-Bradley in 1979. It was the first handheld game console that could use different game cartridges. The Microvision had a small LCD display. There were only a few games that could be played with this system. It was discontinued two years later.

The Epoch Game Pocket Computer was released in Japan in 1984. The game system did not sell very well. Because of this, only five games were made for it. Nintendo's Game & Watch was more successful. It was very popular until it was discontinued in 1991. 


Eason Chan

Eason Chan Yik-shun () is a Hong Kong singer and actor. Eason Chan has been praised by "Time" magazine as a front runner in the next generation of Cantopop. He was third Hong Kong singer to be called the "god of songs" after Samuel Hui and Jacky Cheung. In 2012, Time Out Hong Kong crowned Chan as the "King of Asian Pop ".



History of video game consoles (third generation)

The third generation of video game consoles began on July 15, 1983. The third generation began with the release of the Nintendo Family Computer, or better known as the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) and Sega SG-1000. This generation helped end the North American video crash of 1983. This resulted in a shift from the United States to Japan as the leading country for home video games. In the third generation the displays changed from single-screen (or flip-screen) graphics to scrolling graphics.

The best-selling console of this generation was the NES/Famicom. This was followed by the Sega Master System and the Atari 7800. The NES/Famicom system remained the best-selling home console until the PlayStation in 1996. Some of the consoles in the third generation used 8-bit processors. However, systems like the Mega Drive/Genesis used 16-bit processors. The NES/Famicom system was the most popular video game console in the United States. Jack Ivan Booth was the founder of the Atari 7800. Due to inflation of the USD $ this is worth a lot more now.

Nintendo's Game & Watch was very popular in the third generation. It continued to do so until 1991, when it was discontinued.


Mandopop

Mandopop () is a colloquial abbreviation for ""Mandarin popular music."" It is a subgenre of commercial Chinese-language music within C-pop. Mandopop was the first variety of popular music in Chinese to establish itself as a viable industry. As the name implies, Mandopop is sung in Mandarin Chinese.

Jacky Cheung

Jacky Cheung (born 10 July 1961) is a Hong Kong singer-songwriter and actor. He is considered one of the most influential figures in the Asian entertainment industry and has often been referred to as the “God of Songs”.

|-
!colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | Golden Horse Awards

!colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | Jade Solid Gold Best Ten Music Awards Presentation

!colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

!colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

History of video game consoles (fourth generation)

The fourth generation of video game consoles began on October 30, 1987. The fourth generation (also called the 16-bit generation) began with the release of Nippon Electric Company's (NEC) PC Engine. Although NEC released the first fourth-generation console, this generation was dominated by Nintendo and Sega. Nintendo became the largest worldwide market share in the fourth generation. Sega was also successful in this generation. It began a new franchise, "Sonic the Hedgehog". This was done so Sega could compete with Nintendo's "Mario" series of games. Many other companies released consoles in this generation. However, none of them were successful, except for Neo Geo from SNK.

The first handheld game console released in the fourth generation was the Game Boy, on April 21, 1989. The Game Boy became the most popular handheld game console. The Game Boy's screen had no color. However, many of its leading competitors did. Three major franchises were introduced for the Game Boy. These include: "Tetris", Pokemon and Kirby. Many of the popular games in this generation originally started in the 8-bit generations. These titles include "Mario", "Metroid", "Zelda", "Star Fox", "Kirby", "Dragon Quest", "Final Fantasy", "Seiken Densetsu" ("Secret of Mana"), "Sonic the Hedgehog", "Donkey Kong", "Street Fighter", "Mortal Kombat" and "Mega Man X".

The next generation would be the one that changed everything.


h

Leslie Cheung

Leslie Cheung Kwok-Wing (12 September 1956 – 1 April 2003) was a Hong Kong singer and actor. He is considered "one of the founder fathers of Cantopop" for "combining a hugely successful film and music career."

Wei Wei (singer)

Wei Wei (; born 28 September 1963) is a Chinese Mandopop singer and actress. She was born in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia and was raised in Liuzhou, Guangxi.



Atari Lynx

The Atari Lynx is a handheld video game console made by Atari. It was released in September 1989.
The Atari Lynx was the first handheld video game system to have color graphics. It was also the first to have a backlit display, which allows it to be played in a dark room.

The system failed due to low sales. It did not sell as well as Nintendo's Game Boy and Sega's Game Gear. The Atari Lynx had a new design model called the Atari Lynx 2 which was a smaller version of the Atari Lynx.

History of video game consoles (fifth generation)

The fifth generation of video game consoles began in 1993 and ended in 2003. The fifth generation was also called the 32-bit, 64-bit or the 3D generation of video game consoles. Throughout the fifth generation, only three consoles were among the most popular video game consoles in this era. These consoles include, the Sega Saturn (1994), the Sony PlayStation (1994), and the Nintendo 64 (1996). In different parts of the world, console sales varied widely. However, the PlayStation was the best-selling system of the fifth generation. The 3DO, Atari Jaguar, Amiga CD32 and PC-FX and other consoles were also part of this generation. However, those systems were not very successful. 

The handheld game consoles of the fifth generation were not that successful. The first handheld, Sega Nomad had a lifespan of two years. The Virtual Boy only had less than one year. Both of them were discontinued. Nintendo's Game Boy Color became the best-selling handheld video console of the fifth generation. There were two updated versions of the original Game Boy such as the Game Boy Light (Japan only) and the Game Boy Pocket.

The bit ratings of consoles in the 5th generation began to blur & were less of a selling feature than the previous "bit wars" of the 8 and 16 bit era. The number of "bits" in console names referred to the CPU word size. It had been used by hardware marketers as a "show of power" for many years. The fifth generation saw the increase of emulation. The development of the Internet made it possible to save and download tape and ROM images of older games. This led the seventh generation consoles to make many older games available for purchase or download.


History of video game consoles (sixth generation)

The sixth generation of video game consoles began on November 27, 1998. Also known as the last non-motion control gaming era, the sixth generation is also called the 128-bit generation. The sixth generation began with the release of the Dreamcast in Japan. This generation included the game consoles of the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube and Microsoft Xbox. The Dreamcast was discontinued in 2001, but sold games until 2007. The GameCube was discontinued in 2007. The Xbox sold its last games in 2008, but didn't get discontinued until 2009. The PlayStation 2 was discontinued in 2013, which ended the sixth generation.


History of video game consoles (seventh generation)

The seventh generation of video game consoles began in 2005. Also known as the first motion gaming era, the seventh generation began on November 22, 2005 with the release of the Xbox 360. The PlayStation 3 was released on November 11, 2006. The Wii was released on November 19, 2006. Each new console introduced a new type of breakthrough in technology. The Xbox 360 had games at HD resolutions. The PlayStation 3 included FHD gaming, HD movie playback and a built-in 3D Blu-ray disc player. The Wii's controllers had movement sensors as well as joysticks.

Sony released the PlayStation Move in September 2010. This was to compete with Nintendo's other motion controllers. Microsoft released the Kinect. The Kinect does not use any controllers and makes the users the "controller". Kinect sold 8 million units in its first 60 days. The Guinness World Record named it the "fastest selling consumer electronic device". Both the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 controllers can be used wired or wirelessly. The first handheld game console of this generation was the Nintendo DS.

Richard Thorp

Richard Thorp (2 January 1932 – 22 May 2013) was an English actor. He was best known for playing the part of Alan Turner in "Emmerdale" from 1982–2013. He also appeared in several movies, including "The Dam Busters" (1955) and "The Barrets of Wimpole Street" (1957).

Thorp was born on 2 January 1932 in Croydon, Surrey, England. He took a break from "Emmerdale" in July 2009 to have his right knee replaced. . He died on 22 May 2013 in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, aged 81.

History of video game consoles (eighth generation)

The eighth generation of video game consoles began in 2012. The eighth generation began with the release of Wii U. The PlayStation 4 was announced on February 20, 2013. It was released worldwide on November 15, 2013. Microsoft announced the Xbox One on May 21, 2013. It had its first regional release on November 22, 2013. For handheld game consoles, the generation began in February 2011. The first handheld was the Nintendo 3DS. The PlayStation Vita was released in December 2011 in Japan. It was available for the Western countries in February 2012.

It is believed by the video game media that the eighth generation home consoles compete with the smartphone, tablet, and Smart TV gaming markets. Because of this, some analysts incorrectly believed the eight generation would be the last generation of home consoles. Other such as the , , and are attempting to compete in this market. Nintendo officially discontinued the Wii U on January 31, 2017 in anticipation of the March 3, 2017 worldwide release of the Nintendo Switch. The Switch is a "hybrid" console that acts as both a home console and handheld device, and it is the beginning of a ninth generation of home consoles.

Dominique Venner

Dominique Venner (April 16, 1935 – May 21, 2013) was a French historian, journalist and essayist. He later became a European nationalist before withdrawing from politics to focus on a career as a historian. He specialized in military and political history.

Venner was born on April 16, 1935 in Paris, France. He was raised in Paris, France. Venner was influenced by the writings of Ernst Jünger. He never married and had no children.

On May 21, 2013, about 4 p.m., Venner committed suicide by firearm in the cathedral of Notre Dame de Paris, which led to the evacuation of about 1,500 people from the cathedral.

He had been an opponent of Muslim immigration to France and Europe, as well as what he believed to be the Americanization of European values and — most recently — the legalization of same-sex marriage in France.


Ernst Jünger

Ernst Jünger (29 March 1895 – 17 February 1998) was a German writer. In addition to his political essays, novels and diaries, he is well known for "Storm of Steel", an account of his experience during World War I.

Jünger was born in Heidelberg, German Empire on 29 March 1895. He was raised in Hannover, German Empire. Jünger was married to Gretha Von Jeinsen from 1925 until her death in 1960. They had two children. Jünger died on 17 February 1998 in Riedlingen, Germany from natural causes, aged 102.

Herbert (Family Guy)

Herbert is a fictional character in the animated television series "Family Guy". He is voiced by Mike Henry, who created and designed the character. Herbert is an elderly neighbor of the Griffin family who first appeared in the season 3 episode "To Love and Die in Dixie". He has a sexual love interest for Chris Griffin, though the Griffins and the citizens of Quahog ignore the fact.

Great White Throne Judgment

In Christianity, the Great White Throne Judgment is the time when the dead people that did not live during the 1,000 years that Satan was imprisoned (in the bottomless pit) come back to life and are judged by God according to their works. This judgment is for those people who are not found written in the Book of Life, a book where the names of those who are going to heaven are written, because they believed Jesus to be the Son of God and the promised Messiah & sacrificial Lamb of Jewish scriptures and the prophets of old. Once the judgment has been finished, Death, Hades, and those who are not found written in the Book of Life will be cast into the Lake of Fire.

Below, Revelation 20:11-15 is written to show the section of the Bible this judgment appears in.
11 Then I saw a Great White Throne and the one sitting on it. The earth and the heavens fled away from His presence, and there was no place found for them. 12 And I saw the dead, small and great, standing before the throne, and the books were opened. Another book was opened, which is the
Book of Life, and the dead were judged according to their works, which are the things recorded inside the books. 13 The sea gave up the dead which were in it, and Death and Hell gave up the dead which were in them: and they were each judged according to their works. 14 Then Death and Hell were cast into the Lake of Fire, which is the second death. 15 Anyone not found written in the Book of Life was cast into the Lake of Fire.
According to the Bible, the only way to avoid the Great White Throne Judgment is to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. As it is written in John 3:17-18

17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. 18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.

Edmund March Blunt

Edmund March Blunt (born on June 20, 1770) was a ship navigator and he also was a publisher. He created a magazine called "American Coastal Pilot". He was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He also lived in Ossining, New York. He had three sons. 

David H. Burr

David H. Burr (born 1803-died 1875) was an American map maker and worked for the Surveyor General of the United States. He was also Surveyor General of Utah. He stopped being a lawyer and became a surveyor. He worked for the state of New York. He made an atlas in 1829. He was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut. He lived in New York in 1822. He became a lawyer. He then joined the militia for New York. He would make many more, including atlases of America. He became the official geographer of the House of Representatives in the United States. He moved to Utah and became their surveyor general. He stopped doing surveying and became a full-time map maker in 1857.

UFC 152

UFC 152: Jones vs. Belfort was a mixed martial arts pay-per-view event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on September 22, 2012 at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Rory MacDonald was expected to face former two-time champion B.J. Penn at the event, but MacDonald pulled out of the bout after he cut his forehead while training. The bout was rescheduled for UFC on Fox 5 on December 8, 2012.

UFC newcomer Roger Hollett was expected to face Matt Hamill, who returned from retirement, at the event. However, Hollett was forced out of the bout due to a contract dispute and replaced by Vladimir Matyushenko. Then, on September 11, 2012, Matyushenko pulled out of the fight after suffering a torn achilles tendon while training, and Hamill vs. Hollett was rebooked by UFC officials.

A bout between Evan Dunham and TJ Grant was first supposed to be contested on the main card but was instead fought on the FX prelims, for unknown reasons.

As a result of the cancellation of UFC 151, a bout between Kyle Noke and Charlie Brenneman was rescheduled for this event.

Dan Miller was expected to face Sean Pierson at the event. However, Miller pulled out of the bout after getting news about his son's kidney transplant operation. He was replaced by Lance Benoist.

At the weigh-ins, Charles Oliveira failed to make weight by four tenths of pound on his first try.
In the second, he was able to make 146.2 lb. However, his opponent signed to fight at a catchweight, and Oliveira was not fined.

The main event was UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones facing former champion Vitor Belfort. Originally, Jones was set to defend his title against Dan Henderson at UFC 151 on September 1, 2012 in Las Vegas, Nevada, but UFC President Dana White announced on August 23, 2012 that Henderson had a tear in his MCL and would not be able to compete. It was then revealed that Jones declined a fight against Chael Sonnen, who offered to take the fight on eight days notice. As a result, the event was cancelled. This marked the first time the UFC had cancelled an event, with the official fight card having been announced, in the organization's history.

Following the cancellation of the event, White said that UFC 151 simply will not exist. Jones was set to face Lyoto Machida in a rematch at this event after the cancellation of that event, but Machida declined the fight. Then, Belfort was chosen to take Machida's place. Jones was a huge favorite coming into the bout. It was later reported that Belfort fought Jones with a broken hand.

<br>

 The initial semifinal bout between Johnson and McCall at "UFC on FX 2" ended in a draw. Johnson defeated McCall in a rematch at "UFC on FX 3".

Fighters were awarded $65,000 bonuses.



Super Outbreak

The Super Outbreak was an outbreak of violent tornadoes in April 1974. It involved many states in the US, including Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Mississippi and North Carolina. The incident involved less than thirty F4 or F5 tornadoes that happened on April 3rd and 4th, and killed 319 people. Seven of these were at the F5 level on the United States Fujita scale. Xenia, Ohio was among the hardest hit cities.

Xenia, Ohio

Xenia is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is in the southwestern part of the state, about twenty miles from Dayton. The city was founded in 1803, the same year Ohio became a state. 

Xenia was almost destroyed by a very strong tornado on April 3, 1974, during a outbreak of deadly tornadoes from Alabama to Ontario, Canada. 32 people were killed in the city, and the city's high school was destroyed. 

Sól

Sól (Old Norse "Sun") is the a figure in Germanic mythology. She is the Sun personified. In Norse mythology, Sól is described in the "Poetic Edda", written in the 13th century from earlier sources, and the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson.

Social control

Social control refers to the ways in which people's thoughts, feelings, appearance, and behavior are regulated in social systems. Social control is described as a certain set of rules and standards in society that keep individuals bound to conventional standards as well as to the use of formalized mechanisms.



John Kasich

John Richard Kasich Jr. (born May 13, 1952) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Ohio where he has served from 2011 to 2019. He is a Republican. Before being governor, he served in the U.S. House of Representatives and in the Ohio Senate.

Kasich was born in McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania. His mother was of Croatian ancestry while his father was Czech. Kasich attended The Ohio State University and was part of the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity. While he was in college, he met US president Richard Nixon in the Oval Office after writing a letter to him.

He was elected to the Ohio Senate in 1978. He was the second-youngest person to be elected to the state's senate.

Kasich was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1982. He became known for his role in the balanced budget of the 1990s. He was an advocate of cutting spending to make government work better for less money. He did a lot of work to pass the Goldwater–Nichols Act of 1986. The act reorganized the U.S. Department of Defense. He also worked with Ralph Nader to make less tax loopholes for corporations.

In 1998, he was the main force behind the balanced budget that was signed by President Bill Clinton. He ran for president in 2000, but did not succeed. He then hosted a TV show on Fox News for a time. The show was called "Heartland with John Kasich".

He defeated Ted Strickland in the 2010 Ohio gubernatorial election.

Kasich was re-elected in 2014. He got the majority of votes in 86 of the 88 Ohio counties.

In April 2015, he announced that he made his New Day For America group. It was a 527 group before it became a super PAC in July.

In May 2015, sources close to him said he was "virtually certain" to run for the Republican nomination for president.

Kasich announced his candidacy for president on July 21 at Ohio State University. He suspended his campaign on May 4, 2016.

He married Karen Waldbillig in 1997. He has two twin daughters, named Emma and Reese. Kasich is a Anglican Christian, and has been one since his parents were killed in a car crash in 1987.


Martin O'Malley

Martin O'Malley (born January 18, 1963) is an American politician who is the Commissioner-designate of the Social Security Administration since 2023. He was the Governor of Maryland from 2007 to 2015. O'Malley was once a City Councilman and the Mayor of Baltimore. He is a member of the Democratic party. When he was governor, he passed laws legalizing same-sex marriage, saw violent crimes drop by 40%, and worked on immigration issues.

O'Malley publicly announced his candidacy for the 2016 presidential election on May 30, 2015, in Baltimore, Maryland, and filed his candidacy form seeking the Democratic Party nomination with the Federal Election Commission on May 29, 2015. He suspended his campaign on February 1, 2016 after poor polling numbers and poor polling in the Iowa caucuses.

Martin Joseph O'Malley was born on January 18, 1963, in Washington, D.C. His parents were Barbara (née Suelzer) and Thomas Martin O'Malley. He studied at The Catholic University of America and at the University of Maryland.

O'Malley decided not to run for governor in 2002. In 2005 after many rumours, O'Malley announced his run for governor. He won the election. He was re-elected in 2010.

In April 2007, O'Malley became the first governor to sign legislation entering a state into the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact.

In 2011 he signed a law that would make certain undocumented immigrants eligible for in-state college tuition on condition. He signed a law to legalize same-sex marriage in Maryland in 2012. Each law was challenged to a voter referendum in the 2012 general election and upheld by a majority of the voting public.

O'Malley publicly expressed interest in a presidential run in 2016 on multiple occasions. At a press conference in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, at a National Governors Association meeting in August 2013, O'Malley stated he was laying "the framework" for his campaign.

After months of consideration, O'Malley indicated on Twitter that he would announce his candidacy on May 30, 2015, at Baltimore’s Federal Hill Park.

On May 30, O'Malley formally announced his candidacy for the 2016 presidential nomination. He dropped out of the race on February 1, 2016 after poor polling numbers.

Since his presidential campaign, he has lectured at Georgetown University and Boston College Law School, and written two books about the use of technology in government.

In July 2023, President Joe Biden announced he would nominate O'Malley to lead the Social Security Administration, which is headquartered in the suburbs west of Baltimore. His nomination was confirmed on December 18, 2023 by the United States Senate by a 50-11 vote.

O'Malley is a Roman Catholic. He married Katie Curran, the daughter of Maryland Attorney General J. Joseph Curran, Jr., in 1990. They have four children. O'Malley is an avid guitarist.


Frank Shannon

Francis Connolly Shannon (July 27, 1874 - February 1, 1959), better known as Frank Shannon, was an Irish-born stage and movie actor and writer. He made his movie debut in 1913 in "The Artist's Joke". He appeared in dozens of movies through the mid-1920s before returning to the stage. 

In 1931, he went to Hollywood. From 1937 to 1939, he played supporting parts, including Captain McTavish in Warner Bros.' Torchy Blaine series. Between 1936 and 1940, he played Dr. Zarkov in the three Universal Pictures Flash Gordon movie serials starring Buster Crabbe. 

In the middle 1950s, he wrote for the television series "Tales of the Texas Rangers". Shannon died in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California at age 84.



B-movie

A B-movie is usually a low-budget movie crafted by second rate talents and starring lesser-known actors. In the past, these movies were the second feature on a double-bill. Some actors (such as Bela Lugosi) appeared mostly in B-movies. Today, many of these movies are highly regarded. "Detour" starring Tom Neal and Ann Savage, for example, has come to be considered as one of the greatest of film noirs. 

Alex Raymond

Alexander Gillespie "Alex" Raymond (October 2, 1909 – September 6, 1956) was an American cartoonist. He created the comic strip "Flash Gordon" for King Features in 1934. The strip was adapted to other media including three Universal Pictures movie serials between 1936 and 1940 starring Buster Crabbe, Charles B. Middleton, and Jean Rogers. Other comic strips include "Jungle Jim", "Secret Agent X-9", and "Rip Kirby".

Diyarbakır

Diyarbakır () is a city in southeastern Turkey. It is one of the largest cities in southeast Turkey and is on the banks of the Tigris river. It has 843,460 people (2010). The city was known as the Diyar Bakr ("landholdings of the Bakr tribe") and Mustafa Kemal Atatürk ordered that the city be renamed "Diyarbakır", which means land of copper in Turkish. The city was badly damaged and many people died in the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake. The City walls of Diyarbakır were damaged as well.



Maximum likelihood

Maximum likelihood estimation (or maximum likelihood) is the name used for a number of ways to guess the parameters of a parametrised statistical model. These methods pick the value of the parameter in such a way that the probability distribution makes the observed values very likely. The method was mainly devleoped by R.A.Fisher in the early 20th century. A likelihood estimation, where probabilities are known beforehand is known as Maximum a posteriori estimation.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 10

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 10 is the tenth season of "America's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 14 contestants. The winner was 20-year-old Whitney Thompson.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.


Jungle Man

Jungle Man is a 1941 American jungle adventure movie directed by Harry L. Fraser. It stars Buster Crabbe in his first movie for Producers Releasing Corporation. He is reunited with Charles B. Middleton from the Flash Gordon movie serials.

The story is about an African expedition that battles thick jungle, hostile natives, wild animals, and a deadly epidemic in its search for the fabled City of the Dead. In 1951, the movie was retitled "Drums of Africa" and sold to television.

Fibrinogen

Fibrinogen is the clotting element present in blood. When blood comes out of a wound in a vessel, the fibrinogen is activated and forms fibrin, which clots the blood. Although this is fibrinogen's main job, it also forms bridges between platelets. Fibrinogen is a protein made by the liver. It is a dimer (made up of two similar units). Each unit has an alpha, beta, and gamma chain. The alpha and beta chains have a small peptide called fibrinopeptide. 

When fibrinogen is activated to form fibrin, an enzyme called thrombin cleaves the fibrinopeptides off of the alpha and beta chains.

It is possible to examine a small sample of a person's blood to find out how much fibrinogen is in the blood. This helps medical professionals to know if too much or too little fibrinogen is the cause of a patient's medical problems.

Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani

Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani (, born 1 January 1952) is the former Emir of the State of Qatar. He was the Emir from 1995 to 2013. Sheikh Hamad was the heir apparent of Qatar between 1977 and 1995. He was lso the Minister of Defense at that time. In the early 1980s, he led the Supreme Planning Council. It sets the economic and social policies for Qatar. In 1992, Hamad worked more on the day-to-day running of the country. This included the development of Qatar's oil and natural gas resources. On 27 June 1995, He took control of the country from his father in a palace coup. Sheikh Hamad was crowned on 20 June 2000. The Emir is famous for helping to create the first Arab international news network, Al Jazeera, when he gave a loan of QAR 500 million ($137 million) to keep Al Jazeera running for its first five years. In late 2012 and early 2013, it was said that the Emir gave money and items to terrorist groups such as Hamas, Ansar Dine, and the Al-Nusra Front.


I Walked with a Zombie

I Walked with a Zombie is a 1943 horror movie directed by Jacques Tourneur. It was the second horror movie from producer Val Lewton for RKO Pictures. The movie stars Frances Dee as Betsy Connell, Christine Gordon as Jessica Holland, and Tom Conway as Paul Holland.

The story is about a nurse named Betsy who is hired to care for Jessica, the wife of plantation manager Paul Holland. Jessica has a mental paralysis as a result of fever. Betsy determines to cure Jessica even if she needs to use voodoo.

Officially, the movie was based on an article written by Inez Wallace for "American Weekly Magazine". Lewton asked his writers to use Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre" for giving the story a narrative structure.

"I Walked with a Zombie" was declared to be "a dull, disgusting exaggeration of an unhealthy, abnormal concept of life" by "The New York Times" in 1943. Critics later called it "intelligent", "exceptional", and "the most elegant" in Lewton's RKO horror series.


So What

So What" might mean:


Mafioso rap

Mafioso rap is a form of hardcore hip hop music that originated in the East Coast hip hop scene of the 1980s. The genere began to die down but then it was bought back to the mainstream in the early 2000s. The themes of Mafioso rap are known for organized crime, mobsters and expensive champagne. Lil' Kim's 2003 mafioso album "La Bella Mafia" sold over two million copies.

Chicano rap

Chicano rap is a form of hip hop music, Latin hip hop and gangsta rap. It started in the West Coast hip hop scene. It is usually performed by rappers that are of Mexican descent.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 9

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 9 is the ninth season of "America's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 13 contestants. The winner was 19-year-old Saleisha Stowers.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.


Big Fish

Big Fish is a 2003 American fantasy adventure comedy-drama movie based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Daniel Wallace. The movie was directed by Tim Burton, produced by Richard D. Zanuck.

Edward Bloom (played by Albert Finney), a former traveling salesman from the Southern United States with a gift for storytelling, now confined to his deathbed. Bloom's estranged son, a journalist named Will (played by Billy Crudup), attempts to mend their relationship as his dying father relates tall tales of his eventful life as a young adult (played by Ewan McGregor).


The movie received award nominations in multiple movie categories, including four Golden Globe Award nominations, seven nominations from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, two Saturn Award nominations, and an Academy Award and a Grammy Award nomination for Danny Elfman's original score.


Sid Haig

Sid Haig (born Sidney Eddy Mosesian; July 14, 1939 – September 21, 2019) was an American actor. He was known for starring in two Rob Zombie movies "House of 1000 Corpses" and "The Devil's Rejects".

Haig was born on July 14, 1939 in Fresno, California. He studied at the Pasadena Playhouse. Haig married Susan L. Oberg in 2007. 

In early September 2019, Haig was hospitalized after falling at his home in Los Angeles. While recovering, he suffered from a lung infection. He died on September 21, 2019 from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by COPD and bowel obstruction at the age of 80.


British Mandate of Palestine

The British Mandate of Palestine was a League of Nations mandate to the United Kingdom in Palestine. It began after the British had conquered Palestine from the Ottoman Empire in World War I. At the San Remo Conference, on April 25, 1920, the mandate for Palestine was granted to Britain. The mandate became officially operative on September 29, 1923. The mandate ended when the British returned it to the United Nations on May 15, 1948. 

The mandate period was characterized by the conflicting nationalist interests and efforts of the Arabs and the Jews in Palestine. Because of the Balfour Declaration, the Mandatory government started off sympathetic to the Zionists. This led to displeasure in the Arab community in Palestine. The conflicting interests often led to violence, making it hard for the British to rule Palestine. Several times commissions investigated the problems in Palestine, and multiple White Papers came out in order to try solving the problems. In 1939 the British changed its position from the Balfour Declaration in favor of the Palestinian Arabs. However, after World War II, the international community pressed for both an Arab and a Jewish state in Palestine. When the British returned its mandate, the state of Israel was declared, on May 14, 1948. On the next day, the Arab-Israeli war began.

After the fall of the Ottoman Empire and the end of World War I, a lot of territory of the former Ottoman Empire was left on its own. The Allied nations were worried about this. Western countries believed that these countries needed help until they were able to operate on their own. In 1917 Britain had conquered Palestine, also as a result of the Balfour Declaration in which the British declared their support for creating a “national home for the Jewish people”. Consequently, after the Western powers met in Paris, it was decided France would control the mandate for (present-day) Syria and Lebanon, and Britain would have the mandate for (present-day) Israel, Palestine, Jordan and Iraq. From then on, the British army had an increased presence and ruled in Palestine until there was an official civil governing administration placed on July 1, 1920 as a result of the San Remo Conference on April 25, 1920. In this conference the mandate for Palestine and Trans-Jordan was granted to Great Britain by the main Allied Powers. This mandate was eventually formulated by the League of Nations and officially approved by the League Council on July 24, 1922. At this time, the territory of the Palestine mandate consisted of 15,000 square miles with a population of about one million, of which about 80,000 were Jewish inhabitants. 

After the mandate was approved by the League of Nations on July 24, 1922, the mandate became officially operative on September 29, 1923. This led to an increase in Jewish immigration, as about 95,510 thousand Jews immigrated to Palestine from 1920-1926. This was also due to the Balfour Declaration. However the Balfour Declaration also had an impact on the Arab nationalists in Palestine. There was a large increase in Palestinian nationalism, due to an increase in Zionist immigration and settlement. Because of this, riots broke out in 1929 between Zionists and Palestinian nationalists. This was in the form of mob violence in the cities, and in the form of assaults against settlers and sabotage of crops and land in the countryside. As a result of these disturbances between the two groups, two commissions were established by the British. One was the Shaw Commission(focused on finding the underlying conditions leading to the violence), and the other one was the Hope-Simpson Commission(whose goal was to create plans to deal with the problems found by the Shaw Commission). The conclusions of these commissions were put into a British ‘White Paper’. This White Paper included plans on how to in increase better economic conditions, and stressed that the British are to treat the Arabs and Jews equally. In 1933 Arab Executive Committee published a manifesto that spoke out against British and Zionist collaboration. In October 1933 the Arab Executive Committee wanted an anti-government demonstration in Jeruzalem, which caused an outburst of violence. This led to Jewish and Arab leaders having several meetings in 1934 in an effort to decrease their differences. However, this did not help, as rioting continued until 1936.
In 1936 the Arab Revolt started. There was a lot of rioting and violence. The British government wanted to find out why this happened. Therefore, in 1937 the Peel Commission was created. The Peel commission also had to come up with a “long-term solution”. An important outcome of their research was that Jews and Arabs could not live together in one state. Their solution was that the land of Palestine had to be divided in two parts: one state for the Jews and one state for the Arabs. The Zionists accepted this solution. However, the Arabs did not. The Arabs wanted all of Palestine to be an Arab state. After the conclusions of the Peel commission, Arab violence in Palestine started again. With the growing threat of a second world war, the British needed to focus their attention on other places. For that they needed peace and quiet in Palestine. However, because of the Arab uprising, it was difficult for the British to keep the order. Therefor, in 1939 the Mandatory government published a new White Paper to meet Arab demands. It basically said that “Palestine was to remain Arab, and there would be no Jewish state”. This meant that the British had changed their position from the findings of the Peel Commission.

After an Anglo-American Commission did not give the British a solution, the British government decided on February 14, 1947 to give their mandate back to the United Nations. The United Nations then set up the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine. This committee advised a partition of Palestine into a Jewish state and an Arab state. On November 29, 1947 the General Assembly of the United Nations voted to end the British mandate and to set up a Jewish state and an Arab state in Palestine. The British decided to end the mandate on May 15, 1948. In the afternoon of May 14, 1948 the State of Israel was declared in Tel-Aviv.


The Taming of the Shrew (1967 movie)

The Taming of the Shrew is a 1967 movie based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare. The movie was directed by Franco Zeferelli. It stars Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor. Much of the play's dialogue was cut. Critics liked the movie.

Matthew McGrory

Matthew McGrory (May 17, 1973 – August 9, 2005) was an American actor. He was known for his role in "Big Fish". He was known for his giant height. McGrory was 7 ft. 6 in. (2.29 m). He was known as Big Foot.

McGrory was born on May 17, 1973 in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He studied at Widener University and at West Chester University. McGrory was never diagnosed as having gigantism. He lived in Sherman Oaks, California with his girlfriend, Melissa. McGrory died on August 9, 2005 in Los Angeles, California from natural causes, aged 32.


Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (movie)

Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? is a 1966 movie based on the play of the same name by Edward Albee. The movie stars Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Sandy Dennis, and George Segal.

The movie was nominated for 13 Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. It is the only movie to be nominated in every eligible category at the Academy Awards. All four main actors were nominated in their respective acting categories.

The movie won five awards, including a second Academy Award for Best Actress for Elizabeth Taylor and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Sandy Dennis. However, the movie lost to "A Man for All Seasons" for the Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Adapted Screenplay awards. Both Richard Burton and George Segal did not win awards.

Billy Crudup

William Gaither "Billy" Crudup (born July 8, 1968) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Almost Famous", "Big Fish", "Princess Mononoke", "Watchmen", "The Stanford Prison Experiment", "Public Enemies" and appeared as Dr. Allen in "Justice League".

Crudup was born on July 8, 1968 in Manhasset, New York. He studied at Saint Thomas Aquinas High School, at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and at New York University. He has one son with his ex-girlfriend Mary-Louise Parker. On June 9, 2023, Crudup married actress Naomi Watts.


Corpse Bride

Corpse Bride, also known as Tim Burton's Corpse Bride, is a 2005 stop-motion-animated fantasy movie directed by Tim Burton and Mike Johnson. It stars Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, Emily Watson, Albert Finney, Michael Gough, Richard E. Grant, Deep Roy, Paul Whitehouse, and Christopher Lee. It was released on September 23, 2005. Roger Ebert gave the movie three out of four stars. It is now aired on Spacetoon Plus. It was dedicated to co-producer Joe Ranft.


National Velvet

National Velvet is a 1944 movie about horse racing. It stars Elizabeth Taylor and Mickey Rooney. It is based on a 1935 story by Enid Bagnold. The movie won two minor Academy Awards. In 2003, "National Velvet" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."

Punch-Out (disambiguation)

Punch-Out may refer to:




Ed Wood (movie)

Ed Wood is a 1994 American comedy-drama movie directed and produced by Tim Burton, and starring Johnny Depp. The movie is about the movie director Ed Wood. The movie also stars Martin Landau, Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Jeffrey Jones, Lisa Marie, George Steele and Bill Murray. It won two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for Landau and Best Makeup for Rick Baker (who designed Landau's prosthetic makeup). Roger Ebert gave the movie four stars out of four.

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (movie)

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 2005 movie adaptation of the 1964 book of the same name by Roald Dahl and a remake of the 1971 movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory". The movie was directed by Tim Burton.

The movie stars Freddie Highmore as Charlie Bucket, David Kelly as Grandpa Joe, and Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka. The storyline concerns Charlie, who takes a tour he has won, led by Wonka, through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world.

Depp said he refused to watch Gene Wilder's take of the character so that Depp could create his own version. Depp said his version of Wonka was inspired by Fred Rogers and Bob Keeshan.



Mars Attacks!

Mars Attacks! is a 1996 movie directed by Tim Burton. 
It stars Jack Nicholson, Glenn Close, Natalie Portman, Annette Bening, Sarah Jessica Parker, Martin Short, Pierce Brosnan, Rod Steiger, Danny DeVito, and Sylvia Sidney. It was released on December 13, 1996 to mixed reviews. It was nominated for many Saturn Awards.

The movie was based on playing cards about Martians taking over Earth.

Jack Herbert Driberg

Jack Herbert Driberg (born April 1888 - died February 5, 1946) was an anthropologist from Britain. He went to two colleges: Lancing College and Hertford College. He worked in the Uganda Protectorate in 1912. He then moved to the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan where he lived until 1925. When he was living there he wrote a book called "The Lango: A Nilotic Tribe of Uganda". It was about the Lango people who lived in Uganda. The book was very important and he was called an anthropologist after he wrote it. He moved back to London, England and went to college at the London School of Economics. He then started working as a professor at the University of Cambridge. He also served in World War II. He died in 1946.

Samuel Gustaf Hermelin

Samuel Gustaf Hermelin (1744-1820) was born in Sweden. He owned big mining businesses in Lapland. He also was a diplomat and a cartographer. He went to college to learn about mining at the University of Uppsala. He moved to the United States. He became the ambassador from Sweden to the United States. He moved back to Sweden and started his own mining company there. 

A Midsummer Nights Dream (1959 movie)

A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1959 Czechoslovak animated puppet movie directed by Jiří Trnka. It is based on the Shakespeare play of the same name. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. An English language version was made with narration by Richard Burton. The movie won several awards including the Prize of the Technical Committee in Cannes and an Honourable Medal at the Venice Film Festival.

Coriaria myrtifolia

Coriaria myrtifolia, called in English redoul, is a plant with poisonus fruits and whose leaves were traditionally used as raw material in tanning (making leather out of skins).

The Spanish name "emborrachacabras" (that is, "getting goats drunk") refers to the leaves' effect on goats that eat them. The French name ("redoul") and Catalan name ("roldor") come from Latin "Rhus tyrius" (Syrian or Tyrian sumac), referring to the leaves use in the traditional tannery industry, to make "Basil" leather.The honeydew from redoul is also toxic

"C. myrtifolia" is a shrub to 2–3 m tall without hairs and with shiny leaves like the leaves of the myrtle ("myrtifolia" means "leaves like the leaves of the myrtle"). It produces small greenish flowers in spring (April to June) in racemes (a kind of inflorescence).
It produces fruits in early summer. The fruits look like berries but they are small nuts (achenes) protected by enlarged and colored petals; it is the same of all the species of the genus "Coriaria". Fruits cannot be eaten because their seeds are very poisonous.

The plants of redoul can fix nitrogen from the air because they have bacteria in their roots.

"C. myrtifolia" is found only around the western Mediterranean Sea, not too far from the coast but near rivers:


Guillaume Le Vasseur de Beauplan

Guillaume Le Vasseur de Beauplan (around 1600-December 6, 1673) was a cartographer, engineer and architect from France. He was in the military in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth army from 1630 until the late 1640's. He was forced to move to the Ukraine. He was in the military under Stanisław Koniecpolski for one year in 1637. While in the military he helped rebuild the Kodak Fortress. He also built other fortresses in Bar, Ukraine. He also helped build Brody Castle and other buildings in Kremenchuk, Ukraine.

He created the first well described map of the Ukraine in 1639. In 1648 he made another map of the Ukraine that was very detailed. He moved to Danzig. He made two other very detailed maps and they were engraved by Willem Hondius. He wrote a book called "Description d'Ukranie". It was originally named "Description des contrés du Royaume de Pologne", when it was first published in 1651. It was published two more times, until 1861. It was the first book to write about the Ukraine in great detail. It's still in print today.

José Javier Conde Pujana

Jose Javier Conde Pujana (born July 14, 1964 in Vizcaya) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability and is a T46 type athlete. He raced at the 1992 Summer Paralympics, 1996 Summer Paralympics, 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics and 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished in first in the 5,000 meter T45-T46 race and the T42-T44 marathon race at the 1996 Games. He finished first in the T46 marathon race and finished second in the 5,000 m T46 race at the 2000 Games. He finished second in the 5,000 meter T46 race at the 2004 Games. He finished 11th in the marathon T46 race at the 2008 Games. 

Pedro Enrique Delgado Martin

Pedro Enrique Delgado Martin (born January 25, 1975 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and a T11/B1 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He raced and finished in third in 800 meter T11 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 X 400 meter T11-T13 race and finished third in the 1,500 meter T11 race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and finished fourth in the 1,500 T11 meter race. 

Ruben Delgado Martin

Ruben Delgado Martin (born Augsut 27, 1976 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He race and finished in third in 800 meter T12 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished fifth in the 1,500 meter T12 race. 

Raquel Diaz Caro

Raquel Diaz Caro (born May 13, 1974 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a T11/B1 type athlete. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 100 meter T11 race and fourth in 200 meter T11 race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. 

Tom Stoppard

Sir Tom Stoppard (born Tomáš Sträussler; 3 July 1937) is an English playwright. He was born in Czechoslovakia. He is one of the most famous contemporary playwrights working in English. One of his most famous plays is called "Rosencratz and Guilderstern are Dead", and is based on William Shakespeare's Hamlet. He also wrote the screenplay for the movie "Shakespeare in Love" with Marc Norman, winning an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. He also wrote the screenplays for Brazil, "Anna Karenina" and "Empire of the Sun".

Marcos Francisco Dueñas Jimeno

Marcos Francisco Dueñas Jimeno (born April 9, 1978 in Granada) is a track and field athlete from Spain and is working as a physiotherapist. He has a disability: He is missing a part of a leg and is a T44 type athlete who took part at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and the 2000 Summer Paralympics. In the 4 x 400 meter race for T42-T46, he finished at 2nd position. 

Moises Esmeralda Pons

Moises Esmeralda Pons (born May 30, 1976 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a F12/T12/B2 type athlete. He jumped at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and finished second in the F12 long jump. 

José Manuel Fernández Barranquero

Jose Manuel Fernandez Barranquero (born March 19, 1975 in Málaga) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: He a T46 type athlete. He raced at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished second in the 4 X 400 meter T42-T46 race and finished third in the 800 meter T46 race. 

Alfonso Fidalgo López

Alfonso Fidalgo Lopez (born June 11, 1969, in Cembranos) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a F11/T11/B1 type athlete. He was at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the F11 shot put and first in the F11 discus. He was at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the F11 shot put and first in the F11 discus 

Iñigo García Ruiz

Iñigo Garcia Ruiz (born July 3, 1974 in San Sebastian) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He was at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and competed in the F12 shot put and discus. He finished 4 in the shot put and 8 in the discus. He was at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia and competed in the F12 shot put and discus. He finished 2 in the shot put and 7 in the discus. He was at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece and competed in the F12 shot put and discus. He was 6 in the shoput and 9 in the discus. 

Fernando Gómez Doblas

Fernando Gómez Doblas (born October 16, 1965 in Málaga) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and a T36 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He finished second in the 400 meter T34-T35 race, the 200 meter T34-T35 race and the 100 meter T35 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He did not finish 1, 2 or 3 in any race he raced in at the 2000 Games. 

Jesús González Margaride

Jesus Gonzalez Margaride (born September 28, 1967 in A Pontenova) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: He is a T36 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He race and finished in 7 in the 5,000 meter T34-T37 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished third in the 1,500 meter T36 race. 

José Manuel González Santamaria

Jose Manuel Gonzalez Santamaria (born September 19, 1970 in Asturias) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a T36 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, the 2000 Summer Paralympics, the 2004 Summer Paralympics, the 2008 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He was the third runner to finish in the 400 meter T37 race. 

Joseba Jon Larrinaga Perea

Joseba Jon Larrinaga Perea (born June 5, 1968 in Guipúzcoa) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: He missing an arm and is a T46 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, Georgia and he was the second runner to finish in the marathon T42-T44 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished fifth T46 marathon race. 

Kevin Garnett

Kevin Maurice Garnett (born May 19, 1976), nicknamed "KG", is an American professional basketball power forward and center. He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Boston Celtics and the Brooklyn Nets.

In high school, Garnett was a 1995 McDonald's All-American at Farragut Career Academy and won a national player of the year award. Garnett entered the 1995 NBA Draft, where he was selected with the 5th overall pick by the Minnesota Timberwolves. He was the first NBA player drafted directly out of high school in 20 years.

On February 19, 2015, He waived his no-trade clause and he was traded back to the Minnesota Timberwolves in exchange for Thaddeus Young.


Rosalia Lazaro Calleja

Rosalia Lazaro Calleja (born January 25, 1975 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a T12/P12/F12/B2 type athlete. She was at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and competed in the long jump and pentathlon. She finished second in the long jump and 9 in the pentathlon. She was at the 2000 Summer Paralympics and competed in the long jump. She finished first. She was at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and competed in the long jump and finished second. She was at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and competed in the long jump 100 meter race. 

T46 disability sport classification

T46 disability sport classification is a group for track and field athletes missing their arm from near the top of their arm. Similar disability sport classification groups are T40, T42, T43, T44, T45.

Juan Manuel Lebrero Morillo

Juan Manuel Lebrero Morillo (born October 22, 1969 in Sevilla) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: He is a T44 type athlete. He competed the 1996 Summer Paralympics in the shot put. He was the third best person in the shot put. He finished 9th in the javelin and he finished 5th in the discus. 

Bahir Dar

Bahir Dar or Bahar Dar () is a city in northwestern Ethiopia. It is the capital of the Amhara Region. It has 218,429 people (2012). The nearby Lake Tana and Blue Nile rivers feature a variety of attractions and is a popular tourist attraction in Ethiopia. The city was awarded the UNESCO Cities for Peace Prize for addressing the challenges of rapid urbanization in 2002.

Alicia Martinez Gragera

Alicia Martinez Gragera (born September 24, 1975 in Badajoz) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She has cerebral palsy and a T37 type athlete. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 200 meter T34-T37 race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. 

Andres Martinez Sanchez

Andres Martinez Sanchez (born November 2, 1954 in La Rioja) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T11/B1 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in the shot put and finished third. He also competed in the discus and finished 5th. 

Francisco Jesús Mendez

Francisco Jesus Mendez Cestero (born September 3, 1976 in Sabadell) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He is also a screenwriter. He has a physical disability: He is T54/F54 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the discus F53 event. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third shot put F54 event. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. 

Santa Cruz

Santa Cruz might mean:



Dirk Klingenberg

Dirk Klingenberg (born 23 July 1969 in Duisburg) is a former professional water polo player from Germany.

Klingenberg is counted as the best water polo player in Germany in the 1990s. He began his career in 1980 in Duisburg and started playing for the ASC Duisburg. A year later he moved to the Duisburger SV 98. After 10 years he left his hometown in 1991 and moved to Berlin, where he played for the Wasserfreunde Spandau 04. He won 17 national titles during his time in Berlin. He also became the top-scorer of the water polo Bundesliga twice. As a member of team Germany he competed in 190 international games. He was able to achieve his goal to participate in the Olympic Games in 1996. He was team speaker of the water polo national team in 1998, and was selected for the World-All-Star-Team in 1999. Because of personal and job-related reasons, Klingenberg began to slowly end his career in Düsseldorf, where he led the Düsseldorfer SC in the first league in 1999/2000.



Besides his activities as a competitive sportsman, Klingenberg always focused on his occupational career. From 1999 to 2008 he worked in sports marketing as the head of marketing communications and sporting events of the Deutsche Telekom AG. He founded his own agency Klingenberg Sportconsulting GmbH in 2009, and worked from then on as an independent consultant. The main fields of activity are strategic consulting, conception and planning for companies and brands, as well as creative event and project management.

He also works as a lecturer at a media-university in Cologne, and as a consultant of the water polo Team Germany.

He is married to Kirsten Klingenberg, has two children and lives in Cologne.


Wedding March

"Wedding March" (1842) is a piece of music for orchestra. Felix Mendelssohn wrote it in C major. It is one of the pieces he wrote for a performance of Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream". At weddings, somebody usually plays it on a pipe organ when the bride and groom leave the church. 

The march became popular for weddings when Victoria, The Princess Royal, married Prince Frederick William of Prussia on 25 January 1858 and chose the piece. The bride was the daughter of Queen Victoria. Queen Victoria loved Mendelssohn's music. 

Sometimes people call the "Bridal Chorus" from Richard Wagner's opera "Lohengrin" the Wedding March. This music usually plays when the bride goes into the church.


María Beatriz Mendoza Rivera

Maria Beatriz Mendoza Rivera (born November 18, 1975 in Santa María de Guía) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 100 meter T12 race and she finished first in the 200 meter T12 race. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and finished second in the 200 meter race and third in the 100 meter race. 

Marta Arce Payno

Marta Arce Payno (born July 27, 1977 in Valladolid) is a judo athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a B3 type athlete. She competed in judo at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. She finished second at the 2004 Games in the Up to 57 Kg group. She finished second at the 2008 Games in the Up to 63 Kg group. She finished third in the 2012 Games Up to 63 Kg group.

She got a job with help from the Employment HPOD PROAD Program, which is helped by ONCE.

Jorge Nuñez Piris

Jorge Nuñez Piris (born Jue 18, 1972 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 4 X 100 meter T11-T13 race. He finished third in the 100 meter T12 race. 

Vanesa Ortega Godoy

Vanesa Ortega Godoy (born March 24, 1981 in Málaga) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished in second in 400 meter T12 race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. 

Purificacion Ortiz Ortiz

Purificacion Ortiz Ortiz (born June 6, 1972 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a T11/F11/B1 type athlete. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in the F11-F12 long jump and finished third. 

Francisco Javier Perez Canduelas

Francisco Javier Perez Canduelas (born March 17, 1969 in Valencia) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in the T12 marathon and he finished third. 

Egoz (ship)

The Egoz (, literally: "walnut", originally: "Pisces") was a ship that sank in the Mediterranean Sea on 10 January 1961. It was carrying 44 Jewish emigrants sailing from Morocco. It also carried one Israeli that was deputy of the Israeli government, and two Spanish crew members. Only 22 bodies were found. They were buried at a Jewish cemetery in Morocco. In 1992, the 22 bodies were buried in the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel at Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. An empty grave was built to honor the people who were never found. A memorial for all of the victims was built beside the graves.


Salvador (ship)

The Salvador was a ship that sank in the Sea of Marmara on 12 December 1940. It was carrying Jewish emigrants from Bulgaria. The ship sank next to the beach of Silivri, Turkey. There were 238 Jews, 3 crew members, and 2 volunteers on board -204 passengers {including 66 children} were lost. Of 123 survivors-63 were sent back of Bulgaria; the rest resided in Istanbul and were on the immigrant ship Darien II which was intercepted by the British March 29, 1941; the emigrants were interred in Atlit for a year and half. In 1964, the 223 bodies were buried in the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel at Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. Twenty-one of the bodies were not identified. A memorial for all of the victims was built beside the graves.


Patria disaster

The SS "Patria" was an passenger ship that sank in the Mediterranean Sea on 25 November 1940. It was sailing from the port of Haifa. It was carrying about 1,800 Jewish refugees from Europe during World War II. The British government were deporting them from Palestine to Mauritius because they did not have visas. Zionist organisations opposed the deportation, and the paramilitary group Haganah planted a bomb in the ship to stop it from leaving Haifa. However, the Haganah miscalculated the size of the explosion: it killed 260 people and injured 172. The rest of the passengers were rescued by British and Arab boats that rushed to save them.

The British allowed the survivors to remain in Palestine on humanitarian grounds. 221 passengers were buried in the Carmel Beach cemetery in Haifa.


Richard More

Richard More (circa. 1614–1696) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He became a sailor and later a ship captain. He saved at least one colony from starvation and helped to keep the colonies prosperous by trading goods to and from England and the West Indies. He fought sea battles against the French in 1664.

Richard and his siblings were taken from their mother and given to the care of Mayflower passengers as indentured servants. Only Richard survived and lived a long and prosperous life. Richard has descendants that can be traced to present day.

The More children travelled as indentured servants to 3 of the "Mayflower" Pilgrims. Ellen, age 8, was assigned to Edward Winslow. She died soon after the ship landed. Jasper, age 7, was a servant of John Carver. Jasper died in December of 1620 while the "Mayflower" was in Harbor. He was buried ashore in what is now the Provincetown area. There is a memorial with his name and that of four others who also died at sea or while the ship was anchored at Cape Cod Harbor in November and December of 1620. Mary, age 4, died soon after the ship landed. Richard resided with the William Brewster family until about mid-1627. The 3 children died of something that was called the ‘common infection’ because so many people died of the same illness. Only Richard survived.

More and his sisters and brother left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on 21 November. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

More was 6 when the "Mayflower" landed at Plymouth Colony. When he stepped on land, he worked with all of the others to help gather supplies for food and shelter and to bury the dead. In the spring of 1621, he attended the first Thanksgiving. Nothing is known of More during the years he lived with the Brewster family from 1620 to 1627, except that his name is on a document giving adults cattle and other livestock.

More was working for Isaac Allerton in 1628. Allerton traded goods and supplies over long distances He fished near Plymouth and Maine. Later he became captain on the ships that supplied the new American colonies.

By early 1642, More joined the Salem church. As a member of this Church he would be allowed to give his opinion and to vote on important matters in Salem.

By the age of twenty-four, More was a captain of his own small ship and traded with the colonies, the West Indies, and England. He moved to Salem Neck Massachusetts and set up his own fishing stand. Drinking water was scarce so More dug a well for himself but allowed all others to use it. He traded tobacco and other merchandise and supplies with Virginia and the West Indies, and made voyages to England.

More took part in sea battles against the French in 1664. They were trying to prevent the early colonist from fishing and trading goods and supplies that the colonists needed to live. This was in an area called the Hudson River region. In 1654 More also was in another Naval battle against the French at Port Royal, Virginia.

More rescued the colonists at the new colony at Cape Fear, North Carolina in 1665.. The people there were dying because they had no food and not enough clothes to keep them warm. The waters around Cape Fear were (and still are) very dangerous for ships yet More brought a shipment of food and supplies to aid them when other captains failed or refused to try.

Richard and his wife Christian Hunter More had 7 children: Samuel, Thomas, Caleb, Richard Jr., Joshua, Susanna, and Christian.

Christian More died March 18, 1676 in Salem.

More died in 1696. His gravestone gives his age as 84, but he did not know his exact birth date. More lived longer than any other male passenger of the "Mayflower". He is buried in the Charter Street Burial Ground in Salem, Massachusetts. He is the only Mayflower passenger to have his gravestone where it was originally placed sometime in the mid-1690s. Also buried nearby in the same cemetery were his two wives, Christian Hunter More and Jane More.

In recent years, More's metal spoon was found during the excavation of the original Plymouth Colony site. His initials were carved into it.

Hector International Airport

The Hector International Airport is an air service terminal serving Fargo, North Dakota and Moorhead, Minnesota. The airport was named for Martin Hector. It has no scheduled passenger airline service leaving the country, although it receives its international name for the customs services that is available for aircraft coming from Canada. The airport was an intended destination of Ritchie Valens, Buddy Holly and J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson, although the airplane crashed almost immediately after takeoff; the accident took the lives of the three musical performers and the pilot in 1959.

Grand Forks International Airport

The Grand Forks International Airport is an airport that performs service for the Upper Midwest and is based in Grand Forks, North Dakota. The GFK does not have scheduled passenger airline service for leaving the United States, though gets its international title because it carries customs services for general aviation aircraft arriving from Canada and from certain other countries.

Denver International Airport

The Denver International Airport (DIA) is an airport in Denver, Colorado. It is the largest airport in the United States by total area. It was the 3rd busiest airport in the world in 2021. It replaced the Stapleton Airport in February 1995.

These airline go to Denver International Airport: 


PBR&amp;B

PBR&B (also called R-neg-B Hipster R&B or Alternative R&B) is a musical genre which stylistic origins are derived from R&B, alternative hip hop, hip hop soul, rock and sometimes electronic dance music. It emerged in the late 2000s and did not have an official name to it, so people called it alternative R&B until 2011 when the term PBR&B (an abbreviation of Pabst Blue Ribbon) came on Twitter. Music journalist Eric Harvey coined the term PBR&B in a one-off tweet about the Weeknd, How to Dress Well, and Frank Ocean. Other notable artists include Miguel and Drake.

Sacrament of marriage

The sacrament of marriage in the Catholic Church is the marriage contract between two baptized persons of the opposite sex. Each person acquires the irrevocable and exclusive right over the body of the other for the purposes of procreation. Marriage ends with the death of either person. The sacrament of marriage is regulated by divine law, church law, and civil law. The Roman Catholic church does not perform or recognize same-sex marriages. Religions other than Roman Catholicism have different regulations and customs governing marriage.

Marriage

Marriage is a contract by which two people (usually a man and a woman) agree to cohabit together as a couple for an extended period of time or for the rest of their lives with the goal of having children together and starting a family. 

It can be done by signing a contract before a civil authority (civil marriage) or in a formal ceremony officiated by a religious authority. 

The most common form of marriage is a legally binding heterosexual union. Some societies recognize polygamy, which includes polygyny and polyandry. In polygyny, a man may be married to many women; in polyandry a woman may be married to many men. In Senegal, for example, nearly 47 percent of marriages are multiple. A temporary marriage is called a .

The most common age to get married is between 25 to 30 years old. In the Western world, marriage for love is common. In some other places, relatives may plan an arranged marriage. Romani people tend to marry younger.

There are many reasons why people marry, but they usually include one or more of the following:

Marriage usually leads to rights and obligations to those married, these may include:

Marriage is also about sexual intercourse; being unable to have sex, being unwilling to have sex, or having sex outside the marriage may be a reason to undo the marriage.

Often there is also a spiritual part of marriage. In addition to the civil act (wanted by the state) there is sometimes a religious one. A Christian marriage ceremony usually happens in a church. In a Christian marriage, both partners promise to love each other for the rest of their lives. There are certain restrictions on who can marry or be married; those closely related, like brothers and sisters usually cannot marry. This is usually to prevent genetic problems for the children. Those marrying also have to be of a certain age to be able to marry. If that age is not specified it is usually the age of consent. In Hinduism marriage is considered to be holy and is seen as a union of the goddess "Laxmi" and the god "Narayan".

Some countries and religious communities also permit the union of two partners of the same sex. This is generally known as same-sex marriage. In the Netherlands, the marriage law was changed to allow such unions, called "Marriage". Other countries that allow them sometimes have a different name for them.


Leila Ismailova

Leila Ryzvanauna Ismailova (, ; born 28 July 1991 in Minsk) is an Azerbaijani-Belarusian journalist, presenter and model.

Leila was born in the family of Rizvan Islam oglu Ismayilov, the native city of Agdam (Azerbaijan), and Halina Ivanauna Ruzhantsova, the native city of Minsk. One month after the birth of her daughter, the family moved to Baku.

When Leila was 3 years old, her father, who worked as director of a tank farm in Agdam, who was killed during the Armenian-Azerbaijani conflict by gunfire from the Armenian side. A mother with three children returned to Minsk.

In 2006 Leila finished Lyceum of the Belarusian State University (history form), then she graduated from the Institute of Journalism of the Belarusian State University (audiovisual journalism, diploma with honour, the best alumna 2011).

She is an Azerbaijani-Belarusian journalist leading music TV programs, model. In particular, was host the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2010, which was held in Minsk (together with Dzianis Kurian), Leila was the spokesman of the Belarusian voting in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, and has been leading the national selection in Belarus for Eurovision Song Contest 2012.

Leila founded charity organisation Pretty Powerful that works with orphan girls in Belarus and helps them to make first steps after leaving the orphanage. The organisation started its work in 2014 and has been actively working since then.

Ms. Ismailova is obtaining her master's degree in Strategic Public Relation in University of Southern California.

Leila has been a host and a jury member of international award for journalists ADAMI Media Prize.


Tom Lehrer

Tom Lehrer (born 9 April 1928), also known as Thomas Andrew Lehrer, is an American singer-songwriter, pianist and mathematician. Lehrer is known for his comic songs which were written in the 1950s and 1960s. His career was short, as he retired in the 1970s, in order to focus on teaching mathematics at Harvard University. His most known songs are "Poisoning Pigeons in the Park", and The Elements, where Lehrer sung all the elements in the periodic table (at that time), to the tune of the Modern Major General, a song that was written by Gilbert and Sullivan for the stage show The Pirates of Penzance.

He released a few albums in his years of work, which were split from recordings from live concerts, to just studio versions, recorded without an audience. The first one of these albums was released in 1953, and the last was released in 1965, (minus a stereo rerecording of the first album, and the releasing of 'Songs and More Songs by Tom Lehrer' in 1996, which put two albums together, including a few more songs. These albums are as follows:

In 2022, he released his music into the public domain. They are free to download.

Lehrer earned his AB in Mathematics in 1946, and an MA degree the following year. He has taught mathematics at many universities. Some of these are Harvard, MIT and University of California-Santa Cruz.

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010 was the eighth edition of Junior Eurovision Song Contest. It took place in Minsk, Belarus on 20 November 2010.
The contest was won by Vladimir Arzumanyan of Armenia with the song "Mama". This gave Armenia its first win at Junior Eurovision and its first win in any Eurovision contest, even though Sweden had been the betting favourite.

Each country gave votes. Half of the votes were cast by a jury, while the other half came from the public who voted via telephone and text messages. The voters decided their top ten songs using the points 12, 10, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1.


Below is a summary of all 12 points received:




Juan António Prieto Cardenas

Juan Antonio Prieto Cardenas (born March 6, 1969 in Jaén) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He raced and finished in finished first in the 4 X 400 meter T11-T13 race and in the 100 meter T12 race. He finished second in the 200 meter T12 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 X 100 meter T11-T13 race. 

Julio Requena Hernandez

Julio Requena Hernandez (born September 9, 1969 in Leon) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T11/B1 type athlete. He raced at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 100 meter B1 race. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 4 X 100 meter T11-T13 race, the 100 meter T11 race and the 200 meter T11 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 X 100 meter T11-T13 race and the 200 meter T11 race. 

José Manuel Rodríguez Ibañez

Jose Manuel Rodriguez Ibañez (born May 20, 1966 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T11/F11/B1 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the triple jump and long jump. He finished second in the 100 meter race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the triple jump and he finished second in the long jump. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished 6 in the triple jump and 11 in the long jump. 

Sergio Sanchez Hernandez

Sergio Sanchez Hernandez (born May 16, 1968 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 4 X 400 meter T11-T13 race. He finished second in the 400 meter T12 race. 

The Discoverie of Witchcraft

The Discoverie of Witchcraft (1584) is a book by Reginald Scot. It treats witchcraft with skepticism. Scot's purpose in writing the book was to prevent the persecution of the poor, the aged, and the simple for witchcraft. Scot blames the Roman Catholic church for keeping alive the belief in witches.

Shakespeare found a description of Puck in the book while he was writing "A Midsummer Night's Dream". The book created much controversy. King James I of England believed in witches. He ordered all copies of the book to be burnt.

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011 was the ninth edition of the contest, and took place in Yerevan, Armenia at the recently renovated Karen Demirchyan Sports and Concerts Complex. It was the first time in history of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest that the contest was held in last year's winning country.
Public Television of Armenia ARMTV was the main organizer of the show, being provided financial aid from the European Broadcasting Union made of entrance fees from the participating broadcasters, while Swedish company HD Resources assisted with the technical side of the production.

The winner was the group Candy from Georgia with the song "Candy Music". This is Georgia's second victory in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest.

Each country gave their votes through a 50% jury and 50% televoting system, which decided their top ten songs using the points 12, 10, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1.



Even though rules of Junior Eurovision do not allow participation of returning artists - EBU issued special permission for Russian entry 2011 performed by participant of Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2009 Ekaterina Ryabova, which is first similar case in history of the contest. According to Sietse Bakker, EBU coordinator - EBU may also drop this rule completely, starting from 2012. Notably, Ekaterina had also already applied to national preselection in 2010 as well, but was disqualified following the existing rule.




José Antonio Sánchez

José Antonio Sánchez (born August 2, 1970 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He is blind. He is a T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. 

Pyotr Todorovsky

Pyotr Yefimovich Todorovsky (26 August 1925 – 24 May 2013) was a Ukrainian-Russian movie director, screenwriter and cinematographer of Jewish origin. His son Valery Todorovsky is also a movie director.

Todorovsky was born on 26 August 1925 in Bobrynets, Ukraine. He was raised in Odessa, Ukraine, then part of the Soviet Union. Todorovsky has one son, Valery Todorovsky. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1983. Todorovsky died on 24 May 2013 from a heart attack in a hospital in Moscow, Russia, aged 87.

Enrique Sánchez-Guijo Acevedo

Enrique Sanchez-Guijo Acevedo (born March 28, 1974 in Salamanca) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T11/B1 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 4 X 100 meter T11-T13 race and the 4 X 400 meter T11-T13 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 200 meter T11 race. He finished third in the 4 X 100 meter T11-T13 race. 

Purificación Santamarta Bravo

Purificación Santamarta Bravo (born May 25, 1962 in Burgos) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a T11/B1 type athlete. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 400 meter T11 race, in the 200 meter T11 race and in the 100 meter T11 race. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 400 meter T11 race. She finished second in the 100 meter T11 race. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 200 meter T11 race. 

José Benito Saura Mendez

Jose Benito Saura Mendez (born December 4, 1978 in Murcia) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 800 meter T12 race. 

José Luis Tovar Pavon

Jose Luis Tovar Pavon (born January 8, 1972 in Huelva) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T11/B1 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 400 meter T11 race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. 

Frederick Ashton

Sir Frederick William Mallandaine Ashton (17 September 1904 – 18 August 1988) was a dancer and choreographer. He was the founder choreographer of The Royal Ballet.

Alejo José Velez Cucalon

Alejo Jose Velez Cucalon (born May 1, 1968 in Zaragoza) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/B2 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the high jump. 

James Sisnett

James Emmanuel "Doc" Sisnett (22 February 1900 – 23 May 2013) was a Barbadian farmer and supercentenarian. Sisnett was at the time of his death the oldest Barbadian person ever as well as the oldest male British subject ever at the time of his death, surpassing Englishman Henry Allingham.

Sisnett was born on 22 February 1900 in Saint George parish, Barbados (at that time British West Indies). His siblings lived up to be 98, 99, and 100. In 1923, Sisnett married Anita Dowling, having 5 children until Anita's death in 1937. Sisnett later married Josephine Evelyn in 1942, with whom he had 6 children, and 9 of his 11 children were living at the time of his death. He worked as a farmer until age 100 in 2000 when he retired. Due to poor eyesight, in 2006 aged 106, Sisnett had an operation to remove his cataracts. Sisnett died at age 113 years, 90 days from natural causes in his home in Christ Church, Barbados on 23 May 2013 while sleeping.

At the time of his death, Sisnett was the oldest living man in North America since Walter Breuning's death on 14 April 2011 and, since Japaneseman Tanekichi Onishi, died on 11 September 2011, the world's second oldest living man behind Japaneseman Jiroemon Kimura. Sisnett and Kimura were the last living men born in the 19th century.

Juan Viedma Castillo

Juan Viedma Castillo (born February 6, 1970 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a T12/F12/B2 type athlete. He competed at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in the 100 meter B2 race. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the F12 triple jump. He finished third in the long jump. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 4 X 100 meter T11-T13 race. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. 

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 was the tenth edition of the contest. It took place at the Heineken Music Hall in Amsterdam, Netherlands on 1 December 2012. Dutch broadcaster AVRO was the host broadcaster for the event. For the second time the Netherlands will host the contest, after hosting the contest in 2007 in Rotterdam. The motto for the contest was ""Break The Ice"".



Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2009

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was the seventh edition of Junior Eurovision Song Contest and took place in Kiev, Ukraine. It was scheduled for 21 November.
13 countries were confirmed by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) to compete in the Contest.
The contest was won by Ralf Mackenbach for the Netherlands with the song "Click Clack". At the age of 14, he is the oldest person to win the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in its 7 year History. Luara Hayrapetyan achieved Armenia another second place. Ekaterina Ryabova also took second place for Russia.

Each country decided their votes through a 50% jury and 50% televoting system which decided their top ten songs using the points 12, 10, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1.
Sweden have only 100% jury.

Below is a summary of all 12 points received:





Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013 was the 11th annual Junior Eurovision Song Contest. It took place in Kyiv, Ukraine on the 30 November 2013. The venue for the contest was announced on 10 April 2013, as the National Palace of Arts "Ukraina". Ukrainian broadcaster NTU was the host broadcaster for the event. This is the second time the contest as held in Kyiv, the first being the 2009 Contest. It was also be the second time in the history of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest that the event was held in last year's winning country.


361

361 was a common year in the Julian calendar.



363

363 was a common year.




364

364 was a leap year.




365

365 was a common year.




367

367 was a common year.



368

368 was a leap year starting on Tuesday.




Third Fleet (Australia)

The Third Fleet was a group of 11 ships that sailed to Australia in 1791. It was part of the British colonisation of Australia. The ships left Great Britain in February, March and April 1791, and sailed for the penal colony in Sydney. They carried more than 2,000 convicts aboard. The other passengers included soldiers, politicians and nobles sent to hold important positions in the colony.

Antonio Cid Cortés

Antonio Cid Cortes (born February 16, 1954 in Orense) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC1 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the BC1/BC2 team event. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the BC1 one person event and in the BC1/BC2 team event. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.

Vör

In Norse mythology, Vör (meaning "the careful one" or "aware, careful") is a goddess of wisdom. She is described in the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson.

Rán

Ran is the Norse goddess of the sea. She is responsible for storms waves and those who died at sea. She is called cruel and greedy. Ran had nine daughters called the Waves. She spent most of her life collecting lost valuables at the bottom of the ocean and then casting them into her giant net that she wears as a skirt.

Boccia

Boccia is a ball sport played by disabled people including people with cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophy or spinal cord injury. Players use leather or soft plastic covered balls. It was first played at the Paralympic Games in 1984. The sport is for both men and women, who play against each other in competition. It was originally developed to be a sport that could be played by wheelchair users with severe cerebral palsy, was then extended to include other players with severe impairment affecting their movement, and later to the wider community including people with learning disability, milder movement disabilities, or visual impairment.

In the Paralympics there are four categories of players based on their level of disability: BC1, BC2, BC3 and BC4. Players take part in competition one at a time, in twos or in teams of three.

The organisation which controls international boccia is called BISFed - the Boccia International Sports Federation. BISFed write the rules of the international game, control the selection of players for the Paralympic Games, and run competitions for boccia players. The biggest competition is the world championships. The world championships happen every 4 years, two years before and after the Paralympic Games. 

2013 in movies

The following tables list movies released in 2013. Two box-office hits ("Top Gun" and "Jurassic Park") were re-released in 3D and IMAX.

The top ten 2013 released films by worldwide gross are as follows:

http://www.boxoffice.com/

Jesús Fraile Moreno

Jesus Fraile Moreno (born June 8, 1964 in Toledo) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC2 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the BC1/BC2 team event and he finished third in the BC2 one person event. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the BC2 one person event. He finished second in the BC1/BC2 team event 

Iron Man 3

Iron Man 3, (stylized as IRON MAN THREE on movie) is a 2013 American superhero movie featuring the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, directed by Shane Black, produced by Kevin Feige of Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.

After the events of "The Avengers", Tony suffers from post traumatic stress disorder after the Battle of New York as he realized that there are bigger threats out there and he must protect Pepper, people and everyone he loves from being killed. However, he resists the trauma when the leader of the Ten Rings, the Mandarin, tries to kill him. Now stranded without any of his technology Stark must find a way to come back home and stop the Mandarin from destroying America.


It was released on May 3, 2013. Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, the film was positively welcomed from audience despite some criticizing for its twist. The movie is the highest grossed movie of 2013.

On 2014, Shane Blake and Robert Downey Jr. said they would like to do a fourth film. Despite rumors, it is unknown if the film will be made. However, a series for Disney+ based on Iron Heart is currently in development and could eventually serve as a sequel if the fourth film doesn't get made. The series will center on Tony Stark, momentarily became an holographical AI after saving his consciousness in a computer while phsycally dying, becomes the mentor of a teenager named Riri Williams and wants her to be his successor.

Miguel Angel Gomez Garro

Miguel Angel Gomez Garro (born February 24, 1961 in Guipúzcoa) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC1 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the BC1/BC2 team event. 

Yolanda Martin Franco

Yolanda Martin Franco (born may 12, 1975 in Guipúzcoa) is a boccia player from Spain. She has a physical disability: She has cerebral palsy and is a BC3 type athlete. She works as an administrator. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the BC1 one person event. She competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the two person BC3 event. She competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the two person BC3 event. 

Penny Pritzker

Penny Sue Pritzker (born May 2, 1959) is an American business executive, entrepreneur, civic leader, and philanthropist. She was the United States Secretary of Commerce from June 2013 to January 2017.

She studied at Castilleja School, Harvard College, and Stanford University.

She is the founder, chairman and CEO of PSP Capital Partners and Pritzker Realty Group. She's also co-founder and chairman of Artemis Real Estate Partners. She is a member of the Pritzker family.

In 2012, Chicago magazine named her one of the 100 most powerful Chicagoans. In 2011 the Forbes 400 list of America's wealthiest showed her as the 263rd richest person in the U.S., estimated net worth of US $1.7 billion, and the world's 651st richest person.
In 2009 Forbes named Pritzker as one of the 100 most powerful women in the world.

Pritzker was nominated to be the next United States Secretary of Commerce by Barack Obama.


Santiago Pesquera Blanco

Santiago Pesquera Blanco (born April 21, 1973 in La Rioja) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC3 type athlete. He had cerebral palsy when he was born. His job is working with computers. He started playing sport when he was 17 years old. He also plays wheelchair track and field.

He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in boccia. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the BC3 two person event event. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the BC3 two person event event. He finished second in the BC3 one person event. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the BC3 one person event. 

María Hilda Rodríguez Rodríguez

Maria Hilda Rodriguez Rodriguez (born May 10, 1955 in Lugo) is a boccia player from Spain. She has a physical disability: She has cerebral palsy and is a BC2 type athlete. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the BC1/BC2 team event. She finished first in the BC2 one person event. 

María del Carmen Chaves Calvo

Maria del Carmen Chaves Calvo (born January 13, 1967 in Hospitalet de Llobregat) is a cyclist from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the tandem road race. 

Ran

Ran, ran, RaN and/or RAN may refer to:


Farnham, Essex

Farnham is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 392 people living in Farnham. Farnham covers about 8 square miles.

Alston

Alston is a town in Cumbria, England. People say that it is the highest market settlement in England.

The Agony and the Ecstasy

The Agony and the Ecstasy is a 1965 movie. It was directed by Carol Reed. It stars Charlton Heston as Michelangelo and Rex Harrison as Pope Julius II. The movie was partly based on Irving Stone's biographical novel of the same name. The movie is about the stormy relationship between Michelangelo and Pope Julius II during the painting of the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. It was nominated for five Academy Awards.


Aythorpe Roding

Aythorpe Roding is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 201 people living in Aythorpe Roding. Aythorpe Roding is one of The Rodings. There is a postmill in Aythorpe Roding which is the largest in Essex.

Hadstock

Hadstock is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 320 people living in Hadstock.

Hempstead

Hempstead is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 422 people living in Hempstead. It is 7 miles east of Saffron Walden.

Manuel Díaz Montava

Manuel Diaz Montava (born May 14, 1957 in Alicante) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the tandem road race. 

Langley

Langley is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 334 people living in Langley. The name Langley means 'a long clearing in woodland'.

Lassie Come Home (movie)

Lassie Come Home is a 1943 MGM movie directed by Fred Wilcox. It stars Roddy McDowall, Elizabeth Taylor, and dog actor Pal. It tells the story of a dog who travels hundreds of miles to be reunited with the boy she loves. It is based on the 1940 book "Lassie Come-Home" by Eric Knight.

The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography, Color. The Lassie character became the main character in six other MGM "Lassie" movies. In 1993, "Lassie Come Home" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Raul Fernández Arrizabalaga

Raul Fernandez Arrizabalaga (born January 13, 1972 in Luarca) is a cyclist and judo athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and is a B2 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in judo. He finished third in the Up to 90 Kg Open group. 

Abelardo Gandía Valdés

Abelardo Gandia Valdes (born September 5, 1977 in Requena) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the Tandem Individual Pursuit track race.

Antonio García Martínez (cyclist)

Antonio Garcia Martinez (born December 24, 1956 in Sevilla) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is LC3 type cyclist. He is a chemical engineer. People in his family are cyclists. This is why he started cycling. He competed at the Summer Paralympics in 1996, 2000, 2004, and 2008. He finished first in the Combined Road (Pursuit / Time Trial) LC3 race in 2004.

Juan Carlos Molina Merlos

Juan Carlos Molina Merlos (born July 18, 1974 in Granada) is a cyclist and skier from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and is a B3 type skier and cyclist.

He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in cycling in the Tandem one bicycle track Pursuit race. 

He competed at the 1994 Winter Paralympics in alpine skiing. He finished first in the downhill race. He finished 8 in the Super Giant race. He competed at the 1998 Winter Paralympics. He finished first in the downhill race. 

Elena María del Rocio Padrones Nieto

Elena Maria del Rocio Padrones Nieto (born May 2, 1973 in Valladolid) is a cyclist from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the tandem road race. 

María Belén Perez Sanchez

Maria Belen Perez Sanchez (born January 5, 1973 in Granada) is a cyclist from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the Tandem Road Race. She finished third in the Tandem Individual Pursuit track race.

Gema Victoria Hassen-Bey González

Gema Victoria Hassen-Bey González (born May 5, 1967 in Madrid) is a wheelchair fencing athlete from Spain and journalist. She is a Category B fencer. She has a disability: she uses a wheelchair. She became a paraplegic when she and her family were in a car accident. She is a journalist. 

She fenced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the women's sword. She fenced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. She fenced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. She fenced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.

She intends to become the first woman in a wheelchair to reach the top of Kilimanjaro, although before it ascended in 2017 to the top of Spain, the Teide on the island of Tenerife, of 3,718 meters. Gema Hassen-Bey became the first Paralympic athlete in the world in a wheelchair to reach 3,000 meters altitude with only the momentum of her arms. Initially, Gema wanted to reach the top of Teide, although, due to weather conditions, it could not meet this objective.

María Cristina Perez Naranjo

Maria Cristina Perez Naranjo (born April 11, 1965 in Málaga) is a wheelchair fencing athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she uses a wheelchair and is a Category A type fencer. She fenced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, Georgia. She finished third in the sword. 

Aitzol Arzallus Lizeaga

Aitzole Arzallus Lizeaga (born December 19, 1978 in San Sebastian) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C7 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played the United States and, won 2-1. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Stefano Ranucci

Stefano Ranucci (born 1963 in Rome) is an Italian managing director and political. He is the general director of (since 2007) and Unicusano Fondi Calcio (since 2014).

Ranucci was the general director of the Iberia airlines (Italy and Malta) and Alpitour Spa (Italy).


Julian Galilea Martinez de Pinillos

Julian Galilea Martinez de Pinillos (born September 17, 1966 in La Rioja) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C7 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team, Spain, played the United States national 7-per-team football team and won 2-1. His team finished third. 

José Ignacio Hurtado Echevarria

Jose Ignacio Hurtado Echevarria (born May 2, 1969 in La Rioja) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C8 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team, Spain, played the United States national 7-per-team football team and won 2-1. His team finished third. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Chinese Rail DF4C

The DF4C (4C) is a diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works. It has been in production since 1985 and is still produced as of 1999. 

The first DF4C was built in 1985 in Dalian. The first two DF4Cs followed the appearance of DF4B Locomotive. DF4C using the 16V240ZJC engine. It took fifteen years to build all 845 locomotives of this type.
In 1999, CSR Ziyang Locomotive Works developed into two DF4CKs which were based on the freight version. DF4CK use two A1A-A1A radial bogies. It spent its working life on the Guangzhou–Sanshui Railway and Maoming–Sanshui Railway.

It was built in 1998 in CSR Sifang Locomotive and Rolling Stock Co., Ltd. Its top speed is 160km/h. It is said it used two radial bogies.

The DF4C comes in a different color scheme than the previous DF4s, namely dark blue or later light blue and beige. Therefore, most of DF4Cs are called "Blue Cat" or "Ukraine" .

DF4Cs have been manufactured by several companies: 


David Jimenez Alvarez

David Jimenez Alvarez (born July 14, 1975 in Málaga) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C7 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team, Spain, played the United States national 7-per-team football team and won 2-1. His team finished third. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Santiago Lopez Fabregat

Santiago Lopez Fabregat (born June 8, 1963 in Alicante) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C7 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team, Spain, played the United States national 7-per-team football team and won 2-1. His team finished third. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Borja Pardo Calero

Borja Pardo Calero (born January 30, 1979 in Madrid) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C6 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played the United States and won 2-1. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Jorge Peleteiro Rubio

Jorge Peleteiro Rubio (born July 7, 1979, in Alicante) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He is a plumber. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy because he did not get enough oxygen when he was being born, and is a C7 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played the United States and won 2-1. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6.

Milan Michálek

Milan Michálek (born 7 December 1984, in Jindřichův Hradec, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the San Jose Sharks.

Before playing in the NHL, Michálek played 2 seasons with HC České Budějovice of the Czech Extraliga. He was drafted by the San Jose Sharks with the 6th overall pick in the 2003 NHL daft. He played 4 seasons with the Sharks and was then on September 12, 2009, he was traded to the Senators along with Jonathan Cheechoo and a second round pick for Dany Heatley and a fifth round draft pick in 2010.

His older brother Zbyněk plays in the NHL for the Arizona Coyotes.


Manuel Julian Rufo Gracia

Manuel Julian Rufo Gracia (born June 25, 1975 in Cáceres) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C8 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played the United States and won 2-1. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Juan Carlos Taibo Lopez

Juan Carlos Taibo Lopez (born January 8, 1978 in A Coruña) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C8 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played the United States and won 2-1. 

Ivan Vazquez Basurco

Ivan Vazquez Basurco (born February 11, 1975 in San Sebastian) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C7 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played the United States and won 2-1. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Jesús María Visitacion Villan

Jesus Maria Visitacion Villan (born May 17, 1966 in San Sebastian) is a 7-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he has cerebral palsy and is a C7 type player. He played 7-per-team football at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played the United States and won 2-1. He played 7-per-team football at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team finished 6. 

Viroflay

Viroflay is a French commune of Yvelines, in France.

It is near Versailles and Vélizy-Villacoublay.

Its current mayor is "Olivier Lebrun".

The people who live there are called "Viroflaysiens".

Mika (singer)

Mika (born Michael Holbrook Penniman, Jr.; 18 August 1983) is a British-Lebanese singer.

Mika was born in Beirut, Lebanon to a Lebanese mother and an American father. When Mika was a year old, his family was forced to leave war-torn Lebanon and moved to Paris. He moved to London at age nine. He is openly gay and some of his songs have LGBT themes.



Stephen Hopkins (Mayflower passenger)

Stephen Hopkins (15811644) He was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620, and signed the Mayflower Compact. He was also an assistant to the Governor of Plymouth Colony in 1636. 

Hopkins was born in 1581 at Upper Clatford, Hampshire, England and was the son of John and Elizabeth Hopkins. He worked as a tanner and merchant.

There is little information about his early life. He married a woman named Mary and they had three children: Elizabeth, Constance, and Giles.

On June 2, 1609 Hopkins sailed over the Atlantic Ocean for Jamestown, Virginia on the "Sea Venture". This was the head ship of a group of ships lead by Sir George Somers. The "Sea Venture" was carrying the new Jamestown governor, Thomas Gates, and was also delivering supplies to Jamestown. 

The ships were on the sea for nearly two months when a severe storm that lasted for five days caused the ships to become separated. The "Sea Venture" was badly damaged and about to sink. They saw land which was the island of Bermuda. They made it to land but were shipwrecked on the island. Fortunately there was much food and water.

In September 1, 1609, they built a long boat and sent 8 men out to try to reach Jamestown to get help but that boat never returned.

In late November 1609, they begin repairing smaller boats enough to take everyone off the island and continue to Jamestown. Hopkins and other people did not agree with Captain Gates and did not think he was a good leader. They had a dispute and Hopkins was charged with mutiny. He was sentenced to death but the people on the ship begged the Captain to take mercy and Hopkins was forgiven.

The settlers in Jamestown did not get along with the Native Americans and they also refused to farm and grow food. They sometimes cheated the Native Americans and they turned against the settlers with violence which lasted for years.

On May 10, 1610, Hopkins and others left the island of Bermuda and came to Jamestown eleven days later. The people in Jamestown were starving to death. They were afraid to go outside the fort and were tearing down their houses for firewood. They were not planting crops. They also refused to trade with the Native Americans or to fish. When he arrived from Bermuda, Governor Gates estimated there was only days worth of food left. He decided to sail to Newfoundland and then went to England. Just as they were preparing to depart, an English ship came into the harbor with supplies and new settlers along with a new governor, Lord de la Warr. The colonists were forced to return and reestablish their fort.

William Shakespeare wrote a play called "The Tempest" in November 1611. It is about a group of passengers being shipwrecked by a mighty storm. That play has a character that was supposed to be Stephen Hokpins.

Back in England, Hopkins' wife Mary unexpectedly died in May 1613, leaving her three young children all alone. Hopkins returned to England to care for his children. Some time later, he married his second wife Elizabeth Fisher.

When Hopkins learned of the planned ‘’Mayflower’’ voyage to Northern Virginia to establish a colony, he decided he would like to go.

The children of Stephen and Elizabeth Hopkins were Damaris, Oceanus, Caleb, Deborah, Damaris, Ruth and Elizabeth. Oceanus was born during the voyage.

Hopkins left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land 21 November at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Hopkins signed the Mayflower Compact.

Hopkins and other men went to land to explore the area for a place where everyone could live. Hopkins was very valuable because he had experience from his time at Jamestown.

One of the earliest missions included William Bradford, John Carver, Myles Standish , Edward Winslow, John Howland, Richard Warren, Stephen Hopkins and Edwary Doty. Bradford wrote that they set off in freezing weather, "and when the set sail the salt spray froze on their coats, as if they had been glazed". Of this group Hopkins was the most experienced havings spent time at Jamestown. During their trip they observed Native Americans who appeared to be cutting up a large whale but when they saw the men approaching the natives fled. 

Hopkins taught the pilgrims to hunt and to make friends with the Native Americans. The first meeting with the Native Americans Samoset and Massasoit was held at Hopkins’ house. Over the years Hopkins was a great help to colony leaders such as Myles Standish and Edward Winslow.

Stephen Hopkins died sometime between June 6, 1644 and July 17th of that year. He made his will on June 6, 1644 and requested that he be buried next to his deceased wife, Elizabeth. The inventory was taken on July 17, 1644 and besides his deceased wife, he mentions sons Giles and Caleb, daughter Constance, wife of Nicholas Snow, daughters Deborah, Damaris, Ruth and Elizabeth.
The burial place of Stephen Hopkins is unknown." 

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003 was the first Eurovision Song Contest for young singers aged eight to fifteen. It was held on 15 November 2003, in Copenhagen, Denmark. The show was presented by Camilla Ottesen and Remee. The contest was won by the then eleven-year-old Dino Jelušić, who represented Croatia with his song "Ti Si Moja Prva Ljubav" (You Are My First Love). Second place went to Spain and third place went to the United Kingdom.

Below is a summary of the maximum 12 points each country awarded to another:




Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2004

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2004 was the second Eurovision Song Contest for young singers aged 8 to 15. It was held on 20 November 2004, in Håkons Hall, Lillehammer, Norway and lasted 2 hours and 15 minutes. The theme of the competition was "Bright Nordic Winter Nights". The show was presented by Stian Barsnes Simonsen and Nadia Hasnaoui. It was broadcast in 20 countries and viewed by 100 million people. Eighteen countries participated, including France and Switzerland who participated for the first time. Originally 20 countries had applied to take part in the competition, but Germany and Israel later withdrew. Spain, the United Kingdom and Croatia won the top three places, the same three countries as last year.

Below is a summary of the maximum 12 points each country awarded to another:




Pal

Pal (June 4, 1940 – 1958) was a rough collie dog actor in the 1940s and early 1950s. He was owned and trained by Rudd Weatherwax. He appeared in the 1943 MGM movie "Lassie Come Home" and six other MGM "Lassie" movies. After the MGM movies, he played Lassie in the two pilot episodes for the CBS television series "Lassie". He then retired. Pal died in 1958. He was buried on Weatherwax's ranch. His male descendants took over the Lassie role for the nearly 20-year run of the television series.

Rudd Weatherwax

Ruddell Bird "Rudd" Weatherwax (September 23, 1907 – February 25, 1985) was an animal trainer. He trained dogs for movies and television. He trained a collie named Pal for the 1943 MGM movie "Lassie Come Home". Pal appeared in six other MGM "Lassie" movies. He also trained Pal and his male descendants for the "Lassie" television series (1954-1974). He trained Spike for the 1957 Disney movie "Old Yeller". He also trained Homer, the unofficial New York Mets team mascot in the 1960s.

Governor of Hawaii

The Governor of the State of Hawaii is the head of the executive branch of Hawaii's government and commander-in-chief of the state's military. The governor has a duty to enforce state laws. He also has the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Hawaii Legislature, and the power to grant pardons, except in cases of treason and impeachment.

There have been seven governors of the state. Two have been elected to three terms. Three have been elected to two terms. The only one-term governor was the first, William F. Quinn. He also served a term as territorial governor. No state governor has resigned or died in office. No territorial governor ever died in office. George Ariyoshi was the first Asian American to be governor of any U.S. state. The current governor is Josh Green. He took office on December 5, 2022.

, six former governors were alive. The most recent death of a former governor was that of William F. Quinn (1957–1962), who died on August 28, 2006. 




Commonwealth War Graves Commission

The Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) is a British international organisation taking care of cemeteries and memorials of the British Army across countries of the Commonwealth of Nations. The organisation was established in 1917, as an idea of the British Army to take care of and maintain the military cemeteries.


Jerusalem British War Cemetery

The Jerusalem British War Cemetery (or Jerusalem War Cemetery) is a British military cemetery in Mount Scopus in Jerusalem. It honours the British soldiers who fought for the Commonwealth in Palestine during World War I.


Vár

Vár is a goddess of promises and agreements in Norse mythology. She listens to people that make agreements with one another. She also punishes those that break their promises and contracts. Vár is described in the Poetic Edda and the Prose Edda. The contracts that Vár makes are called "varar". Her name means 'pledge' or 'beloved'.

Sjöfn

Sjöfn was a goddess of love in Norse mythology. She is described in the Prose Edda, written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson.

Forseti

Forseti is a god of justice and reconciliation in Norse mythology. He oversaw courts and mediation. He is one of the Æsir gods. Forseti's name means "the presiding one" in Old Norse. He is often identified with Fosite, a god in the mythology of the Frisians. Forseti was the son of Nanna and Baldur.

Nerthus

Nerthus is a goddess of fertility in Germanic paganism. She was mentioned by the Roman historian Tacitus in his study of the Germans, called "Germania". Nerthus visited an island and was always met with celebration and hospitality. Nerthus was also mentioned as a goddess of peace, for when she visited this island, all weapons were locked up so as to not offend her.

Fulla

Fulla is a goddess in Germanic and Norse mythology. She is one of Frigg's three handmaidens. She was described wearing a golden snood. Fulla tended to the ashen box and Frigg's shoes. Fulla was also the one who Frigg told all of her secrets. 

Sága (goddess)

Sága is a goddess from Norse mythology. She is always associated with the island sakkavbar ("the fallen bank"). On this island, she and Odin often drank and ate together. Scholars have theorised that Sága may just be another name for Frigg. She may also be the goddess of clairvoyance or clarity. 

Snotra

Snotra is a goddess of wisdom and prudence in Norse mythology. The "Prose Edda" says that Snotra is "high and courteous". She is a goddess that, according to Snorri Sturluson, "should be worshiped as a high-ranking goddess". She also is one of the few goddesses that dies during Ragnarok.

Vili and Vé

In Norse mythology, Vili and Vé are the brothers of Odin. It is said that these three gods made the world. In Old Norse, "vili" means "will", and "vé" refers to a type of Germanic shrine

Vé is also known as the god of the seas. He once challenged Odin to a duel over the throne of Asgard. Odin won, and sent his brother to the underworld as punishment.

Vili, however, was loyal to Odin. Since Odin wore gold armour, his brothers Vili wore silver and Vé wore bronze. When Odin threw Vé into the underworld, Vé's armour was taken from him. Eventually, when Ragnarök began, Vé was given back his armour, sword, and powers to join Odin and Vili on a quest to kill the wolf Fenrir. When Fenrir swallowed Odin, his brother Vili thought the war was over and there were no hope so he sacrificed himself to Fenrir. Vé fled after Vili sacrificed himself, but Fenrir found him in the realm of the elves and ate him. However some people may say that Fenrir never ate Vé and that he was shot in the head with an arrow by an elf who had mistaken him for his nephew Loki.

Borr

In Norse mythology, Borr is the father of the creation gods Odin, Vili and Vé. His wife is Bestla. Borr was the son of Búri. He was one of the first three gods, and one of the creator's of humanity.

Ēostre

Ēostre is a goddess of Spring in Germanic paganism. The festival of Easter is named after her. Her colors are pink and green. Eostre is a symbol of rebirth and fertility. Her animal is the hare - which is the origin of the Easter Bunny.

Elli

In Norse mythology, Elli is the personification of old age. She represents eternity. In the "Prose Edda" book "Gylfaginning", Elli defeats Thor in a wrestling match.

Tiki

A tiki is a carved wooden or stone object depicting a human-like figure. They are found in Polynesian cultures in the Pacific Islands. The carvings often serve to mark the boundaries of sacred sites. The term is also used in Māori mythology, where Tiki is the first man.

John &quot;Mule&quot; Miles

John "Mule" Miles (August 11, 1922 – May 24, 2013) was an American baseball player. He played with the Chicago American Giants of the Negro League from 1946-1949. Nicknamed the "Mule" by his manager Candy Jim Taylor after hitting two home runs in one ball game. Miles used to play with Jackie Robinson.

Miles was born on August 11, 1922 in San Antonio, Texas. He was an original Tuskegee Airman Member of the San Antonio Chapter at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas. Miles died on May 24, 2013 in his home in San Antonio, Texas from natural causes, aged 90.


Patch Adams

Hunter Doherty "Patch" Adams (born May 28, 1945) is an American physician, social activist, clown and author. He founded the Gesundheit! Institute in 1971. Each year he organizes a group of volunteers from around the world to travel to various countries where they dress as clowns in an effort to bring humor to orphans, patients, and other people.

Adams was born on May 28, 1945 in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Arlington, Virginia. Adams studied at Wakefield High School, at the Virginia Commonwealth University and at George Washington University.

After being hospitalized three times in one year for wanting to end his life, he decided "you don't kill yourself, stupid; you make revolution." He was married to Linda Edquist from 1975 until they divorced in 1998. They had two sons, Atomic Zagnut "Zag" Adams and Lars Zig Edquist Adams. He now lives in Urbana, Illinois.

The 1998 movie "Patch Adams" is based on his life. He was played by Robin Williams.


Division of Fremantle

The Division of Fremantle is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia. It was one of the original 75 divisions for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the city of Fremantle, which in turn is named for Captain Charles Fremantle. Fremantle was captain of HMS "Challenger", which brought the first settlers to Western Australia. The Division includes the southern suburbs of Perth, Cockburn, Coolbellup, Palmyra, Fremantle and Rottnest Island.

The division originally included Perth's southwestern suburbs. Boundary changes since 1949 have made it a very safe seat for the Australian Labor Party.

Many senior Labor members have held Fremantle. The most famous was John Curtin, Prime Minister of Australia from 1941 to 1945.Others were Kim Beazley (senior), a minister in the Whitlam Government; John Dawkins, a minister in the Hawke Government and Keating Governments; and Carmen Lawrence, the former Premier of Western Australia and a minister in the Keating Government. Melissa Parke is a former United Nations lawyer.


Ensete

Ensete is a genus of flowering plants native to tropical regions of Africa and Asia. It is one of the three genera in the banana family, Musaceae, and includes the false banana or enset ("E. ventricosum"), an economically important foodcrop in Ethiopia.

The genus "Ensete" was first described by Paul Fedorowitsch Horaninow (1796-1865) in his "Prodromus Monographiae Scitaminarum" of 1862 in which he created a single species, "Ensete edule". However, the genus did not receive general recognition until 1947 when it was revived by E. E. Cheesman in the first of a series of papers in the "Kew Bulletin" on the classification of the bananas, with a total of 25 species.

Taxonomically, the genus "Ensete" has been reduced since Cheesman restore the taxon. Cheesman acknowledged that field study might reveal synonymy and the most recent review of the genus by Simmonds (1960) listed just six. The Plant List accepts eight species as valid.

The plants of "Ensete" are very large herbs without branches that die after producing seeds; They have only one stem that remains short until flowering.

They have very big leaves; the lower parts of the leaves form a false stem so they look as trees. Their fruits are leathery and dry berries with few big and hard seeds.

It is possible to separate "Ensete" into its African and Asian species.





Arius

Arius (born around 260, died 336 in Constantinople) was an early Christian thinker. He lived in Alexandria, but was probably born in Libya. He did not agree with his bishop Alexander who said that Jesus and God were the same. Arius said Jesus and God were not the same since there was a time when Jesus did not exist. 

At the First Council of Nicea, most bishops did not vote with Arius; the official document says that God the Father and Jesus the Son were of the same essence, and therefore the same being. They voted that Jesus and God had existed together for all time.


Francisco Boedo Vazquez

Francisco Boedo Vazquez (born October 29, 1959 in A Coruña) is a judo athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B2 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in judo. He finished second in the 86 kg group. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in judo. He finished 7 in the up to 81 kg Open group.

Ancient Libya

In antiquity, the geographical name Libya generally referred to the part of North Africa, west of the Nile. 

Rafael Moreno López

Rafael Moreno Lopez (born August 25, 1966 in Málaga) is a judo athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B2 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in judo. He finished 6 in the + 95 Kg group. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in judo. He finished second in the Open group. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in judo. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in judo. 

Charles Fremantle

Admiral Sir Charles Howe Fremantle GCB RN (2 June 1800 – 25 May 1869) was a British Royal Navy officer. The city of Fremantle in Western Australia is named after him. Fremantle was the son of Admiral Thomas Fremantle, a friend of Nelson. His mother was Elizabeth, the diarist. He was a nephew of William Henry Fremantle. His elder brother was Thomas Fremantle, 1st Baron Cottesloe. His middle name, Howe, is because his birth date was the anniversary of Lord Howe's victory over the French on the Glorious First of June in 1794. He joined the Royal Navy in 1812.

Fremantle was charged with raping a 15-year-old girl in April 1826. To avoid a scandal, his family paid off witnesses and put pressure on the judge. In August 1826 he was promoted to captain. In 1828 he was given command of the 26-gun frigate HMS "Challenger", and sent to claim the west coast of Australia for the United Kingdom.

HMS "Challenger" left the Cape of Good Hope on 20 March 1829. It arrived in Cockburn Sound on 2 May, and Fremantle went ashore at Garden Island. One week later, Fremantle raised the British flag at the mouth of the Swan River and claimed Western Australia for King George IV.

The new lieutenant governor James Stirling arrived in Cockburn Sound on 2 June on the "Parmelia", bring 69 new settlers. They planned to start a colony at the Swan River in Western Australia. On 8 June they were joined by 56 officers and men from the HMS "Sulphur". On 17 June, Stirling read out loud a legal document which supported Fremantle's earlier proclamation. This was the beginning of the history of Western Australia as a British colony, and later as a state of federal Australia.

Fremantle left the Swan River Colony on 25 August 1829, for the British Army base of Trincomalee, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) where he was based the next couple of years.

While he was there he visited many places including Kowloon. He told the British government that this would be a good site for a British settlement. They agreed and Hong Kong was settled in 1841.

On his way back to England in September 1832, he made his second and final visit to the Swan River Colony.

In 1833 he stopped at Pitcairn Island, where he attempted to make peace in the leadership dispute between Joshua Hill and George Hunn Nobbs.

In 1843 he was given command of HMS "Inconstant" in the Mediterranean Fleet and in 1847 he took command of HMS "Albion". In 1853 he became Captain of HMS "Juno" on the Australia Station.

In 1855 he served as Rear-Admiral controlling the naval transport service for the Crimean War from Balaklava (a city in the Ukraine).

In July 1858 he was given command of the Channel Squadron and in 1863 he became Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth.

He married Isabella Wedderburn on 8 October 1836. They had three children:

He died on 25 may 1869 six days before his 69 birthday and is buried in Brompton Cemetery, London.


Eugenio Andres Santana Santana

Eugenio Andres Santana Santana (born December 2, 1959 in Las Palmas) is a judo athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B2 type athlete. He competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in judo. He finished third in the 78 Kg group. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in judo. He finished 5 in the up to Open group. 

Carcharodontosauridae

The Carcharodontosauridae were a family of carnivorous theropod dinosaurs. They are a clade in the Carnosauria. Carcharodontosaurids included some of the largest land predators ever known: "Giganotosaurus", "Mapusaurus", "Carcharodontosaurus", and "Tyrannotitan". All of these rivalled or exceeded "Tyrannosaurus" in size.

Together with the spinosaurids, carcharodontosaurids were the largest predators in the early and middle Cretaceous throughout Gondwana. They were also in North America ("Acrocanthosaurus"), and Asia ("Shaochilong").

Their ages range from 127 to 93 million years ago (mya). After that, they may have been replaced by the smaller abelisaurids in Gondwana and by tyrannosaurids in North America and Asia. If so, this faunal replacement occurred on a global scale.

However, some theropod teeth discovered in the late Cretaceous of Brazil, as well as a fragment of right maxilla appear to belong to carcharodontosaurids. This suggests the group survived until the latest Cretaceous.

In December 2011, Oliver Rauhut described a new genus and species of carcharodontosaurid from the Upper Jurassic (late Kimmeridgian to earliest Tithonian, about 154150 mya) of southeastern Tanzania. "Veterupristisaurus" is the oldest known carcharodontosaurid.

José Luis Arribas Granados

Jose Luis Arribas Granados (born January 14, 1975 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. He had a disability: he is blind and is an B2/S12 type swimmer. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the breaststroke. 

Awasa

Awasa (sometimes spelled Awassa or Hawassa) is a city in Ethiopia. It is on the shores of Lake Awasa in the Great Rift Valley. The city is the capital of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples Region. It is on the Trans-African Highway 4 to Cairo-Cape Town. It has 165,275 people (2012).

The city was once the capital of the Sidamo Province from 1978 to 1995; when the 1995 Constitution was adopted and the province was abolished. The city also has Hawassa University, which was created in 1999. 194 members of the Sidama Liberation Movement were arrested and held in Awasa prison in September 1994. The chairman fled to the United Kingdom after someone tried to assassinate him.


Stenian

The Stenian is the last geological period in the Mesoproterozoic. It began 1.2 billion years ago, and ended at 1 billion years ago. Before it was the Ectasian. It is followed by the Tonian.

The supercontinent Rodinia began forming in this period.
Fossils of the first known sexually-reproducing eukaryotes are found at the end of the previous period in the Hunting Formation on Somerset Island, Nunavut, Canada.

This period includes the Keweenawan Age at about 1100 mya.

Ectasian

The Ectasian is the second geological period in the Mesoproterozoic. It began 1.4 billion years ago and ended at 1.2 billion years ago. The Ectasian came after the Calymmian and before the Stenian.

This period shows for the first evidence of sexual reproduction. The 1.2 billion-year-old Hunting Formation on Somerset Island, Canada, is from the end of the Ectasian. It has the microfossils of the multicellular filaments of "Bangiomorpha pubescens" (a type of red algae). This was the first organism that had sexual reproduction. 

Calymmian

The Calymmian is the first geological period in the Mesoproterozoic. It began 1.6 billion years ago and ended at 1.4 billion years ago.

In the period new land was formed. The supercontinent Columbia broke up during the Calymmian about 1.5 billion years ago.

Statherian

The Statherian is the last geological period in the Palaeoproterozoic. It began 1.8 billion years ago and ended at 1.6 billion years ago. 

The period is marked by new land. The supercontinent Columbia formed at the beginning of this period.

Orosirian

The Orosirian is the third geological period in the Palaeoproterozoic. It began 2.05 billion years ago (bya) and ended at 1.8 bya. 

The latter half of the period was a time of mountain-building on nearly all continents. It was the time when the supercontinent Columbia began to form.

Two of the largest known impact events on Earth happened during the Orosirian. At the beginning of the period, 2023 million years ago (mya), a large asteroid hit the earth and created the Vredefort impact structure. The event that created the Sudbury Basin structure happened near the end of the period about 1850 mya.

Rhyacian

The Rhyacian is the second geological period in the Palaeoproterozoic that began 2.3 billion years ago, and ended at 2.05 billion years ago. Before it was the Siderian It is followed by the Orosirian.

The Huronian (Makganyene) global glaciation began at the start of the Rhyacian. It lasted until 2200 million years ago.

The first known eukaryotes began to evolve in the Rhyacian period. The multicellular Francevillian Group Fossils, at 2.1-Gyr-old are from the Rhyacian period, as well as the enigmatic fossil "Diskagma".

Brandon Pirri

Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991, in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before he played in the NHL, Pirri played in the Ontario Junior Hockey League for the Streetsville Derbys and the Georgetown Raiders. He also played at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in the ECAC Hockey conference. He was drafted by the Blackhawks with the 59th overall pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He spends most of his time with the Blackhawks AHL farm team, the Rockford IceHogs.

On March 2, 2014, the Blackhawks traded Pirri to the Florida Panthers for a 2014 3rd round pick and a 2016 5th round pick.


Siderian

The Siderian is the first geological period in the Palaeoproterozoic that began 2.5 billion years ago, and ended at 2.3 billion years ago. Before it was the Neoarchaean It is followed by the Rhyacian.

Banded iron formations (BIFs) became very abundant early this period. BIFs were formed as anaerobic algae produced waste oxygen that combined with iron, forming magnetite (FeO, an iron oxide). This process cleared iron from the oceans, presumably turning greenish seas clear. Eventually, without an oxygen sink in the oceans, the process created the oxygen-rich atmosphere of today. This event is known as the oxygen catastrophe, which according to some geologists triggered the Huronian glaciation. The Huronian glaciation took place in the Siderian between 2400 Mya and 2300 Mya.

Shawn Lalonde

Shawn Beauchamp-Lalonde (born March 14, 1990, in Orleans, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before he played in the NHL, Lalonde played 4 seasons in the Ontario Hockey League for the Belleville Bulls. He was drafted by the Blackhawks with the 68th overall pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. He spends most of his time with the Blackhawks AHL farm team, the Rockford IceHogs. He played his first game in the NHL for the Blackhawks on April 14, 2011 in a game against the St. Louis Blues.

On July 24, 2013, Lalonde left the Blackhawks to join Eisbären Berlin of the DEL.

Sara Carracelas García

Sara Carracelas Garcia (born September 15, 1981 in Guipúzcoa) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability: she has cerebral palsy and is an S2 type swimmer. She works with computers. She started swimming when she was four years old. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 50 meter backstroke and the 50 meter freestyle. She finished third in the 100 meter freestyle. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 50 meter backstroke. She finished third in the 50 meter freestyle. She finished second in the 100 meter freestyle. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished first in the 50 meter backstroke, the 50 meter freestyle and in the 100 meter freestyle. She raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the 50 meter backstroke. In 2010, she competed at the Tenerife International Open.

Chris Tarrant

Christopher John "Chris" Tarrant (born 10 October 1946) is a British radio and television personality. He is best known as the presenter of the British version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?." He presented the show from 1998 to 2014. He was born on 10 October 1946 in Reading, Berkshire, England. 

As the presenter of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", he was known for using catchphrases such as "But we don't want to give you that!" and "Is that your final answer?" during the show. "Is that your final answer?" was a catchphrase that became a part of the "Millionaire" franchise.


Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005 was the third Junior Eurovision Song Contest for young singers aged 8 to 15. On 26 November 2005, the contest was held at the Ethias Arena in Hasselt, Belgium. It was broadcast live in a joint effort by the national broadcasters Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep (VRT) and Radio télévision belge de la communauté française (RTBF), together with the European Broadcasting Union. Belgium won the right to hold the contest over five other countries including Croatian Radiotelevision (HRT) of Croatia and AVRO of the Netherlands. Marcel Vanthilt and Maureen Louys hosted the event. 

Televote 12, 10, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 points.
The presenters started off by giving all contestants 12 points.

Below is a summary of all 12 points received:




Neoarchaean

The Neoarchaean (Neoarchean) is the last geological era in the Archaean eon. It began 2.8 billion years ago and ended 2.5 billion years ago. Before the Neoarchaean era was the Mesoarchaean era and before the Palaeoproterozoic.

Oxygenic photosynthesis first evolved in this era. This led to an oxygen catastrophe in the Palaeoproterozoic era. It was caused by a poisonous buildup of oxygen in the atmosphere. This was created by oxygen-producing photoautotrophs that evolved in the Neoarchaean. The supercontinent Kenorland formed during this period, about 2.7 billion years ago.

Mesoarchaean

The Mesoarchaean (Mesoarchean) is the third geological era in the Archaean eon. It began 3.2 billion years ago, and ended 2.8 billion years ago. Before the Mesoarchaean era was the Palaeoarchaean era. After the Mesoarchaean era was the Neoarchaean.

Fossils from Australia show that stromatolites have lived on Earth since the Mesoarchaean. The Pongola glaciation occurred 2.9 billion years ago. The first supercontinent Vaalbara broke up during this time, around 3.2 billion years ago. The second supercontinent Ur existed during this era, 3.1 billion years ago.

Palaeoarchaean

The Palaeoarchaean (Paleoarchean) is the second geological era in the Archaean eon. It began 3.6 billion years ago and ended 3.2 billion years ago. Before it was the Eoarchaean and after it was the Mesoarchaean. 

The name comes from the Greek word "palaios". "Palaios" means "ancient". The oldest fossil life forms are cyanobacteria found in strata 3.46 billion years old. These rocks are in Western Australia. 

The first supercontinent, Vaalbara, formed during this period.

Bridal Chorus

The "Bridal Chorus" is a piece of music from Richard Wagner's opera "Lohengrin" (1850). Transcriptions of the piece for pipe organ or other instruments are sometimes used at western world weddings as the bride enters the wedding site. The piece is slow and solemn. It is sometimes called the Wedding March or the Bridal March.

Eoarchaean

The Eoarchaean (Eoarchean) is the first geological era in the Archaean eon that began 4 billion years ago, and ended 3.6 billion years ago. Before it was the Hadean It is followed by the Palaeoarchaean. 

The Eoarchaean is the earliest period of geology after the solidification of Earth's crust. The abiotic origins of life (abiogenesis) have been dated to a time window from 4 to 3.6 billion years ago when atmospheric pressure values ranged from 100 to 10 bar.

It was formerly officially unnamed and usually referred to as the first part of the "Early Archaean" (now an obsolete name) together with the later Palaeoarchaean Era. It is the first part of the Archaean Eon, preceded by the Hadean Eon.

The Eoarchaean was followed by the Palaeoarchaean Era.

The name comes from two Greek words: "eos" (dawn) and "archaios" (ancient). The 1st supercontinent Vaalbara appeared around the end of this period around 3.6 billion years ago.

A characteristic of the Eoarchean is that Earth possessed a firm crust for the first time. However, this crust may have been incomplete at many sites and areas of lava may have existed at the surface. The beginning of the Eoarchaean is characterized by heavy asteroid bombardment within the inner solar system: the Late Heavy Bombardment. The Eoarchaean is the first phase of our planet from which solid rock formations survived. The largest is the Isua greenstone belt at the southwest coast of Greenland. It appeared during the Eoarchaean around 3.8 billion years ago. The Acasta Gneiss within the Canadian Shield have been dated to be 4.03 Ga and are therefore the oldest preserved rock formations. In 2008 another rock formation was discovered in the Nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt in northern Québec in Canada which has been dated to be 4.28 Ga. These formations are presently under intense investigation.

Earth's oceans formed 3.8 billion years ago.

Tom Kennedy

James Edward Narz (February 26, 1927 – October 7, 2020), known professionally as Tom Kennedy, was an American television personality. He was best known for his work in game shows. He was the younger brother of game show host Jack Narz. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

Kennedy hosted many game shows over his lifetime. His most successful shows were "You Don't Say!" (aired on NBC from 1963-1969 and on ABC in 1975), "Split Second" (1972-1975), "Name That Tune" (1974-1981), and "Password Plus" (1980-1982; took over for original host Allen Ludden after Ludden's death). He also hosted other shows such as "Whew!" (1979-1980), "Body Language" (1984-1986), and a syndicated version of "The Price is Right" (1985-1986). He retired in 1989.

Kennedy died on October 7, 2020 in Oxnard, California at the age of 93.

White flight

The term white flight represents large-scale migrations of White people from large cities around Europe and the United States starting in the mid 20th century. Those large cities were primarily in Midwestern States and Northeastern States: Whites relocated out of those regions and into Southeastern and Southwestern States like Arizona and Texas. Midwestern cities like Chicago, Detroit or St. Louis, however, lost population of many Whites since the mid 20th century.

Climate of California

The climate of California varies widely from desert to alpine depending on latitude, elevation and how close the area is to the coast. That's not all, because for much of its length, it has a range of mountains on its Eastern side.

Most of the coastal and southern parts of the state have a Mediterranean climate with somewhat rainy winters and dry summers. The deserts in the south of the state have very hot summers and mild winters. Parts of the south have a dry steppe climate, for example San Diego.

According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) averages from 19812010, 
California is the 13th warmest state in the United States with the average annual temperature of 58.4 °F (14.7 °C) 

Northwest California has rainy cool winters and dry summers with temperatures in the summers in the upper 60s to the upper 70s. 

The Central Valley has a semi-arid climate with temperatures in the winter sometimes at nights fall below 30 °F (–1.1 °C) and at daytime rises above 80 °F (26.7 °C) with summers being from 80 °F (26.7 °C) to 100 °F (38 °C) at day. 

The desert areas in southern California has a hot and very dry climate with precipitation in some areas below 5 inches (127 mm) a year. Temperatures are mild in southern California's desert in the winter and temps can range from 60°F (15.5 °C) to 80°F (26.7 °C) at daytime with nights being chilly with temperatures ranging from 35°F (1.7 °C) to 50°F (10 °C). Temperatures are usually very hot during the day in desert places like Needles, San Bernardino and Palm Springs in the summer with daytime temperatures being from 105°F (40.5 °C) to 120°F (48°C) sometimes reaching above 120 °F (48 °C) and with nights being from 75°F (23.9 °C) to 90°F (32.2 °C). 

The hottest place in the world is in the desert of California, Death Valley. Death Valley once had a temperature of 134 °F (56.7 °C) on July 10, 1913 although some meteorologists dispute this temperature reading. The average annual temperature in Death Valley from 1981–2010 was 76.7 °F (24.8 °C) with an average July mean temperature of 101.8 °F (38.8 °C).

Jack Warden

Jack Warden (John Warden Lebzelter; September 18, 1920 – July 19, 2006) was an American actor. He won an Emmy Award in 1976 for his role in "Brian's Song". He also starred in the 1976 movie "All the President's Men".

Warden was born on September 18, 1920 in Newark, New Jersey. He is of Dutch-Irish ancestry. Warden was raised in Louisville, Kentucky. He was married to Vanda Dupre from 1958 until his death in 2006. They had one son, Christopher. Warden died on July 19, 2006 from renal failure in New York City, New York, aged 85.


Chinese Rail SS4

The SS4 () is a kind of AC-powered electric locomotive used in China. It was built by Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Works in 1985 and is still produced as of 2010. It also has an updated version: SS4G ().


Wally Cox

Wallace Maynard Cox (December 6, 1924 – February 15, 1973) was an American comedian and actor. He is known for being the voice of Underdog in the animated series "Underdog". He is also known for his role in "Mr. Peepers". He was close friends with actor Marlon Brando.

Cox was born on December 6, 1924 in Detroit, Michigan. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Cox studied at Denby High School, at the City College of New York, and at New York University. 

He was married to Marilyn Gennaro from 1954 until they divorced. Then he was married to Milagros Tirado from 1963 until they divorced in 1963. Then he was married to Patricia Tiernan from 1969 until his death in 1973. He had two children with Tirado.

Cox died on February 15, 1973 in Hollywood, California after suffering a heart attack, aged 48. He was cremated and his ashes were scattered at Death Valley and in Tahiti.


Allen Swift

Ira Stadlen (January 16, 1924 – April 18, 2010) or Allen Swift, was an American actor and painter. He is known for playing "Simon Bar Sinister" and "Riff-Raff" on the "Underdog" cartoon show.

Swift was born on January 16, 1924 in New York City, New York. He was married to Lenore Loveman until his death in 2010. They had three children. Swift died on April 18, 2010 in New York City, New York from heart failure, aged 86.


Gene Deitch

Eugene Merril "Gene" Deitch (August 8, 1924 – April 16, 2020) was an American illustrator, animator and film director. His movie "Munro" won an Academy Award for Animated Short Film in 1961. It was the first short made outside of the United States to receive an Oscar.

Deitch was born in Chicago, Illinois. He has three sons: Kim, Simon, and Seth. They are artists and writers for comics. Deitch was married to Zdenka Deitch.

Deitch died in Prague on April 16, 2020 of bowel obstruction, at the age of 95.


Benjamin C. Bradlee

Benjamin Crowninshield "Ben" Bradlee (August 26, 1921 – October 21, 2014) was a vice president at-large of "The Washington Post". He was executive editor of the "Post" from 1968 to 1991. He became a national figure during the presidency of Richard Nixon, when he challenged the federal government over the right to publish the Pentagon Papers and oversaw the publication of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein's stories documenting the Watergate scandal.

Bradlee was born on August 26, 1921 in Boston, Massachusetts. He is of English descent. He studied at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and at Harvard University. Bradlee was married three times; two of the marriages ended in divorce. His last wife, Sally Quinn worked for the "Washington Post". Bradlee had four children.

In late September 2014, Bradlee entered at hospice care in Washington, D.C. due to declining health as a result of Alzheimer's disease. He died on October 21, 2014, at the age of 93, at his home in Washington, D.C.. His funeral was held on October 29 at the Washington National Cathedral.


Harry M. Rosenfeld

Harry M. Rosenfeld (August 12, 1929 – July 16, 2021) was an American newspaper editor who was the editor in charge of local news at The Washington Post during the Watergate scandal. He was born in Berlin.

He oversaw the newspaper's coverage of Watergate and resisted efforts by the paper's national reporters to take over the story. Though Post editor-in-chief Benjamin C. Bradlee gets most of the credit, managing editor Howard Simons and Rosenfeld worked most closely with reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein on developing the story.

Rosenfeld died on July 16, 2021, at his home in Slingerlands, New York from COVID-19 related problems, aged 91.


Howard Simons

Howard Simons (June 3, 1929 – June 13, 1989) was the managing editor of the Washington Post at the time of the Watergate scandal, and later curator of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University.

Simons was born on June 3, 1929 in Albany, New York. He studied at Union College. Simons died on June 13, 1989 from pancreatic cancer in Washington, D.C., aged 60. 


Ed Shaughnessy

Edwin Thomas "Ed" Shaughnessy (January 9, 1929 – May 24, 2013) was an American singer of swing music, and bebop drummer who was associated with The Tonight Show Band that appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey and grew up in New York City. Shaughnessy was married to Ilene Woods. He died on May 24, 2013, aged 84.

Mark Felt

William Mark Felt, Sr. (August 17, 1913 – December 18, 2008) or W. Mark Felt was an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), who retired as the Bureau's Associate Director in 1973. After denying his involvement with reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein for 30 years, Felt revealed himself to be the Watergate scandal's whistleblower, "Deep Throat" on May 31, 2005.

Felt was born on August 17, 1913 in Twin Falls, Idaho. He studied at the University of Idaho. Felt was married to Audrey Robinson from 1938 until her death in 1984. They had two children. Felt died on December 18, 2008 in Santa Rosa, California from heart failure, aged 95. 


Thomas Nast

Thomas Nast (September 27, 1840 – December 7, 1902) was a German-American caricaturist and editorial cartoonist who is considered to be the "Father of the American Cartoon". He helped create Uncle Sam and the elephant symbol for the Republican Party and the donkey symbol for the Democratic Party. Targets included Tammany Hall.

Nast was born on September 27, 1840 in Landau, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Confederation. He spent his adulthood in New York City, New York. Nast began working for Harper's Weekly in 1859. He was married to Sarah Edwards from 1861 until his death in 1902. They had five children. Nast died on December 7, 1902 in Guayaquil, Ecuador from complications of a yellow fever, aged 62.


Mo Farah

Sir Mohamed "Mo" Muktar Jama Farah, , (born 23 March 1983) is a British middle and long-distance runner who holds the European record in the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres. 

Farah was born in Gabiley, Somalia (now part of Somaliland) He spent his early childhood living in Somaliland and Djibouti. He was illegally taken to the United Kingdom at age 9. He lives in both London and Portland, Oregon, US (United States). 

In the 2012 Olympics he won gold in the 10,000 metres and the 5,000 metres and in the 2011 World Championships, he won gold in the 5,000 meters and silver in the 10,000 meters. He won the 5,000 m and 10,000 m again at the 2012 World Championship in Moscow.

Black gospel

Black gospel is a kind of Christian music that developed from Negro spirituals. 

Australia's Next Top Model

Australia's Next Top Model (also known as AuNTM or AusNTM) is an Australian reality television show that is produced and broadcasted by Fox8. The series is a spin-off of the popular "America's Next Top Model". The show has currently 7 "cycles", but an eight is announced in July 9, 2013. The show is/was hosted by Sarah Murdoch, Jodhi Meares, Erika Heynatz and for the upcoming cycle the beauty queen, model and television personality Jennifer Hawkins.

Australia's Next Top Model (season 7)

Australia's Next Top Model, Cycle 7 is the seventh season of "Australia's Next Top Model". It began airing on August 2011. This cycle includes 16 contestants. The winner was 17-year-old Montana Cox from Melbourne.

Top 16 ("Finalists")


Episode 1
"casting episode"

Episode 2

Episode 3

Episode 4

Episode 5

Episode 6

Episode 7

Episode 8

Episode 9

Episode 10

Episode 11

Episode 12
"recap episode"

Episode 13


Vito Corleone

Vito Andolini Corleone (born Vito Andolini in Corleone, Province of Palermo, Sicily, Italy) is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel "The Godfather" and in Francis Ford Coppola's first two movies, where he was portrayed by Marlon Brando in "The Godfather" and, as a younger man, by Robert De Niro in "The Godfather Part II". 


Morgan le Fay

Morgan le Fay (, meaning "Morgan the Fairy"), also called Morgaine, Morgan or Morgana, is a powerful sorceress in the Arthurian legend. She was King Arthur’s half-sister and enemy. In some legends she is said to have borne Arthur's child, Mordred. 

Morgan le Fay is said to have been quite powerful. She hated King Arthur even though he was her half-brother. (She is also said to have wiped out most of the Templar Knights). She is one of the main antagonistss of the Grey Griffins book series. 

Buddhist calendar

The Buddhist calendar is a set of calendars used in Southeast Asia. It is based on the Hindu calendar.

Harvey Lembeck

Harvey Lembeck (15 April 1923 – 5 January 1982) was an American stage, movie, and television actor. He is famous for playing Cpl. Rocco Barbella on "The Phil Silvers Show" (aka "Sgt. Bilko") in the late 1950s, and the clumsy biker gang leader in the American International Pictures (AIP) beach party movies of the 1960s starring Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon. He made other appearances on television including two on "The Donna Reed Show". On stage, he appeared in "Stalag 17" (472 performances), and as Sancho Panza on Broadway and in the first national company of "Man of La Mancha".

Beach movie

A beach movie or beach party movie is a movie genre. The genre was popular in the late 1950s. It flourished during the early 1960s. The genre was launched in 1959 with "Gidget" starring Sandra Dee, and came to an end in 1967 with "Catalina Caper" featuring Tommy Kirk and Little Richard. This movie is generally thought to be the "last gasp" of the genre, the final beach-themed movie. 

Beach movies are about happy-go-lucky teenagers frolicking on the sun-drenched beaches of California and Hawaii. Genre elements include girlfriend/boyfriend relationships, motorcycles, cars, food, muscles, bikinis, rock and roll, surf music and surfing. Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon set the pace for the genre as teen sweethearts in a string of seven beach movies from AIP. 

Miriam

Miriam [ mir-ee-"uh"m ] is a female given name. Miriam is a name that boasts a fascinating history and significance, while also being aesthetically pleasing. Its popularity spans centuries and it remains prevalent in modern times. The name evokes connotations of power, elegance, and attractiveness. Originating from Hebrew, the name Miriam translates to "wished-for child" or "bitterness." This is derived from the Hebrew word "mar," meaning "bitter." In accordance with biblical accounts, Miriam served as an influential figure and played the role of an older sister to both Moses and Aaron. She was also regarded as a prophetess and a key leader for the Israelites during their pilgrimage through the desert. This name was ranked #261 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

According to the Hebrew Bible or Old Testament, Miriam was the older sister of Moses. She was a prophet and first appears in the Book of Exodus.


Religion in Vietnam

Officially, Vietnam is an atheist state. Despite this, many of its citizens are religious. The three main religions in Vietnam are Buddhism, Taoism, and Confucianism. Sometimes, they are grouped together as one religion called the three teachings or "tam giáo". According to many studies, 70-90% of Vietnamese people are "tam giáo". 8% are Christians (mostly Roman Catholic) and 1-2% practice indigenous, animist religions including Hinduism. About 1% are not religious but have a strong Buddhist influence in their life.

Despite strong links in the older adult population, the younger population of Vietnam is quite different, with low numbers of young people believing religious ideas. The religious ideas that don't fit state thinking aren't emphasized enough. 

The earliest established religion was Hinduism during the Cham Hindu Kingdom era. Later, Buddhism, Confucianism and Taoism spread. Today, these religions are grouped into the same religion known as the "triple religion" or Tam Giao, which has many followers. Later religions in Vietnam include Christianity and Islam. New religious movements include Hoa Hao Buddhism and Cao Dai. Hinduism is still practised by a small Cham minority who live mainly in central Vietnam.

Among the religions in Vietnam, Buddhism has the most followers. According to the statistics of the Buddhist Church of Vietnam, 45 million people are taking refuge in the three jewels and about 12 million are just Buddhist making it about 57 million Buddhists. There are two main branches of Buddhism in Vietnam, Mahayana, and Theravada. Mahayana is more popular with the people while Theravada being more popular with the Khmer people.

Rich Fields

Richard Wayne "Rich" Fields (born ca. 1960) is an American radio and television personality. He is currently a meterologist at television stations KABC-TV and KCAL-TV in Los Angeles, California. He is also a radio personality at the radio stations KRTH, KNX-AM, and KFWB in Los Angeles. He was born in Bay Ridge, Ohio, United States.

Fields is best known for being the announcer of the game show "The Price is Right". He was announcer from 2004 to 2010. Before then, he was the announcer of lottery game show "Flamingo Fortune" from 1995 to 1999. He was also a guest announcer on "Wheel of Fortune" in 2010 after the death of previous announcer Charlie O'Donnell.


Outlaw motorcycle club

An outlaw motorcycle club is a motorcycle club that is not sanctioned by the American Motorcyclist Association and does not adhere to their rules. Such clubs are sometimes known as a motorcycle gangs or biker gangs. In the United States, outlaw motorcycle clubs sprang up after World War II. Members rode Harley-Davidson cruisers and choppers. Outlaw clubs celebrate freedom, nonconformity to mainstream culture, and loyalty to the biker group. The clubs have their own sets of bylaws from which the values of the outlaw biker culture arise.

There are similar clubs in other countries.

Margaret Colin

Margaret Colin (born May 26, 1958) is an American actress. She works mostly on television. She played Margo Montgomery Hughes on the television series "As the World Turns". She played Eleanor Waldorf-Rose in the television series "Gossip Girl". Colin was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Archie Barton

Dr Archie Barton, AM (March 1936 – 18 October 2008) was an Aboriginal Australian activist. He fought for land rights and compensation for the Maralinga Tjarutja people against the Australian and British governments in the 1980s and 1990s. He played an important role in the 20-year campaign of the Maralinga people regaining access to their land after the British nuclear weapons tests.

Barton was born in South Australia in March 1936; the exact date is unknown. He was born at a siding on the east-west Trans-Australian Railway line, about east of Ooldea. His mother was a Pitjantjatjara woman from the Maralinga lands. It is not known who his father was, and Barton never knew him, but he is believed to have been a White railway worker. He was given the surname "Barton" because that was the name of the siding where he was born (Barton Siding). Archie spent his infancy in the care of his mother at Ooldea, which at the time was a mission station for Aboriginal people.

At the age of five, Barton became a victim of the Stolen Generations. He was taken from his mother and placed into a children's home in Port Augusta run by the Christian Brethren. When he was captured, he was hiding behind the skirt of Daisy Bates, a well-known writer who was living near Ooldea at the time. Archie never saw his mother again.

He was taught by the Christian Brethren until he was 12 years old. After this, he was sent to work on agricultural stations. He worked at a number of stations during his teenage years, and was often aggravated at being treated differently to White workers. After this, he worked several jobs as a labourer, including on the railway. In his twenties, Barton moved to Adelaide where he worked digging trenches for the South Australian Gas Company. While there, he became an alcoholic, got tuberculosis and spent a year in a sanitorium. By the time he was in his thirties, his addiction to alcohol was so bad that a doctor gave him six months to live. He immediately gave up drinking, and later began working for an Aboriginal alcohol-rehabilitation service in Port Augusta.

During the 1950s and 1960s, the British government tested nuclear weapons at the Woomera Test Range in central South Australia. The first two bombs were exploded at Emu Field, located to the north of Maralinga, in 1953. Major tests were done at Maralinga in 1956 and 1957, and multiple smaller tests were made up until 1963. Barton was still a young man at the time. Maralinga was Barton's mother's country, and remains the homeland of the Maralinga Tjarutja people. Most of the indigenous families living in these lands were forced to move out of the area before the major tests began. They were placed in Aboriginal missions and settlements built by the government.

One of these settlements was Yalata, located far to the south. The community at Ooldea was relocated there in 1952. In 1981, Barton was chosen as a community adviser for Yalata. Four years later, in January 1985, the government of South Australia handed back the native title to the Maralinga Tjarutja lands. Barton was appointed administrator of the newly created Maralinga Land Rights Council. However, the land remained contaminated from the nuclear waste and was not fit to be lived in.

In his role as administrator, Barton led the Maralinga people in their campaign to get the land cleaned and restored so that they could safely return to living there. He represented his people before many enquiries and commissions, in both Canberra and London. A royal commission into the nuclear tests was done by the Australian government. This was the McClelland Royal Commission, for which Barton helped provide evidence. Ten years later, in 1995, the government paid the community AU$13.5 million in compensation. Barton and two elders travelled to London in 1991 and 1992, to negotiate with the British government. They met with the leader of the House of Lords, Viscount Cranborne, to whom Barton presented two bags of soil from Maralinga, tainted with plutonium.

The clean-up of the land was estimated to cost over AU$100 million. It took several years before the British offered an acceptable contribution, which was about £20 million. The clean-up was completed in 2000, but the test sites themselves will remain poisonous for many thousands of years.

Barton served as the administrator of the Maralinga Land Rights Council for 20 years (1985–2005). He was forced to resign the office in 2005, when it was discovered that he had stolen $230,000 of community money. His friends blamed old age and the stress of financial demands from his relatives. His reputation and position in the community was destroyed, and he became poor, unhealthy and an outcast. He lived in sheds in Whyalla and Port Augusta during this time. He was welcomed back into the community shortly before his death, but by that time he was already very weak.

Barton died on 18 October 2008, in Ceduna. He was buried at Oak Valley, the new settlement built near Maralinga when the traditional owners returned to their lands. He no children of his own, but looked after the children and grandchildren of his long-term partner Mary Harrison.

Barton was awarded the South Australian Aboriginal of the Year in 1988, and was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 1989. In 1996, he was given an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Adelaide.

In 2001, he became one of the founding members of the Council for Aboriginal Reconciliation. He served as a member of the National Indigenous Council from 2004 to 2005. He also served as a director of Imparja Television, the national Aboriginal broadcasting network.


Fever (Kylie Minogue album)

Fever is the eighth studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was released on 1 October 2001 by Parlophone Records. The album contains four singles, "Can't Get You Out of My Head", "In Your Eyes", "Love at First Sight", and "Come into My World". "Come into My World" won Minogue won a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording, her first Grammy. Minogue embarked on her KylieFever2002 tour to promote the album. 


Outlaw biker movie

Outlaw biker movie is a movie genre. Such movies are about motorcycle riding rebels. The characters are typically members of an outlaw motorcycle club. The first such movie was "The Wild One" (1954). Marlon Brando and Lee Marvin starred in this movie as rival biker gang leaders. Harvey Lembeck parodied Brando in the AIP "beach party" movies of the early 1960s starring Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon. 

Biker movies were aimed at teenage audiences and the drive-in crowd. The genre took off in the 1960s when the real world Hells Angels received much media attention. Hollywood cranked out dozens of low-budget exploitation outlaw biker movies during this decade. Novelty movies of the genre featured all-female gangs, horror and zombie crossovers, and one featured a gay gang. The biker outlaw genre played itself out in the 1970s.

Pink Angels

Pink Angels (or, The Pink Angels) is a 1971 outlaw biker movie. It is a comedy about gay bikers who head to Los Angeles to attend a drag ball. The movie stars John Alderman, Tom Basham, Bob Bihiller, Bruce Kimbal, Henry Olek, and Maurice Warfield as the bikers. The 81-minute movie was directed by Larry G. Brown. The screenplay was written by Margaret McPherson. Dan Haggerty of Grizzly Adams fame plays a straight biker.

The movie's world premier was held in Tempe, Arizona at the University Theaters.

Richard Karn

Richard Karn (born February 17, 1956) is an American actor and game show host. He is best known for acting as Al Borland in the 1990s ABC sitcom "Home Improvement", and for hosting "Family Feud" during the 2000s. He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Karn became host of "Family Feud" in September 2002. He left in 2006 and was replaced by John O'Hurley. He also hosted GSN's "Bingo America" in 2008. He replaced Patrick Duffy, who hosted the show for the first season.

Psychomania

Psychomania (1973) is a British outlaw biker horror movie. It stars Nicky Henson as a devil-worshipping biker gang leader and Robert Hardy as the detective in charge of bringing him to justice.


Tom Latham is an teen psychopath, and the leader of a violent teen motorcycle gang. The gang dabbles in black magic. They call themselves "The Living Dead". Tom's mother and her butler Shadwell get their kicks holding séances. With their help, Tom makes a pact with the devil to return from the dead.

Tom and his biker buddies commit suicide one by one with the goal of returning as one of the "undead". Not all succeed, but the ones who do return gather together at a secret place called "The Seven Witches" (a circle of standing stones). They continue to terrorize the locals.


Dan Haggerty

Dan Haggerty (November 19, 1941 – January 15, 2016) was an American actor. He played Grizzly Adams in the 1974 movie "The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams" and its television movie sequel "The Capture of Grizzly Adams". Haggerty starred in an NBC "Grizzly Adams" television series which ran from 1977 to 1978. 

He appeared in the road movie "Easy Rider", the outlaw biker comedy "Pink Angels", and many other movies. Haggerty is a former animal trainer and stunt man. He was the animal handler for a Tarzan movie and the 1966 Tarzan television series. 

His many awards include a star on Hollywood Blvd. in 1994; the Dove Foundation's "Diamond Seal of Approval" for over 1 million family videos sold; the Harley-Davidson "Humanitarian of the Year" Award in 1986; "The People's Choice Award" for most popular actor in 1980; the Paul Harris Fellowship from the Rotary Foundation of Rotary International; and a star in Kanab, Utah - "Hollywood of the West" in 2009.

Haggerty died in Burbank, California from spinal cancer on January 15, 2016 at the age of 74.


UFC 160

UFC 160: Velasquez vs. Bigfoot 2 was a mixed martial arts event held on May 25, 2013 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada.

The main fight was a rematch between current UFC Heavyweight Champion Cain Velasquez and Antonio Silva. In their first fight at UFC 146 in 2012, Velasquez won with a first round TKO.

Alistair Overeem was going to face Junior dos Santos at the event. However, in early March, Overeem pulled out of the bout because he had a leg injury. It was then announced that the fight would take place in a future event, later in the summer of this year. Then, on March 9 it was announced that Dos Santos would still compete on the card and face Mark Hunt.

Ryan Bader was set to face Glover Teixeira at the event but he could not due to injury in March. He was replaced by James Te Huna

Amir Sadollah was going to face Stephen Thompson at the event. However, Sadollah pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Nah-Shon Burrell.

Gunnar Nelson was set to face Mike Pyle at the event. However, Nelson pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Rick Story.<ref name="NelsonOut/StoryIn"></ref>

Dana White said at the UFC on Fox 7 post-fight press conference that he thinks that the winner of the Gray Maynard/TJ Grant fight would get a UFC lightweight title shot against the cahampion Benson Henderson.

On the day of the weigh-in, one fight was changed to catchweight status as Khabib Nurmagomedov came in over the lightweight limit and gave up 20 percent of his purse.

The following fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses.



Glen or Glenda

Glen or Glenda is a 1953 movie about a male transvestite. It was written and directed by Ed Wood. It stars Ed Wood as Glen and Glenda, and features Bela Lugosi and Wood's then-girlfriend Dolores Fuller.

The movie was inspired by the Christine Jorgensen's sex reassignment surgery in 1952. George Weiss was a Hollywood producer of low-budget films. He wanted a movie made to exploit the event. He made Jorgensen several offers to appear in the movie. These offers were turned down. 

This was the only movie Wood directed but did not also produce. Wood himself played the title character, but under the pseudonym "Daniel Davis". Lugosi is credited as "The Scientist". He acts as a sort of narrator but gives no narration relevant to the plot.


Glen is shown looking at women's clothes in a shop window. He reads about sex change operations in a newspaper. He meets with Barbara, his girlfriend. She asks if Glen's secret problem is another woman. A transvestite friend tells Glen how crossdressing ended his marriage. A dream sequence containing some BDSM scenes full of flagellation and bondage follows. Glen tells Barbara the truth. She offers Glen an Angora wool sweater as a sign of acceptance.

La Soufrière (volcano)

La Soufrière (“The Sulfurer”) or Soufrière Saint Vincent is an active volcano on the island of Saint Vincent in the Windward Islands of the Caribbean.
At , La Soufrière is the highest peak on Saint Vincent as well as the highest point in the island country of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

It is in the northern part of the island of Saint Vincent in the Saint David and Charlotte parishes. The mountain is surrounded by the towns of Wallibou and Chateaubelair to the southwest, Fancy to the north, Orange Hill and Georgetown to the southeast and the Richmond Peak and Mount Brisbane to the south.
Soufrière is an active composite volcano (or stratovolcano) with a lake in the crater and is the island's youngest and northernmost volcano. It has a main crater of 1.6 km in diameter, with the northeast edge cut by another smaller crater in 1812.

The first historical eruption of the volcano took place during 1718; it and the 1812 eruption produced major explosions. Much of the northern end of the island was devastated by a major eruption in 1902 that killed 1,680 people; this eruption was just hours before the eruption of Mount Pelée on Martinique.

Several volcanoes in the Caribbean are named Soufrière (French: "sulphur mine"). Two of them are Soufrière Hills on Montserrat and La Grande Soufrière on Guadeloupe.

On 9 April 2021, the volcano erupted causing over 20,000 to evacuate.


Dracula (1931 movie)

Dracula is a 1931 horror movie. It was directed by Tod Browning. It stars Bela Lugosi as the title vampire Count Dracula. The movie was produced by Universal Pictures.

It is based on the 1924 stage play "Dracula" by Hamilton Deane and John L. Balderston. This play in turn is based on the novel "Dracula" by Bram Stoker.

In 2000, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

The Violent Years

The Violent Years is a 1956 American exploitation movie starring Jean Moorhead as Paula Parkins, the leader of a gang of juvenile delinquent high school girls. Ed Wood, Jr., the director of "Glen or Glenda" and "Plan 9 from Outer Space", wrote the screenplay. It was originally titled "Teenage Girl Gang". Star Jean Moorhead was the Playboy Playmate for October 1955.


Paula Parkins gets her kicks leading a gang of bored young women in criminal activities. The gang dresses in men's clothes, robs gas stations, and terrorizes couples in a local lovers' lane. Paula even rapes a young man.

Paula and her pals wreck a few classrooms in a public school. The police arrive and a deadly shootout takes place. Two members of Paula's gang are killed. Paula shoots and kills a policeman.

Paula is captured, convicted, and dies in the hospital giving birth to the child she conceived during the rape. Paula's parents are denied custody of their daughter's baby because they did a poor job of raising Paula.

Patrick McKinnon writes, "There are some movies that shouldn't be watched alone or sober. This is one of them. It makes you want to go back in time and beat Ed Wood Jr. to death with one of his own angora sweaters."


Bride of the Monster

Bride of the Monster is a 1956 sci-fi horror movie. It was produced and directed by Ed Wood. It was co-written by Wood and Alex Gordon. The movie opened in Hollywood in May 1955 with the title "Bride of the Atom". A sequel titled "Night of the Ghouls" was completed in 1959. It was not released until 1987.

Dr. Vornoff and Lobo are experimenting with nuclear power in an old house. The house is guarded by a giant octopus living in a nearby swamp. The octopus has killed local people. Lawton arrives at the house to investigate (check it out). Vornoff keeps her a prisoner. Lt. Craig comes looking for Lawton.

Professor Strowski arrives to ask Vornoff to return to their homeland. Strowski is killed. Lobo accidentally turns Vornoff into an atomic-powered super-human being. A fire in the laboratory kills Lobo. Vornoff, Craig, Lawton, and the police escape the fire. A bolt of lightning kills Vornoff. It forms a mushroom cloud.

Blind Melon

Blind Melon are an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band is best known for their 1993 song "No Rain".

Blind Melon was formed in March 1990 by band members Rogers Stevens, Brad Smith and Shannon Hoon. They released their eponymous debut studio album "Blind Melon" in September 22, 1992. Their second album "Soup" was released on August 15, 1995. On October 21, 1995, Lead singer Shannon Hoon was found dead on the band's tour bus of a heart attack caused by a cocaine overdose. The band looked for a new singer after Hoon's death but broke up on March 4, 1999.

The band reunited on September 15, 2006 with new lead singer Travis Warren. They released their fourth studio album "For My Friends" on April 22, 2008. The band went on hiatus in 2009 and reunited again in 2010.





Kelli McCarty

Kelli McCarty (born September 6, 1969) is an American model, actress and a former Miss USA. She played Beth Wallace in the television series "Passions". She also appeared in softcore adult movies in her career.

McCarty was born in Liberal, Kansas.

Liberal, Kansas

Liberal is a city in southwest Kansas, close to the Oklahoma state border. In 2020, 19,825 people lived there. The city was founded in 1888 and incorporated in the same year.

Western Australian Party

The Western Australian Party (WAP) was an Australian political party that operated in 1906. It was a liberal party which wanted to protect the rights of Western Australians and oppose the Labour Party. Its supporters came from the Protectionist Party and the Anti-Socialist Party. John Forrest, a minister in Alfred Deakin's government, became leader the party. Candidates were selected for all electorates in the 1906 federal election. By the time the election was held, support for the party had ceased. Forrest was elected, but not as a WAP member. However, the party did elect one member, William Hedges, as the member for Fremantle. He was a member of the WAP, although he sat as an independent and, like Forrest, joined the Commonwealth Liberal Party when it began in 1909.

The party policies were explained in a 12-point program. Many of these were to promote the interests of Western Australia as a member of the new Australian federation. This included keeping as much government revenue as possible. It also included items important to Western Australia such as coastal defence, and building a railway to the eastern states. It also wanted to introduce deciaml currency, and metric weights and measures.

Leicester Square

Leicester Square (pronounced "Lester" Square) is a pedestrianised square in the West End of London in the City of Westminster. 

It about equal distances (about ) east of Piccadilly Circus,and west of Covent Garden. Nearby to the south is the much larger Trafalgar Square.

Prompted by the growth in tourism, Leicester Square was pedestrianised in the late 20th century. It is notable for its cinemas and nightclubs.



Just off Leicester Square

Tropical Storm Matthew (2010)

Tropical Storm Matthew was a rather weak though costly tropical storm that happened in September 2010. Matthew was responsible for fewer than 130 deaths overall and nearly $2.6 billion in destruction. The storm carried maximum sustained winds of sixty miles per hour at his highest strength.

École Centrale de Lille

École Centrale de Lille is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Lille (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at École Centrale de Lille.

Most of the 1500 graduate engineer students at École Centrale de Lille live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports on a campus that is shared with 20,000 students from Lille University of Science and Technology.

École Centrale de Lille was founded as École des arts industriels et des mines de Lille in 1854, with support from scientists such as Frédéric Kuhlmann and Louis Pasteur. It succeeded to the municipal chairs of experimental physics, applied chemistry and mechanics that were established in 1817. It became a technical university in 1872 with the integration of the Institut industriel du Nord. Since mid 19th century, the Baccalauréat and completion of undergraduate studies have been a prerequisite for admission. The initial focus was on civil engineering, mechanical engineering, chemistry and manufacturing engineering. Electrical engineering full courses were added in 1892, automobile design has been taught from 1899 onwards. More than 200 students graduated in year 1914. Aerodynamics studies started in 1930. A stress on automatic control and computers was initiated in 1957. Later came courses and research in computer science (1957), supply chain management, materials science, micro-electronics, telecommunications, nanotechnologies (1994).

Since early 20th century, student admission has been based on a competitive exam after attending a French classe préparatoire aux grandes écoles or similar undergraduate studies.

It was originally in Lille central district. It then moved in 1968 in the modern campus of Lille University of Science and Technology, in the south-east suburb of Lille.

Admission to the Centralien engineering Programme implemented at École Centrale de Lille is possible after two/three year scientific undergraduate studies and requires success to either: 

The Centralien Programme typically lasts three years and results in a master's degree, augmented with international experience. Thus undergraduate studies + the Centralien Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
However, graduate students enrolled in the TIME double degree procedure are required to spend two-years at École Centrale de Lille and spend two years in the TIME-partner institute for a total of four years resulting in a double master's degree.

Research activities at École Centrale de Lille relate to the following topics:


Italian Union Movement

Italian Union Movement ( - MUI) is a political party in Italy.

It was founded in 2010 by Stefano Bandecchi.


Germany's Next Topmodel (season 8)

Germany's Next Topmodel, Cycle 8 is the eighth and current season of "Germany's Next Topmodel". This cycle includes 20 contestants. The winner was 16-year old Lovelyn Enebechi.


Episode 1
"casting episode"

Episode 2

Episode 3

Episode 4

Episode 5

Episode 6

Episode 7

Episode 8

Episode 9

Episode 10

Episode 11

Episode 12

Episode 13

Episode 14

Observable universe

In Big Bang cosmology, the observable universe is what, in theory, can be seen from Earth. That is light, or other signals, which has had time to reach the Earth since the beginning of the cosmological expansion. The observable universe is a spherical volume (a ball) centered on the observer, regardless of the shape of the universe as a whole. Every place in the universe has its own observable universe, which may or may not overlap with the one centered on Earth.

The word "observable" does not depend on whether modern technology actually allows detection of radiation from an object in this region. It simply means that it is possible "in principle" for light or other signals from the object to reach an observer on Earth. In practice, there is much that we cannot see. We can see light only from as far back as when particles were first able to emit photons that were not quickly re-absorbed by other particles. Before then, the universe was filled with a plasma that was opaque to photons. 

Sometimes astrophysicists distinguish between the "visible" universe, which includes only signals emitted since recombination—and the "observable" universe, which includes signals since the beginning of the cosmological expansion (that is, the end of the inflationary epoch in modern cosmology). The radius of the visible universe, is about 14.0 billion parsecs (about 45.7 billion light years), while the comoving distance to the edge of the observable universe is about 14.3 billion parsecs (about 46.6 billion light years), about 2% larger.

The best estimate of the age of the universe as of 2013 is 13.798 ± 0.037 billion years. Due to the expansion of the universe humans are observing objects that were originally much closer but are now considerably farther away (as defined in terms of cosmological proper distance, which is equal to the comoving distance at the present time) than a static 13.8 billion light-years distance. The diameter of the observable universe is estimated at about 28 billion parsecs (93 billion light-years), putting the edge of the observable universe at about 46–47 billion light-years away.

Brezhnev Doctrine

The Brezhnev Doctrine was a policy promoted in 1968 by Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev. It said that the Soviet Union had the right to use military force to maintain the strict rule of the Communist Party in nearby socialist countries. The Brezhnev Doctrine was used to justify the invasion of Czechoslovakia, earlier in 1968 after Alexander Dubček introduced political reforms there. The principles of the doctrine were so broad that the Soviets used it to justify intervention in the non-Warsaw Pact nation of Afghanistan in 1979, starting the Soviet war in Afghanistan. The Brezhnev Doctrine stayed in effect until it was ended with the Soviet reaction to the Polish crisis of 1980–1981. 

Comédie-Française

The Comédie-Française or Théâtre-Français is one of the few state theatres in France. It is the only state theatre to have its own company of actors. The company's primary venue is the Salle Richelieu. The theatre is part of the Palais-Royal complex at 2 rue de Richelieu on the Place André-Malraux in the 1st arrondissement of Paris.

The theatre has also been known as the "Théâtre de la République" and "La maison de Molière" (English: House of Molière). It inherited the latter name from the troupe of the best-known playwright associated with the Comédie-Française, Molière. He was considered the patron of French actors. He died seven years before “La maison de Molière” was rechristened the “Comédie-Française,” and the company continued to be known popularly by the former name long after the official change of name.

The Comédie-Française today has a repertoire of 3,000 works and three theatre locations in Paris (salle Richelieu; théâtre du Vieux-Colombier; Studio-Théâtre)

Jim Thornton

Jim Thornton (born March 8, 1965) is an American radio and television personality. He is currently an afternoon anchor on all-news radio station KNX 1070 in Los Angeles, California. He is also the announcer on television game show "Wheel of Fortune". He was born in Huntington, West Virginia, United States.

Thornton became announcer of "Wheel of Fortune" in September 2011. He auditioned for the role in December 2010 after previous announcer Charlie O'Donnell's death. He was confirmed as the show's new announcer on June 13, 2011. He was also a guest announcer on "The Price is Right" after previous announcer Rod Roddy's death in 2003.

William Brewster

Col. William Brewster III (1566 – April 10, 1644) was an English official who was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He was a religious leader both in Europe and in Plymouth Colony. He was also one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact. 

William Brewster III was the son of Capt. William Brewster, Jr. (1533-1622) and Mary Smythe Simkinson (1537-1655), Capt. William Brewster, Jr. was the son of Col. William Brewster, Sr. (1500-1616) and Maud Mann (1506-1619), William III lived in Scrooby, Nottinghamshire, England.

Brewster studied at Peterhouse, Cambridge. Cambridge was a university where many people wanted to change the Church of England. People who agreed with this started different religions. They were called Separatists. In England, Separatists were put into jail.

Brewster worked for a time for William Davison in the Netherlands. Davison went to jail because he was a Separatist. When Davison went to jail, Brewster went back home to Scrooby for a time. He became a postmaster. Brewster began a Separatist church in his house. In 1607, He also went to jail for a short time for doing this in. Brewster and other members of the Church decided to move to Netherlands in 1608. They hoped that would be able to practice their religion there. To leave England without permission was illegal, so they left in secret. In 1609, he was chosen as the leader of the congregation.

In Leiden, Brewster taught English. In 1616 he was a printer and made religious books for sale in England. In 1619, Brewster and Edward Winslow published a religious booklet which disagreed with King James I and the Church of England. The King ordered Brewster's arrest. He was forced to hide. The printing press was taken by the English ambassador and Brewster's partner was arrested. The congregation had already decided to leave Leiden for the New World. While Brewster was in hiding, the other members of the church looked to others such as John Carver and Robert Cushman to make the plans. Brewster escaped and, with the help of Cushman, he and Cushman were able to get aboard the "Mayflower" with their friends. His wife and two of his sons, Love and Wrestling, were also passengers.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. William Brewster, the only college-educated Pilgrim, most likely wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. 
Brewster became the senior religious leader at Plymouth Colony. He also served as an advisor to Governor William Bradford.

The Brewster and his wife Mary had six children: Jonathan, Patience, Fear, who married Isaac Allerton, Unnamed child, Love Brewster, and Wrestling Brewster

Brewster's son Jonathan, arrived the next year on the ship "Fortune". Brewster's daughters Patience and Fear arrived aboard the "Anne".

Brewster was given land on the islands of Boston Harbor. Four of those islands are named after him. In 1632, Brewster also received lands in nearby Duxbury and moved there from Plymouth Colony to build a farm. 

An epidemic killed many English and Indians in the region. William Brewster lost two daughters, Fear and Patience in 1634.

William Brewster died and was buried on 10 April 1644 at Burial Hill, Plymouth, Massachusetts. There is a memorial for him which says it is in honor of "Elder William Brewster Patriarch (father) of the Pilgrims and their Ruling Elder 1609–1644". The burial place of his wife Mary is unknown.

Civil rights movements

The civil rights movements was a series of worldwide political movements for equal civil and political rights. Many times in history, people have used nonviolence to show that they are equal without hurting anybody. Other times were more violent with people who began to rebel against others. Many of these movements did not fully achieve their goals. However, many of them helped make steps toward equality.

The main goal of the civil rights movements is that all people's rights are equally protected by the law, including the rights of minorities. Civil rights movements are different from each country. The LGBT rights movement, Women's rights movement, and many racial minority rights movements are still continuing to fight for equal rights.

The Angolan War of Independence was fought from 1961 to 1975. Angola fought against Portugal. Portugal was making people in Angola farm cotton. Three different groups in Angola were against Portugal. Millions of people died during the war.

Before 1974, the Portuguese Empire also controlled Portuguese Guinea. From 1963-1974, in the Guinea-Bissau War of Independence, the people in Guinea fought for their independence. In 1974 they won, and formed the independent country of Guinea-Bissau.

The Mozambican War of Independence was fought from 1964 until 1975. It was fought between Portugal, which controlled Mozambique; and the Mozambique Liberation Front or Frelimo (). The Portuguese won the conflict, using guerrilla soldiers. However, because of a coup d'état in Portugal, Mozambique became independent on June 25, 1975.

In Northern Ireland, the Campaign for Social Justice was formed in Belfast in 1964. Next the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association was formed. These groups wanted to:
These demands for reform caused a backlash by some in the unionist majority. This caused The Troubles to start. The Troubles were a civil war that lasted for more than 30 years.

They used the same methods used by the American Civil Rights Movement: nonviolent marches, pickets, sit-ins, and protests. The first civil rights march in Northern Ireland was held on 24 August 1968 between Coalisland and Dungannon.

Segregation was an attempt by white Southerners to separate the races. They did this to strengthen white pride and to be more powerful over African Americans. Segregation was often called the Jim Crow system.

Segregation became common in Southern states after the end of Reconstruction in 1877. Reconstruction followed the Civil War (1861-1865). During Reconstruction, Republican governments in the Southern states were run by black people. The Reconstruction governments had passed laws opening up economic and political opportunities for black people. However, by 1877, the Democratic Party had gained control of government in the Southern states. These Southern Democrats wanted to reverse black advances made during Reconstruction. To that end, they began to pass local and state laws that said certain places were "For Whites Only" and others for "Colored". Black people had separate schools, transportation, restaurants, hospitals, and parks. Usually, they were not as good as the white-only places. Over the next 75 years, Jim Crow signs went up to separate the races in every possible place.

The system of segregation also included not letting African-Americans vote (this is called disfranchisement). Between 1890 and 1910, all Southern states passed laws that made it difficult or impossible for black people to vote. For example, some laws said a person had to be able to read and write in order to vote. A lot of black people had no access to education and property ownership. Because black people could not vote, they were powerless to prevent whites from segregating all aspects of Southern life. They could do little to stop discrimination in public places, education, economic opportunities, or housing.

Conditions for black people in Northern states were somewhat better. Black people were usually free to vote in the North, but there were so few of them that their voices were barely heard. Segregated facilities were not as common in the North. Black people were usually denied entrance to the best hotels and restaurants. Schools in New England were usually integrated (with black and white students together). However, those in the Midwest generally were not.

On December 1, 1955, Rosa Parks, a member of the Montgomery, Alabama, branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), was told to give up her seat on a city bus to a white person. When Parks refused to move, she was arrested. The local NAACP, led by Edgar D. Nixon, recognized that Parks' arrest might rally local blacks to protest segregated buses. Montgomery's black community had long been angry about their mistreatment on city buses, where white drivers were often rude and abusive. The community had previously considered a boycott of the buses. The Montgomery Bus Boycott was a success, with support from the 50,000 blacks in Montgomery. It lasted for more than a year. This event showed the American public that blacks in the South would not stop protesting until the end of segregation. A federal court ordered Montgomery's buses desegregated in November 1956. The boycott ended with the blacks winning the right to sit wherever they wanted.

A young Baptist pastor named Martin Luther King, Jr., was president of the Montgomery Improvement Association, the organization that directed the boycott. The protest made King a national figure. King became the president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference when it was founded in 1957. They wanted to celebrate the NAACP legal strategy by encouraging the use of nonviolence. These activities included marches, demonstrations, and boycotts. The violent white response to black direct action eventually forced the federal government to confront the issues of injustice and racism in the South.

In addition to his large following among blacks, King had a powerful appeal to liberal Northerners that helped him influence national public opinion. His advocacy of nonviolence attracted supporters among peace activists. He formed alliances in the American Jewish community. He also developed supporters from the ministers of wealthy, influential Protestant congregations in Northern cities. King often preached to those congregations, where he raised funds for SCLC.

The Chicano Movement is a political, social, and cultural movement by Mexican Americans. The Chicano Movement addresses negative ethnic stereotypes of Mexican people in the media and by Americans. People such as Tiburcio Vasquez and Joaquin Murietta became folk heros to Mexican Americans. They refused to obey White Americans.

The American Indian Movement is a Native American activist organization in the United States. It was founded in 1968 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The organization was formed to stop issues concerning the Native American urban community in Minneapolis. They wanted to stop poverty, housing, treaty issues, and police harassment.

The first feminism equality issues was suffrage rights. This led women to get the right to vote. The second feminist issue involved economic equality (for example, getting paid the same as men if they did the same kind of work).

Lesbians are also part of women's rights. The lesbian feminist groups, such as the Lavender Menace, are a lesbian activism group.

The events of the Hawaii Supreme Court promoted the United States Congress to create the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996. This act forbids the federal government from accepting same-sex relationships to get married. Currently 30 states have passed state constitutional amendments that ban same-sex marriage. However, Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Mexico, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Vermont made gay marriage legal.

Before 1993, lesbian and gay people were not allowed to serve in the United States military. Under the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy, they were only allowed to serve in the military if they did not tell anyone of their sexual orientation. The Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 allowed homosexual men and women to serve openly in the armed forces. Since September 20, 2011, gays, lesbians, and bisexuals have been able to serve openly. However, transsexual service-members still cannot serve openly, due to Department of Defense medical policies which consider gender identity disorder to be a medically disqualifying condition.

People who oppose gay rights in the United States have been political and religious conservatives. These people cite a number of Bible passages from the Old and New Testaments as their reason. The most opposition of gay rights are in the South and other states with a large rural population. Many organizations have opposed the gay rights movement. These include the American Family Association, the Christian Coalition, Family Research Council, Focus on the Family, Save Our Children, NARTH, the national Republican Party, the Roman Catholic Church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), the Southern Baptist Convention, Alliance for Marriage, Alliance Defense Fund, Liberty Counsel, and the National Organization for Marriage. A number of these groups have been named as anti-gay hate groups by the Southern Poverty Law Center.

The Civil Rights Movements in Germany was a left-wing backlash against the post-Nazi Party era of the country. The movement took place mostly among disillusioned students and was largely a protest movement to others around the globe during the late 1960s.

A general strike broke out across France in May 1968. It became a revolutionary problem. It was discouraged by the French Communist Party. It was finally suppressed by the government, which accused the communists of plotting against the Republic. Some philosophers and historians have argued that the rebellion was the single most important revolutionary event of the 20th century because it wasn't participated in by a single demographic, such as workers or racial minorities, but was a popular uprising, superseding ethnic, cultural, age and class boundaries.



Hōmyō dōji

Hōmyō dōji () is a story from Japanese folklore. It is about a man who has a son. The son has to be a human sacrifice to a snake. He does not get sacrificed. Another boy named Hōmyō offers to sacrifice himself instead. Hōmyō's father is dead. Hōmyō is a Buddhist. A Bodhisattva saves him from dying. Hōmyō meets the king. The king does not like Buddhism, the religion that Hōmyō believes in. Hōmyō tells the king his story. The king becomes a Buddhist and quits his job as king. 


Codex Huamantla

Codex Huamantla, which is also called the Codex of Huamantla and Códice de Huamantla is a book about the Otomi people. It was made by two people. People think it was finished in the year 1592. The first story is about the Otomi people migrating from a place called Chiapas to another place called Huamantla, Tlaxcala, which are both in the country of Mexico today. The other story is about how the Otomi people were involved in the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire.

Toshio Irie

Toshio Irie (, Irie Toshiō, January 10, 1901 – July 18, 1972) was a Japanese politician and bureaucrat. He was born in Tokyo. He went to college at Tokyo University. After he graduated from college he joined Japan's Ministry of Home Affairs. He then worked for the Cabinet Legislation Bureau as Counselor in the year 1927. He worked under Shigeru Yoshida. In 1946, Toshio earned a new job and became Director-General of the Bureau. As Director-General he worked on writing the Constitution of Japan after World War II. Toshio was added to the House of Peers. Two years later he had a new job as Commissioner General for the House of Representatives. From the year 1952 until 1970 he was a Justice for the Supreme Court of Japan. He worked as a Justice longer than any other Justice in Japanese Supreme Court history.

He retired from working in politics in 1971. He then became a teacher at Komazawa University. He died in 1972. 

Aphrodite (album)

Aphrodite is the eleventh studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was released worldwide in July 2010 by Parlophone Records. The album contains four singles, "All the Lovers", "Get Outta My Way", "Better Than Today" and "Put Your Hands Up (If You Feel Love)". The four singles have all reached number one on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart.


Seokbosangjeol

Seokbosangjeol (釋譜詳節) is the biography of Gautama Buddha written in Korean. It was made by Sejo of Joseon when he was still a prince. 

Sejo of Joseon used Chinese books as source text for the book. It features books like Lotus Sutra, Kṣitigarbha Bodhisattva Pūrvapraṇidhāna Sūtra, and Amitabha Sutra. It was the first time that someone had translated Buddhist sutras into Korean language from Chinese language. The book was made after Sejo of Joseon's mother died. People from around Korea were able to buy the book. It was published in 1447. It came in 24 volumes. Many of the volumes have been lost. The National Library of Korea owns a copy.

The book is one of the first times that the "hangul" alphabet was ever printed in a book. 

Marc Chagall

Marc Chagall (6 July 1887 28 March 1985) was a Jewish Belarusian-French artist. He is famous for his fauvist, cubist and expressionist paintings.


Vincenzo Sangermano

Vincenzo Sangermano (1758-1819) was a Roman Catholic priest from Italy. He was a Barnabite. He was a missionary in Burma from 1783-1806.

Goofy

Goofy is a Disney character. He is a friend of Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck. He is a tall, anthropomorphic dog. He typically wears a turtle neck and vest, with pants, shoes, white gloves, and a tall hat originally designed as a rumpled fedora.

He has been voiced by Bill Farmer since 1987.


Huey, Dewey and Louie

Huey, Dewey, and Louie Duck are Disney characters. They are Donald Duck's nephews and triplets.

The trio first appeared in a newspaper comic strip on October 17, 1937. Their first animated appearance was in the short film "Donald's Nephews", released April 15, 1938.

They starred in the 1987 television series DuckTales. In the DuckTales stories they appeared in adventures with their great-uncle, Scrooge McDuck. In the 1990s series "Quack Pack" the boys were shown as teenagers.


Abu Dhabi Authority for Culture &amp; Heritage

Abu Dhabi Authority for Culture & Heritage (ADACH) is a government agency of the United Arab Emirates, that takes care of the cultural heritage of the country. It was founded in 1981. It is based in Abu Dhabi. It has a collection of photographs by Edward "Tug" Wilson.

Hjúki and Bil

In Norse mythology, Hjúki and Bil are a brother and sister who follow Máni (the moon personified) across the sky. They are described in the Prose Edda, written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. Theories claim that the two gods' roles in mythology are the moon's phases. It is said that the two children were carrying a pail of water from a sacred well and that Máni swooped down and took the pail. The two children chase after Máni to attempt to take back their pail.

Sigyn

Sigyn is a goddess in Norse mythology. She is the wife of Loki. Sigyn is described in the Poetic Edda and the Prose Edda. She is said to be a very loyal wife. She is the goddess of fidelity and bonds who stays with Loki even during his final punishment. Her name means victorious and she is often depicted holding a bowl over Loki to catch the venom of a serpent to prevent it from burning him.

William Hedges (Australian politician)

William Noah Hedges (16 July 1856 – 21 November 1935) was an Australian politician. Born in Hertfordshire in England, he moved to Australia in 1878. He ran a stone quarry in Queensland, and then moved to South Australia where he was contracted to repair bridges and buildings at Mount Barker. He worked in Adelaide for several years building wharves and railways.

He moved to Western Australia in 1893, where he bought and managed a timber and firewood company. He owned farms in Western Australia and South Australia. In 1906, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the member for Fremantle. He was the only representative of the Western Australian Party. Although John Forrest was the leader of the party, Forrest took no part in the Western Australian Party. Hedges joined the newly formed Commonwealth Liberal Party in 1909. He held the seat until he was defeated in 1913. He had was also unsuccessful in elections in 1918, 1919 and 1922.

He wrote a several small books, "A practical scheme for land settlement in Western Australia" (1922), "Proposals for agricultural railways in Western Australia" (1924) and "Wheat growing in Western Australia" (1930).

In 1929, he became President of the Western Australian Employers Federation. He remained in this position until his death in 1935.

My So-Called Life

My So-Called Life is an American teen drama television series. It takes place at the fictional Liberty High School, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The main character is Angela Chase. She is played by Claire Danes. The last show was a cliffhanger. The people who made the program thought it would be on television for another season. It was canceled on May 15, 1995.

Many people enjoyed the program because the characters seemed like real teens. In 2007, it was listed as one of "Time" magazine's "100 Best TV Shows of All-"TIME"". "TV Guide" ranked the series number 16 on its 25 Top Cult Shows Ever list.

Atlantic Records released a soundtrack of the show, which originally released on August 25, 1994, then re-released on January 24, 1995.

Lee Strasberg

Lee Strasberg (born Israel Lee Strassberg; November 17, 1901 – February 17, 1982) was a Polish-born American actor, director and acting teacher. Strasberg was known for teaching Anne Bancroft, Dustin Hoffman, Montgomery Clift, James Dean, Marilyn Monroe, Julie Harris, Paul Newman, Al Pacino, Robert De Niro and director Elia Kazan.

Strasberg was born on November 17, 1901 in Budzanów, Austrian Poland (now in Ukraine). He was married to Nora Krecaun from 1926 until her death in 1929. Then he was married to Paula Miller from 1934 until her death in 1966. He was married to Anna Mizrahi from 1967 until his death in 1982. They had four children. Strasberg died on February 17, 1982 in New York City from a heart attack, aged 80.


Bill Pertwee

William Desmond Anthony Pertwee, MBE (21 July 1926 – 27 May 2013) was an English comedy actor best known for playing the part of antagonist ARP Warden Hodges in the popular sitcom "Dad's Army".

Pertwee was born on 21 July 1926 in Amersham, Buckinghamshire, England. He was the second cousin once removed of Michael Pertwee and Jon Pertwee, being the second cousin of their father, screenwriter and actor Roland Pertwee. 

Pertwee was married to Jean Pertwee from 1960 until they divorced a few months later. Then he was married to Marion Pertwee from 1965 until her death in 2005. He had a son, James Pertwee. Pertwee died on 27 May 2013 in Truro, Cornwall, England from natural causes, aged 86.


Zee Cine Awards

The Zee Cine Award is an awards ceremony for the Hindi movie industry. They are called "ZCA" for short. The awards started in 1998. Some awards were selected by public votes. Other awards were selected by an industry jury.

The ceremony was in Mumbai until 2004. After 2004 the place changed several times. Places include Dubai, London, Mauritius, Malaysia, and Singapore.

Arthur Lowe

Arthur Lowe (22 September 1915 – 15 April 1982) was an English actor. He is best known for playing Captain George Mainwaring in the popular British sitcom "Dad's Army" from 1968 until 1977.

Lowe was born on 22 September 1915 in Hayfield, Derbyshire, England. He studied at Chapel Street Junior School. Lowe was married to Joan Cooper from 1948 until his death in 1982. They had a son, Stephen Lowe. Lowe died on 15 April 1982 from a stroke in Birmingham, England, aged 66.


Peri Gilpin

Peri Kay Oldham (also known as Peri Gilpin; born May 27, 1961) is an American actress. She acts mostly television. She played Roz Doyle in the sitcom "Frasier" beginning in 1993 - ending in 2004. Gilpin was born in Waco, Texas.

NRK1

NRK1 is a television channel in Norway. It is the main channel of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK). Test broadcasts started on 12 January 1954 and regular test broadcasts started on 13 April 1958. Regular broadcasts started on 20 August 1960. It is Norway's oldest and largest television channel. It was previously known as simply as "NRK". The channel now known as "NRK1", to distinguish itself from sister channel "NRK2", which started broadcasting in 1996.

NML Cygni

NML Cygni or V1489 Cygni is a red hypergiant star. It is one of the largest stars known at present. One study says its radius is 1,640 times the Sun's radius (solar radii), but an older study from 2010 says its radius is only 1,183 solar radii. It is one of the brightest supergiant stars. It was discovered in 1965, by Gerry Neugebauer, D.M. Martz and Robert Leighton. The name 'NML' comes from the names of the three discoverers. 

NML Cygni's distance from Earth is about 5,250 light-years. This star has dust surrounding it. It has a bean-shaped asymmetric nebula with water vapour. It is a semiregular variable star. This means its brightness changes over 940 days. 

This star is a part of the Cygnus OB2 association, which is 1.74 ± 0.2 kpc away. This is one of the nearest massive star groups to the Sun. This group includes some of the most massive and brightest stars known, including the suspected luminous blue variable Cyg OB2 #12. NML Cygni has lots of oxygen. Molecules like HO, Silicon monoxide, carbon monoxide, hydrogen cyanide, carbon monosulfide, sulfur monoxide, sulfur dioxide and hydrogen sulfide are also in the star.

NML Cygni has two dense outer layers of dust and molecules. The star is also losing mass by slowly throwing gas into space. The dust envelopes are formed by this process.

Off-by-one error

An Off-by-one error is a logic error that often occurs in Computer programming and that often involves the checking of boundary conditions.
A fencepost error (occasionally called a telegraph pole or lamp-post error) is a specific type of off-by-one error. The following problem illustrates the error:

The intuitive answer 10 is wrong. The fence has 10 sections, but 11 posts.

The reverse error occurs when the number of posts is known and the number of sections is assumed to be the same. The actual number of sections is one less than the number of posts. 

More generally, the problem can be stated as follows:

The correct answer may be "n" − 1, "n", or "n" + 1, depending on the conditions. The precise problem definition must be carefully considered, as the setup for one situation may give the wrong answer for other situations. Fencepost errors come from counting things rather than the spaces between them, or vice versa, or by neglecting to consider whether one should count one or both ends of a row.

Off by one errors often occur with loops. If there are a number of fields, eg. in an array, and there is a loop over the array, an off-by-one error means that either there is one iteration too few to cover all elements, or one too many. In the first case, one element of the array is left out, in the second the index of the array will be outside its dimensions. The second error usually leads to an runtime error, because the program checks the size of the data structure, and sees that there are too few elements for the iteration. The first error is more problematic, because it usually is not detected. All that may point to the error is that one element is not initialized or does not have the expected value. 

Logic error

In Computer programming a logic error is a bug in a program, which causes it to work incorrectly. A logic error produces unintended behaviour or output. In many cases, the syntax of the program is correct. This means that the environment used to make the program will not show an error. This makes logic errors difficult to find.

This example function in C to calculate the average of two numbers contains a logic error. It is missing brackets in the calculation, so it compiles and runs but does not give the right answer.

int average(int a, int b)

Brandon, South Dakota

Brandon is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is in Minnehaha County, which is in the eastern part of the state. The city is about five miles east of Sioux Falls, and 11,048 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Brandon city website 

Frankenstein (1931 movie)

Frankenstein is a 1931 horror movie. It was directed by James Whale. It is based on the book "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley. The movie stars Colin Clive, Mae Clarke, John Boles, and Boris Karloff. The movie was a great success with both audiences and critics. It was followed by multiple sequels, including "The Bride of Frankenstein" and "The Son of Frankenstein".


Cato the Younger

Cato the Younger (Marcus Porcius Cato Uticensis, 95 BC, Rome – April 46 BC, Utica) was a politician and statesman in the late Roman Republic, and a follower of the Stoic philosophy. He was known as "Cato Minor" to distinguish him from his great-grandfather (Cato the Elder). A noted orator, he had great moral integrity. He could not be bribed, and disliked the political corruption of the age. He is remembered for his stubbornness and for his lengthy conflict with Julius Caesar.

Plutarch tells a story about Cato's peers' immense respect for him, even at a young age. During a Roman ritual military game, called "Troy", in which all aristocratic teenagers participated as a sort of "coming of age" ceremony, a mock battle with wooden weapons was performed on horseback. While the child of one of Sulla's surrogates was chosen by the adult organizers to lead one of the "teams," the team refused to follow him because of his character, and when they were finally asked whom they would follow, the boys unanimously chose Cato.

As a military tribune, Cato was sent to Macedon in 67 BC at the age of 28. He was given command of a legion. He led his men from the front, sharing their work, food, and sleeping quarters. He was strict in discipline and punishment but was popular with his legionaries. When in Macedon, he got the news that his brother Caepio was dying in Thrace. He set off to see him but his brother died before he arrived. Cato was overwhelmed by grief and, for once, he spared no expense to organize lavish funeral ceremonies.

On his return to Rome in 65 BC, Cato was elected to the position of quaestor. One of his first moves was to prosecute former quaestors for misusing funds and dishonesty. Cato also prosecuted Sulla's informers, who had acted as head-hunters during Sulla's dictatorship. Cato did this even when the men were well connected politically. At the end of the year, Cato stepped down from his quaestorship amid popular acclaim, but he never ceased to keep an eye on the treasury, always looking for irregularities.

As senator, Cato was scrupulous and determined. He never missed a session of the Senate and publicly criticized those who did so. From the beginning, he aligned himself with the "Optimates", the conservative faction of the Senate. Many of the Optimates at this time had been Sulla's personal friends, whom Cato had despised since his youth, yet Cato attempted to make his name by returning his faction to its pure republican roots.

In 63 BC, he was elected tribune of the plebs for the following year. He helped the consul, Cicero, deal with the Catiline conspiracy. Lucius Sergius Catilina, a noble patrician, led a rebellion against the state, raising an army in Etruria. 

When Cicero discovered a plot against the consuls and other magistrates in Rome, he arrested the conspirators. Cicero proposed to execute them without trial, which would have been legal under the "". In the Senate's discussion, Julius Caesar agreed the conspirators were guilty, but argued for distributing them among Italian cities "for safekeeping". In contrast, Cato argued that capital punishment was necessary to deter treason: it was folly to wait for the test of the conspirators' guilt. Convinced by Cato's argument, the Senate approved Cicero's proposal, and the conspirators were executed. Most of Catilina's army quit the field, much as Cato had predicted.

Cato was a supporter of Pompey, and continued the fight after Pompey was dead. The anti-Caesar forces, known as the Optimates were reinforced by forces from local rulers. They numbered about eight legions (40.000 men) plus sixty elephants. Caesar defeated the Optimates at the Battle of Thapsus in modern Tunisia, North Africa. Cato did not actually take part in the battle, which was led by a colleague, and committed suicide after the defeat. Roughly 10,000 enemy soldiers wanted to surrender to Caesar, but were instead slaughtered by Caesar's army. This was unusual for Caesar, who was known as a merciful victor. No explanation of this is known.

The Mummy (1932 movie)

The Mummy is a 1932 horror movie. It was directed by Karl Freund. It stars Boris Karloff as The Mummy, Zita Johann, David Manners, and Edward Van Sloan. The movie is about an Egyptian mummy that returns to life to stalk a woman who is the reincarnation of his lost love.


Woolwich

Woolwich is an area of the Royal Borough of Greenwich in south-east London.

Sodium monofluoroacetate

Sodium fluoroacetate is a chemical compound that is a poison for many organisms. Pesticides used kill rodents sometimes contain Sodium monofluoroacetate. Sometimes the chemical substance is used as a marker for cancer cells in Positron emission tomography. TO act as a marker, only very small quantities of a substance are needed. For this reason, the toxicity of Sodium fluoroacetate is not a problem.

Marking knife

A marking knife is a knife used in woodworking. It is used to mark a line that is to be followed by a saw or chisel when cutting the wood.

Starburst galaxy

A starburst galaxy is a galaxy with a very high rate of star formation. The rate of star formation is so large that the galaxy will quickly use all of its gas reservoir (from which the stars are made). 

So, the starburst nature of a galaxy is a short phase in a galaxy's evolution, just tens of millions of years. Most starburst galaxies are in the midst of a galaxy merger or at least close encounter with another galaxy. 

Studying nearby starburst galaxies can help us explore the history of galaxy formation and evolution. Many very distant galaxies seen, for example, in the Hubble Deep Field are known to be starbursts, but they are too far away to be studied in any detail. Looking at nearby examples give us an idea of what was happening in the early universe. The light we see from distant galaxies left them when the universe was much younger (see redshift). 

Starburst galaxies seem to be quite rare in our local universe, and are more common further away. This suggests there were more of them billions of years ago. All galaxies were closer together then, and therefore more likely to be influenced by each other's gravity. More frequent encounters produced more starbursts as galactic forms evolved with the expanding universe.

These include: 

List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and England

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and England have played against each other in One Day Internationalss since 2000. They have met on 15 occasions. England is most successful with 13 victories, Bangladesh have won in only 2 games.



Messier 82

Messier 82 (also known as NGC 3034, Cigar galaxy or M82) is the nearby starburst galaxy about 12 million light years away in the constellation Ursa Major. It is five times brighter than the whole Milky Way and one hundred times brighter than our galaxy's center.

In 2005, the Hubble Space Telescope revealed 197 young massive clusters in the starburst core. The average mass of these clusters is around 2 "M", hence the starburst core is a very energetic and high-density environment. Throughout the galaxy's center, young stars are being born 10 times faster than they are inside our entire Milky Way Galaxy.

M82 is being physically affected by its larger neighbor, nearby spiral M81. Tidal forces caused by gravity have deformed M82, a process that started about 100 million years ago. This interaction has caused star formation to increase tenfold compared to "normal" galaxies.

Recently, M82 has undergone at least one tidal encounter with M81. This resulted in a large amount of gas being funnelled into the galaxy's core over the last 200 million years (myr). The most recent such encounter is thought to have happened around 2–5 years ago and resulted in a concentrated starburst together with a marked peak in the cluster age distribution. This starburst ran for up to ~50 myr at a rate of ~10 "M" per year. Two subsequent starbursts followed, the last of which (~4–6 myr ago) may have formed the core star clusters.

In April 2010, radio astronomers at the Jodrell Bank Observatory of the University of Manchester reported an unknown object in M82. The object started sending out radio waves, and the emission did not look like anything seen anywhere in the universe before.
There have been several theories about the nature of this unknown object, but currently no theory entirely fits the observed data. The object is several arcseconds from the center of M82. It has an apparent motion of four times the speed of light relative to the galaxy centre.

List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and Scotland

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and Scotland have played against each other in One Day Internationals since 1999. They have met on 4 occasions. Bangladesh is most successful with 3 victories while Scotland has not won any games. The other game was abandoned without a ball played.




Baby boom galaxy

The Baby boom galaxy is a starburst galaxy 12.2 billion light years away.

It was discovered by NASA's Spitzer Science Center at the California Institute of Technology. The galaxy is the new record holder for the brightest starburst galaxy in the very distant universe, its brightness being a measure of its extreme star-formation rate.

The Baby boom galaxy has been called "the extreme stellar machine" because it is seen producing stars at a surprising rate of up to 4,000 per year. Our Milky Way galaxy turns out an average of just 10 stars per year.

At its rate, the galaxy needs only 50 million years to grow into an equivalent of the most massive galaxy ever observed.

The discovery challenges the accepted model for galaxy formation. This has most galaxies slowly bulking up by absorbing pieces of other galaxies, rather than growing internally. Another unusual aspect is the fact that scientists are observing this galaxy at a time when the universe was only a little over 1.4 billion years old. Evidently, the galaxy was doing this when the universe was still in its infancy.

"This galaxy is undergoing a major baby boom, producing most of its stars all at once", said Peter Capak of NASA's Spitzer Science Center. To that, the principal investigator of the Cosmic Evolution Surveyor, Nick Scoville of Caltech responded:
"We may be witnessing, for the first time, the formation of one of the most massive elliptical galaxies in the universe".

The different colors in the figure of the Baby boom galaxy refers to different wavelengths. The red color refers to new born stars in the galaxy. Interfered lights are giving off as the warm dust is heated by the stars. 

Pontic Greek genocide

The Pontic Greek genocide was the killing of all Greek people who lived in the Pontus region of Ottoman Empire. This is the northeast of modern Turkey. The genocide took place between 1914 and 1923. It happened when the Young Turks and Kemalists killed or deported Pontians through the Syrian desert. The estimates of the number of people that were killed vary. Most historians say between 350,000 and 353,000 were effected.

The genocide ended with deportation of survivors to Greece. This happened during the population exchange between Greece and Turkey in 1923. The agreement to allow this exchange of people wassigned after the Second Greco-Turkish War.

The Pontic genocide is part of the Greek genocide. It is often seen as separate because of the geographic separation of Pontus and political and historical features. 
Since 700 BC, Pontic Greeks lived near the southern coast of the Black Sea in the Pontus region. They had a strong culture with many important Greek philosophers and writers. In the 11th century, the Turks started moving to central Anatolia, This area is now Turkey. They moved into the Pontus region. Under the Byzantine Empire (395 CE-1453), the two groups got along well with each other.

However, from the start of the Ottoman Empire (1299-1922), the Pontic Greeks were not equal to the rest of the population because they were a Christian minority in a Muslim Empire. Many Christian Greeks had better education and a higher economic position in the empire. This made many Muslims angry. Religion was a sign of loyalty in the Ottoman Empire. But most Pontics did not want to change their religion to Islam. That is why they were seen as a danger to the empire.

The Young Turk Revolution was the event that changed the lives of Pontic Greeks in Anatolia. The political idea of the Young Turks movement was to "turkify" the Ottoman Empire. They wanted to bring together everyone who shared the same language, history and culture. This also meant that everyone who was not part of this group would have to leave. The people in the Ottoman Empire were scared that Christian groups like the Pontic Greeks would try to separate the Muslim Empire. This would mean that they would lose control and power over their areas. Because of this they started the genocide - to remove everyone who was not Turkish from Anatolia.

In the time between 1914-1923, about 353,000 Pontic Greeks were killed and 1.5 million were send into exile, meaning they were forced to leave their homes. The genocide came in different forms and had two main phases: Young Turk and Kemalist.

Pontic Greek men between 20 and 50 were sent to do slave work in working groups and camps of the military ("Amele Tabourou"). They were supposed to free the ways and open roads for Turkish armies all over Turkey. Many Pontic men died because they had to work a lot and there was not enough water and food for everyone. In the time between 1914-1918, 88 Pontic Greek villages were burnt down, women and girls were raped, houses were robbed and people murdered. 100,000 Pontic Greeks were killed and about 255.000 were forced to leave.

After World War I, the Ottoman Empire and Great Britain signed the Armistice of Mudros. This agreement allowed Greek survivors of the War to go back to their homes in Anatolia. However, most of their homes were destroyed and it was not safe for them to stay there. The armistice also allowed Greece to invade in Turkey if they felt like they needed to protect the Greeks in Anatolia. This is why Greece came to the city of Smyrna on May 15, 1919 and started the Second Greco-Turkish War.

The second phase of the Pontic Greek genocide took place during the Second Greco-Turkish War. It was larger by scale, than the first one, and resulted in complete dissappearance of Greeks in area.

Turks feared the permanent occupation and Hellenization of parts of Anatolia, with Ionia falling under direct Athenian governance, and separatism and revolt by Ottoman Greeks resulting in the establishment of Pontic state on the Black Sea. This concerns increased drastically after Greek landing in Smyrna on 15th of May and became one of main reasons (and justifications) for final stage of the genocide. In late May 1919, Kemal, having just arrived in Samsun, informed Constantinople that since the Armistice "forty guerilla" bands, "in an organized program", were killing Turks in order to "establish a Pontus state". But the reality was different. All this separatist hubbub resulted in almost no acts of organized rebellion and very little anti-Turk actions. Most Ottoman Greeks, in the Pontus as elsewhere in Anatolia, remained unmoved by ethnic-nationalist appeals. An American diplomat who toured the major Pontic cities in summer 1919 reported, "many of the most influential and rational Greeks... In Trebizond view this policy [of separatism] with disfavor.". The local Greek Archbishop, Chrysantonos, was also opposed. Why Ottoman Greeks by and large distanced themselves from the pan-Hellenic national message, and certainly failed to act on it, is unclear. Perhaps it was matter of poorly developed political consciousness; perhaps it was due to the centuries-long tradition of submissiveness to Islamic hegemony. Also they feared massacre - as had just befallen Armenians. Demographic realities assuredly contributed: Turks predominate in Pontus, as in Anatolia in general - and Pontic Greeks knew it, whatever their spokesmen sometimes said.
A few days after the war started, on May 19, M. Kemal Atatürk was ordered to go to Samsun, which is a city in in the Pontus region, to create order there. Instead, he brought more Turkish nationalists together and strengthened his tactics against the Pontic Greeks. Even more Greeks were kidnapped, killed, and tortured. Three hundred villages were destroyed and people were burnt alive in their homes.

Under the order of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, Pontic Greeks were forced to leave their homes and had to go onto death marches through the Syrian desert. The Greeks walked for weeks, even months and many lost their lives because there was not enough food, water or protection. They were joined by two violent groups: The "Teşkilât-ı Mahsusa," which was a secret police of the Ministry of War under the Ottoman Empire, and "Çetes", who were organized criminals. Both groups created even worse conditions for the Pontic Greeks.

By early 1920 the Kemalist policy of intimidating Greeks into flight was in full swing. Nationalist army officers near Samsun toured the villages saying that "the Christians [were] the cause of the [Allied] occupation of Constantinople and advocated their extermination". At Unye and Fatsa, Turks posted placards, blaming the Christians "for all their troubles". Kemalists arrested and exiled to Ankara Polycacpos, the Greek bishop of mixed town Ordu. Turks walked arout the town fully armed, except when Allied ship was in port. "They are on their good behavior until the ships leave... Christians feared to venture out of town". In Samsun Nationalists, stressing "the religious side of the question", inflamed Turkish population "by preaching a Holy War... The Greeks are accused of violenting Turkish women, and of destroying the Holy Tombs of Sheikhs at Broussa and other captured towns". Nationalist members of Kemal's parliament in Ankara proposed a law calling for the deportation of all Christians from the Black Sea area. But no such law was passed, because Kemal preferred less publicized methods at that time. Here and there, there were fatalities. In Domuz-Dere seven Greek charcoal-sellers and two children were murdered. At Gelebek station (Hackiri), in April, some 500 Christians were reportedly murdered by irregulars.

Organized atrocities began in March 1920 in Izmit and in September 1920 in Cappadocia, but not in Pontus yet. They eliminated illusions about Nationalist policy towards Greek (and Christian in general) minority and future of Pontians.

The full-scale campaign in Pontus began in March 1921. It may have been precipitated by the launch of the large Greek spring offensive, which began on the 23th. The leader of the Turkish campaign was General Nurredin Pasha, a killer so ruthless that in January 1922 he was brought up by his own government on charges for "the mal-execution of his orders". Kemalists claimed that they were "eradicating rebellion", Greeks were massacring Turks, the Greek Black Sea fleet was periodically bombarding coastal towns, and Pontic Greeks had joined the Greek army. Western observers uniformly asserted that there was no Pontic "rebellion", either underway or in preparation. Turks and their defenders have also sought cover by pointing to the arrival in the Black Sea in summer 1921 of a Greek naval squadron, which stopped Turkish ships, took passengers prisoner, and later lightly shelled Inebolu. This may indeed have hastened the deportation process, but it wasn't the cause of the campaign, which was launched weeks before. As Count Schmeccia of the firm Lloyd Triestino in Samsun, and previously a representative of the Italian High Commission, said, the Inebolu bombardment, which produced no casualties, was merely a Turkish "excuse for the massacres".

In any event, much other evidence points to Ankara's planning for that summer's destruction of the Greek communities. An American report refers to a July 2 order from Ankara requiring deportation of all "adult male" Christians "throughout the interior of Anatolia" , not merely in the Pontus. Another report indicates that two weeks later Ankara ordered the "immediate deportation of all Ottoman Greeks", meaning women, children, and the eldery as well. At the beginning of August, the mutessarif of Bafra told a visiting American naval officer that the deportation "of all remaining Greeks, including women and children, had been ordered by Angora". That order was apparently reinforced by another, from Nurredin Pasha, who instructed a local governor "to proceed with all dispatch to carry out the orders which had been given him or that he would shortly cease to be mutassarif". The American officer concluded that this was "part of an official plan which contemplates extermination of the Greeks". There may not have been an "open and avowed policy of extermination", but there was evidence of a "popular policy" aiming at "Turkey for the Turks", as one missionary put it.

Be that as it may, the largescale massacres and deportations began already in the spring, with the rural Greek communities. In the villages of Black Sea's Duzce (Kurtsuyu) kaza, "many old men and women [were] burnt alive". Turks also attacked swaths of villages around Alacam, Bafra, and Carsamba and in the interior as far as Havza and Visirkopru. They took paints to make sure that there were no American witnesses. Missionaries were not allowed out of Samsun, the regional missionary center. But survivors reached the town and told their stories. American naval officers reported that the campaign was "under strict control of the military", "directed by high authority - probably Angora [Ankara]",and carried out, at least in part, by soldiers. A purported eyewitness stated that villagers around Bafra were subjected to "incendiarism, shooting, slaying, hanging and outranging" and that the villages were "turned to heaps of ruins". The American officers quoted an American missionary to the effect that about a hundred Greek villages south of Bafra had been destroyed. Villagers were being killed and "the priests...crucified".

By summer, the campaign reached towns. In Bafra, it kicked off with an ancient ploy, according to the Greek Patriarchate: Greek notables were invited to a dinner party at the house of Efrem Aga, arrested, and murdered. Turks then rounded up and massacred young Greek men. On June 5 Bafra was sorrounded by gendarmes, brigands, and Turkish troops - "a special corps...formed for the purpose of exterminating the Greek element" - who demanded that the men give themselves up. Some hid. Turks then searched the houses, pillaging and violating "the prettiest and best bred" women. Men were marched off, escorted by convoys. The first headed for nearby village of Blezli. Seven Bafra priests were axed to death and the rest of men were killed thereafter. One, Nicholas Jordanoglon, gave Turks 300 Turkish lira for the privilege of being shot rather than batchered with an axe or bayonet. Another 500 men, from the second convoy, were reportedly burnt alive in the church in Selamelik. And another 680 were murdered in the church at Kavdje-son. Five convoys left Bafra. At least two, according to the Greek representative to the League of Nations, were shot up by their escorts near Kavak Gorge, killing at least 900. Survivors were sent naked, "like wandering spirits", to Malaya, Charnout, Mamuret, and Alpistan. Western report claimed 1300 Greeks were murdered in the gorge on August 15 or 16. Ankara's government claimed those dead at Kavak had been killed justifiably in battle, after "Greek bands" allegedly attacked Turks. On August 8 Turks collected Bafran women and girls, "stripped and violated them and by torture compelled many to adopt Mohammedanism". Those who refused conversation were led off "to different unknown places, where many died on the way...and children were slaughtered". Some 6000 Greek women and children were deported from Bafra around August 31 and further 2500 on September 19. The only Greeks allowed to stay were the sick people who paid bribes.

On May 25, 1922, the military base in Constantinople reached out to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Greece. They informed them about what was happening in the Pontus region. By that time, there were almost no Pontic Greeks left in that area.

The genocide ended with the the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923. It was signed by Greece and Tukey and led to a trade of people between these two countries. Almost 190.000 Greeks were send from the Ottoman Empire to Greece and about 350.000 Muslims were brought from Greece to the Ottoman Empire. With that, no more Christian Greeks were left in the Ottoman Empire.

On December 16th, 2007, the Pontic Greek Genocide was officially recognized by the International Association of Genocide Scholars (IAGS). Not many people know and talk about the Genocide on Pontic Greeks. This is because of the Armenian Genocide, which happened around the same time. On February 24th, 1994 the Greek parliament officially recognized the Genocide and declared the 19th of May as the national day of remembrance. Until now, Turkey has not recognized the Genocide and did not make a statement about what happened 100 years ago in Anatolia. Many pro-Turkish scholars even say that there is not enough proof that the Young Turks wanted to start a genocide in the first place.

The Genocide was recognized by Sweden in 2010 and the Netherlands and Armenia in 2015.

Passion Fish

Passion Fish is a 1992 American drama movie written and directed by John Sayles. The movie stars Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Vondie Curtis-Hall, David Strathairn, Leo Burmester, and Angela Bassett. It tells the story of a soap opera star (Mary McDonnell), who after getting paralyzed in a car accident, is forced to return to her family home and rely upon a series of nurses, forcing each of them to leave her employment until one nurse (Alfre Woodard) shows up guaranteed to stay.

The movie is set and was filmed in the Acadiana region of Louisiana in May 1992.

The movie premiered in cinemas in the United States on December 9, 1992. The reviews from movie critics were very positive. Mary McDonnell received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress and Alfre Woodard won an Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Female.


Poolesville High School

Poolesville High School is a public high school in Poolesville, Maryland. In 2013, "Newsweek" ranked it as the number one school in the state of Maryland. 


Alfre Woodard

Alfre Woodard (; born November 8, 1952) is an American actress who stars in both movies and television. She played Carolyn in the 1994 movie "Crooklyn". Alfre was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Woodard is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.


Kamoya Kimeu

Kamoya Kimeu (born c. 1940), a Kamba tribesman, is one of the world's most successful fossil collectors. With paleontologists Meave Leakey and Richard Leakey, he found some of the most significant paleoanthropological discoveries. Kimeu found a "Homo habilis" skull known as KNM ER 1813, and an almost complete "Homo erectus" skeleton known as Turkana Boy or Nariokotome boy. He has two fossil primates named after him: "Kamoyapithecus hamiltoni" and "Cercopithecoides kimeui".

Kimeu began to work in paleoanthropology as a labourer for Louis Leakey and Mary Leakey in the 1950s. He was recruited for Mary Leakey's team when she took over as head of excavations at Olduvai. She preferred to hire Kamba men rather than Kikuyu, whom Louis preferred. In 1963 he joined with Richard Leakey's expeditions, accompanying him to the Omo River and Lake Rudolf (now Lake Turkana) in 1967. 

He quickly became Richard Leakey's right-hand man, controlling field operations in Leakey's absence. In 1977 he became the National Museums of Kenya's curator for all prehistoric sites in Kenya. Kimeu was awarded the National Geographic Society's LaGorce Medal by the US President Ronald Reagan in a ceremony at the White House.



John Turner (Mayflower passenger)

John Turner (c.1590 – winter of 1620/21) was a passenger on the historic "Mayflower" voyage with his two sons. Turner was also one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact.

Turner probably came from Great Yarmouth in the county Norfolk, where there were several Turner families at that time.

Turner was a member of the Separatist church. That was a religion that was not allowed in England.

Turner was one the original group who moved to Leiden Holland in 1610 to escape religious persecution with William Bradford and William Brewster. Turner was a merchant and a (political official) of Leiden. 

Many of these people lived in Middelburg, Holland. This is located in Zeeland. Turner also delivered mail to the Separatists from their family and friends in England. Turner also brought cargoes of English pewter from London to Holland. He also carried letters between people in Leiden and London. On June 10, 1620, Turner carried information to the congregation on the progress of their planned trip to the New World.

According to William Bradford, John Turner traveled on the "Mayflower" with his two sons. 
Turner left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. John Turner signed the Mayflower Compact. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

After they landed, Turner was part of the group who went out on exploratory trips to look for permanent places to live. Turner was one of the "Mayflower" passengers who would make first contact with the Indians.

Turner also had a daughter Elizabeth, who stayed in Leiden. She would have been one year old. Elizabeth Turner married and travelled to New England before October 1635. She joined the Salen Church.

Turner and his sons died sometime in the winter of 1620/21. Turner was buried in Cole's Hill Burial Ground in Plymouth, presumably in an unmarked grave as with most "Mayflower" passengers who died in that first winter. Their names are all on the Pilgrim Memorial Tomb on Coles Hill as “John Turner and two sons.”

Monogram Pictures

Monogram Pictures Corporation is a Hollywood movie studio. It made low budget action and adventure movies between 1931 and 1953. In 1953, it changed its name to Allied Artists Pictures Corporation. Monogram was a leader among the small studios known as Poverty Row. It is now a division of Allied Artists International. 

Christopher Martin

Christopher Martin (15821621) was a merchant by trade. He along with his family traveled on the "Mayflower" in 1620.

Martin, wife Mary, son Nathaniel and step-son Solomon all came from Billericay in Essex England.

The family did not believe in the Church of England. In 1612, Martin and his wife would not take Holy Communion. Another time, Nathaniel and Solomon made the Church Vicar angry with during a service. Martin got into trouble because he would not give church officials the financial accounts he kept.

Martin and his family joined a Separatist church. They all wanted to go to the New World. Martin sold his property and bought passage on the ship.

The people asked Martin to help them by buying supplies. He did not spent the money wisely. He purchased things like beer, wine, salted beef and pork, dried peas, fishing supplies, muskets, armor, clothing, tools, and other things to trade with the Native Americans. One thing he purchased, the screw-jack, would be very useful to keep the "Mayflower" from sinking.

There were two ships going to Virginia Colony, the "Speedwell" and the "Mayflower". Martin was assigned to be the leader of the passengers on the "Speedwell" but the ship needed repairs. A fellow passenger and official of the trip, Robert Cushman said, that Martin will not listen to them, nor allow them to go ashore in case they should run away. Some of the passengers quit the voyage to return to London and lost much or all of their money. Others boarded the "Mayflower" which became very crowded.

Christopher Martin left on "Mayflower" in company with his wife Mary, his servant John Langmore and his stepson Solomon Prower. Nathaniel Martin stayed in England.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. They landed on 21 November. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Christopher Martin signed the Mayflower Compact. His step-son and his servant were too young to sign.
When the "Mayflower" was docked in the Harbor, Martin and other men went to land to find a place where they all could live.

In the winter of 1621 Martin, his wife, son and servant became ill and died.

Martin and his wife Mary were buried in the Cole's Hill Burial Ground, Plymouth.

There is a plaque in the United Reform Church in England to honor the "Mayflower" passengers. The plaque names Christopher Martin, Marie (Mary) Martin, Solomon Prower and John Langerman.


Ægir

In Norse mythology, Aegir is the god of the seas. He is the king of all the oceans. Aegir was feared by sailors, for this god would sink ships and take cargo. Aegir was worshiped by sailors who were afraid of him and sailors who were not. He has a wife named Ran and with her, they had nine daughters called the "waves".

Andhrímnir

Andhrímnir is the chef of the gods in Norse mythology. He is the god that killed the mighty boar Sæhrímnir. He cooks Sæhrímnir in his cauldron named Eldhrímnir. The cooked beast is then fed to the gods and fallen warriors in Valhalla. At night, the boar comes back to life so Andhrímnir can kill him and cook him again. This way, the gods and fallen warriors eat well until Ragnarok.

Smoki Whitfield

Robert "Smoki" Whitfield (August 3, 1918 - November 11, 1967) was an African American television and movie actor. He played porters, servants, and African chieftains and witch doctors. He appeared in the 12 Bomba, the Jungle Boy movies starring Johnny Sheffield from 1949 to 1955 as Eli, a friendly native guide. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and died in Los Angeles, California. He is buried in Pierce Brothers Valhalla Memorial Park, Hollywood, California. 

Cycle of abuse

Cycle of abuse is the name of a theory that was developed to explain certain patterns in an abusive relationship, and in domestic violence. Lenore Walker developed the theory in the 1970s, after she had observed that there is a pattern that repeats in such relationships:
Walker's cycle of abuse theory was regarded as a revolutionary and important concept in the study of abuse and interpersonal violence. However, researchers have occasionally criticised Walker's methodology, preconceptions or findings. 

Sköll

In Norse mythology, Sköll is a wolf that chases the sun (Sól) through the sky every day, trying to eat her. Sköll has a brother, Hati, who chases Máni, the moon. At Ragnarök, both Sköll and Hati will succeed in their quests.

Roy Rockwood

Roy Rockwood is the pseudonym created by the Stratemeyer Syndicate for the team of ghostwriters who wrote the syndicate's boys' adventure books. The name is best remembered for the Bomba the Jungle Boy and the Great Marvel series.


In addition to Garis and Duffield, some of these books were also written by Leslie McFarlane and W. Bert Foster. Edward Stratemeyer had earlier used the pseudonym "Roy Rockwood" for the book "The Wizard of the Sea; or a Trip Under the Ocean", published by the Mershon Company in 1900.

Light Years (Kylie Minogue album)

Light Years is the seventh studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was released on 25 September 2000 by Parlophone Records. The album contains five singles, "Spinning Around", "On a Night Like This", the duet "Kids" with Robbie Williams, "Please Stay" and "Your Disco Needs You". The album reached number one on the Australian charts.


Cockburn Town

Cockburn Town is the capital city of the Turks and Caicos Islands.

Cockburn Town is in the Grand Turk Island, the largest island in the Turks Islands archipelago. Historic 18th and 19th century Bermudian architecture can be seen on Duke and Front Streets in the town. The town is known for its long, narrow streets and old street lamps.

The closest area where ships can come near the city is Hawk's Nest Anchorage, which, though protected from the wind, should only be entered in good light because of reefs near the entrance.

The seat of government ever since 1766, Cockburn Town was the first permanent settlement on any of the islands, founded in 1681 by salt collectors who arrived in the Turks and Caicos Islands. The city supposedly lies on the place where Juan Ponce de León first landed on the island.

Cockburn Town is home to the Turks & Caicos National Museum, which is housed in the colonial-era Guinep House, on Front Street. The house is believed to be over 180 years old and is named after the large and old Guinep tree that is in front of the building. The site was donated to the Museum in 1990.

Some of the exhibits detail the history of the Lucayans (the original people of the islands), the Space Race, Turks and Caicos postage stamps, slavery and the history of the slave trade, the sisal and salt industries, royal events, as well as a general history of the islands. The museum also maintains a garden, which is adjacent to the Guinep House.

Also of interest are the museum's research projects, including its "Message in a Bottle" Project, recording nearly 40 years' worth of messages found in bottles on the beaches of Grand Turk.


Abdullah Gül

Abdullah Gül (born 29 October 1950) is a Turkish politician. He was the President of Turkey, He served from 2007 to 2014. He was Prime Minister from 2002 to 2003, and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2003 to 2007.

Gül was born on 29 October 1950 in Kayseri, Turkey. He studied at Istanbul University and at the University of Exeter. Gül has been married to Hayrünnisa Gül since 1980. They had three children.


Turgut Özal

Turgut Özal (October 13, 1927 – April 17, 1993) was Prime Minister of Turkey (1983–1989) and President of Turkey (1989–1993). As Prime Minister, he transformed the economy of Turkey by paving the way for the privatization of many state enterprises.

Özal was born on October 13, 1927 in Malatya, Turkey. He studied at Istanbul Technical University. Özal was married to Ayhan İnal from 1952 until they divorced a few months later in 1952. Then he was married to Semra Özal from 1954 until his death in 1993. He had three children.

Özal died on April 17, 1993 in Ankara, Turkey from a suspected heart attack. He was 65 years old. Many people thought that his death was an assassination. Then in 2012, experts later performed an autopsy and was confirmed that poison was found in his body. The current cause of his death is a heart attack.

A trial charging retired general Levent Ersöz with his murder began in September 2013.

Süleyman Demirel

Süleyman Gündoğdu Demirel, better known as Süleyman Demirel (1 November 1924 – 17 June 2015), was a Turkish politician. He was Prime Minister of Turkey seven times. He was the ninth President of Turkey from 1993 to 2000.

Demirel was born on 1 November 1924 in İslamköy, Atabey, Isparta. He studied at Istanbul Technical University. Demirel was married to Nazmiye Demirel from 1948 until her death in 2013. He died after suffering from a lung infection in Ankara, aged 90.


Abdalá Bucaram

Abdalá Jaime Bucaram Ortiz (born February 20, 1952) is an Ecuadorian politician and lawyer who was President of Ecuador from 10 August 1996 to 6 February 1997.

As President, Abdalá Bucaram was nicknamed "El Loco" ("the crazy one"). During his presidency, Bucaram didn't fix anything in Ecuador. This led to many people saying that he was not a good leader. Many members of congress thought he was crazy. Almost six months into his presidency, Bucaram was removed from office after being declared mentally unfit to rule by the National Congress of Ecuador.

Bucaram was born on February 20, 1952 into a tough neighborhood in Guayaquil, Ecuador.

Abdalá Bucaram was President from August 10, 1996 to February 6, 1997. His cabinet was put together by the Vice President Rosalía Arteaga. Within months, Bucaram was accused of stealing millions of dollars of public funds.

After he took office, Bucaram tried to fix the state, which included trying to fix the stock process started by Osvaldo Hurtado (1980, Popular Democracy Party), and supported by the next three presidents: León Febres Cordero (1984, PSC), Rodrigo Borja Cevallos (1988, Democratic Left) and Sixto Durán Ballén (1992, ex-PSC).
In 1996, he invited Lorena Bobbitt who had been acquitted of crimes relating to her cutting her husband's penis in the United States, to an official dinner. The two later became godparents to each other's children.

The constitutional court said the congressional resolution to be anti-constitutional and rejected it. The congress ignored the constitutional court decision and continued to confirm Fabian Alarcon as acting president.

He was exiled from Ecuador as a punishment for his crimes in Ecuador.


Rodrigo Borja Cevallos

Rodrigo Borja Cevallos (born 19 June 1935) is an Ecuadorian politician. He was President of Ecuador from 10 August 1988 to 10 August 1992.

He focused on Ecuador's economic problems during his presidency, and he increased collaboration with other countries in the Americas.

Cevallos was born on 19 June 1935 in Quito, Ecuador. He is a direct descendant of Pope Alexander VI.

León Febres Cordero

León Esteban Febres-Cordero Ribadeneyra (9 March 1931 – 15 December 2008) was an Ecuadorian politician. He served as President of Ecuador from 1984 to 1988.

Cordero was born León Esteban Febres-Cordero Ribadeneyra on 9 March 1931 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He studied at the Stevens Institute of Technology in New Jersey. Cordero married María Eugenia Cordovez in 1958. Their marriage would last until his death in 2008.

He was known in the Ecuadorian media as LFC or by his surname (Febres-Cordero). He was President of Ecuador of Ecuador for a four-year term. He was inaugurated on 10 August 1984. He succeeded Osvaldo Hurtado. During his Presidency he sought to introduce market-oriented reforms, and also led a security crackdown on a guerilla group, ¡Alfaro Vive, Carajo!. He was known for being a close ally to President of the United States Ronald Reagan.

In 1987 Febres Cordero was kidnapped for 11 hours by members of the air force demanding the freedom of General Frank Vargas Pazzos, who had been imprisoned after leading two uprisings in March 1986, aimed at toppling the Minister of Defense.

Congress approved a resolution granting Vargas amnesty, but Febres Cordero refused to publish the resolution, thus denying it the force of law. It was only after his January 1987 kidnapping that he signed the amnesty and released Vargas.

Cordero's presidency ended in 10 August 1988. He was succeeded by Rodrigo Borja Cevallos.

Shortly after his presidency, Cordero became Mayor of Guayaquil. He was inaugurated on 10 August 1992. Cordero succeeded Harry Soria Lamán. His term would last until his retirement in 10 August 2000. He was succeeded by Jaime Nebot.

Cordero lived in Guayaquil. He had four children with his wife of fifty years. Cordero was a smoker. He made many visits to the United States and Columbia. He once met with Ronald Reagan to discus foreign relations.

Cordero died on 15 December 2008 in Guayaquil, Ecuador from lung cancer and emphysema, aged 77.


Rosalía Arteaga

Lupe Rosalía Arteaga Serrano de Fernández de Córdova (born December 5, 1956) is an Ecuadorian politician. She was the country's first female president for only two days in 1997. Arteaga became president when Abdalá Bucaram left office.

Arteaga was born in Cuenca, Ecuador.


Cuenca, Ecuador

Cuenca (full name Santa Ana de los cuatro ríos de Cuenca) is the capital of the Azuay Province. It is located in the highlands of Ecuador at about 2500 m above sea level. The center of the city is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Trust site because of its many historical buildings.

José María Velasco Ibarra

José María Velasco Ibarra (March 19, 1893 – March 30, 1979) was an Ecuadorian politician. He was seen by many to be a dictator, He was elected five times to the post of president of Ecuador: 1934–1935, 1944–1947, 1952–1956, 1960–1961, and 1968–1972. But only once (1952–1956) did he complete the constitutional mandate.

Ibarra was born on March 19, 1893 in Quito, Ecuador. He studied at Central University of Ecuador. Ibarra was married to Corina Parral de Velasco Ibarra until his death in 1979.

In 1933, he stood in the Ecuadorian presidential election and received 80% of the votes cast, the highest in Ecuadorian history. Velasco Ibarra traveled through several Latin American countries, including Peru, and restored Ecuador's global image. His first presidency began on September 1, 1934, but he was ousted in August 1935 by the military.

In May 1944, because of the May 28 "Glorious Revolution", he was named Supreme Chief of the Republic and was later named Constitutional President by the Constituent Assembly. In August 1947, he was again deposed by the military. Three defense ministers perpetuated the coup against Velasco Ibarra; among them was minister Mancheno, who later was his successor.

In 1952, he again won the presidential election, and began his third term as president on September 1, 1952. This time, he served his entire term, which ended on August 31, 1956. His third term was a time of progress for Ecuador: 311 schools were constructed, with another 104 in progress. More than 1359 km of roads were constructed, and 1057 km more were improved.

In 1960, he was elected president for the fourth time and was removed on November 7, 1961. In 1960, he nullified the Rio de Janeiro Protocol, which led to conflicts between Ecuador and Peru, including Paquisha in 1981 and the War of El Cenepa in 1995.

Finally, in 1968 Velasco Ibarra won the presidency for a fifth time. This government ended abruptly on February 15, 1972, when once more he was deposed in a bloodless coup, which brought General Guillermo Rodríguez Lara to power. In total, Velasco Ibarra governed nearly 13 years, making him the longest-serving president in Ecuadorian history.

Ibarra fell of a bus in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He returned to Quito where he died from complications of his injuries on March 30, 1979, aged 86.

Jamil Mahuad

Jorge Jamil Mahuad Witt (born July 29, 1949) is an Ecuadorian lawyer and politician and the 51st President of Ecuador from August 10, 1998 to January 21, 2000.

Mahuad was born on July 29, 1949 in Loja, Ecuador. He studied at Harvard University.


Alfredo Palacio

Luis Alfredo Palacio González (born January 22, 1939) served as President of Ecuador from April 2005 to January 2007. From January 15, 2003 to April 20, 2005, he served as vice president, after which he was appointed to the presidency when the Ecuadorian Congress removed President Lucio Gutiérrez from power following a week of growing unrest with his government.

Palacio was born on January 22, 1939 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He studied at Case Western Reserve University. Palacio was married to María Beatriz Paret.


Lucio Gutiérrez

Lucio Edwin Gutiérrez Borbúa (born March 23, 1957) served as President of Ecuador from January 15, 2003 to April 20, 2005. He unsuccessfully ran for president again in the 2021 election.

Gutiérrez was born on March 23, 1957 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He was married to Ximena Bohórquez.


Eloy Alfaro

José Eloy Alfaro Delgado (June 25, 1842 – January 28, 1912) served as President of Ecuador from 1895 to 1901 and from 1906 to 1911. He became one the strongest opponents of pro-Catholic conservative President Gabriel García Moreno. For his central role in the Liberal Revolution of 1895 and for having fought conservatism for almost 30 years, he is known as the "Viejo Luchador".

Alfaro was born on June 25, 1842 in Montecristi, Ecuador. He was married to Ana Paredes y Arosemena until his death in 1912. On January 28, 1912, a mob broke out and busted into the prison cell where Alfaro was held at. They dragged him along the streets of Quito, Ecuador. Alfaro was killed during the attack, aged 69.


María Ángeles Calderón González

Maria Angeles Calderon Gonzalez (born October 27, 1974 in Madrid) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a type B2 goalball player. She works for ONCE selling coupons. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team was second. 

Juan José Flores

Juan José Flores y Aramburu (July 19, 1800 – October 1, 1864) was a Venezuelan military general who became Supreme Chief, and later the first President of the new Republic of Ecuador. He later served two more terms from 1839 to 1843 and from 1843 to 1845, and is often referred to as "The Founder of the Republic". His son Antonio Flores Jijón would soon become President of Ecuador.

Flores was born on July 19, 1800 in Puerto Cabello, Venezuela. He was married to Mercedes Jijón de Vivanco y Chiriboga. Flores died on October 1, 1864 in Puná Island, Ecuador from uremia caused by kidney failure, aged 64.


Galo Plaza

Galo Plaza Lasso (February 17, 1906 – January 28, 1987) was an Ecuadorian politician and statesman. He was President of Ecuador from 1948 to 1952 and Secretary General of the Organization of American States from 1968 to 1975. He is the son of former Ecuadorian President Leonidas Plaza.

Plaza was born on February 17, 1906 in New York City, New York. He studied at University of Maryland, at the University of California, Berkeley, and at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. Plaza was married to Rosario Pallares. They had six children. Plaza died on January 28, 1987 from a heart attack in Quito, Ecuador, aged 80.


Concepción Dueso Garcés

Concepción Dueso Garcés (born October 27, 1967 in Huesca) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a type B3 goalball player. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team was second.

Michelle Alonso Morales

Michelle Alonso Morales (born September 15, 1994, Tenerife) is a swimmer from Spain. She has an intellectual disability and is an S14 type swimmer. As of 2012, she lived in Tenerife. She raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, England. She finished first in the 100 meter breaststroke. She has been dubbed by the media as ""The Little Mermaid of the Canary Islands"". She is also considered one of the most important personalities of Spanish sport.

Josefa Benítez Guzman

Josefa Benitez Guzman (born August 30, 1969 in Barcelona) is a cyclist from Spain. She has a physical disability. She competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the road race. 

John Henry Newman

John Henry Newman, (21 February 1801 – 11 August 1890) was an important person in Victorian Christianity in England. He was part of the Oxford Movement in Anglicanism which pushed for a more Catholic faith. He finally converted to the Roman Catholic Church in 1845. He was made a cardinal. He was beatified in 2010. He wrote many books, including an autobiography, and "The Dream of Gerontius".

Newman was born on 21 February 1801 in the City of London,

At the age of 15, during his last year at school, Newman was converted, an incident of which he wrote in his "Apologia" that it was "more certain than that I have hands or feet".



Transformers: Age of Extinction

Transformers: Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action movie. It is based on the "Transformers" toy line. The movie was released on June 27, 2014. It was released in both IMAX and 3D. "Age of Extinction" is the fourth live-action "Transformers" movie series. It follows "Transformers," "", and "." The movie was directed by Michael Bay and produced by Steven Spielberg. The story of the movie takes place four years after the thrid movie.

Mark wahlberg, Nicola Peltz and Jack Reynor star as the main characters. Kelsey Grammer is the main antagonist. Peter Cullen, James Remar, Reno Wilson and Robert Foxworth returning as the voices of Optimus Prime, Sideswipe, Mirage, Brains and Ratchet. ]The cast also includes Stanley Tucci, Li Bingbing, Sophia Myles, and TJ Miller. The movie added John Goodman and Ken Watanabe as the voices of Hound and Drift. It also includes John DiMaggio (Leadfoot) and Frank Welker (Galvatron)

Four years after an invasion that tore Chicago apart, a mechanic and his daughter discover Optimus Prime, which brings down all the Autobots, Decepticons, and a paranoid government agency upon them.




Bay said that filming had begun on May 28, 2013, in Monument Valley, Utah. Detroit, was used for scenes in Hong Kong. McCormick Place in Chicago, was was used for a city in China. The movie was the first movie to be shot using smaller digital IMAX 3D cameras. From May 28 to June 24, 2013, Michael Bay uploaded pictures of several cars used in the movie. He uploaded them to social networks including Facebook and Flickr. 

On October 29, Michael Bay's Twitter account tweeted that main photography of "Transformers 4" had ended in Hong Kong The cast and crew went to the main land for another week of filming Additional filming in Detroit began in early 2014. 

Ehren Kruger will wrote the script and Steve Jablonsky wrote the music the movie.

2013 Stockholm riots

The 2013 Stockholm riots started on May 19, 2013 in the Husby area of Stockholm, Sweden. The riots led to several injuries. They happened in response to the fatal shooting of a 69-year-old man by Stockholm police. The incident was ongoing as of May 28.

Joseph Campbell

Joseph Campbell (March 26, 1904 – October 30, 1987) was a writer known for his work on myth and religion.

"I think the person who takes a job in order to live- that is to say, for the money- has turned himself into a slave."


North Dakota State University

North Dakota State University is a university in Fargo. This school was established in 1890 as the North Dakota Agricultural College. The school name was changed to North Dakota State University around 1960.

Quail

Quail [pronounced Kwāl] is a collective name for several genera of mid-sized birds in the order Galliformes. The birds in this group are often referred to as "fowl".
Old World quail are in the family Phasianidae, and New World quail are found in the family Odontophoridae. Many of the common larger species are farm-raised for table food or egg consumption, and are hunted on game farms or in the wild, where they may be released to supplement the wild population, or extend into areas outside their natural range. Quail are also raised as pets.

The collective noun for a group of quail is a flock, covey or bevy.


Carl Bloch

Carl Heinrich Bloch (23 May 1834 – 22 February 1890) was a Danish painter. Bloch studied painting at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts. Today he is mostly known for the Genre and History painting he did. 

Aérospatiale SA-321 Super Frelon

The Aérospatiale SA-321 Super Frelon is a transport and ASW helicopter designed and built in France. The design was first built by Sud Aviation, and later by Aérospatiale. It's built under chineses licence like Avicopter AC313.

Some were used by Israel and South Africa.

Edward Winslow

Edward Winslow (1595 – May 8, 1655) traveled on the "Mayflower" in 1620 so he could practice his own religion which was not allowed in England. Winslow helped to organize the voyage to the New World and was a leader at Plymouth Colony. He signed the Mayflower Compact

Edward Winslow was born in Droitwich, Worcestershire England. His parents were Edward and Magdalene Winslow. In 1613 Winslow was apprenticed to a London printer. Winslow became a Separatist which was a religion that did not believe in the Church of England.

It was illegal to be a Separatist in England, so in 1617 Edward Winslow moved to Leiden, Netherlands where he worked with William Brewster. They started to print religious booklets which were critical of the English king and his bishops. The English King ordered Brewster’s arrest, and he was forced to hide.

The Separatists were planning to move to America and they need leaders to plan the voyage. Thomas Weston helped them by providing the ship "Mayflower" for their journey. Winslow's brother Gilbert and family servant George Soule and a youth, Elias Story went with him. Elinor (Ellen) More, a girl of eight years, also went with them Elinor died in the winter of 1620 with only one brother Richard More surviving.

Edward Winslow left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Winslow signed the Mayflower Compact. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

The men went to land to explore a place where they all could live. One of the missions included William Bradford, John Carver, Myles Standish, Edward Winslow, John Howland, Richard Warren, Stephen Hopkins and Edwary Doty. Bradford wrote that they set off in freezing weather and many of the men were ill. He said that "when the set sail the salt spray froze on their coats, as
if they had been glazed". Of this group Hopkins was the most experienced, having seen Native Americans during his time at Jamestown. During their trip they saw Native Americans who were cutting up a large whale. When the Indians saw the men they ran away. 

Plymouth Colony lost over half of its population because of sickness, lack of proper food and the cold winter. With the help of friendly Native Americans, they learned to grow food. In 1621, Winslow and the others attended what would have the first Thanksgiving.
The next year they were able to load the ship "Fortune" with furs and other supplies. This was to pay the men would helped pay for the trip to the New World. On the return trip, the "Mayflower" was attacked by the French and all the cargo was taken.

On February 21, 1621, William White died leaving a widow, Susanna, and two sons, Resolved and Peregrine. Edward Winslow had lost his wife Elizabeth on March 24, 1621. In 1621, Edward Winslow and Susanna White became the first couple to marry in Plymouth Colony. They had 5 children: A (child) who died young, Edward Winslow, Josiah Winslow and Elizabeth. Josiah became the 13th Governor of Plymouth Colony.
Winslow had a friendship with native leader Massasoit. These Native Americans were friendly and helped the Pilgrims. In January 1629 a fishing and trading post opened up on the Kennebec River near Plymouth Colony. Isaac Allerton also opened his own trading post there and this caused problems between the two men.

In 1632, Winslow explored the Connecticut River. 

Winslow was a diplomat and a spokesperson for the Pilgrims with English officials. Winslow was a governor in 1634, 1636 and 1644 and was a member of the United Colonies of New England. This was a military group which protected the pilgrims against unfriendly Native Americans.

England had a civil war in the 1640s. Some pilgrims returned to fight against the King. In 1646, Winslow began working for Oliver Cromwell. Winslow never returned to Plymouth Colony.

In 1654, Winslow fought against the Spanish in the West Indies. They won the battle but Winslow became ill and died from yellow fever. He was buried at sea. Winslow Cemetery in Marshfield, Massachusetts has a stone monument which lists the names of the Winslow family. There is another memorial stone w/plaque stating "Edward Winslow, Founder of Marshfield". Edward Winslow's first wife Elizabeth Barker Winslow was buried in 1621 in the Cole's Hill Burial Ground, Plymouth, Massachusetts.



Martial law

Martial law represents the imposition of rule by military authorities on an emergency basis, such as foreign invasion, rioting, or natural disaster. It is usually imposed on a temporary basis if the civilian government fails to function properly. Military forces may be deployed for various purposes such as to stop looting, maintain order, impose a curfew, and secure buildings of the government.

List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and Canada

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and Canada have competed against each other in ODIs since 2003 World Cup. They have met on 2 occasions. Bangladesh and Canada both won in 1 games




Saturnalia tupiniquim

Saturnalia is an extinct genus of basal prosauropod dinosaur from the Triassic of Rio Grande do Sul, southern Brazil. The deposits are dated to the early Upper Triassic, about 225 million years ago (mya). The dinosaur grew to about 1.5 meters (5 ft) long.

"Saturnalia" is primitive, and its mixture of characteristics, has made it difficult to classify. It is one of the oldest true dinosaurs yet found.

The first (1999) description of the genus assigned it to the Sauropodomorpha. However, in a 2003 paper, Langer noted that features of its skull and hand were more similar to the sister group of sauropodomorphs, the theropods. Also that "Saturnalia" could be a member of the sauropodomorph "stem-lineage", rather than a true member of that group. 

José Bonaparte and colleagues, in a 2007 study, found "Saturnalia" to be very similar to the primitive saurischian "Guaibasaurus". Bonaparte placed the two in the same family, Guaibasauridae. Like Langer, Bonaparte found that these forms may have been primitive sauropodomorphs, or an assemblage of forms close to the common ancestor of the sauropodomorphs and theropods. Overall, Bonaparte found that both "Saturnalia" and "Guaibasaurus" were more theropod-like than prosauropod-like. 

However, all more recent cladistic analyses found it to be a very basal sauropodomorph,

360

360 (CCCLX) was a leap year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Constantius and Iulianus (or, less often, year 1113 "Ab urbe condita"). The number 360 for this year has been used since the early Middle Ages, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the main method in Europe for naming years.

<onlyinclude>





</onlyinclude>



Misery (movie)

Misery is a 1990 American psychological horror thriller movie set in Colorado. It is based on Stephen King's 1987 novel of the same name. The movie stars James Caan, Kathy Bates, Lauren Bacall, Frances Sternhagen, and Richard Farnsworth. It was directed by Rob Reiner.

Bates plays an abusive woman psychopath who imprisons and tortures a novelist (Caan) in her rural home. She does this after he accidentally crashes his car and she pretends that she is going to look after him until he recovers from his injuries.

Bates won the Academy Award for Best Actress. The movie was well received by critics and audiences. King has stated that "Misery" is one of his top ten favorite movie adaptations.

Edward &quot;Tug&quot; Wilson

Edward "Tug" Wilson (1921-2009) was a British colonel. He started the Abu Dhabi Defense Force. He was also really good friends with Sheikh Zayed. 

He was born on January 18, 1921 in West Hartlepool, Yorkshire in England. His birth name was Edward Bearby Wilson. Tug was a nickname. He attended Constantine College. In 1945 he was a wireless operator at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. He liked to play rugby and cricket. 

He started working in the Worcestershire Regiment. He then worked for the 1st Battalion of the British Army of the Rhine. Then he worked for the 2nd Division Signal Regiment. He was a part of the Berlin airlift and the Malayan Emergency. He went to Korea and in 1952 moved to Hara Mura, Japan to teach British soldiers at the Battle School. A grenade blew up while he was teaching soldiers and he hurt his shoulder. 

He became a Major. In 1961 he started looking over a squadron of the Trucial Oman Scouts. He was working at the Buraimi Oasis, Al Ain. He became good friends with Sheikh Zayed after the Sheikh became ruler of the United Arab Emirates. During this time Wilson founded the Abu Dhabi Defense Force. He was leader of that force until 1968.

He left Abu Dhabi in 1969. He started teaching at the Old Royal Naval College. Then he taught at the Staff College, Camberley. He retired from the Army in 1971. He started a trout fish farm. Wilson then moved back to Abu Dhabi, at the invitation of Sheikh Zayed, to run the royal stables. He ran the stables until the Sheikh died. He participated in the London To Peking Motor Challenge in 1990. He was awarded the Abu Dhabi Award. He died on January 2, 2009. 

Black hair

The term Black hair refers to the darkest of all human hair colors. It is a dominant and genetic trait, and found in people of all ethnic groups. Caucasian people with black hair are usually referred to as brunettes. Black hair carries extreme amounts of eumelanin and is less dense than the other hair colors.

Mekelle

Mekelle (, ) or Mekele a city in Ethiopia. It is the capital city of the Tigray Region. It is in the north of the region. It had 219,818 people as of 2012. 

The city was founded in the 13th century according to historians. It was one of the major cities of Enderta province. It was chosen as the capital of Yohannes IV's realm. There was a riot that broke out between Ethiopian Orthodox and Adventist worshipers on 29 December 2002. The riot resulted in five deaths and three others were seriously injured. The city is one of the country's principal economic and educational centers.


Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Gazi

Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Gazi (; about 1437 – 1513) was a mathematician from the Maghreb. He wrote poems about the work of other mathematicians, including Ibn al-Banna' al-Marrakushi. He used lattice multiplication in his math writing.


Zhaocheng Jin Tripitaka

Zhaocheng Jin Tripitaka is a Buddhist canon from the Jin Dynasty. It is written in the Chinese language.

It was first called the Jin Triptaka. It was written at the Tianning Temple around the year 1149. A woman named Cui Fazhen and some of her friends gave the money to make the book. Kublai Khan brought it to the Guangsheng Temple. It was found there in 1933. The canon was renamed Zhaocheng Jin Tripitaka because the Guangsheng Temple is located in Zhaocheng.

The canon has about 7,000 chapters. It's the biggest book published in the Jin Dynasty. It has some canons and sections that are not found in later copies of the book. 

Massasoit

Massasoit (c. 15811661),
was the Native American leader of the Wampanoag and "Massasoit" tribes. His name means "Great Leader".

Massasoit was born in a Pokanoket village at the site of today's Rhode Island. His village was near a spring of water which is named after him. He was liked by seven leaders. In March 1621, a Native American named Samoset entered Plymouth Colony and said to the Pilgrims in English, "Welcome Englishmen". He had learned some words from the English fishermen and traders that had visited his tribe. He said he was sent by Massasoit, “the greatest leader of the country.” After a few days, Massasoit came in person and was received with great friendship. 

Massasoit made a treaty with the Pilgrims. They promised to protect each other against unfriendly Native Americans. They promised not to hurt each other. They also promised to help each other as friends. Massasoit told the pilgrims that there was much sickness where the colonist were now living and that many had died. The treaty was kept as long as Massasoit lived.

Massasoit helped the people of Plymouth Colony in many ways, including how to plant corn. He became friends with the all of the colonial leaders.

During this time, Massasoit had five children. His oldest son, "Moanam" or Wamsutta, died within a year after his father, and his brother Metacom (Philip) became chief in 1662.

There was some bad feeling for a time when the Plymouth leaders refused to give up Squanto to Massasoit. He believe that Squanto had betrayed him. This was settled when Edward Winslow visited him in March 1623. Massasoit was ill and Winslow took care of him. After he got better, Massasoit said the English are my friends and love me. He also said that while he lives he would never forget the kindness they have showed me."

The Wampanoag and the English maintained a friendship until Massasoit's death. During this time, Massasoit sold lands to the English that they needed. When Roger Williams, was sent away from the Massachusetts colony, he spent many weeks with Massasoit. Massasoit was friendly and honest and always kept his word. He warned the pilgrims of any Native Americans who were not their friends.

Massasoit died as early as 1660. When he died, his son Wamsutta became chief. When Wamsutta died Metacom (Philip) took his place. Of Massasoit's five children, the only child to survive King Philip's War in 1676 was his daughter, Amie, wife of Tispaquin.


Massasoit was a character in "The Mayflower Voyagers", a 1988 episode of the Peanuts television series, "This is America, Charlie Brown". 

At the beginning of the 1995 movie adaptation of Nathaniel Hawthorne's "The Scarlet Letter", Massasoit dies and his tribe cremates him.

Albrecht Altdorfer

Albrecht Altodorfer was a German painter, engraver and builder of the Renaissance. He was probably born around the year 1480, in Altdorf, Lower Bavaria, or Regensburg. He died on 12 February 1538 in Regensburg. Together with Wolf Huber, he is seen as one of the main people in the Danube school. The danube school was an art movement that spread along the Danube, in Germany and Austria. With Albrecht Dürer he founded the Little Masters (original: "Kleinmeister") of Nuremberg. 


Ben Bailey

Benjamin Ray "Ben" Bailey (born October 30, 1970) is an American comedian, taxicab driver, and game show host. He is best known as the host of the Discovery Channel game show "Cash Cab". He was born in Bowling Green, Kentucky, United States.

Bailey was the host of "Cash Cab", a television game show played in a taxi that Bailey drives around New York City, from 2005 until the show's end in 2012. He was nominated for an "Outstanding Game Show Host" award at the Daytime Emmy Awards in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011. He won in 2010 and 2011. He was also the host of the 2011 NBC game show "Who's Still Standing?".


Elmer Gantry

Elmer Gantry is a 1960 drama movie about a con man and a female evangelist selling religion to small town America. Directed by Richard Brooks, the movie is based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Sinclair Lewis and stars Burt Lancaster and Jean Simmons.

Actor Pat Hingle was originally cast as Elmer Gantry. After he was injured from a 54-foot fall down an elevator shaft, the part was given to Lancaster. Lancaster won an Academy Award for his role.

Hang 'Em High

Hang 'Em High is a 1968 American Western movie directed by Ted Post and produced and co-written by Leonard Freeman. It stars Clint Eastwood as Jed Cooper, an innocent man who survives being hanged, Inger Stevens as a widow who helps him, Ed Begley as the leader of the gang that tried to hang him, and Pat Hingle as the judge who hires Jed as a US Marshal.

Body Language (Kylie Minogue album)

Body Language is the ninth studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was recorded during the summer of 2003 in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Spain, and released on 20 November 2003 by Parlophone. The album contains three official singles, "Slow", "Red Blooded Woman" and "Chocolate".


Fabián Alarcón

Fabián Ernesto Alarcón Rivera (born April 14, 1947) was President of Ecuador from 6 February 1997 to 9 February 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998.

Alarcón was born in Quito. He was head of the Congress from 1991 to 1992 and then again from August 1995 to February 1997, when he was made acting president due to the impeachment of President Abdalá Bucaram.


Gustavo Noboa

Gustavo José Joaquín Noboa Bejarano (21 August 1937 – 16 February 2021) was an Ecuadorian politician. He was the 42nd President of Ecuador from 22 January 2000 to 15 January 2003. Before, he was the Vice President during Jamil Mahuad's government from 1998 to 2000.

Noboa was born on 21 August 1937 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He was married to María Isabel Baquerizo. In March 2006, Noboa was put under house arrest for mishandling Ecuador's foreign debt.

Noboa died at a hospital in Miami, Florida from a heart attack while having brain cancer surgery on 16 February 2021, aged 83.

James Whale

James Whale (22 July 1889 – 29 May 1957) was an English movie director, theatre director, and actor. He is best remembered for his horror movies. These include "Frankenstein" (1931), "The Old Dark House" (1932), "The Invisible Man" (1933) and "Bride of Frankenstein" (1935). He also directed the movie musical "Show Boat" (1936). 

Whale was born into a large family. Early on, he discovered his artistic talent and studied art. With the outbreak of World War I, Whale joined the British Army. He became an officer. He was captured by the Germans. During his time as a prisoner of war, he became interested in theatre. After the war, he became an actor, set designer, and director. He moved to the United States to direct a Broadway play, and then moved to Hollywood to direct movies. 

Whale lived in Hollywood for the rest of his life with his longtime companion, producer David Lewis. Whale directed a dozen movies for Universal Studios between 1930 and 1936, developing a style influenced by German Expressionism.

After string of movies failures, Whale's directing career was over by 1941. He continued to direct for the stage, painted, and travelled. His retirement years were comfortable until strokes in 1956 left him in pain. Whale committed suicide on 29 May 1957 by drowning himself in his backyard swimming pool.

Cash Cab

Cash Cab is an American television game show. It aired on the Discovery Channel. The program started on December 5, 2005 and ended 2012. It was hosted by Ben Bailey. It took place in New York City. The series was also broadcast on Discovery from 2017 until 2018. A version was broadcast on Bravo from 2019 to 2020. 

Potential contestants entered a taxi driven by Bailey. When they got in and said where they wanted to go, they were made aware that they were in the Cash Cab. This included flashing ceiling lights and music, along with Bailey's greeting. They were then asked if they wanted to play. If they said that they wanted to play, they have to stay in the taxi until they reached where they wanted to go or until they got three questions wrong ("three strikes").

Contestants who played were asked a series of questions by Bailey. For the first four questions, $50 was added to their prize pool for each correct answer. The next four questions were worth $100 each. Questions after that were worth $200. In the first two seasons, the questions were worth $25, $50, and $100. If a contestant answered a question wrong, they added no money and got a strike. If the contestant got three strikes, they had to leave the taxi no matter where they are and got no prize. Contestants had two chances to ask for help. These chances were called "Shout-Outs." The first Shout-Out was the "Mobile Shout-Out." It let the contestant make a phone call to someone they knew to ask them for help in answering the question. The call could take up to 15 seconds. The other Shout-Out was the "Street Shout-Out." With this Shout out, Bailey would pull the taxi over and the contestant would ask someone on the street for help.

When the taxi had to stop at a red light and the contestant had at least $200, a "Red Light Challenge" was played. A question was asked that had more than one correct answer. The contestant had 30 seconds to give all of the correct answers to the question. If the contestant does so, $250 was added to their prize pool. If the 30 second time limit runs out, the contestant did not get a strike. In the early seasons, games had only one Red Light Challenge. Starting in the fourth season, some games had more than one. The second was played if the contestant had at least $1,000 in their prize pool.

If the contestant got to where they wanted to go without getting three strikes, they had a choice: they could leave the taxi and keep the money in their prize pool or they could risk it on a "Video Bonus" question. If they decided to play the Video Bonus question, a video clip was played and they were asked a question based on the clip. If the contestant answered correctly, their prize pool was doubled. If they gave a wrong answer, they lost all of their prize.

Starting in the fourth season, some games were "Double Ride" games. In these games, the value for a correct answer was doubled. The first four questions were worth $100, the next four were worth $200 and questions after were worth $400. The Red Light Challenge was worth $500.

In 2007, a spin-off, "Cash Cab: After Dark", started. Contestants were picked up near or after sunset. The questions were worth double the amount of "Cash Cab." The question were also harder.

Another spin-off, "Cash Cab: Chicago", started during the sixth season of "Cash Cab". It was hosted by Beth Melewski. This series used the same rules as the New York "Cash Cab". It ended after one season.

The series was also broadcast on the Discovery Channel from 2017 until 2018. A version of the program was broadcast from 2019 until 2020 on Bravo.


Ayelet Zurer

Ayelet Zurer (born 28 June 1969) is an Israeli actress. She is known for her roles in "Angels & Demons", "Fugitive Pieces", and in "Man of Steel". She was bron in Tel Aviv.

Zurer was born to a Jewish family. She has been married to Gilad Londovski since 2003. They had one child.


Antje Traue

Antje Traue (born January 18, 1981) is a German actress. She is known for her roles in "Pandorum", "Kleinruppin Forever", "5 Days of War", and in "Man of Steel".

Traue was born on January 18, 1981, in Mittweida, Saxony, Germany.

Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu

Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu (22 January 1971 – 25 July 2017), often known simply as Gurrumul, was an indigenous Australian musician. He was best known as a singer. Most of his songs are sung in Galpu, Gumatj or Djambarrpuyngu, which are all languages of the Yolngu people of northeastern Arnhem Land. He plays the guitar, drums, keyboards and "yidaki" (didgeridoo).

Gurrumul was born at Galiwin'ku, on Elcho Island, off the coast of Arnhem Land. He belongs to the Gumatj clan of the Yolngu, and his mother is from the Galpu clan. He was born blind. Although a few of his songs are written and sung in English, he does not speak the language. He is also said to be very shy, and does not normally speak during performances.

Gurrumul was a founding member of the band Yothu Yindi. He played in this band for almost ten years, until 1995. He formed Saltwater Band a few years later and remains their lead singer. He released his first solo album, "Gurrumul", in 2008. It was highly successful, and won several awards. It peaked at #3 on the ARIA Charts and #1 on the independent chart. Gurrumul was nominated for four ARIA awards, and won two of them (Best World Music Album and Best Independent Release). He also won three Deadly Awards: Artist of the Year, Album of the Year for "Gurrumul" and Single of the Year for "Gurrumul History (I Was Born Blind)". At the Independent Music Awards, he won Best New Independent Artist, as well as Best Independent Release and Best Independent Blues/Roots Release for "Gurrumul". He won the award for Best Independent Blues and Roots Album again in 2011, for "Rrakala".

Yunupingu died at Royal Darwin Hospital, Northern Territory on 25 July 2017 of kidney and liver failure. He was aged 46.



Looptroop Rockers

Looptroop Rockers is a reggae, hiphop and electro band from Västerås, Sweden, they sing in both English and Swedish but mostly English. The band's former name was just Looptroop.

The band has 9 albums and some EPs. The members of the group are Promoe, Supreme. Embee and CosM.I.C, the producers is DvsG (David vs. Goliath) and Burning Heart Records. The band were created in 1991 by Promoe and Embee, the band was complete in 1996. Now it’s the biggest Swedish export in Hiphop.

The name Looptroop comes from loops (the beat is repeating over and over till the end of the song) and ‘troop’ stands for Freedom Writers because they sing about the government.



Eyespot

An eyespot is a simple organ in biology used to detect light. It may be called an ocellus, or pigment pit. They are quite common in small, simple invertebrates, such as "Planaria". They do not have lenses or any means of focussing. Therefore, they can sense light from dark, but do not give the animal a visual scene as our eyes do.

In many simple animals the eyespot senses light with a pigment molecule called an opsin. Then a nerve fibre goes from the eyespot to the simple nervous system. This allows the animal to move in response to (for example) a shadow passing over it.

Eyespots also occur in single-celled protists like "Euglena" and "Chlamydomonas", where it is connected to the flagellum. This allows the information from the light patch to influence the cells's movement.

The first fossils of eyes that have been found to date are from the early Cambrian period (about 540 million years ago). This period saw a burst of apparently rapid evolution, called the "Cambrian explosion". One idea is that the evolution of eyes started an arms race which led to a rapid spate of evolution. Much earlier than this organisms would have used light spots for light sensitivity, but did not have a visual scene for rapid navigation.

Koenigsegg

Koenigsegg Automotive AB () is a Swedish company that makes cars. They make "super cars", a mixture of sports cars and a fast cars. The main office is in Ängelholm, Sweden. 1994

The creator and manager of Koenigsegg is Christian E. H. von Koenigsegg. In 1994 he created Koenigsegg as a small company, after years of planning. The designer David Crafoord designed the concept car for Koenigsegg's original drawings. Then, they built a prototype that could be driven. They tested the car for several years and developed it further. In 2002, the company started the series production of the model CC 8S. Koenigsegg CC 8S was named by the Guinness Book of Records for the world's most powerful car with its 1,050 horsepower.

Koenigsegg's fastest car is Koenigsegg 2013 Agera R. It can go up to 440 km/h (273 mph). In 14,5 seconds the car can go up to 300 km/h (186 mph).

Managed motorway

Managed motorways in the United Kingdom are motorways which use active traffic management. Their aim is to increase traffic capacity at times of peak traffic flow. They use variable speed limits and hard shoulder running at busy times. A "hard shoulder" is an inner lane which in normal times is only used for emergencies.

Active traffic management was first used in 2005. The system is now in operation on sections of the M1, M4, M6, and M42, and there are proposals for its use on sections of the M5, M25, M60 and M62. 

Benefits include smoother traffic flows, more reliable journey times, fewer road traffic collisions, and reduced noise and harmful vehicle emissions. Where only variable speed limits are used, it is called a controlled motorway.

Mooreana trichoneura

Mooreana trichoneura is commonly known as the 'yellow flat'. It is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae. It has a wingspan of 32-36mm. Butterflies like this are called 'flats' because they fly quickly and usually rest on the underside of a leaf with their wings open flat.

Its host plant is "Mallotus paniculatus", in the spurge family Euphorbiaceae. The yellow flat is usually found in lowland forests up to 833m (2500ft).

The yellow flat has a wide distribution. It ranges from India to Thailand to Malaysia and can even be found in the Philippines. In the 4th quarter of 2012, it was discovered in Singapore.

Kiddush

Kiddush () is a blessing said by Jews at the start of Shabbat and holiday meals. The term is also used to refer to a light meal served in the synagogue after the long Shabbat and holiday morning prayers. The word comes from a Hebrew root meaning "holy".

There are two versions of the Ten Commandments in the Bible. These versions use different words. The version in Exodus says "Remember Shabbat to keep it holy." The version in Deuteronomy says "Guard Shabbat to keep it holy." Jewish custom says that "remember" means to "celebrate" Shabbat. "Guard" means "resting"—not working or doing business.

There are many things Jews do to celebrate Shabbat [see Shabbat (Celebrating Shabbat)]. The minimum way to celebrate is to say the blessing "Blessed are You, God, Who makes Shabbat holy." The Talmud adds that the blessing should be said with a cup of wine. This is because wine makes people feel happy. Because of this, the Friday evening meal in a Jewish home starts with a ceremony to say this blessing over a cup of wine.

In traditional homes, the blessing is said in the Hebrew language. This is a Simple English translation of the blessing. Words in italics "like this" are added to explain the Hebrew.

There is a different version of Kiddush for the Shabbat morning (or noon) meal. This ceremony makes the meal feel more special. 

For the morning Kiddush, a person says verses from the Torah about Shabbat. These verses are usually from and . The person ends with the same blessing over the wine:
Most Jews do not say Kiddush at the third Shabbat meal. However, Maimonides ruled that they should do so. The text for this Kiddush includes . That verse is the source of the law to have three meals on Shabbat.

Kiddush is also said in the synagogue. This does not replace saying Kiddush at home before the meal.

Kiddush is said on these Jewish holidays: 
The holiday texts are different from the Shabbat texts. The blessings are said in the same way and at the same time of day as on Shabbat, but there are two differences:

Jews usually use a fancy cup for Kiddush. The most common material for this cup is silver. Other materials are also used. These include ceramic, glass and wood. The most important part of the custom is for the cup to be special and unusual in honor of the blessing.

Predator (movie)

Predator is a 1987 American science fiction horror/action movie. It was directed by John McTiernan. The movie stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers, Jesse Ventura, and Kevin Peter Hall. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The story follows a special forces team, led by 'Dutch' (Arnold Schwarzenegger).

They are on a mission to rescue hostages in Central America. The group does not know that they are being hunted by a technologically advanced alien, the Predator. "Predator" was written by Jim and John Thomas in 1985. Filming began in April 1986.

The movie cost about $15 million to make. It was released in the United States on June 12, 1987. "Predator" made $98,267,558 at the box office. At first, the reviews to "Predator" were negative. Much of this was because of a weak plot. Two sequels, "Predator 2" (1990) and "Predators" (2010) were made. There have also been two movies with the "Alien" franchise. These are "Alien vs. Predator" (2004) and "" (2007).


"Predator" was #1 at the US box office in its opening weekend with a gross of $12 million. Only "Beverly Hills Cop II" made more money in 1987. The movie earned a total of $98,267,558. Of this, $59,735,548 was from the US & Canadian box office. $38,532,010 was made overseas.


Tor Johnson

Tor Johnson (born Tor Johansson, 19 October 1903 – 12 May 1971) was a Swedish professional wrestler and movie and television actor. During his wrestling career, he was billed as the Super-Swedish Angel. 

Johnson was born in Sweden, the son of Karl J. Johansson and Lovisa Petersson. He began appearing in movies in 1934, usually as boxers or wrestlers. In the 1940s, he played lumbering thugs and scowling plug-uglies. He appeared with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby in "Road to Rio" (1947), in "Abbott and Costello in the Foreign Legion" (1950), and with Shirley Jones in the movie version of "Carousel" (1956). 

He is best known though for his appearances in the low budget movies directed by Ed Wood. He played Lobo in "Bride of the Monster" and "Night of the Ghouls", and the zombified Inspector Clay in "Plan 9 from Outer Space". 

In the early 1960s, he had guest appearances as wrestlers, thugs, and circus strongmen in various television series including "Peter Gunn", "Bonanza", and "The Shirley Temple Show". Johnson died in San Fernando, California, from heart failure in 1971. He was buried at the Eternal Valley Memorial Park in Newhall, California.


Colony of Virginia

The Colony of Virginia (also known as Virginia Colony) was the first of thirteen colonies in North America. The English first tried to make the Roanoke Colony in 1584. A war delayed resupply until 1590. When the ships arrived, the colonists were gone. The decision to settle Jamestown again came from a group called the Virginia Company of London. Virginia was settled again in 1607 at Jamestown, this time successfully. The Virginia Company had its charter revoked in 1624 for not showing a profit. At that time the colony of Virginia became a crown colony. It became a British colony after 1707. It remained an English colony until the American Revolution. 

The name Virginia was first applied by Sir Walter Raleigh and Queen Elizabeth I in 1584. After the English Civil War in the mid 17th century, the Virginia Colony was nicknamed "The Old Dominion" by King Charles II. He gave Virginia colony the name for its loyalty to the crown during the era of the Commonwealth of England. When Virginia colony was first settled it was a huge geographic area that was England's claim on all of North America. After the United States was formed, the entire states of West Virginia, Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois, and portions of Ohio were all later created from the territory that was once known in the Colony of Virginia.

List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and West Indies

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and West Indies have played against each other in ODIs since 2003. They have met on 14 occasions. West Indies is most successful with 13 victories, Bangladesh have won in only 1 game.



Night of the Ghouls

Night of the Ghouls is a 1959 horror movie written, directed, and produced by Ed Wood. It is a sequel of sorts to Wood's 1955 horror movie, "Bride of the Monster".

The story is about a crook, Dr. Acula, who pretends to be able to contact the dead. He charges people large amounts of money to speak to their dead relatives. He summons a group of real ghosts who bury him alive.

The movie stars Kenne Duncan as Dr. Karl Acula, Duke Moore as Lt. Dan Bradford, Tor Johnson as Lobo, Valda Hansen as Sheila, Paul Marco as Patrolman Kelton, and Criswell as himself.

Paul Marco

Paul Marco (June 10, 1927 – May 14, 2006) was an American actor. He often appeared in movies made by Ed Wood, including the "Kelton Trilogy": "Bride of the Monster", "Night of the Ghouls" and "Plan 9 from Outer Space". In this trilogy, he played a bumbling, fearful policeman named Kelton.

Marco was born in Los Angeles. He took lessons in drama, singing, and dancing at an early age. After graduating from Hollywood High School, he served in the United States Navy during World War II. 

His first known movie role was a small part in the 1944 movie "Sweet and Low-Down" with Benny Goodman. In the early 1950s, The Amazing Criswell predicted on national television that Paul Marco would go far in the movie business. Criswell introduced Marco to Ed Wood. In turn, Marco introduced Ed Wood to Bunny Breckinridge, a gay Shakespearean actor. Breckinridge lived with Marco for a time and co-starred in Wood's "Plan 9 from Outer Space".

Marco depended on Wood for parts. He more or less retired as an actor as Ed Wood's movies shifted more and more towards pornography. In 1995, Marco recorded "Home on the Strange", in which he reprised his Kelton character for Dionysus Records. He revived Kelton once more in the 2005 science fiction satire/tribute film "The Naked Monster". On May 14, 2006, Paul Marco died after a battle with hip problems and chronic illness. He was 78.



Duke Moore

Duke Moore, (July 15, 1913 as James Moore – November 16, 1976), was an American actor. He appeared only in movies made by Ed Wood. Between 1953 and 1970, Moore appeared in the following Wood movies: "Crossroads of Laredo"; "Final Curtain"; "Night of the Ghouls"; "Plan 9 from Outer Space"; "The Sinister Urge", and "Take it Out in Trade". Moore died in Hollywood of a heart attack.


Struga

Struga is a small city in the southwest of North Macedonia at the Lake Ohrid. The Black Drin river runs through the town, dividing it into a western and an eastern part. About 15,000 people live in Struga. They are a mix of Albanians, (Slavic) Macedonians, Turks and Romani.

Struga is known for its tourism, mostly in the summer, when people come to take a bath at the shores of the Lake Ohrid and of the river Black Drin.

Struga is also the capital of the municipality with the same name including the town itself as well as nearby villages.

Valley Springs, South Dakota

Valley Springs is a city in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located in Minnehaha County along the Minnesota state line. Valley Springs became a city in 1879, and 885 people lived there at the 2020 census.


Catalan independence movement

The Catalan independence or separatism is a political movement that supports the independence of Catalonia or the Catalan countries from Spain and France. The Catalan independence movement began in the 19th century. The separatists believe that Catalonia is a nation. Catalonia has its own language (Catalan language) and culture (Catalan culture).

During the Francisco Franco dictatorship, Catalans and the Catalan language were oppressed. Recently, the number of people who support Catalan independence has increased. In 2012 there was a demonstration in Barcelona with 1.500.000 people. The majority of the parliament in Catalunya wants to have a referendum on independence, and 55% identify as separatists.

The Estelada flag is the symbol of the Catalan independence movement.

Jalil Zandi

Jalil Zandi (2 May 1951 – 1 April 2001) was an Iranian flying ace in the Iran-Iraq War. He was an F-14 Tomcat pilot. He had the most victories in the air combat in the Iran-Iraq War: 11 victories ( 8 confirmed victories and 3 probable victories). His victories include 4 MiG-23s, 2 Su-22s, 2 MiG 21s and 3 Mirage F1s). He was also the most successful F-14 pilot ever.

He had the rank of brigadier general.

He died with his wife Zahra Mohebshahedin in 2001 in a car accident near Tehran. He is buried in Behesht-e Zahra cemetery in the south of Tehran.

John Le Mesurier

John Le Mesurier (born John Elton Le Mesurier Halliley; 5 April 1912 – 15 November 1983) was an English actor and comedian. He is best remembered for his comedic role as Sergeant Arthur Wilson in the BBC television situation comedy "Dad's Army" (1968–77). 

Le Mesurier was born on 5 April 1912 in Bedford, Bedfordshire, England. He studied at the Sherborne School. 

Le Mesurier was married to June Melville from 1940 until they divorced in 1949. Then he was married to Hattie Jacques from 1949 until they divorced in 1965. Then he was married to Joan Malin from 1966 until his death in 1983. He had two sons. 

Le Mesurier died from a stomach hemorrhage caused by cirrhosis of the liver in Ramsgate, Kent, England, aged 71. 


Free Realms

Free Realms is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game. It is set in a fantasy-themed world, named "Sacred Grove". It was made by Sony Online Entertainment for PC, Mac and PlayStation 3. The game was released on 29 April 2009. On March 31, 2014, the game was officially shut down.

Cellular automaton

A cellular automaton is a model used in computer science and mathematics. The idea is to model a dynamic system by using a number of cells. Each cell has one of many possible states. With each "turn" or iteration the state of the current cell is determined by two things: its current state, and the states of the neighbouring cells. 

A very famous example of a cellular automaton is Conway's Game of Life. Stanislaw Ulam and John von Neumann first described cellular automata in the 1940s. Conway's Game of Life was first shown in the 1970s. 

Some things in nature happen because of cellular automata.

The patterns of certain seashells are made by natural cellular automata. Examples can be seen in the genera "Conus" and "Cymbiola". The pigment cells are in a narrow band on the shell's lip. Each cell secretes pigments based on what pigment cells around it are doing. The cell band leaves the colored pattern on the shell as it slowly grows. For example, the species "Conus textile" has a pattern that looks similar to Wolfram's rule 30 cellular automaton.

Plants control how much gas they have with a cellular automaton. Each stoma on the leaf acts as a cell.

Moving wave patterns on the skin of cephalopods can be simulated with a two-state, two-dimensional cellular automaton, each state corresponding to either an expanded or retracted chromatophore.

Threshold automata have been made to act similar to neurons. These can do complex things, such as recognition and learning.

Fibroblasts are similar to cellular automata. This is because each fibroblast only interacts with others next to it.


Henry Morgentaler

Heniek "Henry" Morgentaler, (March 19, 1923 – May 29, 2013), was a Polish-born Canadian physician and pro-choice activist who fought many legal battles about expanding abortion rights in Canada. When he was young during World War II, Morgentaler was imprisoned at the Łódź Ghetto and later at the Dachau concentration camp. He survived the Holocaust.

He was a humanist and received the Order of Canada in 2008.

Morgentaler was born on March 19, 1923 in Łódź, Poland. He was married to Chava Rosenfarb from 1945 until they divorced in 1975. Morgentaler died on May 29, 2013 in Toronto, Canada from a heart attack, aged 90.


Andrew Greeley

Andrew M. Greeley (February 5, 1928 – May 29, 2013) was an American Roman Catholic priest, educator, sociologist, journalist, philanthropist, and popular author.

Greeley was born on February 5, 1928 in Oak Park, Illinois to an Irish family. He was raised a Catholic. Greeley studied at Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary and at St. Mary of the Lake Seminary. He retired in 2009 after an injury.

Greeley suffered skull fractures in a fall in 2008 when his clothing got caught on the door of a taxi as it pulled away; he was hospitalized in critical condition. He remained in poor health. Greeley died on May 29, 2013 at his Chicago home. He was 85.


Coriaria ruscifolia

Coriaria ruscifolia are shrubs or small trees with bright red fruits like berries. The fruits and the leaves are very poisonous.

This species has many names in Latin America. Some of them are:

"Coriaria ruscifolia" was described for the first time by Linnaeus in 1753 in "Species Plantarum" (Vol. 2, page 1037), from a plant from Peru.

The species is divided in two subspecies:

Shrub up to 4 metres high. Dark green leaves on the top and pale gray on the underside. Flowers grouped in terminal inflorescences on lateral branches, sepals are green to red, small petals, yellow or red anthers. Fruits look like berries but they are small nuts (achenes). The fruits are covered by the petals.

The number of chromosomes is 40.

The plants of "C. ruscifolia" subsp. "microphylla" can fix nitrogen from the air because they have bacteria in their roots.

C. ruscifolia grows in the Americas and some Pacific Islands:

It is a very toxic plant. Fruits are hallucinogens exciting the nervous system. The leaves have tannin and serve for tanning (making leather out of skins). It is recommended as an ornamental.

In Chile, the fruits are used mixed with bread to kill mice and rats.


The Little Mermaid (statue)

The Little Mermaid () is a statue in Copenhagen, Denmark. It sits on a rock in the harbor. It was inspired by a performance of a ballet based on the fairy tale "The Little Mermaid" by Hans Christian Andersen. It is tall. Sculptor Edvard Eriksen created the bronze statue. It was presented to the public on 23 August 1913.

The statue was the idea of Carl Jacobsen, son of the founder of Carlsberg. He asked ballerina, Ellen Price of Copenhagen's Royal Theatre, to pose for the statue. Only the statue's head was modelled on Price. She did not agree to pose in the nude, so the sculptor's wife, Eline Eriksen, posed for the body.

The Little Mermaid has been the victim of vandalism many times since the 1960s. Her head has been cut off, and she has had paint poured over her several times. In September 2003, the statue was knocked off its base with explosives. The statue has always been repaired after such acts.


Dean Brooks

Dean Kent Brooks (July 22, 1916 – May 30, 2013) or Dean R. Brooks was an American physician and actor. 

Brooks was born on July 22, 1916 in Everett, Washington. He studied at University of Kansas Medical School. 

He was the head of the Oregon State Hospital in 1975 when the movie "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" was filmed there, which is why he appeared in the movie. He starred as Dr. John Spivey M.D.. Brooks was the superintendent of Oregon State Hospital for 27 years from 1955 to 1982. Brooks was first licensed in Oregon to practice psychiatry in 1950. He retired from the practice of Psychiatric Medicine in 1999.

He was married to Ulista Jean Moser until her death in 2006. They had two daughters. 

Brooks died on May 30, 2013 in Salem, Oregon from natural causes, aged 96.

My Cousin Vinny

My Cousin Vinny is a 1992 American criminal comedy movie. Joe Pesci and Marisa Tomei star. The subject of the movie is two young New Yorkers traveling across rural Alabama. They are put on trial for a murder they did not commit. Tomei plays Mona Lisa. Pesci plays Vincent ("Vinny" for short). This comedy movie was released in March 1992 in the United States. It received positive reviews from the critics.

Bulgarian Orthodox Church

The Bulgarian Orthodox Church is a major Christian denomination in Bulgaria. It has around 8-10 million members worldwide. The head of the church is the Patriarch of All Bulgaria.

Hangman

Hangman is a paper-and-pencil guessing game played by two or more people. One player thinks of a word, phrase, or sentence, and the other players have to try and guess it. They do so by calling letters or numbers that they think are in the word. The word is shown as a row of dashes. If a guessing player gives a letter or number that is in the word, the other player writes the letter or number in the places that they are in the word. If the letter or number is not in the word, the other player draws a part of a hanged man stick figure as a tally mark (a form of numeral used for counting). The game ends when:


The television game show "Wheel of Fortune" is based off of Hangman. It uses a roulette-style wheel that players spin for cash and prizes.

Battle of Majuba Hill

The Battle of Majuba Hill was the main battle of the First Boer War. It happened near Volksrust, South Africa on 27 February 1881.

While the battle was small it was important in history. It led to the signing of a peace treaty. The treaty was between the British and the South African Republic. It ended the First Boer War. Also the fire and movement tactics used by the Boers were years ahead of their time. This battle and two before it convinced the British of the Boers strength. During the Second Anglo-Boer War "Remember Majuba" became a rallying cry.

Some important British historians say that this defeat marked the beginning of the decline of the British Empire.

Thomas (name)

Thomas [ tom-"uh"s; taw-mah ] is a masculine given name. "Tom" or "Thom" are short versions of Thomas. "Tommy" is commonly used. The origin of the name Thomas can be traced back to the Aramaic name Ta'oma, which translates to "twin". The name gained popularity thanks to Saint Thomas, who was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus Christ. Saint Thomas was recognized for his tendency to question and be uncertain, but he eventually became a firm believer and shared the teachings of Christianity worldwide. This name was ranked #46 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Thomas (surname)

Thomas (and Tomas) is a common surname. It is most often used by the British, French, German, Dutch, Danish, and South Indian.

Some notable people with this surname are:

Sondra Locke

Sondra Locke (May 28, 1944 – November 3, 2018) was an American actress who was known for starring mostly in movies. She starred as Laura Lee in "The Outlaw Josey Wales" in 1976. The following year, she played Augustina Mally in "The Gauntlet" (1977). Locke was born in Shelbyville, Tennessee. 

Locke was nominated for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Mick Kelly in "The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter" (1968).

Locke died in Los Angeles, California on November 3, 2018 from cardiac arrest complicated by breast and bone cancer, aged 74.

The Gauntlet

The Gauntlet is a 1977 action movie. It was directed by and stars Clint Eastwood. Eastwood plays Detective Ben Shockley. Sondra Locke plays Augustina Mally. The movie is about an alcoholic police officer and a related prostitute who become caught up in ambushes by corrupt police officers. This movie was got mixed reviews from critics. It earned $36 million. The movie was released in December 1977.

Sukhoi Su-17

Su-17 Fitter is a Soviet attack aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Forces in 1970. Its other names in other communist countries and in the Middle East are Su-20 and Su-22. It is not active in Russia any more, but it is still active in Vietnam, Syria, Yemen, Poland and Angola.

Edward O. Thorp

Edward Oakley Thorp (born 14 August 1932) is an American mathematics professor, author, hedge fund manager, and blackjack player. He is best known as the author of "Beat the Dealer" (1962). This was the first book to prove that the house advantage in blackjack could be overcome by card counting. As part of this work he collaborated with Claude Shannon in creating the first wearable computer in 1961.

Thorp also developed and applied effective hedge fund techniques in the financial markets. He was a pioneer in modern applications of probability theory, including the harnessing of very small correlations for reliable financial gain.

Thorp received his Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1958, and worked at M.I.T. from 1959 to 1961. He was a professor of mathematics from 19611965 at New Mexico State University, and then joined the University of California, Irvine where he was a professor of mathematics from 1965 to 1977 and a professor of mathematics and finance from 1977 to 1982.

Since the late 1960s, Thorp has used his knowledge of probability and statistics in the stock market by discovering and exploiting a number of pricing in the securities markets. Thorp is currently the President of Edward O. Thorp & Associates, based in Newport Beach, CA. In May 1998, Thorp reported that his personal investments yielded an annualized 20 percent rate of return averaged over 28.5 years.


Maureen Duffy

Maureen Patricia Duffy (born 21 October 1933 in Worthing, Sussex, England) is a British poet, novelist, and writer of plays.

Duffy graduated from King's College London. Her degree was in English. She became a schoolteacher in 1956. She left that work in 1961. In 1961, she became a fulltime poet and writer of plays. Her first novel was "That's How It Was". It was published in 1962. It was praised by critics.

She has published around thirty books. Her "Collected Poems, 1949–84" appeared in 1985. Her work has often used Freudian ideas and Greek Myth as a framework.

She has been active in supporting the rights of homosexuals. In 1977 she published "The Ballad of the Blasphemy Trial", a broadside against the trial of the "Gay News" newspaper for "blasphemous libel."

She has also been active in a variety of groups representing the interest of writers. At one time, she was the President of the "European Writers' Congress" (renamed European Writers Council in 2008). She was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1985 and awarded their Benson Medal in 2004. 

She is also deeply interested in intellectual property law.



Beesha Darawiish

Beesha Darawiish or Si'iid Harti, also called Reer Darawiish, means the Dhulbahante tribe. The Dhulbahante were called Darwiishes during the colonial era. The Darwiish was the successor state to the Dhulbahante garaadship. The Dhulbahante Garaadship (, ) was a kingdom from 1530 until 1895. Dhulbahante is also a Somali clan known for being the backbone of Darwiish. It is part of the larger Harti Darod clan. They live mainly in Sool, Cayn and Sanaag. Current population estimated 1.23 million.

Hydrogenosome

A hydrogenosome is a membrane-enclosed organelle of some anaerobic ciliates, trichomonads, fungi and a few metazoa. The hydrogenosomes of trichomonads (the best studied) produce ATP by a complex metabolic cycle. Unlike mitochondria, this cycle does not use oxygen. It is thought that hydrogenosomes evolved from mitochondria; their structure is rather similar.

In 2010, scientists reported their discovery of the first known anaerobic metazoans with hydrogenosome-like organelles. These organisms were Loricifera living in sediments under deep-water brine pools like the L'Atalante basin. These brine pools are completely without any oxygen (anoxic).

New Zealand national cricket team

The New Zealand Cricket team played their first test match against England in 1930. As of October 2021, they are ranked first in the world by the International Cricket Council (ICC).


Marylebone Cricket Club

Marylebone Cricket Club was founded in 1787 by Thomas Lord. It was one of the most important cricket clubs in the world for much of the history of cricket.


Karjala (disambiguation)

Karjala may refer to


Marylebone

Marylebone (, , or ) is an area of central London in the City of Westminster.


Facta (encyclopedia)

Facta is an encyclopedia in Finnish. It was published as a series of 11 volumes between 1969 and 1974. It describes subjects from a Finnish point of view.


Mäntsälä

Mäntsälä is a municipality in Finland. About 21,000 people lived there in 2015. The municipalities next to it are Askola, Hausjärvi, Hyvinkää, Järvenpää, Tuusula, Kärkölä, Orimattila, Pornainen, Pukkila and Sipoo.

Mäntsälä was probably founded in 1585.


Joutsa

Joutsa is a municipality in Central Finland. It is part of Itä-Häme, along with Hartola, Sysmä, Pertunmaa, Heinola and Luhanka.

Almost 4,900 people lived in Joutsa as of February 2014. It covers an area of . Neighbouring municipalities are Hartola, Hirvensalmi, Jyväskylä, Kangasniemi, Luhanka, Pertunmaa and Toivakka.

The former municipality of Leivonmäki was merged with Joutsa in 2008.

The newspaper "Joutsan Seutu" is published in Joutsa and Luhanka.

A summer festival, Joutsan Joutopäivät, is held on the second weekend of July.

Sahti culture is strong in Joutsa. "Joutsan sahti" is a locally made traditional drink.

Angesselkä, Etu-Ikola, Hankaa, Havumäki, Joutsa, Kivisuo, Kälä, Laitjärvi, Lapinkylä, Leivonmäki, Marjotaipale, Martinkylä, Mieskonmäki, Niemistenkylä, Pajumäki, Pappinen, Pylsy, Pärnämäki, Ruokoranta, Ruorasmäki, Rutalahti, Savenaho, Selänpohja, Taka-Ikola, Tammilahti, Tolvasniemi, Uimaniemi, Vallaspelto, Vähä-Joutsa and Vehmaa.


Mäntyharju

Mäntyharju is a municipality in Finland. Almost 6,350 people lived there in August 2012. It covers an area of about .

Villages include Ahvenisto, Anettu, Enonlahti, Halmeniemi, Hietaniemi, Huopola, Hyyrylä, Hölttä, Jäniskylä, Karankamäki, Kinni, Kirkonkylä, Koirakivi, Korpilahti, Kousa, Kuhajärvi, Kukonkorpi, Kyttälä, Lahnaniemi, Leppäniemi, Luhtanen, Lyytikkälä, Mynttilä, Niinimäki, Nurmaa, Ollikkala, Outila, Paasola, Partsinmaa, Poitsiniemi, Pyhäkoski, Pärnämäki, Saviniemi, Särkemäki, Tiilikkala, Toivola, Valtola, Vanonen and Varpanen.


Feldkirch, Vorarlberg

Feldkirch is the second largest city in Vorarlberg. The largest hospital of Vorarlberg is there. About 33,000 people lived in Feldkirch, in 2019.

Feldkirch has seven districts named Feldkirch, Tisis, Tosters, Nofels, Levis, Gisingen and Altenstadt.

Mikkeli

Mikkeli is a town in Southern Savonia, Finland. As of January 2014, the population was almost 54,700. In the Finnish point of view, Mikkeli is a city, not a town. Neighbouring municipalities are Hirvensalmi, Juva, Kangasniemi, Mäntyharju, Pieksämäki, Puumala and Savitaipale.

The former municipality of Haukivuori was merged with Mikkeli in 2007. The former municipalities of Ristiina and Suomenniemi was merged with Mikkeli in 2013.

Mikkeli was established in 1838.



Medullary ray

In botany, medullary rays (pith rays or wood rays) are sheets or ribbons of cells running from the inside of the plant to the outside. That is, they run at right angles to the xylem and phloem, which run vertically. While the plant is alive, these medullary cells are alive. They carry nutrients (sap) towards the surface of the tree.

In wood products the rays can be seen running perpendicular to the growth rings. If wood is cut into boards with the growth rings roughly perpendicular to the face of the board, the medullary rays often produce beautiful "figure" such as silver grain, medullary spots, pith flecks, etc.

The function of medullary rays is to carry chemicals which fight invasion by insects and fungi, and block any damaged areas. The cells deposit tannins and resins which block up the damaged area. This process is called "tylosis".

Savonlinna

Savonlinna is a town in Finland. The population was almost 36,250 in January 2014. Neighbouring municipalities are Enonkoski, Heinävesi, Kitee, Liperi, Parikkala, Rantasalmi, Ruokolahti, Rääkkylä, Sulkava and Varkaus. Some parts of central Savonlinna has been built over islands. Over one-third of the area is water or islands.

The former municipalities of Kerimäki and Punkaharju were merged with Savonlinna in 2013.


Rovaniemi

Rovaniemi is a town in Lapland, in northern Finland. Rovaniemi is very close to the Arctic Circle. The population was over 61,000 in January 2014. The area is huge in typical European scale. Neigbouring municipalities are Kittilä, Sodankylä, Kolari, Pello, Ylitornio, Tervola, Ranua, Posio, Kemijärvi and Pelkosenniemi.

On 1 January 2006, (Rural municipality of Rovaniemi) was merged into a single municipality.


Quiet storm

Quiet storm is a late-night radio format that plays slow soul music. It developed in the 1970s in Washington, D.C.

Christy Mathewson

Christopher Mathewson (August 12, 1880 - October 7, 1925) was an American Major League Baseball player. He was known as "Big Six", "The Christian Gentleman", and "Matty". He played for the New York Giants and the Cincinnati Reds, and also managed the Reds. He became a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1936.

Drying rack

Drying rack is a rack used for drying clothes after they have been washed. It is also called a clothes horse or a clothes rack. It is usually located inside a house, as a replacement to a washing line, which is located outside.

An automated drying rack (also known variously as a automated drying rack, automatic laundry airer or automated laundry system) is a ceiling-mounted mechanism to dry clothes and is automated. In Singapore, it is often know as automated laundry rack.

Altenstadt (Feldkirch)

Altenstadt is a district of Feldkirch in Austria. The biggest and most important school in Feldkirch is there.

Cytokine storm

A cytokine storm is an overreaction of the body's immune system. It can be deadly. It consists of a positive feedback loop between cytokines and immune cells.

It is believed that cytokine storms were responsible for many of the deaths during the 1918 influenza pandemic, which killed a disproportionate number of young adults. In this case, a healthy immune system may have been a liability rather than an asset. Preliminary research results from Hong Kong also suggest this as the probable reason for many deaths during the SARS epidemic in 2003. Human deaths from the bird flu H5N1 usually involve cytokine storms as well.


Dassault Mirage F1

Mirage F1 is a French air superiority and attack aircraft. Its first flight was on 23 December 1966, but it first entered into the French Air Force in 1973. Dassault Aviation has built this turbojet aircraft. Its current important users are France, Iran and Morocco.

Black Hole of Calcutta

Black Hole of Calcutta was a dungeon in old Fort William, Calcutta, India. It was 18 feet (5.5 metres) long and 14 feet (4 metres) wide, and had two small windows. 

The fort was built by the British to defend their trading interests in Calcutta. During hostilities in 1756, the fort was captured by the army of the Nawab of Bengal on 20 June. John Zephaniah Holwell, a British eyewitness, reported that those taken in the capture of the fort, numbering 146, were confined to the dungeon, and that only 23 survived. The story was told by John Zephaniah Holwell, a survivor. However, 146 people could not have fit in a room of 24 x 18 feet. Today most concede that Holwell greatly exaggerated the number of captives.

The British captured and killed the Nawab. An obelisk was later raised in memory of those who died in the Black Hole. Holwell's account of the incident has been challenged by modern historians and scholars.


Vellum

Vellum is a high-quality form of parchment. Originally, it meant calf skin, but in English the term is used more widely.

Like parchment, the skin is prepared to take writing in ink. It was one of the standard writing surfaces used in Europe before paper became available. It continued to be used for high-status documents. The vellum was used for single pages, scrolls, codices or books.

To manufacture vellum, the skin is cleaned, then bleached, stretched on a frame called a "herse", and scraped with a knife. When vellum is scraped, it is by turns wet and dry to create tension. A final finish is got by rubbing the surface with pumice, and treating it with lime or chalk. Then it is ready to accept ink.

Modern "paper vellum" (sometimes called vegetable vellum) is made out of synthetic material instead of mammal skin, but is used for the same purpose as normal vellum.

In ancient Europe, vellum meant good quality prepared animal skin. Calves, sheep, goat and even camel are known to have been used to make vellum. The very best vellum was made from unborn animals. It can be hard to identify the animal used to make old vellum without using a science lab.

French sources defined velum (or velin in French) as made from calves only. This has remained true in modern times.

Most of the best sort of medieval manuscripts were written on vellum. Some Buddhist texts were written on vellum, and all Sifrei Torah texts are written on vellum or something similar.

A quarter of the 180 copy edition of Johannes Gutenberg's first Bible printed in 1455 was also printed on vellum, presumably because his costumers expected this for a high-quality book. Paper was used for most book-printing at the time.

In art, vellum was used for paintings, especially if they needed to be sent long distances, before canvas became widely used in about 1500, and continued to be used for drawings, and watercolours. Old master prints were sometimes printed on vellum, especially for presentation copies, until at least the seventeenth century.

Limp vellum or limp-parchment bindings was used frequently in the 16th and 17th centuries, and were sometimes gilt. In later centuries vellum has been more commonly used like leather. Vellum can be stained virtually any color but mainly it is not, as many people like its faint grain and hair markings.

Many documents that needed to last long were written in vellum as it was able to last longer than paper. Some vellum-written documents are more than a thousand years old.

British Acts of Parliament are still printed on vellum for archival purposes, as are those of the Republic of Ireland. It is still used for Jewish scrolls, for luxury book covers, memorial books, and for various documents in calligraphy.

Today, because of low demand and complicated manufacturing process, animal vellum is expensive and hard to find. Only one UK company still supplies them. A modern vellum-like alternative is made out of cotton. Known as paper vellum, this material is cheaper than animal vellum and can be found in most art and crafting supply stores. Some brands of writing paper and other sorts of paper use the term "vellum" to suggest quality.

In the artistic crafts of writing, illuminating, lettering, and bookbinding, "vellum" is normally reserved for calfskin, while any other skin is called "parchment".

Paper vellum is made from cotton. Usually translucent, paper vellum in various sizes is often used in applications where tracing is required, such as architectural plans. Like natural vellum, the paper vellum is more stable than paper, which is frequently critical in the development of large drawings and plans such as blueprints.

Vellum is typically stored in a stable environment with a stable temperature. If vellum is stored in an environment with less than 11% relative humidity, it becomes fragile, brittle, and susceptible to mechanical stresses; if it is stored in an environment with greater than 40% relative humidity, it becomes vulnerable to mold or fungus growth. The best temperature for the preservation of vellum is 20 ± 1.5 °C (68 ± 3 °F)

Mitchell, South Dakota

Mitchell is a city in and the county seat of Davison County, South Dakota. It is in the eastern part of the state, and 15,660 people lived there at the 2020 census. It became a city in 1883.


Porter Airlines

Porter Airlines is a Canadian regional airline. It was founded in 2006. It flies between cities in the United States and Canada.

Paul Villard

Paul Villard (1860–1934) was a French scientist. He discovered gamma rays while studying radium.

Canton, South Dakota

Canton is a city in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Lincoln County, and 3,066 people lived there at the 2020 census. Canton became a city in 1881.


Affliction (movie)

Affliction is an American drama movie produced in 1997. It was written and directed by Paul Schrader. It is based on the novel by Russell Banks. It stars Nick Nolte, Sissy Spacek, James Coburn, and Willem Dafoe.

"Affliction" tells the story of Wade Whitehouse, a small-town policeman in New Hampshire. Disconnected from the people around him, including his father and his divorced wife, he becomes obsessed with the solving of a fatal hunting accident. This leads to a series of tragic events.

The Great Escape (movie)

The Great Escape is a 1963 American war movie. It is about an escape by Allied prisoners of war from a German POW camp during World War II. The movie stars Steve McQueen, James Garner, Donald Pleasence, Charles Bronson, James Coburn, and Richard Attenborough. It got positive reviews from critics.


SpongeBob SquarePants (season 8)

The eighth season of SpongeBob SquarePants began on March 26, 2011 with the episodes "A Friendly Game" and "Oral Report." It ran through December 6, 2012, ending with "It's a SpongeBob Christmas!"


Tartar sauce

Tartar sauce (tartare in the United Kingdom and Australia) is a mayonnaise-based sauce. It is often served as a condiment with seafood dishes. It is like mayonnaise, but with a few more ingredients such as pickles, onions, and parsley.

The word Tartar is a Turkic word. It is believed to be named after the Tatar people.

Mary in Islam

Mary (; ), the mother of Isa (;) is venerated in Islam. Her parents are mentioned as Imran (عمران) and Hannah (حنا). She is one of the most important and righteous women in Islam. She is mentioned in the Quran more than in the New Testament (Bible). She is the only woman mentioned by name in the Quran. Many Muslim women look up to her as an example. According to the Quran, Allah (God) chose Mary above all women of all nations. The Quran states: 
Behold! the angels said: "O Mary! Allah hath chosen thee and purified thee- chosen thee above the women of all nations.
Mary is mentioned in the Quran frequently. Her life narrative occurs in the earliest chapters. The nineteenth chapter is named after her. The chapter is called "Maryam".

In the Quran, Mary is believed to be a daughter of (Imran) Amram and (Hanna) Anne. While some confuse the parents of Moses. Aaron and their Sister Miriam to be the same of the Virgin Mary, this is not correct. While Moses and Harun did have a sister named Miriam (Mary,) and while their father was also named Amram (Imran), this does not mean that the parents of both Prophet Moses and The Virgin Mary were the same. However, the outcome of this result is still unknown for certain.

the Hebrew name "Merriam" The original name for Mary. In the Qur’an, Mary is called the daughter of Imran, and sister of Aaron. This made some Jews and Christians claim that the Qur’an didn't make a difference between the time of Moses and Jesus but there is a hadith. To clarify this issue Al-Mughira reported:

"When I came to Najran, they (the Christians of Najran) asked me: You read " O sister of Aaron " in the Qur'an, whereas Moses was born much before Jesus. When I came back to the prophet I asked him about that, he said: The (people of the old age) used to give names (to their children) after the names of Apostles and pious persons who had gone before them" Meaning that Aaron here was not Moses' brother but another one. Al-Baghawi also cites a narration from Al-Kalbi that Aaron referred to here was a brother of Maryam through her father, and he was the most righteous man amongst children of Israel in that time.

The Quran states Jesus came after the Jewish prophets of Israel. So, according to the Quran, there is a long distance between Moses and Jesus. "Then in the footsteps of the prophets, We sent Jesus, son of Mary, confirming the Torah revealed before him." Surah Al-Ma'idah.

The birth of Mary is mentioned in the Quran in various chapters. Her father Imran () is also mentioned in the Quran. The Quran says that Hannah and Imran were old and had no children for years. One day Anne saw a bird feeding her young. Seeing this made Anne want a child for herself. She prayed to Allah for a child. She promised that if her prayers were answered, her child's life would be dedicated to the service of Allah. Anne also prayed for her child to be protected from the "touch" of Satan (; ).

The Quran says that Mary grew up in the temple of prayer and had a special place of her own in the temple. The Quran states that there was a cast of the dice to decide who would become the guardian of Mary. The person chosen through this process was the Prophet Zechariah. Often, when Zechariah would visit the chamber of Mary, he would find her with quantities of food. He always asked her where she had obtained the food, and Mary would always answer: "Allah provides to whom he will." As a prophet, Zechariah would not have questioned this response because he would have known that Allah is the provider of all things in life and, indeed, of life itself.

The birth of Isa and the Annunciation of Mary are very important to Islam. They are considered to be some of the most important miracles of Allah. The first mention of the Annunciation following the Birth of Isa is in sura 19 (Maryam) ayah 20. The Quran tells us that the Angel Gabriel (, al-Ruḥ al-Quds, Jibra'il) came to the Virgin Mary and told her that she would soon be pregnant with a holy child. The Virgin Mary asked how it would be possible for her to become pregnant when no man had touched her. The Angel Gabriel replied that nothing is impossible for Allah, and that the Birth of Jesus would be a sign for all mankind. The birth is mentioned later at sura 66 (At-Tahrim) ayah 12, where the Quran says that the Virgin Mary remained pure while Allah created Isa inside her womb.

The Quran speaks of the virgin birth of Isa many times. The Quran also states that Jesus was created when Allah breathed on Mary while her body was chaste.

The Quran's narrative of the birth of Isa is different from that of Jesus as found in the New Testament. The Quran says that Mary was suffering childbirth pains, when she saw a nearby palm tree and held on to it. While she was holding on to the tree, she heard a voice that seemed to come from the earth beneath the tree. The voice said, "Grieve not! Thy Lord hath provided a rivulet beneath thy feet. Shake the trunk of the palm-tree towards thyself and It will drop its fresh ripe dates upon thee." Mary then promised not to speak with any man that day. 

Later, after Isa's birth, Mary brought him to the temple. All of the men in the temple mocked her, except Zechariah, who believed in the virgin birth. The Israelites demanded to know how she could possibly have had a baby without a man, whereupon the Virgin Mary responded by pointing to Jesus who then spoke his first prophecy.


"O Mary! Worship your Lord devoutly: prostrate yourself".


"O Mary! Bow down in prayer with those men, who bow down." This is believed to be the command to Mary by the Angels.


"O Mary! God has chosen you and purified you and again he has chosen you above all women of all nations of the worlds"


Mary is believed to have been buried in a tomb at the foot of the Mount of Olives in the Kidron Valley. This tomb is known today as the Tomb of the Virgin Mary.

Knockout

Knockout, also known as the knockout game and knockout king, is a violent activity played by teenagers. The object of the game is to render unconscious (knockout) an innocent pedestrian with one punch. The game can result in serious injuries or death for its victims. Players face criminal charges.

In 1992, a teen stabbed an MIT student through the heart, killing him. In another case, a St. Louis, Missouri teenager allegedly attacked a pedestrian who hit his head on the ground and died in hospital. In May 2013, a 51 year-old man died from his injuries after he was attacked in Syracuse, New York, by two teenagers.

Carmine Crocco

Carmine Crocco (June 5, 1830 – June 18, 1905) was an Italian outlaw. He is also known as Donatello and for his brilliant battle skills was nicknamed “Napoleon of the brigands”.

Born in Rionero in Vulture, a town in the Basilicata region, He began the criminal activity after killing a comrade in a brawl during the military service and joined the Garibaldi's expedition of the thousand in 1860 hoping for a pardon. However, his offence wasn't cleared and Crocco was arrested. He escaped from prison with the help of the Fortunato, a bourgeois family linked to the Bourbon dynasty and became the leader of the peasants rebellion in Basilicata, who didn't get any benefit with the political change.

He fought in the service of king Francis II, heading an army of almost 2.000 men and conquering various centers of Basilicata and Campania. In every conquered territory he overthrew the Savoy government and appointed a representative of the Bourbon crown, ordering the badges and ornaments of the fallen king to be once again displayed. 

A skillful guerrilla man, was able to harass the national guards and the Piedmontese soldiers for almost four years but he lose the conflict after being betrayed by his lieutenant Giuseppe Caruso, who revealed his plans and hideouts to the Italian authorities. Thus he fled to the Papal States hoping for help from Pius IX but was arrested by his soldiers. Later was handed over to the Italian government and condemned to death but his sentence was commuted to life imprisonment. 

Crocco died in prison at Portoferraio, Tuscany.

A disputable personality, he is considered by some authors a fierce thief and murderer but many people of southern Italy regard him as a folk hero who represented the suffering of the lower class before and soon after the Italian unification.


Nightstand

A nightstand, (could also be called a night table or bedside table) is a small type of table. It is usually placed next to a bed or somewhere else in a bedroom. It is a coffee table which is used next to a person's bed at night time.

Before flushing toilets became common, nightstands usually had a chamber pot in them. Nightstands which were made a long time ago sometimes had a drawer, and they usually had a small cupboard at the bottom. 

Nightstands used today usually also have a drawer. Things like lamps, alarm clocks, mobile phones, water or medication, which could be useful during the night, are often put either on top of or inside nightstands.

French, Italian and Spanish antique nightstands usually have a drawer and a small cupboard with only one door. They can also have special finishes, like bronze.

It is thought that the word "nightstand" was first used in 1892. 

Rob Bourdon

Robert Gregory Bourdon (born January 20, 1979) is the drummer and youngest member of the rock band Linkin Park. Bourdon was born in Calabasas, California and now lives in Los Angeles. He grew up in the same town as the members of Incubus and Hoobastank. Bourdon started to play drums after watching an Aerosmith concert. His mother, Patty, is friends with Joey Kramer, Aerosmith's drummer. They also dated when the were much younger. This friendship meant they were able to go backstage and see the entire production. Kramer also gave Bourdon a kick pedal.

In his early teen years, Bourdon played in a few bands with his friends. It was around that time that he met his current Linkin Park bandmate, Brad Delson. They played together for about a year in a band called Relative Degree. Their goal was to play at the Roxy Theatre. After achieving their goal with a sell-out show, Relative Degree eventually broke up.

Bourdon once dated actress Shiri Appleby. He dated actress Vanessa Lee Evigan, starting in 2001 but has been single since at least early 2008. His birthday was featured on an episode of iTunes' LPTV. On January 20, 2004, Linkin Park played a show in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the band can be seen joking around backstage and saying that it is Bourdon's twentieth. Bourdon's favorite songs to play are "In the End", "Tinfoil" and "The Little Things Give You Away". His hobbies include playing the piano (although he has never done so for a Linkin Park recording) and surfing.

Bourdon wears racing shoes to get a better feel for the drum pedals; he says it gives him better control of the pedals. He also said that the song "Easier to Run" was the most difficult to play because he had to approach the drums very differently in which he was able to record the song in a few takes.

Jayne Mansfield

Jayne Mansfield (born Vera Jayne Palmer; April 19, 1933 – June 29, 1967) was an American movie, stage, and television actress. She was also a nightclub entertainer, a singer, and one of the early "Playboy" Playmates. Mansfield became a major Broadway star in 1955, a major movie star in 1956, and a major celebrity in 1957.

Mansfield was the only child of Herbert William Palmer (1904–1936) and Vera Jeffrey Palmer (1903–2000). She was born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. Her father was of German descent and her mother was of English descent.

After her father's death in 1936, Jayne, her mother, and stepfather Harry Lawrence Peers moved to Dallas, Texas. After high school graduation, she studied acting at Southern Methodist University and the University of Texas at Austin.

While in college, she had a number of small jobs such as hat check girl and nightclub photographer. She won many beauty pageants. She performed in local theater productions around Austin.

In 1955, Mansfield went to New York City. She appeared in the Broadway production of "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" The critics praised her performance. She appeared in 400 plus shows of the play between 1955 and 1956.

She went to Hollywood in 1956. 20th Century Fox signed her to a six-year contract in an effort to replace the troubled Marilyn Monroe. Her first starring movie role was Jerri Jordan in "The Girl Can't Help It" (1956).

During production, she still appeared on Broadway in "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" The movie studio finally bought out her contract, and shut the show down. In 1957, she appeared in a movie version of the play.

Mansfield's movies include "The Wayward Bus" (1957), "Too Hot to Handle" (1960), and "Promises! Promises!" (1963). She won the Golden Globe for Most Promising Newcomer - Female for "The Wayward Bus". On television, she made guest appearances on drama series, game shows, variety shows, and many talk shows.

Mansfield was one of Hollywood's original blonde bombshells. When the demand for big-breasted blonde bombshells decreased in the early 1960s, she became a box-office has-been.

She remained a popular celebrity however. Her nightclub acts and summer theater appearances attracted crowds. She made cheap "indies" and European melodramas and comedies.

Mansfield became the first major American actress to have a nude starring role in a Hollywood movie. The movie was "Promises! Promises!". Hugh Hefner published nude photographs of Mansfield on the movie set in the June 1963 issue of "Playboy". He was tried in Chicago city court on obscenity charges, but was acquitted.

Mansfield married public relations professional Paul Mansfield in 1950. They had one daughter, Jayne Marie Mansfield. The couple divorced in 1956. Jayne kept "Mansfield" as her professional name.

She married actor-bodybuilder Mickey Hargitay in 1958. They had three children, Miklós Jeffrey Palmer Hargitay, Zoltán Anthony Hargitay, and Mariska Magdolna Hargitay. They divorced in 1963.

She married Italian-born movie director Matt Cimber (a.k.a. Matteo Ottaviano, né Thomas Vitale Ottaviano) in 1964. They had one son, Antonio Raphael Ottaviano (Tony Cimber). The couple separated in 1966. Their divorce was pending when Mansfield was killed in 1967.

Mansfield was killed in a car crash in June 1967. She was going to New Orleans for a television interview when her car crashed into the back of a truck. Her lover Sam Brody and her driver Ronnie Harrison were also killed. Three of her children - Miklós, Zoltán and Mariska - escaped death with minor injuries. An urban legend about Mansfield being decapitated in the crash is untrue. She was buried on July 3 in Pennsylvania. Her gravestone is heart-shaped.

Edward Doty

Edward Doty (c. 1599 – August 23, 1655 in Plymouth, Massachusetts Bay Colony).

Edward Doty was a passenger on the historic 1620 voyage of the "Mayflower". He was a servant to Stephen Hopkins. Hopkins was making his second journey to the New World having travelled for ten years under Capt. John Smith at Jamestown in Virginia Colony.

Doty was born in England. It is thought he was from East Halton in Lincolnshire. According to author Charles Banks, Doty lived in London at some point and traveled with another Londoner, Stephen Hopkins, as his servant.

Edward Doty left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land 21 November at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

Doty was one of two indentured servants of Stephen Hopkins. The other servant was Edward Leister. They travelled with Hopkins and his family.

When they landed the men went to find a place where they could live and grow crops. One of the first exploration missions included William Bradford, John Carver, Myles Standish , Edward Winslow, John Howland, Richard Warren, Stephen Hopkins and Edward Doty. According to William Bradford, they left in a small board in below freezing weather. Many of the men were already ill. Bradford wrote that when they set sail the salt spray froze on their coats, as if they had been glazed. Of this group Hopkins was the most experienced, having seen Native Americans during his time at Jamestown. During this trip the "Mayflower" men came upon some Native Americans who appeared to be cutting up a large whale. The Natives ran when they saw the men. The men camped while trying to protect themselves and stay warm. 

In late 1620, Doty went with Stephen Hopkins and others on other explorations of the Cape Cod area.

Doty was one of the "Mayflower" passengers that has left a record of his personality. He had a quick temper that sometimes caused him trouble. Some said he was an unfair businessman. People who made trouble were often banished from Plymouth. Isaac Allerton was forced out. Doty must have changed for the better because he lived in Plymouth his whole life.

Edward Doty became a rich land owner with servants himself. At times, he could be disagreeable with others. This caused him to be in the Plymouth court many times.

Doty’s first problem with the law came after the Pilgrims had begun building their settlement. In June of 1621 Doty fought a duel (with a sword and dagger) with Edward Leister. Edward Leister was the other servant of Stephen Hopkins. The result was that one man was wounded in the hand and one in the thigh. Their punishment was to be tied head and feet together for one day without food or drink. But soon their master Stephen Hopkins felt sorry for them and asked to end their punishment. He promised they would change their behavior. The Governor let them free.

In the 1623 Division of Land, Doty received 1 acre of land. After that he received 20 acres more. He also purchased much land and became quite wealthy. Some of his land in Plymouth is where the Mayflower Society House now stands.

Doty received some cattle in the 1627 Division of the Cattle. At that time he had finished his term of service to Stephen Hopkins. His name as “Edward Dolton”, is listed with the family of John Howland and wife Elizabeth. In Plymouth Colony records, Doty’s name was also spelled variously as Doten (Mayflower Compact), Dotey (1626 Purchasers and 1643 bear arms lists), Dolton (1627 Division of the Cattle), and Dowty (1633/34 tax lists). 

The 1632 records of the Plymouth Court has twenty-three cases that mentions Edward Doty. There were complaints that he cheated people, said bad things about people which were not true, fought with people, and stole. Doty was never punished except for paying small fines. This means that most of the cases were found to be untrue or very minor cases. Except for the duel in 1621, he never had any physical punishment. Physical punishment could have been whipping, branding, banishment, prison and public punishment.

Except for his occasional court cases, Doty lived a normal life as a freeman, paying his taxes and all his debts. He received some special property rights and benefits from being classed as a “first comer” or "Mayflower" passenger.

The joined with other members of the community in a town meeting of February 10, 1643. He was assigned with George Clark, John Shaw, Francis Billington and others to build a wolf trap in the town of Plain Dealing.”

Doty's name appears on the August 1643 Able to Bear Arms (ATBA) List. It is spelled “Edward Dotey”. This was for the protection of the colony against unfriendly Indians or other enemies.

Edward Doty married Faith Clarke. They had nine children.

The parents of Faith Clarke on January 9, 1635 were Thurston (Tristram) and Faith Clarke. They arrived in Plymouth Colony on the ship “Francis” in 1634. Many of Doty’s court cases involved Thurston and George Clarke. He had many disagreements, including fights with the family of his wife. Bradford wrote that Doty by a second wife has seven children, and all are living. They had two more children after he wrote that.

The children were named Edward, Thomas, John, Samuel, Desire, Isaac, Elizabeth, Joseph, Mary.

Edward Doty made out his will on May 20, 1655. Doty said that he was sick but still had a good memory. His will was witnessed by John Howland, John Cooke, James Hurst, and William Hoskins. Doty signed his will with a mark because he never learned to write.

Edward Doty died on August 23, 1655 in Plymouth, Massachusetts Bay Colony and was buried at Burial Hill Cemetery where there is a memorial stone for him.


Chum Bucket

The Chum Bucket is a fictional restaurant in the television series "SpongeBob SquarePants". It is in the city of Bikini Bottom. The restaurant is run by a plankton named Sheldon J. Plankton. It does not get a lot of customers. This is because it sells a food called chum, which cannot be eaten.

Plankton's wife, Karen, is a computer. She often appears on the wall of the back room of the Chum Bucket. The Krusty Krab is the Chum Bucket's rival across the street. The Krusty Krab sells delicious food, hamburgers called Krabby Patties.

Mahinda Rajapaksa

Mahinda Rajapaksa (born 18 November 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from 21 November 2019 until 9 May 2022. Before, he was the disputed Prime Minister from 26 October to 15 December 2018. He was also the 6th President of Sri Lanka. He was president from 19 November 2005 to 9 January 2015.

On 3 May 2022, opposition leaders declared a motion of no confidence aimed at Rajapaksa and his cabinet. He resigned six days later on 9 May 2022 following massive protests against his government. 

Race movie

Race movie is an American movie genre. Such movies were made by African Americans for African Americans. Casts were all-African Americans. These movies ran in African American theaters. Oscar Micheaux is the most famous producer, writer, and director of race movies.

Ted Manson

Theodore "Ted" Manson (October 23, 1926 – June 1, 2008) was an American actor. His career lasted over 30 years.

Manson was born in Columbus, Ohio on October 23, 1926. He graduated from West High School. He attended both Ohio State University and John Carroll University. In the 1950s he started acting with the Players Club and the Ohio State University Players. 

After working in a real estate, he returned to acting in 1979. He appeared on the television shows "In the Heat of the Night" and "Matlock". He appeared in Hollywood movies, including "Elizabethtown", "" and "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button".

Manson died from complications of lung cancer on June 1, 2008 in Atlanta, Georgia, aged 81.

The Betrayal

The Betrayal (1948) is an American race movie written, produced, and directed by Oscar Micheaux. It is based on his book "The Wind From Nowhere" (1943) and his movie "The Homesteader" (1919). The movie tells of the tangled relationships among African American farm people in South Dakota. It stars Leroy Collins in his one and only movie role. The movie was poorly received among both white and black critics. No print is known to exist. It is considered a "lost" movie. It was the first race movie to open in a white theater.

Martin Eden is a successful African American farmer in South Dakota. He is in love with Deborah Stewart. He believes that she is white and that she is not interested in him. He is unaware that Deborah loves him.

Martin goes to Chicago to look for a wife. He meets Linda. They fall in love and marry, and then return to Martin’s farm. They have a baby. Their happiness ends when Linda’s jealous father tells her that Martin is homicidal. She runs away from the farm with the baby and returns to Chicago. Martin finds her in the city. Linda shoots him during a fight.

In South Dakota, Deborah learns she is African American. She goes to Chicago and meets Linda. Linda agrees to divorce Martin so he can marry Deborah. Linda gives her baby to Deborah to raise. Martin and Deborah return to South Dakota. Linda kills her father for his role in ruining her marriage.

Computer animation

Computer animation (or CGI animation) is the art of using computer graphics for animation, creating moving images in either 2D or 3D. 


Jean Stapleton

Jean Stapleton (born Jeanne Murray; January 19, 1923 – May 31, 2013) was an American actress. She was known for her role as Edith Bunker in the 1970 comedy show "All in the Family". 

Stapleton was born on January 19, 1923 in New York City, New York. She studied at Hunter College. 

Stapleton was married to William H. Putch from 1956 until his death in 1983. They had two children. 

Stapleton's brother, Jack Stapleton, was a stage actor. Her cousin is actress Betty Jane Watson. Stapleton was active in the Christian Science church.

Jean was not, as commonly believed, related to actress Maureen Stapleton.

Stapleton died on May 31, 2013 in her home in New York City, New York of natural causes, aged 90. She was survived by her two children, John, a TV director, and Pamela, a TV producer.

Norman Lear said, "No one gave more profound 'how to be a human being' lessons than Jean Stapleton." Actress Roseanne Barr said that Stapleton's range was "unbelievable, deep and majestic." Co-star and BAFTA- and Oscar-nominated director and producer Rob Reiner said, "Working with her was one of the greatest experiences of my life." Sally Struthers said, "Jean lived so in the present. She was a Christian Scientist who didn't say or think a negative thing ... She was just a walking, living angel."

Her interment was at Lincoln Cemetery in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.

The marquee lights on Broadway were dimmed for one minute on June 5, 2013 at 8 p.m. EDT to honor the memory of Stapleton.

At the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards, Rob Reiner honored the career and life of Stapleton.


Hal Fishman

Harold "Hal" Fishman (August 25, 1931 – August 7, 2007) or also known as The Flying Anchorman; was a local news anchor in the Los Angeles area. He served on-air with Los Angeles-area television stations continuously from 1960 until his death in 2007. He also acted in movies as a news reporter such as in "Spider-Man 3".

Fishman was born on August 25, 1931 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Cornell University and at the University of California, Los Angeles. Fishman was married to Nolie Fishman until his death in 2007. They had one son, David. Fishman died on August 7, 2007 in Los Angeles, California from liver and colon cancer, aged 75. 


Norman Lear

Norman Milton Lear (July 27, 1922 – December 5, 2023) was an American television writer and producer. He produced 1970s sitcoms including "All in the Family", "Sanford and Son", "One Day at a Time", "The Jeffersons", "Good Times", and "Maude".

Lear won many awards, including six Primetime Emmy Awards, two Peabody Awards, the National Medal of Arts in 1999, the Kennedy Center Honors in 2017, and an honorary Golden Globe Award in 2021. He was a member of the Television Academy Hall of Fame.

Lear was known for his political activism and supporting liberal and progressive causes and politicians. In 1980, he founded the organization People for the American Way to push against the influence of the Christian right in politics. 

In 2001, Lear and his wife, Lyn, purchased one of the first published copies of the United States Declaration of Independence for $8.1 million. Lear said he went on a tour with the document around the United States so that the country could experience its "birth certificate" firsthand.

Lear was born on July 27, 1922 in New Haven, Connecticut to a Jewish family. He studied at Emerson College. Lear was married to Charlotte Rosen until they divorced. Then he was married to Frances Loeb from 1956 until they divorced in 1986. He was married to Lyn Davis from 1987 until his death.

In 2014, Lear published a memoir titled "Even This I Get to Experience".

Lear died in his Los Angeles, California home on December 5, 2023, aged 101. The cause of death was cardiac arrest caused by heart failure.


Stan Freberg

Stanley Victor "Stan" Freberg (August 7, 1926 – April 7, 2015) was an American author, comedian, puppeteer, radio personality, voice actor and advertising creative director. His career began in 1944. He was still active in the industry in his mid-80s, nearly 70 years after he started.

Freberg was born on August 7, 1926 in Pasadena, California. He studied at Alhambra High School. Freberg was married to Donna Freberg from 1959 until her death in 2000. He had been married to Betty Hunter since 2001. He had two daughters with Donna.

In 1985, Paul McCartney said that Freberg was an influence to The Beatles’ "anarchic humor".

Freberg died on April 7, 2015, at the age of 88 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California from pneumonia.


X (Kylie Minogue album)

X is the tenth studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It is her first album released since the compilation "Ultimate Kylie" (2004), and her first studio album since "Body Language" (2003). The album was released on 21 November 2007 by Parlophone Records.


Cinquecento

Cinquecento (in English: Five hundred) is an Italian term used to describe the Italian Renaissance of the 16th century, including the related styles of art, music, literature, and architecture. It is considered the century when Italy was the leader in the European civilization 

In the Cinquecento the most important center of culture in Italy was Rome, while Florence suffered from the Girolamo Savonarola rebellion and the end of the Medici power in the city.

Indeed, in Rome the Pope promoted a huge art program (like the construction of St. Peter Cathedral and the Sistine Chapel) that brought to the eternal city artists of the level of Michelangelo, Raphael, Cellini, and Bramante.
Michelangelo Buonarroti was one the most famous artists in the Cinquecento Italy: he was a painter, sculptor, architect, poet, and engineer. Along with Leonardo da Vinci, he was often called a "Renaissance man" which means that he had great talent in many areas. Michelangelo lived an extremely busy life, creating a great number of artworks. Some of Michelangelo's works are among the most famous that have ever been made. They include two very famous marble statues, "the Pieta" in Saint Peter's Basilica and "David" which once stood in a piazza in Florence but is now in the Accademia Gallery. His most famous paintings were huge frescos, the Sistine Chapel Ceiling and the "Last Judgement". His most famous work of architecture was the east end and dome of Saint Peter's Basilica.

Only Venice in Italy was able to reach a similar level to the one of Rome, mainly in paintings: Bellini, Giorgione and Tiziano created their masterpieces in this century.

The tuscan Leonardo da Vinci lived the last years of his life in the Cinquecento. He created in this century two of his pictures that are among the best-known paintings in the world: the "Mona Lisa" and the "Last Supper".

In 1532 The Prince -a masterpiece of Italian literature- was published: it was a political treatise by the Italian diplomat, historian and political theorist Niccolò Machiavelli.

In architecture the Cinquecento is famous because of Andrea Palladio (1508–80), "the most influential architect of the whole Renaissance". Palladio was to transform the architectural style of both palaces and churches by taking a different perspective on the notion of Classicism. While the architects of Florence and Rome looked to structures like the Colosseum and the Arch of Constantine to provide formulae, Palladio looked to classical temples with their simple peristyle form.

When he used the “triumphal arch” motif of a large arched opening with lower square-topped opening on either side, he invariably applied it on a small scale, such as windows, rather than on a large scale as Alberti used it at Sant’Andrea’s. This Ancient Roman motif is often referred to as the "Palladian Arch".

The second half of the Cinquecento was characterized by the development of the "Umanesimo", related even to science discoveries like the one done by Galileo Galilei in astronomy and critical thoughts like those of Giordano Bruno.

Historically the Cinquecento is characterized by the end of the process of unification of Italy, because of the French invasions and the "Sack of Rome" in 1527. Later in the century Italy was devastated by the "Italian wars" done mainly between France and the emerging Spain (a new country that enjoyed the richness and power from the discovery of America done by Cristoforo Colombo), that divided between themselves the Italian peninsula and its "Rinascimento richness".



Mickey Hargitay

Miklós "Mickey" Hargitay (January 6, 1926 – September 14, 2006) was an actor and Mr. Universe 1955. He was born in Budapest, Hungary. He was married to Jayne Mansfield. He is the father of actress Mariska Hargitay. During their marriage, Hargitay and Mansfield made four movies together. These were "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" (1957), "The Loves of Hercules" (1960), "Promises! Promises!" (1963), and "L'Amore Primitivo" (1964).

Hargitay was born and raised in Hungary. He was an acrobat in an act with his brothers. He was soccer player and a speed skater. He was an underground fighter during World War II. Hargitay left Hungary after the war. He moved to the United States where he settled in Cleveland. 

He married Mary Birge. He had an acrobatic act with her. They had one child, Tina, born in 1949. Hargitay worked as a plumber and carpenter. He begin bodybuilding after seeing a magazine cover of Steve Reeves. 

Hargitay became NABBA Mr. Universe in 1955. He joined Mae West's muscleman show at the Latin Quarter nightclub in New York City. He married Jayne Mansfield in 1958. They divorced in 1964. He is the first to receive the Joe Weider Lifetime Achievement Award. In May 2006, he received the Muscle Beach Hall of Fame Award.

Hargitay's first movie role came when Jayne Mansfield demanded he have a part in her newest movie, "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" (1957). The two had met the year before at "The Mae West Show" at the Latin Quarter nightclub. When Jayne saw Mickey on the stage, she told the waiter, "I’ll have a steak and that tall man on the left." 

The two fell head over heels in love. They were never seen apart. 20th Century Fox didn't want Hargitay in "Rock Hunter", because they hated Mansfield's idea of Hargitay as her "only" lover. Fox liked their sex symbols to be single. But when Jayne told the studio that she would turn the movie down, they gave in and let Hargitay appear in a bit part. 

In 1960, Jayne and Mickey would play the lead roles in "The Loves of Hercules". The movie was shot in Italy. It was never released in the United States. Over the next few years Mickey and Jayne, together, would appear in, "Promises! Promises!" (1963) and "L'Amore Primitivo" (1964). In 1965, Mickey, only, would have the lead role in "Bloody Pit of Horror". There was a part in the movie written for Mansfield, but the two divorced before shooting began. Hargitay also acted in the 1988 movie, "Mr. Universe".

Hargitay's last acting appearance was in an episode of his daughter Mariska's series, "". In the episode "Control" (2003), Hargitay played a man on a subway station escalator who witnesses the aftermath of a brutal assault. Mariska's character, Olivia Benson, is later seen interviewing him.

His first marriage was to Mary Birge. Together they had a daughter Tina Hargitay (b. 1949). They divorced on September 6, 1956.

Hargitay and Mansfield married on January 13, 1958. They had three children: Miklós Jeffrey Palmer Hargitay (b. December, 21 1958), Zoltán Anthony Hargitay (b. August 1, 1960), and Mariska Magdolna Hargitay (called Maria, b. January 23, 1964). 

Hargitay remodeled much of his and Mansfield's Beverly Hills mansion, "The Pink Palace". He built its famous heart-shaped swimming pool. In November 2002, the house was razed by developers. 

In May 1963, Mickey and Jayne divorced in Mexico. The divorce was ruled invalid. The two reconciled in October 1963. After Mariska's birth, Mansfield sued for the Mexican divorce to be declared legal. She won. The divorce was recognized in the United States on August 26, 1964. After Mansfield's death in a car crash on June 29, 1967, Hargitay sued Jayne's estate for over $5,000 to support the children. In their divorce decree, she had agreed to pay child support and to give him approximately $70,000 in cash and property. 

Hargitay married Ellen Siano in September 1967. They were married until his death.

He died in Los Angeles on September 14, 2006, aged 80, from multiple myeloma. The "Los Angeles Times" noted in Hargitay's obituary:


Goliath and the Barbarians

Il terrore dei barbari (English: Goliath and the Barbarians) is a 1959 peplum movie. It was directed by Carlo Campogalliani. The movie stars Steve Reeves as "Goliath". It is about the Barbarian invasions of Italy in AD 568. 

American International Pictures released the movie in the US with new music by Les Baxter. AIP invested $20,000 in the movie to help the producers complete it, and were rewarded when it became a big hit. The movie earned $1.6 million in North America during its initial release.

Barbarians attack and destroy an Italian village. One man, Emiliano (Reeves) survives. He swears revenge and wages a one man war against the tribes. He is helped by Landa (Chelo Alonso), the daughter of the Barbarian leader. Alboino is played by Bruce Cabot.

Hercules Unchained

Hercules Unchained is a 1959 peplum movie starring Steve Reeves. It is a sequel to "Hercules", also starring Reeves.

380

380 was a leap year.




381

381 was a common year.




382

382 was a common year starting on Saturday.




383

383 was a common year starting on Sunday.




386

386 was a common year staring on Thursday.




387

387 was a common year starting on Friday.



388

388 was a leap year.




389

389 was a common year starting on Monday.




G0 phase

The G phase (called the G zero phase) or resting phase is a period in the cell cycle in which cells are inactive. Cells enter G phase from G and stop dividing. Some cells, such as neurons, remain in G for indefinite period. Some cells enter G phase semi-permanently, such as some cells of the liver and kidney. Many cells do not enter G and continue to divide throughout an organism's life, e.g. epithelial cells.

Conductor

Conductor might mean:


Nanette Fabray

Nanette Fabray (October 27, 1920 – February 22, 2018) was an American actress and comedian. She began acting around age 3. Fabray starred in many movies and television programs. She was aunt of actress and singer Shelley Fabares. Nanette Fabray was born in San Diego, California.

Fabray died at her home in Palos Verdes, California on February 22, 2018 of natural causes at the age of 97.

Eve Arden

Eve Arden (born Eunice Mary Quidens; April 30, 1908 – November 12, 1990) was an American actress. Her career lasted almost sixty years. She acted in many movies and television programs. She died from colorectal cancer and heart disease. Arden was born in Mill Valley, California.

Imogene Coca

Imogene Fernandez de Coca (or Imogene Coca; November 18, 1908 – June 2, 2001) was an American actress and comedian. She was nominated for Emmy Awards five times. Coca was born in Philadelphia. She died in Westport, Connecticut due to Alzheimer's disease at age 92.

Ruth Gordon

Ruth Gordon Jones (or just simply Ruth Gordon; October 30, 1896 - August 28, 1985) was an American writer and actress who was extremely known by movie roles that she performed past age 70. She played Minnie Castevet in the movie "Rosemary's Baby". She also played Maude in "Harold and Maude". She received an Academy Award, two Golden Globes and an Emmy Award for her acting. Ruth Gordon was born in Quincy, Massachusetts. She died from a stroke in Edgartown.

Isabel Sanford

Eloise Gwendolyn Sanford (also known as Isabel Sanford; August 29, 1917 - July 9, 2004) was an American movie, television and stage actress. She acted in several notable sitcoms. She played Louise "Weezy" Jefferson in "The Jeffersons" (January 1975 - June 1985). She also had many movie roles.

Sanford was born in Harlem, New York. She died in Los Angeles from natural causes at age eighty six.

Boston Pops Orchestra

The Boston Pops Orchestra are an American orchestra band that represent light classical and popular music and are based from Boston. The orchestra was founded around 1885 and consists of many musical players. The current director is Keith Lockhart.

Bottle opener

Bottle opener is a tool which is used to open bottles. 

It is also a second class lever.

Juice Newton

Judy Kay Newton (known as Juice Newton; February 18, 1952) is an American pop and country singer. She has gotten five Grammy Award nominations. She won a Grammy in 1983. She has several gold or platinum albums in her credit, including the albums "Juice" and "Quiet Lies". Newton was born in New Jersey.


SNCAC NC.860

The SNCAC NC.860 is a French twin-engine light aircraft. It was built in 1949 at just one example. It was built by Société Nationale de Construction Aéronautique du Centre also known like SNCAC.

Edward Fuller

Edward Fuller ( 1575winter of 1620/21) was a passenger on the 1620 voyage of the "Mayflower". He signed the Mayflower Compact. Fuller died with his wife soon after the passengers came ashore to their new settlement at Plymouth but their sons lived. 
Fuller was baptized in Norfolk, England on September 4, 1575. He was the son of Robert Fuller, a butcher.

There is very little known about Edward Fuller's life in England. He had a brother Samuel who also travelled with him on the "Mayflower". He married, but his wife's name is not known. They had two sons, Matthew in 1605 and Samuel in 1608.

Fuller and his brother lived in Leiden for some time as did many other English Separatists. Separatist were people who did not believe in the Church of England.

In 1651 William Bradford wrote a list of the "Mayflower" passengers which included “Edward Fuller, and his wife, and Samuell, their son.”

The "Mayflower" left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 21 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. The "Mayflower" was headed for Virginia Colony, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. The wrote the Mayflower Compact which was a list of rules on how they would live and treat each other. Fuller signed that document.

Bradford kept a written record of the new settlement at Plymouth. He wrote that: “Edward Fuller and his wife died soon after they came ashore. Their son Samuel is living and married, and has four children or more.” After the death of his parents, Samuel, then about age twelve, was taken into the household of his uncle, Samuel Fuller.

The date of death for Fuller and his wife are unknown. It was during the winter of 16/20 and 16/21. They were buried in the Coles Hill Burial Ground in Plymouth. They are remembered on the Memorial as “Edward Fuller and his wife.”

Edward had two sons: Matthew and Samuel. Samuel went to live with his uncle and became a doctor. Matthew came over to Plymouth Colony sometime after his parents.

William Gopallawa

William Gopallawa (17 September 1897 - 31 January 1981) was the first President of Sri Lanka. He was the last Governor-General of Ceylon from 1962 to 1972 before independence from the United Kingdom. Gopallawa was the 1st President of Sri Lanka from 1972 to1978. After his presidency, the next president was J. R. Jayewardene. 

He represented an era where politics was conducted with a dignified aura and he had a reputation as being a man of integrity and humility. He served as Governor-General during different governments headed by the SLFP led regime of Sirimavo Bandaranaike and the United National Party led regime of Dudley Senanayake. He upheld the law and the constitution to the letter and won respect and admiration of all political parties. William Gopallawa was born on 17 September 1897 at the Dullewe Maha Walauwa, Dullewe in the Matale District of Ceylon. He is related to Dullewe Dissava, a signatory on behalf of the Sinhalese to the Kandiyan Convention of 1815

75 (number)

Seventy-five is a natural number. It comes after seventy-four and before seventy-six.
25 * 3 is 75.
75 is a self number because there is no integer that adds up to its own digits adds up to 75. It is the sum of the first five pentagonal numbers, and therefore a pentagonal pyramidal number, as well as a nonagonal number. As the number 75 is a composite number, it has many factors other than one and the number itself. Thus, the factors of 75 are 1, 3, 5, 15, 25 and 75. What are the Multiples of 75? So, the first 10 multiples of 75 are: 75, 150, 225, 300, 375, 450, 525, 600, 675 and 750. 75 is a multiple of 3 
multiples of 3: 3,6,9,12,15,18,21,24,27,30,33,36,39,42,45,48,51,54,57,60,63,66,69,72,75,78,81,84,87,90,93,96,99. 
The number 75 is divisible by 1, 3, 5, 15, 25, 75.

J. R. Jayewardene

Junius Richard Jayewardene (, ; 17 September 1906 – 1 November 1996), commonly abbreviated in Sri Lanka as J.R., was the second president of Sri Lanka. Jayewardene introduced the Executive Presidency in 1978, and assumed the position of President of Sri Lanka.

Reginald Scot

Reginald Scot (ca. 1538-1599) was an English writer. He was born in Kent, England. He studied law, and served as a justice of the peace. His first book is "Perfect Platform of a Hop-Garden". This book is about growing hops. His second book is "The Discoverie of Witchcraft" (1584). This book takes a skeptical look at witches and witchcraft. It also exposes the tricks used by charlatans and magicians to fool people. Scot's purpose in writing the book was to prevent old, ill, and simple people from being charged with witchcraft. This book is important because it was one of the first to move away from medieval superstition in the Renaissance.


Bob Steele

Bob Steele (Robert Adrian Bradbury; January 23, 1907 – December 21, 1988) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Carson City Kid", "Island in the Sky", "Rio Bravo", "Hang 'Em High", "Rio Lobo", and in the television sitcom "F Troop".

Steele was born on January 23, 1907 in Portland, Oregon. He was raised in Hollywood, California. Steele was married to Louise A. Chessman from 1931 until they divorced in 1933. Then he was married to Alice Petty Hackley from 1935 until they divorced in 1938. Then he was married to Virginia Nash Tatem from 1939 until his death in 1988. He had no children. Steele died on December 21, 1988 in Burbank, California from emphysema, aged 81. 


Allen Ludden

Allen Ludden (Allen Packard Ellsworth; October 5, 1917 – June 9, 1981) was an American television personality and game show host. Ludden was well known for hosting many game shows. He hosted "Password" and "Password Plus" between 1961 and 1980.

Ludden was born on October 5, 1917 in Mineral Point, Wisconsin. He was raised in Mineral Point, Wisconsin and in Chicago, Illinois. Ludden studied at the University of Texas. 

Ludden was married to Margaret McGloin from 1943 until her death in 1961. Then he was married to Betty White from 1963 until his death in 1981. Ludden died on June 9, 1981 in Los Angeles, California from stomach cancer, aged 63.

 

Zebibyte

A zebibyte (ZiB) is a large unit of measurement for computers of the future. Zebibytes hold 1024 exbibytes (EiB) or 1,180,591,620,717,411,303,424 bytes.

1024 zebibytes make 1 yobibyte.

Yobibyte

A yobibyte (YiB) is a large unit of measurement for computers of the future. Yobibytes hold 1024 zebibytes (ZiB) or 1,208,925,819,614,629,174,706,176 bytes.

Conus

Conus is a large genus of small to large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs, with the common names of "cone snails", "cone shells" or "cones".

Shaped, as the name suggests, like a cone, many species have colorful patterning on the shell surface. "Conus" snails are mostly tropical in distribution. Geologically speaking, the genus is known from the Eocene to the present.

All "Conus" snails are venomous. They hunt and eat marine worms or molluscs. The larger ones prey on small bottom-dwelling fish. Cone snails use a hypodermic-like modified radula tooth and a venom gland to attack and paralyze their prey before eating it. The tooth is sometimes likened to a dart or a harpoon. It is barbed and can be extended some distance out from the mouth of the snail, at the end of the proboscis. They can "sting" humans, and should be handled with great care or preferably not at all.

Cone snail venoms are mainly peptides. The venoms contain many different toxins that vary in their effects; some are extremely toxic. The sting of small cones is no worse than a bee sting, but the sting of some larger species can be serious, occasionally even fatal to humans. Cone snail venom may be a source of new, medically important substances. 

Some Cone snails are no longer living, like Conus adversarius. 

Ben Johnson (actor)

Ben Johnson, Jr. (June 13, 1918 – April 8, 1996), or Son Johnson, was an American actor. He was mostly known for being in Western movies such as "Hang 'Em High". He was also a world champion rodeo cowboy, stuntman, and rancher. Johnson won an Academy Award for his role on "The Last Picture Show".

Johnson was born on June 13, 1918 in Foraker, Oklahoma. He was of Irish descent. Johnson was married to Carol Elaine Jones from 1941 until her death in 1991. They had no children. Johnson died on April 8, 1996 in Mesa, Arizona from a heart attack, aged 77. 


Inflation (cosmology)

In physical cosmology, the idea of inflation is a proposed theory that would explain many features of the present-day universe, including the existence of large-scale structures such as galaxies. The theory was proposed by Alan Guth in the 1970s. 

Based on the Standard Model of Cosmology, the universe has been and is expanding. The classical Big Bang theory assumes that the universe expanded at the same rate throughout universal history. Inflation says that the universe "has not" always expanded at the same rate, and that the universe has experienced many periods of brief but immense expansions in which the size of the universe nearly doubled. These periods, as said, were extremely short, lasting less than a second. After a single period, the expansion slowed down until the next rapid inflation came and, again, massively increased the size of the universe. 

The main problem solved by inflation is the origin of large-scale structures, such as galaxies. Inflation theory says that in a slow expansion of the universe, quantum fluctuations were only on the tiny distance scales; when the universe experienced a brief period of inflation, however, these quantum fluctuations are "stretched" much larger to cause density fluctuations. The places of higher density later caused matter to clump in those locations and form large-scale objects. 

Another problem is that of temperature uniformity in the universe: why is the temperature so evenly distributed? Inflation says that objects that were previously in close proximity to one another were separated very quickly during a period of inflation, so the temperature balance was still held. In the classical Big Bang theory this was a problem because the uniform expansion would mean that objects would have to travel many times the speed of light to maintain temperature balance. 

Another problem that inflation possibly solves is the problem of magnetic monopoles. Why do we no longer see magnetic monopoles in our universe? Inflation says that the few existing monopoles were so dispersed during periods of inflation that it is virtually impossible to find them now. 

Inflation theory uses General relativity to model the inflation mathematically. The metric of inflation theory is

formula_1

The main prediction of inflation theory is that particles called inflatons are created from a scalar field from Quantum field theory. These inflatons would drive the inflation periods of the universe, but they quickly decay so the inflation periods are not very long at all. It was initially thought that the Higgs boson was an inflaton, but that has recently been discredited. 

Inflation theory also suggests that there might be other universes. People's argument for the idea of multiverse is in a nutshell ""If inflation caused our universe, could it not also cause many other universes as well?"" . This prediction has no empirical basis, but it has been explored in modern physics.

Inger Stevens

Inger Stevens (born Inger Stensland; October 18, 1934 – April 30, 1970) was a Swedish-American actress who was best known for her role as Katy in the television sitcom "The Farmer's Daughter".

Stevens was born on October 18, 1934 in Stockholm, Sweden. She was raised in New York City, New York and in Manhattan, Kansas. Stevens studied at the Manhattan High School and at the Actors Studio. 

Stevens was married to Anthony Soglio from 1955 until they divorced in 1958. Then she was married to Ike Jones from 1961 until her death in 1970. Stevens committed suicide after drinking barbiturate (poison). She died on her way to the hospital in Hollywood, California on April 30, 1970, aged 35.


Conidae

Conidae is a family of minute to quite large sea snails. They are marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Conoidea. Their beautiful shells are highly collectible.

The snails within this family are sophisticated predatory animals. The snails have eyes, and are active hunters. They immobilize prey with a modified radular tooth. The tooth delivers venom with neurotoxins; it is launched out of the snail's mouth in a harpoon-like action.

There have been many suggested changes to the classification of cone shells, and the details are still under investigation. The very large genus "Conus" has 600 species, and there are six other subfamilies.

Scansion

Scansion is the act of describing the rhythms of poetry by dividing the lines into feet and marking the location of stressed and unstressed syllables.

Bellona

Bellona was an Ancient Roman goddess of war.

All Roman Senate meetings about foreign war were held in the Templum Bellonae.

Bellona's festival was celebrated on June 3. She was married to Mars or the Greek god named Ares

Ranasinghe Premadasa

Ranasinghe Premadasa (; ; 23 June 1924 – 1 May 1993) was the third President of Sri Lanka. He was president from 2 January 1989 to 1 May 1993. Before that, he served as the Prime Minister in the government headed by J. R. Jayewardene from 6 February 1978 to 1 January 1989. Premadasa was assassinated by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam with a suicide bomb.

Dingiri Wijetunga

Sri Lankabhimanya Dingiri Banda Wijetunga (,; 15 February 1916 – 21 September 2008) was the fourth President of Sri Lanka from 1 May 1993 to 12 November 1994, Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from 3 March 1989 to 7 May 1993 and the Governor of North Western province, Sri Lanka from 1988 to 1989. He was awarded Sri Lanka's most highest award to a civilian Sri Lankabhimanya in 1993 by President Ranasinghe Premadasa

Heptathlon

Heptathlon is an athletics event meaning 7 contests. The male and female events are different. It has been an Olympic event for women since 1984.
It consists of:

As of 2013, Jessica Ennis is the current Olympic Gold medalist in Heptathlon.
As of 2018, Swapna Barman is the current Gold medalist in Asian Games. 

Elkanah Settle

Elkanah Settle (1648-1724) was an English poet and playwright. He was born at Dunstable, Bedfordshire, England, the son of Josias Settle. In 1666, he went to Trinity College, Oxford, but did not take a degree. 

His first tragedy was "Cambyses, King of Persia" (1667). It was the first English play to have its climax reached in a musical scene with an original score. It is believed to be the first play printed in England with illustrations. 

Settle was briefly involved in politics when the succession of Catholic James II to the throne was being debated. He served briefly in James's army. He then abandoned politics. 

In 1691, he was named City Poet of London. His last days were spent as a poor brother in the Carthusian Order. He may have performed in street fairs as a dragon in a green leather suit. He died in 1724.



Thomas Sackville

Thomas Sackville, 1st earl of Dorset, (1535/6-1608) was an English playwright, poet, statesman, and the Chancellor of Oxford University. He was the son of Sir Richard Sackville, a member of the court of King Henry VIII of England. He married Cicely Baker in 1555.

Sackville was a London barrister, and entered Parliament in 1558. He was a member of the Privy Council in 1585. In 1586, he delivered the death sentence to Mary, Queen of Scots. He served on diplomatic missions to The Hague. In 1591, Sackville became Chancellor of the University of Oxford. He served as lord high treasurer, a life appointment, from 1599 to 1608. He died of a stroke. 

Sackville is famous for "Gorboduc" (1563), the first English tragedy written in blank verse. He wrote this play with Thomas Norton. Sackville's two great poems, "Induction" and "Buckingham's Complaint", were published in "The Mirror for Magistrates" (1563). The play and the two poems make Sackville one of the major English poets and playwrights. 



Kay Francis

Kay Francis (January 13, 1905 - August 26, 1968) was an American actress. She first performed on Broadway. She was in many movies. She was the number one movie star at Warner Brothers. Frances was born in Oklahoma City. She died from breast cancer in New York City.

Tisha Campbell

Tisha Campbell (born October 13, 1968) is an American television actress. She played Gina Waters in the series "Martin" (August 1992 - May 1997). She also played Sydney in the "House Party" movies. Campbell was born in Oklahoma City, though raised in Newark, New Jersey.

Phoenician alphabet

The Phoenician alphabet was an alphabetic script that was used in the territories of modern-day Lebanon, Syria and Palestine from about the 12th century to the 5th century BC. It was written right to left. Only consonant sounds are written down, some versions have "helpers" for certain vowels.

It was used to write languages such as Phoenician and Aramaic. The script was developed from the earlier Proto-Sinaitic script. Later, the script developed into the Ancient Greek script. Most alphabetic scripts in use today are derived from the Phoenician alphabet.

Before using the modern Arabic numerals, the Arabic language used a system where each letter also had a numeric value; this system is known as Abjad.

930

930 was a common year.



931

931 was a common year.




932

932 was a leap year.




933

933 was a common year.



934

934 was a common year.




935

935 was a common year.




938

938 was a common year.




Electronic waste

Electronic waste or e-waste is electronics that have been discarded. This includes any electronics e.g. computers, power tools and etc.

E-waste is a concern for every country in the 21st century. Because of Moore's law, the rule that states transistor numbers double every two years, people upgrade computers every 3 years on average. People usually throw away their old laptops, cameras, computers, cell phones and televisions. This creates a large amount of practically useless waste. Most countries have methods to combat e waste and find a use for obsolete technology. Some items are refurbished for use. 

Adding up the billions of computer users in the world, over 30 million tons of e-waste is created nearly every year, along with a few billions of tons of other waste.

Abderrahman Ait Khamouch

Abderrahman Ait Khamouch (born November 9, 1986) is a T46 Paralympic track and field athlete from Spain. He runs in 800 meter, 1,500 meter, 5,000 meter and marathon races. He was born in Morocco, and he later moved to Spain. He became a citizenship in August 2008. He ran for Spain at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics, and he finished second in the 1,500 meters and third in the in the 800 meters in 2008, and finished second in the marathon in 2012.

Ait Khamouch was born on November 9, 1986 in Morocco. He has an arm amputation. His arm was amputated after he fell when he was a child. The fall caused more medical problems. He eventually got gangrene. The doctors had to amputate his right arm at his shoulder.

When Ait Khamouch was 15 years old, he tried to enter Spain illegally three times via boats from Laayoune to the Canary Islands. During these trips, he saw people die. On try number four, he got a boat to Fuerteventura and entered Spain in 2001. Next, he traveled to Madrid and then to Barcelona with friends on the train.

When Ait Khamouch first got work in Barcelona, he worked at a parking lot. He got Spanish citizenship on August 25, 2008.

Ait Khamouch wrote an autobiography in Arabic titled "The Angel with the Crooked Wing." It was translated into Spanish. He speaks Spanish, French and Arabic.

Ait Khamouch is a Paralympic track and field athlete. He runs in 800 meter, 1,500 meter, 5,000 meter and marathon races. His first race was a race created French tourists in his hometown in Morocco. He won the race, and the prize of a small blue truck. After the race, he talked to the Morocco Paralympic Committee about competing in athletics, but Moroccans said no. After he got to Spain, he took part in a race in Barcelona organized by El Corte Inglés in 2003. He did well and people took notice. He then raced in other races in the area. The Athletics Federation of Catalonia and others helped Ait Khamouch get Spanish citizenship in time for him to represent Spain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.

The first athletics club Ait Khamouch belonged to in Spain was the Athletic Club Nou Barris. In 2004, he competed the Spanish Paralympic national championships where he finished first in the 800 meters. In 2005, he got a scholarship from the Spanish Paralympic Committee. In 2008, he trained at the Center for High Performance San Cugat (Barcelona). He competed in the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships. He was one of thirty-two competitors from Spain at the competition. In 2012, he got a €2,500 coaching scholarship. He lost part of his Catalonian scholarship a year and a half before the London Paralympics. Ait Khamouch said the loss of the scholarship was politically motivated. In 2012, he set a world record at the Barcelona Marathon. He also set a qualifying time in the event for the London Paralympics at the Barcelona Marathon. In 2012, he competed in the Barcelona half marathon and he set a personal best time.

Ait Khamouch competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. He finished second in the men's 1500 metres — T46 event and finished third in the men's 800 metres — T46 event. Four years later, he competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, Great Britain. There he won a finished second in the men's marathon — T46 event. His top three finish at the 2008 Games was the first time, Paralympic or Olympic, that some one had finished in the top three by some one from Ait Khamouch's hometown in Morocco. His parents watched him compete on television in Morocco.

Ait Khamouch finished second at the London Paralympics in the T46 marathon event because he had a coughing fit with 400 meters left in the race. He was running with a cold.

Gorboduc

The Tragedy of Gorboduc is the earliest English tragedy in blank verse. It was written by Thomas Sackville and Thomas Norton. The writers took the story of the play from Geoffrey of Monmouth's "History of the Kings of Britain" (1138). The play premiered before Queen Elizabeth I on 18 January 1561. It was first printed in 1565. It was printed again in 1570 as "The Tragedy of Ferrex and Porrex".

The play is about a good king named Gorboduc. He gives his kingdom away during his lifetime to his sons. The sons quarrel over the throne. Porrex, the younger son, kills his brother, Ferrex. Their mother, Queen Videna, avenges the death of her older son by murdering Porrex. Gorboduc and Videna are then killed by their horrified former subjects.

Norton wrote the first three acts; Sackville wrote the last two. The playwrights took the tragedies of the Latin writer Seneca as their model, but ignored the classical unities of time and place. They used Classical elements such as the Chorus and the Messenger, but added non-Classical elements such as dumb shows (pantomimes) before each act. 


SpongeBob SquarePants (season 9)

Season 9 of "SpongeBob SquarePants" began on July 21, 2012. It was the first season in widescreen high definition.

Previous season: 8

Next season: 10

Abel Avila Rodríguez

Abel Avila Rodriguez (born November 9, 1986 in Manresa) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is B3/T13 type athlete. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 800 meter T12 race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the 800 meter T12 race. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 1,500 meter race. 

Home Secretary

The home secretary in the United Kingdom is a senior minister of the British Government and the head of the Home Office. Since 13 November 2023, the office has been held by James Cleverly. He is responsible for immigration, the police and other matters relating to the safety of the United Kingdom. 

The shadow Home Secretary is Yvette Cooper.

Ignacio Avila Rodríguez

Ignacio Avila Rodriguez (born January 19, 1979 in Manresa) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is T12/B2 type athlete. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 X 400 meter T11-T13 race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the 1,500 meter race. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

Pontefract

Pontefract is a town in West Yorkshire, England. It is part of the City of Wakefield. It has about 28,000 people. It is famous for its Liquorice flavoured Pontefract cakes.


David Barrallo Fuertes

David Barrallo Fuertes (born June 4, 1973 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability and is T44 type athlete. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 4 X 400 meter T42-T46 race. He finished fourth in the 200 meter race. He finished fifth in the 400 meter race. 

David Casinos Sierra

David Casinos Sierra (born February 15, 1972 from Valencia) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and is T11/F11/B1 type athlete. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the shot put and fourth in the discus. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the shot put and seventh in the discus. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the shot put and fifth in the discus. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the discus and fifth in the shot put. 
In 2012, he had a €23,000 athlete scholarship with a €3,000 reserve and a €2,500 coaching scholarship.


Elena Congost Mohedano

Elena Congost Mohedano (born September 20, 1987 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and is T12/B2 type athlete. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished 7 in the 200 meter race. She raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She finished 6 in the 1,500 meter race. She also raced in the 800 meter race and finished 6 in the semifinal. She raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the 1,500 meter race. 

Pedro Cordero Martin

Pedro Cordero Martin (born January 28, 1972 in Barcelona) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC2 type athlete. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He was part of the Spain team in the BC1-BC2 boccia team game. His team finished third. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

Francisco Javier Beltrán Manero

Francisco Javier Beltran Manero (born November 5, 1972 in Madrid) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC1 type athlete. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished third in the one person BC1 boccia game. He finished second in the BC1/BC2 team boccia game. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

José Javier Curto Gines

Jose Javier Curto Gines (born December 31, 1964 in Madrid) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC2 type athlete. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished first in the one person BC2 boccia game. 

José María Dueso Villar

Jose Maria Dueso Villar (born October 30, 1974 in Valencia) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability, and is a BC4 type athlete. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished three in the one person BC4 game. He played against a boccia player from Slovakia when he finished three. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

Governorate of Dalmatia

The Governorship of Dalmatia (or "Governatorato di Dalmazia" in Italian) was a territory united to the Kingdom of Italy in April 1941, after the military conquest of the Jugoslavian Dalmatia by Italian general Vittorio Ambrosio during WWII. It lasted until September 1943.

The Governorship of Dalmatia was made up of parts of coastal Kingdom of Yugoslavia that were occupied and annexed by Italy from April 1941 to September 1943. Italy already had, since 1919, the Italian Province of Zara ("Provincia di Zara") on the Dalmatian coastline with Zara as capital and the island of Lagosta (actually called Lastovo) after World War I (for a total area of about 200 square kilometers).

The creation of the Governorship of Dalmatia fulfilled the requests of the Italian Irredentism, that already were expressed during the "Incidents of Spalato". But not all of Dalmatia was annexed by Italy, as the German puppet state - the Independent State of Croatia - took some sections of the Dalmatian areas, though the Italian army held control over all of Dalmatia.

The Kingdom of Italy divided the Governorship into three Italian provinces: "Zara" (Zadar), "Spalato" (Split) and "Cattaro" (Kotor), but never created officially an Italian region with the name "Dalmatia" (waiting for the future peace conference). While the Governorship was not officially a region of Italy, the northern Dalmatian islands of Krk ("Veglia") and Rab ("Arbe") were united to the Italian province of Fiume and became part of the Kingdom of Italy.

In September 1941 Benito Mussolini, ordered the military occupation of the entire Dalmatian coast and islands (like Ragusa, Lissa, and Pago) that belonged to fascist Croatia of Ante Pavelić: he tried to annex those areas to the Governorship of Dalmatia, but was temporarily stopped by the strong opposition of Pavelić, who retained nominal control of those areas.
The Governatorate of Dalmatia consisted of three provinces: Zara, Cattaro and Spalato. The administrative capital was Zara. After autumn 1941 also the Dalmatian islands of Pago and Lesina were annexed. These islands were occupied militarily by the Italian army, along with an area of fascist Croatia that was off the coast of Segna to the center of Bosnia (near Sarajevo and Banja Luka).
After the Kingdom of Italy changed sides to the Allies in 1943, German forces took over the area. This territory was not given to the fascist Italian Social Republic (which was a puppet state of Nazi Germany), but instead completely dissolved and added to the puppet Independent State of Croatia. Zara remained Italian (even under control of the German Army) until 1945. The city suffered a terrible bombing in 1944. 



Álvaro Galán Floria

Alvaro Galan Floria (born January 28, 1977 in Madrid) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC2 type athlete. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He was on the BC1/BC2 team from Spain. His team finished second. In the first - second finish game, South Korea finished first by a score of 7-6. 

951

951 was a common year.




952

952 was a leap year.




953

953 was a common year.




APG

APG is an abbreviation. Some of the things it can mean are:


Are We Not Men? We Are Devo!

Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo! is the first album released by the American new wave music band Devo. This album was produced by Queen guitarist Brian May, recorded mostly in London, England and released in the U.S. by Warner Bros. Records company in 1978.

The album received mixed reviews from critics when it was released. It reached number 12 on the UK album charts and number 78 on the U.S. "Billboard" charts. Recent reviews of the album have been mostly positive. This album is included on many "best of" lists from magazines such as "Rolling Stone", Pitchfork Media and "Spin".

Devo played the whole album live on stage for the first time on May 6, 2009. It was a part of the Don't Look Back (concert series)|Don't Look Back concert series. On September 16, 2009, Warner Bros. and Devo said they would re-release "Q: Are We Not Men?" and "Freedom of Choice", and that Devo would tour and perform both albums.

The first reaction by critics to "Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo!" was mixed. Tom Carson, wrote in "Rolling Stone" that "There's not an ounce of feeling anywhere, and the only commitment is to the distancing aesthetic of the put-on", and opined that "Devo lacks most of May's warmth and much of Bowie's flair for mechanized melodrama. For all its idiosyncrasies, the music here is utterly impersonal." Critic Robert Christgau gave the album a positive rating of a B+, but noted, "In small doses it's as good as novelty music ever gets, and there isn't a really bad cut on this album. But it leads nowhere." It was voted one of the best albums of the year in the "Village Voice"'s Pazz & Jop critics poll for 1978. In January 1980, "Trouser Press" also named it one of the best albums of 1978.

Later reception of the album has been mostly positive. Steve Huey of the online music database Allmusic scored the album four and a half "stars" calling it "arguably Devo's strongest set of material, though several brilliant peaks can overshadow the remainder", and "a seminal touchstone in the development of American new wave." "Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo!" is on "best of" lists, including "Spin"'s 50 Most Essential Punk Records, Pitchfork Media's top 100 albums of 1970s and "Rolling Stone"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
It is also listed in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die".




Album


Geosynchronous orbit

A geosynchronous orbit is an orbit at a height of above sea level on the Earth. At this height, the orbit takes 24 hours, so it is "in sync" with the land on Earth (the 'geo' part of geosynchronous). 

The geostationary orbit is the most common type of geosynchronous orbit. This is right above the equator, so the satellites in this orbit do not swing north or south, but stay perfectly still above a point on the equator. This is useful for communication satellites (including satellite TV).

Geosynchronous also includes orbits that are not above the equator, but since every orbit goes around the center of the Earth, the satellite must spend an equal amount of time north of the equator as it does south of the equator, so it appears to slide up and down when viewed from the Earth.

Manuel Angel Martin Perez

Manuel Angel Martin Perez (born January 30, 1980 in Portugos) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC2 type athlete. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He played in the one person BC2 game and he finished thir. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, England. 

Localhost

Localhost means "this computer" in computer networking. On most computers codice_1 resolves to the IP address codice_2 in IPv6 and codice_3 in IPv4. The localhost is useful for programmers to test software independent of a network connection. Using the localhost bypasses the network card in a computer.

Applied science

Applied science is about using the findings of science to do something. In the natural sciences, this is done by engineering. In sciences such as psychology, this can mean using theoretical findings to improve a test method, for example.

Applied research is generally done to solve a problem. Applied chemists invented refrigerants long ago to cool things. Some refigerants escape into the atmosphere and damage the ozone layer, so chemists have developed new refrigerants in another example of applied research. This work not driven by a desire to know, but by a desire to solve a specific problem.


John Howland

John Howland (c. 1591 – February 23, 1672/3) was a passenger on the "Mayflower". He was an indentured servant to John Carver and travelled with him when they left England to settle in the New World. He signed the Mayflower Compact and helped to build Plymouth Colony.

John Howland was born in Fenstanton, Huntingdon, England around 1591 and was the son of Margaret and Henry Howland, and the brother of Henry and Arthur Howland. The brothers travelled later from England to Plymouth.
The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. The first few days had good weather. They ran into a great storm with heavy winds and large waves. For days the ship could not use it's sails. The first mention of him was by William Bradford. During the storm Howland was walking on deck and was washed overboard by a large wave. He somehow caught a rope and was pulled to safety. In all there were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21.

They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

When the "Mayflower" landed several men went to land to try to find a place where they could live. One of the earliest exploration missions included William Bradford, John Carver, Myles Standish, Edward Winslow, John Howland, Richard Warren, Stephen Hopkins and Edward Doty. Hopkins was the most experienced. He had seen Native Americans when he was at Jamestown. According to Bradford, they set off in below freezing weather, many of the men already being ill, "and when the set sail the salt spray froze on their coats, as if they had been glazed". During their trip they saw Indians who looked like they were cutting up a large whale. When the Indians saw the men they ran away. The men camped and protected themselves from the cold and the Indians.

Half of the Pilgrims died by the end of the first winter. Howland lived with the Carver family The following spring, on an very warm day in April, Governor Carver was planting corn when he came out of a cornfield feeling ill and he soon died. Carver was much loved by the passengers. He was a wealthy man who very hard worked along with all of the pilgrims. Bradford wrote Carver had worked himself to death. After Carver's death, Howland became a freeman. This meant that he could own his own land and could vote in Plymouth affairs. Howland was given an acre for each member of the Carver household including himself and Elizabeth Tilley, Desire Minter, and a boy named William Latham.

Howland was one of eight settlers who agreed to help to pay the colony's debt to the men in England who had paid for the voyage. From 1641 to 1655 Howland was voted deputy to the Massachusetts General Court. He was elected again in 1658.

Howland went with Edward Winslow to exploration of Kennebec River (in current day Maine), looking for possible fur trading sites and natural resources that the colony could use. While Howland was in charge of the colony's trading post, an sad incident happened there. William Bradford wrote was that it was "one of the saddest things that befell the Pilgrims." A group of traders from the Piscataqua River, was led by a man named John Hocking. Hocking started to trade in an area that did not belong to him. Howland warned Hocking to depart, but Hocking, took out a pistol and refused. Howland ordered his men to set the canoe adrift. The Plymouth men managed to cut one cable when Hocking put his pistol to the head of Moses Talbot, one of Howland's men, and shot and killed him. Another of the Howland group shot Hocking.

In Plymouth the Howlands lived on the north side of Leyden Street. They lived in other places such as Duxbury and Kingston where they had a farm. The farm burned down in 1675 during King Philip's War. By that time, John had died and Elizabeth moved in with her son, Jabez.

Until Bradford's "Of Plymouth Plantation" was discovered in 1856, it was presumed that John Howland's wife, formerly Elizabeth Tilley was the adopted daughter of Carver's. Actually her parents, uncle and aunt came to the New World but died of sickness during the first winter.) This mistake was even recorded on a gravestone that was erected for Howland on Burial Hill, in 1836.

They had ten children. Desire, John, Hope, Elizabeth, Lydia, Hannah, Joseph, Jabez, Ruth and Isaac.
John Howland died February 23, 1673 at the age of 80. He had outlived all other male "Mayflower" passengers except John Cooke, son of Mayflower passenger Francis Cooke. He is buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth, Massachusetts.


10,000

10000 (10,000, or simply ten thousand) is the number after 9999 and before 10001. The Ancient Greeks gave it the name myriad.

101 (number)

101 is a number. It comes between 100 and 102. 101 is a prime number.

In Binary and BCD -code, 101 means number 5.
The product of any 2 digit number and 101 will always be in the form of abab.

76 (number)

Seventy-six is a number. It comes after seventy-four and before seventy-seven. It is also divisible by 1, 2, 4, 19, 38, and 76.

Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator

Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator (1972) is a children's book by British author Roald Dahl.

The book continues directly from the events of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". Willy Wonka has just given his factory to Charlie. In a flying machine known as the Great Glass Elevator, they crash through the roof of Charlie's house and tell his family the good news.
On their way to the factory, the elevator makes a noise. Charlie and his family find themselves in orbit around the Earth. An adventure begins with Willy Wonka leading the way.

 

Team Hell No

Team Hell No were a tag team in WWE. The team was made up of Kane and Daniel Bryan. 

They were champions from "No Way Out" 2012 to "Extreme Rules" 2013. The team split up on the June 17 episode of Raw because both of them announced that they had intentions of becoming WWE Champion.

Madison, South Dakota

Madison is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Lake County. It became a city in 1885, and 6,474 people lived there at the 2020 census. Madison is home to Dakota State University.


Chandrika Kumaratunga

Chandrika Kumaratunga (born 29 June 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician. She was the leader of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party until 2005. She was the fifth president of Sri Lanka. She survived many assassination attempts.

Chandrika was born into a political family. Her parents were Solomon Bandaranaike and Sirimavo Bandaranaike, who both served as Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. Her father was the fourth Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. He was murdered in 1959, when Chandrika was 14 years old. Her mother was the first woman in the world to serve as head of government.

Chandrika studied at Saint Bridgets Convent in Colombo. While her mother was head of government, Chandrika was the chairwoman of the National Estate Development Board. In 1977 she was married to the movie actor, Vijaya Kumaranatunga. They had two children together: Yasodara and Vimukthi. In 1984, her husband formed a new political party, the Sri Lanka Mahajana Party. Chandrika became an active member of it. She left the country in 1988 immediately after the murder of her husband. She returned in 1992 and joined the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.

Chandrika contested the provincial council elections in 1993. She became the chief minister of the Western Province. She was the most popular person in the 1994 general elections, which her party won. She became the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka on 19 August 1994. She became the president of Sri Lanka with a record number of votes a few months later, on 12 November 1994. Her mother took over as Prime Minister.

She won the next presidential elections in 1999 with a good share of the votes. Her prime minister under this term was Ratnasiri Wickremanayake.

Chandrika survived an attack from a suicide bomber in 2000. In 2001 some of her cabinet ministers crossed over to the opposition and Chandrika was forced to dissolve Parliament and call an election several years early. Her party lost to the United National Party at the election. However, Chandrika would continue in office as the executive president. In 2004, she dissolved Parliament and called a general election and was able to win this time.

She retired from politics in 2005. Mahinda Rajapaksa replaced her as president.

Yankton, South Dakota

Yankton is a city in and the county seat of Yankton County, in the southern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It became a city in 1889, and 15,411 people lived there at the 2020 census. Yankton is located near the Missouri River.


Yuki Kato

Yuki Anggraini Kato (born 2 April 1995 in Malang, East Java, Indonesia) is an Indonesian actress. Yuki Kato became known after starring in the soap opera "Primata Cantik". In addition to being the main character in the soap opera series "Heart" and "My Love", Yuki Kato also starred in "Jodoh Arietta" as the sister of Raffi Ahmad's character.




Munenori Kawasaki

Munenori Kawasaki (川﨑 宗則, Kawasaki Munenori) (born June 3, 1981) is a former Japanese baseball player. He last played for the Wei Chuan Dragons in 2019.

He has also played for the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks of Nippon Professional Baseball, from 2001 to 2011. He also played for the Seattle Mariners, and the Toronto Blue Jays. He also played for the Japanese national baseball team in the 2008 Summer Olympics and both the 2006 and 2009 World Baseball Classics.


Civil Rights Act of 1957

The Civil Rights Act of 1957, Pub.L. 85–315, 71 Stat. 634, enacted September 9, 1957, was a law in the United States. The act did not create new rights. It was primarily a voting rights bill. It was the first civil rights law made by the United States Congress since Reconstruction following the American Civil War.

This act stated that all Americans had the right to vote, even African Americans.

The Mirror for Magistrates

The Mirror for Magistrates is a collection of English poems from the Tudor period. The first edition was published in 1559. These poems were written by different writers. The poems are about the lives and the tragic ends of historical figures. They are concerned with expounding the proper behaviour of a prince and the proper relation between ruler and ruled. In taking characters from the time of Richard II to that of Henry VIII and making them speak of their fortunes, the authors seek to show a mirror, in a way, to those who govern regarding the consequences of good or bad governance. The best poems are "Induction" and "Buckingham's Complaint" by Thomas Sackville.

Boysenberry

A boysenberry is an aggregate fruit. It has large seeds and a maroon color. It is commonly used in jams and pies. When cooked into jams and pies, it changes color.

It is not a natural species: it is a cultivated variety. A boysenberry is a cross between a European raspberry ("Rubus idaeus"), a common blackberry ("Rubus fruticosus"), an American dewberry ("Rubus aboriginum") and a loganberry ("Rubus" × "loganobaccus").

Edgar Bronfman Sr.

Edgar Miles Bronfman (June 20, 1929 – December 21, 2013) was a Canadian-American businessman. He is a member of the Bronfman family.

Bronfman was born on June 20, 1929 in Montreal, Québec, Canada. He studied at Williams College.

Bronfman was married to Ann Loeb from 1953 until they divorced in 1973. Then he was married to Lady Carolyn Townshend from 1973 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Rita "Georgiana" Webb until they divorced. Then he was married to Jan Aronson from 1994 until his death in 2013. Bronfman has seven children.

Bronfman died on December 21, 2013 from natural causes in Manhattan, New York City, aged 84.


Carmel-by-the-Sea, California

Carmel-by-the-Sea, often called simply Carmel, is a municipality in Monterey County, California, United States. It was founded in 1902 and incorporated on October 31, 1916. Carmel is on the Monterey Peninsula. It is known for its natural scenery and rich artistic history. Actor Clint Eastwood was mayor of Carmel-by-the-Sea for two years. 

McCormick Place

McCormick Place is the largest convention center in North America. It consists of four interconnected buildings on and near the shore of Lake Michigan. It is about 4 km (2.5 mi) south of downtown Chicago, Illinois, USA. McCormick Place hosts many trade shows and meetings. The 2012 NATO Summit in Chicago was held at McCormick Place. President Barack Obama made his 2012 election victory speech speech there. It was named after Cyrus McCormick.


Million Dollar Password

Million Dollar Password is a television game show that aired on CBS. It is an updated version of the game show "Password". It aired from June 1, 2008 to June 14, 2009. It was hosted by Regis Philbin.

The game is played in two parts. The first part of the game has two contestants and two celebrities. Both contestants play 30-second rounds where they try to get five words from clues given by their celebrity partner. Clues have to be one word. The celebrity can give as many clues as they want for each word. They must wait for a response from the contestant before giving a new clue. Only one clue can be given at a time. After each contestant plays, they switch partners. The contestant who gets the most words after four rounds wins and moves on to the Million Dollar Password round. If the contestants are tied after four rounds, a tie-breaking word is given to both teams, starting with the team who won a coin toss. The contestant who gets the word wins.

This round has a six-step prize ladder with a top prize of $1,000,000. The contestant's celebrity partner is the one who they got the most words with. If they got the same amount of words with both celebrities, their partner is the one that they last played with. The contestant can give or receive the clues for this round. For each step of the ladder, the clue giver has to get their partner to say five words in 90 seconds. Up to three clues can be given for each word. The clue giver can pass on a word, but cannot come back to it.

If the clue giver is successful in getting their partner to say five words, the contestant wins the amount on the level that they are on. They can then decide if they want to take the money they have or go on to the next level. Each level has one less word than the last one. If a contestant fails on a level, the game ends. Failing on the first two levels means that the contestant leaves with nothing. Failing on the $50,000, $100,000 or $250,000 levels means that the contestant leaves with $25,000. If the contestant gets to the $250,000 level, they can play the $1,000,000 level with no risk of losing the $250,000.

If the contestant is giving the clues, starting at the $250,000 level, they are shown the words for that level before they decide if they want to take the money they have or go on to the next level.

Geoffrey of Monmouth

Geoffrey of Monmouth (c. 1095 – c. 1155) was a clergyman and writer. He was probably born in Wales. He was made the bishop of St Asaph on 21 February 1152.

Around 1136 he wrote "Historia Regum Britanniae " in Latin, translated as "History of the Kings of Britain". It is a mythical history which included the first account of King Arthur, Camelot and the Knights of the Round Table.

Stories about in Geoffrey's book helped to make Arthur a popular character. Shakespeare consulted Geoffrey's book when he wrote "King Lear" and "Cymbeline".

As early as 1190, William of Newburgh wrote "it is quite clear that everything this man wrote about Arthur and his successors, or indeed about his predecessors from Vortigern onwards, was made up, partly by himself and partly by others".

940

940 was a leap year.




941

941 was a common year.




942

942 was a common year.




944

944 was a leap year.




540s

Below are some of the important events that happened from 540 to 549.





























Hylobates

The genus Hylobates is one of the four genera of gibbons. It is the most widespread type of gibbon; there are six or seven species. Individuals in this genus are characterized by 44 chromosomes and often have a ring of white fur around their faces.


Royal Military Academy Sandhurst

The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst is the place where the British Army trains their officers. The school is located near Sandhurst, Berkshire, about southwest of London. The Royal Military Academy is comparable to the Britannia Royal Naval College, the Royal Air Force College Cranwell, Commando Training Centre Royal Marines. These other institutions train officers for the British navy, air force and marines. There are both general courses, as well as specialization courses which train specialists, such as medical doctors, veterinaries, nurses and priests. The current institution was formed by combining the Royal Military Academy (RMA) and Royal Military College (RMC), in 1947. 

Peter Coyote

Peter Coyote (Robert Peter Cohon, October 10, 1941) is an American actor, author, director, screenwriter and narrator for movies, theatre, television and audio books. He was born in New York City. In 1992, he won an Emmy Award.

Parametric statistics

Parametric statistics is a branch of statistics. It assumes that in the unknown population, the observations follow a probability distribution. Most of the parameters of the distribution are assumed to be known. Most methods of statistical analysis are of this type. Jacob Wolfowitz was the first to use the term:

Harpoon

A harpoon is a long spear-like instrument used in fishing to catch fish or large marine mammals such as whales. It does this task by impaling the target animal, allowing the fishermen to use a rope or chain attached to the butt of the projectile to catch the animal. A harpoon can also be used as a weapon.

Typically, a harpoon for fishing has backwards-pointing barbs which stop the fish getting free.

Libertarian Party (United States)

The Libertarian Party is a political party in the United States, founded in 1971. The current Chairwoman of the Libertarian National Committee is Angela McArdle of Texas since 2022.

It is the third largest party in the United States in terms of the popular vote in the country's elections and number of candidates run per election, and it is also identified by many as the fastest growing political party in the United States.

The political ideas of the Libertarian Party reflect the ideas of libertarianism: supporting less regulated markets, a less powerful state, strong civil liberties (favoring same-sex marriage and other LGBT rights), the legalization of cannabis, separation of church and state, open immigration, neutrality in diplomatic issues, staying out of other countries' wars, freedom of trade and travel to all foreign countries, and a better democracy. They also support more lenient gun laws.

As of February 2024, there are over 650,000 voters registered as Libertarians. Hundreds of Libertarian candidates have been elected or appointed to public office, and thousands have run for office under the Libertarian banner.

The Libertarian Party has had a number of records, such as being the first party to get an electoral vote for a woman in a United States presidential election. On May 5, 2012, Gary Johnson received the Libertarian Party's official nomination for President of the United States in the 2012 election. In 2016, Johnson once again became the party's nominee with running mate William Weld. In the United States presidential election, 2016 they won more popular votes than ever before. In 2020, Jo Jorgensen became the Presidential nominee with the running mate Spike Cohen.
Given the diverse nature of libertarianism, there are several political factions within the Libertarian Party that have formed caucuses. Currently, the Mises Caucus runs the party.


Notes 9. reference is a dead link

Sandhurst

Sandhurst commonly refers to the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, near the town of Sandhurst in Berkshire, England

Sandhurst may also refer to these places:

Huron, South Dakota

Huron is a city in the eastern part of South Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Beadle County, and 14,263 people lived there at the 2020 census. Huron became a city in 1883.


Nomascus

Nomascus is the second most common genus (biology) of Gibbon. There are six species in the genus. Originally Nomascus was a sub-genus of the Hylobatidae.

Watertown, South Dakota

Watertown is a city in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Codington County, and 22,655 people lived there at the 2020 census. Watertown became a city in 1885.


Vermillion, South Dakota

Vermillion is a city in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Clay County, and it became a city in 1877. Vermillion is the 12th largest city in South Dakota; 11,695 people lived there at the 2020 census. The city is home to the University of South Dakota, a major college in the state.


Redfield, South Dakota

Redfield is a city in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Spink County, and it became a city in 1883. At the 2020 census, 2,214 people lived in the city.


Sackville, New Brunswick

Sackville is a Canadian town in Westmorland County, New Brunswick.

Trudel, New Brunswick

Trudel is a Canadian village in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.

The village is located on the Acadian Peninsula. The community centres around the intersection of Route 135 and Route 325.

Tracy, New Brunswick

Tracy is a Canadian village in Sunbury County, New Brunswick. It is at Route 101 and the Eastern Terminus of Route 645. 

In 2011, it had a population of 611.

The village is on the North Oromocto River, about 40 km south of Fredericton, New Brunswick.

Paquetville

Paquetville is a Canadian village in Gloucester County, New Brunswick. It is located on the Acadian Peninsula, at the intersection of Route 340, Route 135 and Route 350. In 2006, Paquetville had a population of 642.

The village was founded by Monseigneur Paquet in 1873, who brought several parishioners with him from Shippagan.

The village is the home of Édith Butler, who sings the song "Paquetville".
Population trend
Mother tongue language (2006)

St. George, New Brunswick

St. George is a Canadian town in Charlotte County, New Brunswick.

St. George is nicknamed the "Granite Town". It is located on the Magaguadavic River between Passamaquoddy Bay and Lake Utopia. It is 70 km west of Saint John. The Magaguadavic River flows through the town and into a large gorge and the St. George Dam at St. George, with caves in the cliffs on either side.

The town was founded by Peter Clinch, a United Empire Loyalist who emigrated from the United States in 1784. Several granite quarries operated in the 19th and early 20th century.

The town is centered mainly between Route 1 to the North, Route 172 to the south-east along the most southern portion of Route 770.


Lamèque

Lamèque is a Canadian town in Gloucester County, New Brunswick. In 2011, it had a population of 1,432. Lamèque is a French-speaking community. It is located on Lamèque Island, off the northeastern tip of the Acadian Peninsula.

Lamèque's economy is tied to the fishing and peat industries.

It has hosted an annual baroque music festival every summer since 1975.

The Lamèque Eco-Parc is a nearby park that contains many of the plants and animals of the Acadian Peninsula.

Lamèque is also where Vancouver Canucks late player Luc Bourdon was born and raised.


Saint John, New Brunswick

The City of Saint John is the second largest city in the Canadian province of New Brunswick, and the third largest in the maritime provinces.

CBAT CBC

CKLT CTV Television Network

CHNB Global Television Network

Rogers

Moncton

Moncton is a Canadian city in Westmorland County in southeastern New Brunswick. Moncton is the largest city in the Canadian province of New Brunswick, and the second largest in the maritime provinces.

Aberdeen, South Dakota

Aberdeen is a city in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the third largest city in the state; 28,495 people lived there at the 2020 census. The city is home to Northern State University, a major college in the state of South Dakota. Aberdeen became a city in 1882.


Onoway

Onoway is a town in central Alberta, Canada. It is west of Edmonton at the junction of Highway 37 and Highway 43. 

The Canadian National Railway tracks run through the town, which is east of Lac Ste. Anne and south of the Sturgeon River. Onoway built and opened a new elementary school, but the fate of the existing school has not yet been confirmed. Every June, Onoway has a fair weekend, called "Heritage Days".

In the 2011 Census, the Town of Onoway had a population of 1,039. This was an 18.7% increase from its 2006 population of 875. About 375 of its 403 total houses were occupied. In the 2010 municipal census, there was a population of 1,021.

In 2006, Onoway had a population of 875 living in 355 houses, a 3.3% increase from 2001. The town has a land area of and a population density of .

According to the 2001 census:

Bludenz

Bludenz is a city in Vorarlberg. Bludenz was first named in a document from 830. About 14,000 people live there. Archeological findings suggest that there was a settlement from the Bronze age, probably relating to the La Tène culture. 

Today, Bludenz is an important railway hub, at the point where the Klostertal, Brandnertal and Montafon join. It is the start of the railway line that links Vorarlberg to Tyrol, over a mountain pass called Arlberg. In the year 1274, Bludenz was awarded city rights.

Begoniaceae

The Begoniaceae are a family of flowering plants with about 1400-1500 species occurring in the subtropics and tropics of both the New World and Old World. All but one of the species are in the genus "Begonia". The only other genus in the family, "Hillebrandia", is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands and has only one species.

Many varieties (or cultivars) of some species and hybrids of the genus "Begonia" are used as ornamental plants.

Most of the plants in this family are perennial herbaceous plants and very few are shrubs o subshrubs; they are from only a few centimetres to 3 metres tall. Their leaves and stems are succulents, that is, leaves and stems are juicy and store water.

Stems are upright (vertical) and many species form rhizomes or tubers (fleshy, thickened underground stems). In some cases, the stems are very short and the leaves are in a group close to the soil.

The leaves of most species are simple, undivided and with sides more or less unequal; in very few cases they are compound (divided). They are alternate or, when the stem is very short, they are all in a group.

Begoniaceae plants are mostly monoecious, so there are male and female flowers on the same plant; very few are dioecious, with only one kind of flower so the plants are either male or female. Flowers are grouped in inflorescences.

The fruits are capsules (simple, dry fruits) and sometimes berries; they have many very small seeds.

The chromosome number is variable, n=10-21 or more.
The family Begoniaceae was named in 1820 as Begoniae by the Bohemian scientists Friedrich Graf von Berchtold and Jan Svatopluk Presl in "Prirozenosti Rostlin", 1:270, and then in 1824 as Begoniaceae by the Swedish botanist Carl Adolph Agardh, published in "Aphorismi Botanici".

There are two genera in this family:

The New Guinean genus "Symbegonia" Warb. has recently been reduced to a section of "Begonia".

The species of this family are found abundantly in all moist tropical countries, absent only from the Australian tropical forests.

One species, "B. grandis" grows in the temperate zone, growing as far north as near Beijing (China).

Some species, hybrids and cultivars of the genus "Begonia" are used worldwide as ornamental plants in parks, gardens, balconies and as houseplants because they have beautiful leaves and flowers.


Edward Tilley

Edward Tilley was a passenger on the "Mayflower". He was baptized in Henlow, Bedfordshire, England on 27 May 1588. He was the son Robert and Elizabeth Tilley. Edward was a weaver. 

He married Ann (or Agnes) Cooper on 20 June 1614 in Henlow. They had no known children. The Tilleys went to Holland a few years after their marriage. In September 1620, they sailed for the New World on the "Mayflower" with two young relatives of Anne's, Henry Samson and Humility Cooper.

As the "Mayflower" lay off Cape Cod in November 1620, Tilley and other passengers signed the Mayflower Compact. He and his wife died during the winter of 1620-1621.

Vegetative reproduction

Vegetative reproduction is a kind of asexual reproduction. Many plants do it. By vegetative reproduction plants can cover the ground quickly: ground taken by one plant is difficult for other plants to take. This occurs naturally, and can also be done on purpose by horticulturists. 

Vegetative reproduction uses mitosis. This means that the newly created cell is a clone, and identical to the parent cell. Some plants put out new roots underground, have bulbs, or grow new vines and shoots above ground.

By this process, new plants can be grown naturally without any seeds or spores. Therefore, it is widely used especially in agriculture to spread the trees that are of great value to the economy. 

In gardening and farming, vegetative reproduction means cutting a tree branch below its center joint, planting it in some other earth, and letting it form new roots. In this way, many kinds of useful plants can be easily reproduced without any seeds, for example: apple, avocado, banana, cacao, hemp, orange/lemon, date, fig, grape, almond, pineapple, potato, strawberry, sugar cane and tea. 


Pathological liar

A pathological liar is someone who lies as a habit. It is a form of mental illness. The problem was first written about in 1891 by Anton Delbrueck.

The word phrase pathological comes from pathology, a study of the causes and effects of diseases, and also injuries.


Luis Antonio Arevalo Espadas

Luis Antonio Arevalo Espadas (born September 10, 1982 in Miguelturra) is a swimmer from Spain. He is also a student. He has a disability: He is blind and is an S13/SB13/SM13/B3 type swimmer. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He came in third in 4 x 100 meter relay 49 Points swimming race. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. 

CNN en Español

CNN en Español is CNN's Spanish language news channel. On March 17, 1997, CNN launched CNN en Español, a 24-hour Spanish-language news network.


Classical unities

The classical unities, Aristotelian unities or three unities are rules for drama. They are found in Aristotle's "Poetics". These are the three unities:

Thomas Norton

Thomas Norton (1532 – 10 March 1584) was a lawyer, a statesman, and a politician who wrote "Gorboduc", the first English tragedy in blank verse.

Norton was born in London to Thomas Norton, a merchant, and Elizabeth Merry Norton. He went to the University of Cambridge. In 1556, he studied law. He was a Member of Parliament. He was a Calvinist, and tortured Catholics. The English bishops grew to dislike him. He was charged with treason and sent to the Tower of London. He was soon released, but his health had grown poor. In March 1584, he died in his Bedfordshire home.

Norton began to write sonnets and other poems when he was 18. In 1560, he wrote the earliest English tragedy in blank verse, "Gorboduc", with Thomas Sackville. He wrote many anti-Catholic pamphlets. He also translated John Calvin's "Institutes" (1561) and Alexander Nowell's "Catechism" (1570).

Mary Carlisle

Mary Carlisle (born Gwendolyn L. Witter; February 3, 1914 – August 1, 2018) was a retired American actress, dancer and singer. She was known for her roles in "Long Live the King", "Madame Satan", "College Humor", "Double or Nothing", and "Doctor Rhythm".

Carlisle was born on February 3, 1914 in Boston, Massachusetts. She was married to James Blakeley from 1942 until his death in 2007. They had one child. In 2010, aged 98, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Carlisle became the last known sole surviving "WAMPAS Baby Star".

Carlisle died on August 1, 2018 in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles at the age of 104.


Xi Jinping

Xi Jinping (; born 15 June 1953) is a Chinese politician who is currently the leader of the People's Republic of China. As paramount leader, he holds the offices of General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC), the President of the People's Republic of China, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission. As General Secretary, he is also a member of the CPC Politburo Standing Committee, China's top decision-making body.

Xi Jinping is the son of former Chinese Vice Premier Xi Zhongxun and Qi Xin. He rose politically in China's coastal provinces. He was the Governor of Fujian between 1999 and 2002. Between 2002 and 2007, he was Governor and CPC party chief of Zhejiang. After the dismissal of Chen Liangyu, Xi was transferred to Shanghai as the party secretary for a short time in 2007. Xi was promoted to the central leadership in October 2007 and trained to become Hu Jintao's successor.

In November 2012, he was elected as the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission in the CPC convention. In March 2013, he was elected as the President of the People's Republic of China by the Chinese Congress. This started his first term as China's leader.

Chinese leadership changes every 5 years, and it happens roughly in October/November (for CPC and military) and March next year (for government). In October 2017 and March 2018, Xi was re-elected as party, military and government leader. This started his second term.

By tradition in recent decades, the Chinese leader leads two terms (10 years in total). The second term identifies his successor and prepares for the power transfer. However, Xi stopped this tradition and abandoned his potential successors Hu Chunhua and Sun Zhengcai.

On 11 March 2018, the National People's Congress approved an amendment to the Constitution of the People's Republic of China, so that Xi and the future presidents could be reelected for president without term limits.

In July 2018, a trade war started between the US and China. At the early stage Xi showed China's muscle by declaring to fight "a tooth for a tooth". As the conflicts continues to worsen, China softened its stance. There were reports that Xi's authority got damaged by his handling of the trade dispute with US.

Xi was born on 15 June 1953 in Beijing, China. His father held lots of posts, including party propaganda chief and vice premier. He has been married to Peng Liyuan since 1987. They have one daughter, Xi Mingze, who graduated from Harvard University in 2015. Xi lives in Zhongnanhai, China.


José Manuel Rodríguez Vazquez

José Manuel Rodríguez Vazquez (born September 2, 1980 in Cádiz) is a boccia player from Spain. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC3 type athlete. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the two person game and finished second. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

Division of Wilmot

The Division of Wilmot was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Tasmania. It was located in central Tasmania. At various times it included the towns of Deloraine, Beaconsfield, Devonport, Latrobe and New Norfolk.

The Division was named after Sir John Eardley-Wilmot, the sixth Lieutenant-Governor of Tasmania. It was set up for the 1903 election. The division was abolished in 1984, and new boundaries were created. Much of the area is now included in the Division of Lyons.

The most famous member was Joseph Lyons, a Premier of Tasmania, who later became the 10th Prime Minister of Australia. Lyons died while still in office, and a by-election was held for the Division in 1939.

Olaudah Equiano

Olaudah Equiano (c. 1745 – 31 March 1797) also known as Gustavus Vassa or Graves, was an important African involved in the British movement for the abolition of the slave trade. He was made a slave when he was a child but was later able to buy his freedom. He worked as an author, merchant, and explorer in South America, the Caribbean, the Arctic, the American colonies, and the United Kingdom, where he settled by 1792. In his autobiography, "The Interesting Narrative of the Life of Olaudah Equiano", he wrote about the horrors of slavery. This influenced the passing of the Slave Trade Act of 1807.

Tasman Island

Tasman Island is a small island in south-eastern Australia. It is part of Tasmania. It has an area of , and consists of a plateau surrounded by steep cliffs. The plateau is about above sea level, the highest point on the island is about above sea level. In 1905, a lighthouse was built on the island; there is also a weather station. Since 1977, the lighthouse is automatic, and no longer requires people to be on the island. The island is named after Abel Tasman. It is part of Tasman National Park today.

José Vaquerizo Relucio

José Vaquerizo Relucio (born October 10, 1978 in Valencia) is a boccia player from Spain. He has not always had a job. He has a physical disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a BC1 type athlete. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third in the Team BC1-2 game.

The Girl Can't Help It

The Girl Can't Help It is a 1956 American romantic comedy musical movie. It stars Jayne Mansfield as Jerri Jordan. It was produced and directed by Frank Tashlin. It was based on the 1955 book "Do Re Mi" by Garson Kanin. Musical stars Little Richard, The Platters, and others appear in the movie as themselves.

Marty "Fats" Murdock, a slot machine mobster, hires press agent Tom Miller to promote his talentless girlfriend, Jerri Jordan, as a singer. Despite Miller's efforts to dissuade Murdock, he records Jordan singing a prison-themed song and promotes it to a rival in the jukebox industry. Suspicion arises about Miller and Jordan's relationship, but a manipulated phone conversation convinces Murdock otherwise. At Jordan's debut show, Murdock is targeted for assassination, but Miller saves him, and the success of their song leads to Murdock's signing. The film concludes with Miller and Jordan on their honeymoon as Murdock and his associate perform on TV.


German papiermark

The German Papiermark (often just Papiermark) was the money of the Weimar Republic, from 1919 to 1923. On 15 November 1923 it was replaced by the Rentenmark, and in 1924, the Reichsmark became the official money. In 1914, the Gold standard was abolished; there was the First World War. The period when it was used was marked by a high inflation rate. At some time, the "millions" and billions of Mark were written in words, because there was not enough space on the paper.

Roberto Alcaide García

Roberto Alcaide Garcia (born March 22, 1978 in Madrid) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a physical disability: He is a C4/LC2 type cyclist. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He was the first racer to finish in the Individual Pursuit track LC2 race. He finished second in the Combined Road LC2 race. He raced at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He was the second racer to finish in the Individual Pursuit track LC2 race. He was the third racer to finish in the Road Trial LC2 race. He raced at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 

Maya Angelou

Maya Angelou (; born Marguerite Annie Johnson; April 4, 1928 – May 28, 2014) was an American poet, author, writer, memoirist, and civil rights activist. She published seven autobiographies, three books of essays, several books of poetry, and was credited with a list of plays, films, and television shows spanning over 50 years. She received dozens of awards and more than 50 honorary degrees. Angelou was best known for her series of seven autobiographies, which focus on her childhood and early adult experiences. The first, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings" (1969), tells of her life up to the age of 17 and brought her international recognition and acclaim.

Angelou was born Marguerite Annie Johnson in St. Louis, Missouri on April 4, 1928, the second child of Bailey Johnson, a doorman and navy dietitian, and Vivian (Baxter) Johnson, a nurse and card dealer. Angelou's older brother Bailey, Jr., nicknamed Marguerite "Maya," derived from "My" or "Mya Sister." When Angelou was three and her brother four, their parents' "calamitous marriage" ended, and their father sent them to Stamps, Arkansas, alone by train, to live with their paternal grandmother Annie Henderson. In "an astonishing exception" to the harsh economics of African Americans of the time, Angelou's grandmother prospered financially during the Great Depression and World War II because the general store she owned sold needed basic commodities and because she "made wise and honest investments".

Four years later, the children's father "came to Stamps without warning" and returned them to their mother's care in St. Louis. At the age of eight, while living with her mother, Angelou was sexually abused and raped by her mother's boyfriend, a man named Freeman. She told her brother, who told the rest of their family. Freeman was found guilty but was jailed for only one day. Four days after his release, he was murdered, probably by Angelou's uncles. Angelou became mute for almost five years, believing, as she stated, "I thought, my voice killed him; I killed that man, because I told his name. And then I thought I would never speak again, because my voice would kill anyone..." According to Marcia Ann Gillespie and her colleagues, who wrote a biography about Angelou, it was during this period of silence when Angelou developed her extraordinary memory, her love for books and literature, and her ability to listen and observe the world around her.

Shortly after Freeman's murder, Angelou and her brother were sent back to their grandmother. Angelou credits a teacher and friend of her family, Mrs. Bertha Flowers, with helping her speak again. Flowers introduced her to authors such as Charles Dickens, William Shakespeare, Edgar Allan Poe, Douglas Johnson, and James Weldon Johnson, authors who would affect her life and career, as well as black female artists like Frances Harper, Anne Spencer, and Jessie Fauset.

When Angelou was 14, she and her brother moved in with their mother once again, who had since moved to Oakland, California. During World War II, Angelou attended the California Labor School. Before graduating, she worked as the first black female streetcar conductor in San Francisco. Three weeks after completing school, at the age of 17, she gave birth to her son, Clyde (who later changed his name to Guy Johnson).

Angelou became a poet and writer after a series of jobs as a young adult, including fry cook, sex worker, nightclub dancer and performer, cast member of "Porgy and Bess", coordinator for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and journalist in Egypt and Ghana during the decolonization of Africa. She was an actress, director, producer of plays, movies, and public television programs, and writer. In 1982, she earned the first lifetime Reynolds Professorship of American Studies at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Angelou was active in the Civil Rights Movement and worked with Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X. Beginning in the 1990s, Angelou made around 80 appearances a year on the lecture circuit, something she continued into her eighties. In 1993, Angelou recited her poem "On the Pulse of Morning" (1993) at Bill Clinton's inauguration, making her the first poet to make an inaugural recitation since Robert Frost at John F. Kennedy's inauguration in 1961.
With the publication of "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings", she publicly discussed aspects of her personal life. She was respected as a spokesperson for black people and women, and her works have been considered a defense of black culture. Her works are widely used in schools and universities worldwide though attempts have been made to ban her books from some U.S. libraries. Angelou's most celebrated works have been labeled as autobiographical fiction, but many critics consider them to be autobiographies. She made a deliberate attempt to challenge the common structure of the autobiography by critiquing, changing and expanding the genre. Her books center on themes such as racism, identity, family and travel.

On May 28, 2014, Angelou died in her home in Winston-Salem, North Carolina of natural causes at the age of 86.

In 2021, the United States Mint announced that Angelou would be among the first women shown on the reverse of the quarter as a part of the American Women quarters series. The coins were released in January 2022. She is the first Black woman to be seen on a quarter.


Promises! Promises!

Promises! Promises! is a 1963 movie. It was the first Hollywood sound movie to feature a major star—Jayne Mansfield—in the nude. She was in three nude scenes that together lasted a bit over a minute.

"Playboy" publisher Hugh Hefner was charged with obscenity when he printed nude photos of Mansfield on the set in his magazine. The movie was banned in some American cities. It was a big box office success in cities where it was shown.

Sandy Brooks (Jayne Mansfield) wants to get pregnant. Her husband Jeff (Tommy Noonan) is too stressed out with work to make love to her. They take a cruise, and meet another couple (Marie McDonald and Mickey Hargitay).

The four get drunk. They change partners when going to their rooms. Later, both women learn they're pregnant. They wonder whether the fathers are their own or the other's husband.

"Promises! Promises!" was the first Hollywood sound movie to feature a big star in the nude. For some, the nude scenes were the movie's main attraction.

Together, these three scenes last a little bit over one minute. Mansfield was seen only topless in the movie, but the book "Hollywood Babylon" shows her on the set completely nude. Her pubic hair can be seen.

In June 1963, "Playboy" published a photo article about the movie. In the photos, Mansfield plays with one of her breasts. Publisher Hugh Hefner was arrested and charged with obscenity. He was acquitted by the jury.

"Promises! Promises!" was banned in several American cities. Both the original movie and an edited version had box office success in places where it was not banned.

Mansfield was voted one of the Top 10 Box Office Attractions by theater owners that year. Movie critic Roger Ebert wrote about Mansfield, "Finally in "Promises! Promises!" she does what no Hollywood star ever does except in desperation. She does a nudie. In 1963, that kind of box office appeal was all she had left."


Teacup

A teacup is a porcelain cup that is used to hold liquid for drinking. It is usually used for drinking tea. It is also used for drinking coffee or some other hot drink. A teacup has a handle on the side that stays cool when the rest of the cup is too hot to hold. It also has its own small plate to sit on, called a "saucer".

These can be made from ceramic, clay, glass or even plastic. Usually, teacups are ceramic (made of porcelain) because it is safer. Teacups can also be made for decoration. If they are made for decoration, their owners might keep them on display and not actually use them. 

Teacups are often decorated with patterns or pictures. Those painted by hand can be expensive. Some people collect decorated teacups as a hobby.

Jiah Khan

Jiah Khan (born Nafisa Rizvi Khan, 20 February 1988 – 3 June 2013) was a British-American-Indian actress that appeared in movies for Bollywood. 

Khan was born on 20 February 1988 into a Muslim family in New York City, New York. On 3 June 2013, she was found dead in her apartment in Sagar Sangeet building in Juhu, Mumbai after hanging herself.

Granbury, Texas

Granbury is a city in the American state of Texas. It is the county seat of Hood County, Texas. As of the 2020 census, 10,958 people lived in Granbury. It is the main city of the Granbury micropolitan statistical area. The city is named after Confederate General Hiram B. Granbury. 

Air superiority fighter

An air superiority fighter is a fighter airplane. They are designed for close combat in the air against enemy fighters. This type of aircraft is very expensive Less of them are made than other types of fighters.

During World War II and the Korean War, fighters were divided by their roles. These roles included heavy fighter, interceptor, escort fighter and night fighter. When guided missiles were invented in the 1950s, new fighters were designed and made in two different kinds: 


José Andres Blanco Sánchez

Jose Andres Blanco Sanchez (born April 13, 1958 in Madrid) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is a type LC3 cyclist. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the Individual Pursuit track LC3 race. He finished third in the Road LC3 race. 

Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?

Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? is a 1957 movie. It stars Jayne Mansfield, Tony Randall, Mickey Hargitay, and Groucho Marx in a cameo appearance. It was produced and directed by Frank Tashlin. He also wrote the screenplay, using little more than the title and the character of Rita Marlowe from the Broadway play of the same name by George Axelrod. The play ran from 1955 to 1956. It also starred Mansfield. The movie was a great success.

It received a nomination for a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture Actor – Musical/Comedy (Tony Randall). It also received a nomination for the Writers Guild of America, East WGA Award (Screen) for Best Written American Comedy (Frank Tashlin). In 2000, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".


Ruairí Ó Brádaigh

Ruairí Ó Brádaigh (2 October 1932 – 5 June 2013) was an Irish republican paramilitary and political leader. He was Chief of Staff of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) from 1958–1959 and again from 1960–1962, president of Sinn Féin from 1970 to 1983, and president of Republican Sinn Féin from 1987 to 2009.

Brádaigh was born on 2 October 1932 in Longford, Irish Free State. He was raised in Dublin, Irish Free State. Brádaigh studied at St. Mel's College and at University College Dublin. He was married to Patsy O'Connor until his death in 2013. They had no children. Brádaigh died on 5 June 2013 in Roscommon, Republic of Ireland from a short illness, aged 80.


Susan Rice

Susan Elizabeth Rice (born November 17, 1964) is an American diplomat. In 2021, Rice became the Director of the Domestic Policy Council under the Joe Biden presidency. She was the National Security Advisor from 2013 through 2017 during the Barack Obama presidency. Before, she was the United States Ambassador to the United Nations between 2009 to 2013. 

She was the United States Ambassador to the United Nations. Rice served on the staff of the National Security Council and as Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs during President Bill Clinton's second term. Rice was confirmed as UN ambassador by the U.S. Senate by unanimous consent on January 22, 2009. 

She is the first Jamaican-American woman to hold that office. Rice succeeded Tom Donilon as National Security Adviser. Donilon's resignation was announced on June 5, 2013.

On March 8, 2017, Rice joined American University as a distinguished visiting research fellow in the School of International Service (SIS) at the university. In her residency she planned to work on her next book and mentoring young SIS students.

On March 28, 2018, Rice was appointed to the board of directors at Netflix.

After U.S. senator Susan Collins from Maine voted in favor of Brett Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court, Rice publicly considered a challenge to Collins in 2020. In April 2019, however, Rice announced that she would not seek a Senate run against Collins in 2020.

In July 2020, it was widely reported that Rice was under consideration to be Joe Biden's running mate for Vice President in the 2020 general election.

On December 10, 2020, it was reported that Rice was picked by President-elect Joe Biden to serve as Director of the Domestic Policy Council in the Biden administration. She left office in May 2023 and was replaced by Neera Tanden.

Rice was born on November 17, 1964 in Washington, D.C.. She studied at Stanford University and the New College, Oxford. Rice is an African American whose maternal grandparents were Jamaican. 


Hooverville

A "Hooverville" is the popular name for slum towns built by people without homes during the Great Depression. They were named after Herbert Hoover, who was the President of the United States during the start of the Great Depression and was given the blame for it.

Most Hoovervilles were made out of any materials people could find, including crates, cardboard, and scraps of metal. They usually had a small stove, a bed, and some cooking instruments. People who were living in Hoovervilles without jobs created public charities or asked for food from people with houses.

One well-known Hooverville was in Central Park in New York City, where people lived on the Great Lawn, which was then an empty reservoir.

Thomas E. Donilon

Thomas E. "Tom" Donilon (born May 14, 1955) is a former United States Government official. He was the National Security Advisor in the Obama Administration. He has had a career as a U.S. political advisor, government official and lawyer. Previously, he served together with diplomat Wendy Sherman as Agency Review Team Lead for the State Department in the Obama transition, and as Deputy to National Security Advisor James Jones early in the Obama administration. Donilon replaced Jones as National Security Advisor on October 8, 2010. Donilon announced his resignation as National Security Adviser on 5th June 2013. Susan Rice was his successor.

Donilon was also Chief of Staff to former Secretary of State Warren Christopher at the United States Department of State in the Administration of President Bill Clinton.

Donilon was born on May 14, 1955 in Providence, Rhode Island. He studied at the Catholic University of America and at Virginia University. He is currently married to Catherine Russell. They have two children. 


Plymouth Rock

Plymouth Rock is an American historic site in Plymouth, Massachusetts. People say the "Mayflower" Pilgrims there in 1620. But, they may not have. Edward Winslow did not mention the rock in "Mourt's Relation" (1620–1621). William Bradford did not mention it in his journal "Of Plymouth Plantation" (1620–1647). The first written reference to the Pilgrims landing on a rock is found 121 years after they landed. 

Carl Adolph Agardh

Carl Adolph Agardh was a Swedish botanist and bishop of Karlstad. He was known for his extensive work on algae.

Agardh was born on 23 January 1785 in Båstad, a town in Scania (), Sweden. He began to study at Lund University in 1799.

In 1807, Agardh became a teacher of mathematics at Lund. In 1812, he was appointed professor of botany and rural economy. He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1817, and of the Swedish Academy in 1831.

Agardh became a Lutheran clergyman in 1816. He was a member of the Swedish Parliament on several occasions from 1817. He was "rector magnificus" of Lund University from 1819 to 1820. In 1835 he became the bishop of Karlstad, where he remained until his death. He died on 28 January 1859 in Karlstad.

Agardh devoted considerable attention to political economy. As "a leading liberal", he "succeeded in improving and raising the standards of education in Sweden". He wrote on theological and other subjects, but he is best known for his botanical works, especially "Systema algarum", "Species algarum rite cognitae", and "Icones Algarum" (1824, 1820–28, and 1828–35). He translated into German most of his "Manual of Botany" (2 vols., Malmoe, 1829–32)

Agardh was the father of Jacob Georg Agardh, also a botanist.


Bing Russell

Bing Russell (May 5, 1926 - April 8, 2003) was an American actor and baseball club owner. He was best known for playing the role of Deputy Clem Foster on "Bonanza", beginning in 1959 and of Robert in "The Magnificent Seven" in 1960.

Russell was the father of Golden Globe nominated actor, Kurt Russell. He was also grandfather of an American actor, Wyatt Russell, who is also a former professional hockey player. Wyatt is the son of Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell. Russell was also grandfather of a former major league baseball player, Matt Franco, who is Kurt Russell's nephew.

He was born in Brattleboro, Vermont and grew up wanting to be an actor. He studied drama at his high school. As a boy, he became an unofficial mascot of the New York Yankees, becoming friends with the players Lefty Gomez and Joe DiMaggio. Another Yankees batter, Lou Gehrig, gave him the last bat he used to hit a home run before he retired, due to the illness ALS.

Russell was best known for playing the role of the deputy sheriff in "Bonanza" along with Lorne Greene, Michael Landon, and Pernell Roberts. Bonanza was a popular cowboy television series on the NBC network that aired from 1959-1973. He had a cowboy role in the movie "The Magnificent Seven" in 1960. He also guest starred in episodes of many television series during his acting career.

In 1979, Kurt Russell had the role of Elvis Presley in a television movie, "Elvis" and Bing Russell played his father, Vernon Presley.

Bing Russell owned the Portland Mavericks, the only independent team in their league, from 1973 through 1977. He kept more players on his team than he needed, because he thought the players deserved to play for one last season. He believed in his players having fun. Many players who were not good enough for other teams came to his June try-outs. They were always open to anyone who showed up.

Archived movie film of Russell and his team became part of the 2014 documentary, "The Battered Bastards of Baseball".

Kurt Russell, Russell's son, who played for the Mavericks and was vice president for the team, is in the movie. It was directed by Chapman Way and Maclain Way, grandsons of Russell. The movie was first shown at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2014. It began being shown on Netflix on July 11, 2014.

"The Battered Bastards of Baseball" got positive reviews from critics.

Scott Foundas of "Variety", said that "So rife with underdog victors and hairpin twists of fortune that, if it weren't all true, no one would believe it." Duane Byrge, writing in "The Hollywood Reporter", praised the movie. He said that "The Battered Bastards of Baseball is not just about baseball. It transcends the game and is a charming anti-establishment yarn that should delight audiences who don't even know an r.b.i. from a balk."

Dustin Krcatovich, from "Esquire", wrote "easily one of the most raucously entertaining films to come out this year, and the best sports documentary in a while." Katie Walsh of "Indiewire" gave the movie a B+ grade. She said "The Batterered Bastards of Baseball is an entertaining celebration of the independent spirit and the love of the game."

The "New York Daily News" listed the documentary as one of the 10 best movies of 2014.

Russell died from cancer on April 8, 2003 in Thousand Oaks, California.


Dorothy Custer

Dorothy Custer (May 30, 1911 – April 22, 2015) was an American comedian, harmonica player, and centenarian. She was best known for her two appearances on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno". She has become the top featured story of all time on the Boise-based television station KTVB. She has been the subject of many interviews in Idaho and other states.

Custer was born in Twin Falls, Idaho. She had four children. She died in her sleep on April 22, 2015, aged 103.

Deloraine, Tasmania

Deloraine is a town on the Meander River, in the central north of Tasmania, Australia. It is 50 km west of Launceston and 52 km south of Devonport along the Bass Highway. It is part of the Meander Valley Council. There were 2,848 people living there in the .

The region was explored in 1821 by Captain Roland, who was searching for farm land. Land was granted to new settlers, and the town is now a major farming centre. There are a large number of farms of all types in the area.
Deloraine Post Office opened on 29 October 1836.

The town won the State Tidy Towns award in 1992, 1993 and 1995, and the Australian Community of the Year award in 1997.

The town is a cultural centre and is home to the largest craft fair in the Southern Hemisphere. About 40,000 people come to the annual fair which has 13 venues and over 200 stalls around the town.

The town was bypassed by the new Bass Highway in the early 1990s. However the town is still a popular resting place for travellers. It also serves as a base to explore areas such as Cradle Mountain, the Great Western Tiers, Mole Creek and the Central Highlands.

Deloraine is the educational centre for the region with both primary (Deloraine Primary School and Our Lady of Mercy Catholic School) and high schools (Deloraine High School). Students from other towns come to Deloraine's schools by bus.

Deloraine is served by ABC Television, SBS Television, Tasmanian Digital Television, Southern Cross Tasmania, WIN Television, 91.7 ABC Northern Tasmania and other ABC radio networks, commercial stations 89.3 LAFM and 90.1 Chilli FM and community station 96.9 Meander Valley FM.

Deloraine has one sister city:


Vittorio Amuso

Vittorio Amuso (born 1934) is an American mobster from New York City. He was the leader of the Lucchese crime family from 1987 to 2012. He is currently serving a life sentence in prison for murder and racketeering.

Hurricane Gert (1993)

Hurricane Gert was a destructive and very deadly tropical cyclone in September 1993. It struck Central America and Mexico. The storm affected almost the same region devastated by Hurricane Diana three years prior, except winds were a little stronger than for Diana. Winds for Gert were 105 miles per hour; ninety lives were lost, and forty three other people were missing due to Hurricane Gert. Despite the devastation, the name Gert was not retired in Spring of 1994.

Hurricane Bertha (1996)

Hurricane Bertha of July 1996 was a hurricane of notable status. This storm struck the northeastern Caribbean islands, Puerto Rico and the eastern United States, causing the deaths of almost one dozen persons and leading to $335 million in destruction. The winds from Bertha were 105 miles an hour when she struck eastern North Carolina on July 12 1996. Despite the damage, the name Bertha was not discontinued (retired) in the Spring of 1997).

Toni Braxton (album)

Toni Braxton is the self-titled record by the Toni Braxton. It was released in July 1993. Songs on the album include "Breathe Again", "I Belong to You" and "You Mean the World to Me".

Adina Howard

Adina Howard (November 14, 1973) is an American R&B singer who was popular in the mid 1990s. She was extremely notable for her hit single "Freak Like Me", though there were other minor songs. She represented with a rather provocative image. Adina was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Arthur Kornberg

Arthur Kornberg (March 3, 1918 – October 26, 2007) was an American biochemist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1959 for his discovery of "the mechanisms in the biological synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)" with Severo Ochoa of New York University. He was awarded the National Medal of Science in 1979.

His primary research interests were in biochemistry, especially enzyme chemistry, deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis (DNA replication) and studying the nucleic acids which control heredity in animals, plants, bacteria and viruses.

He is of Jewish descent.

Arthur and Sylvy Kornberg had three sons: Roger Kornberg (1947), Thomas Kornberg (1948), and Kenneth Kornberg (1950). Roger is Professor of Structural Biology at Stanford University, and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for 2006. Thomas discovered DNA polymerase II and III in 1970 and is now a professor at the University of California, San Francisco. Kenneth is an architect specializing in the design of biomedical and biotechnology laboratories and buildings.


Oceanus Hopkins

Oceanus Hopkins (1620?) was born at sea during the voyage of the "Mayflower" to the New World in 1620. He was the son of Stephen Hopkins and his wife, Elizabeth (Fisher) Hopkins. He was born sometime between 6 September and 9 November 1620. He died before 1627. His body and grave are lost. Oceanus is the Latin word for ocean.


Division of Cowper

The Division of Cowper is an Australian electoral division in New South Wales. It was one of 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for Charles Cowper, an early Premier of New South Wales. It is on the north coast of New South Wales, and includes the towns of Coffs Harbour, Kempsey, Macksville, Nambucca Heads and Port Macquarie.

Its most famous member was Sir Earle Page, leader of the Country Party and Prime Minister of Australia in 1939.


Carey Mulligan

Carey Hannah Mulligan (born 28 May 1985) is an English actress who made her movie debut in the 2005 movie "Pride & Prejudice". She acted in the 2009 movie "Public Enemies", playing Carole. Carey was born in Westminster, London, England.

Allison Iraheta

Allison Iraheta (born April 27, 1992) is an American musician who was fourth place in the eighth season for "American Idol". Her first album "Just Like You" was released in December 2009. She also performs cover songs. Allison was born in Los Angeles.

Der Stürmer

Der Stürmer was a weekly newspaper published from 1923 to 1945. It contained propaganda for the policies of the Nazi Party in Germany. It was styled like a tabloid. It printed obscene antisemitic material with the intent to make people hate Jews. This included racist caricatures, accusations of blood libel and sex crimes, and articles about why Jews are a problem.

The paper was published by Julius Streicher. It was first printed in Nuremberg on 20 April 1923. This was at a time when Adolf Hitler was trying to seize power and control over the government. "Der Stürmer" continued to be published until the end of World War II. After the war, Streicher was executed for authorising the publication of articles that demanded the extermination of the Jewish race.

Richard Barthelmess

Richard Semler "Dick" Barthelmess (May 9, 1895 – August 17, 1963) was an Oscar-nominated American movie actor. He was nominated for the first Academy Award in the Best Actor category in 1928.

Barthelmess was born in New York City. He went to Hudson River Military Academy and Trinity College at Hartford, Connecticut. He worked in theaters during his school days doing "walk-ons". In college, he played in amateur productions. 

He made his first movie appearance in 1916 in a movie serial as an extra. At this time, he also appeared as a supporting player in several movies. Director D. W. Griffith saw him. He cast Barthelmess opposite Lillian Gish in "Broken Blossoms" (1919) and "Way Down East" (1920). 

He soon became one of Hollywood's highest paid actors. He was nominated for Best Actor at the first Academy Awards in 1928. He founded a production company, Inspiration Film Company. He starred in the company's "Tol'able David" (1921). This movie was a great success.

Barthelmess made several "talkies". He failed to hold on to the star status of his silent movie days. He joined the United States Navy Reserve during World War II. He was a lieutenant commander. He never went back to movies. He died of cancer in 1963. He was 68. He was buried at Ferncliff Cemetery and Mausoleum in Hartsdale, New York.

Barthelmess married Mary Hay, a stage and movie star. They had one daughter Mary Barthelmess. In 1927, Barthelmess became engaged to Katherine Young Wilson, a Broadway actress. The engagement was called off, possibly due to his affair around this time with the journalist Adela Rogers St. Johns. In 1928, Barthelmess married Jessica Stewart Sargent.

Barthelmess was one of the founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Barthelmess received the George Eastman Award for distinguished contribution to movies.

Composer Katherine Allan Lively dedicated her piano piece, "Within the Walls of China: A Chinese Episode", to Barthelmess. It was published in 1923 by G. Schirmer, Inc. An article in "The Music Trades" reported that Mrs. Lively was inspired by a seeing "Broken Blossoms". She played the piece for Barthelmess and his friends in New York in the summer of 1922.



Tol'able David

Tol'able David (1921) is a silent movie starring Richard Barthelmess. It is based on a story by Joseph Hergesheimer. The movie was produced and directed by Henry King for Inspiration Pictures. 

The movie was voted a Photoplay Magazine 1921 "medal of honor". In 2007, "Tol'able David" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". 

Young David Kinemon, son of West Virginia tenant farmers, wants to be treated like a man by his family and neighbors. He is constantly reminded that he is still a boy and he is only "tol'able" but not a man. He proves himself a man when outlaws move onto a nearby farm.


Attack aircraft

Attack aircraft are military aircraft. They are designed for attacking enemy ground or naval forces, especially moving ground or naval forces, like tanks, soldiers, and warships. Such aircraft attack their targets while flying low. They were much used in World War II, and later also took over the job of dive bombers. Attack aircraft can be fighter airplanes or helicopters. 


Of Plymouth Plantation

Of Plymouth Plantation is a book written by William Bradford between 1630 and 1651. It tells of the Pilgrims, of their years in Holland, their voyage on the "Mayflower", the founding of Plymouth Colony in Massachusetts, and the colony's early years. The book ends with a list written in 1651 of Mayflower passengers and what happened to them.


Pequot War

The Pequot War (1634-1638) was fought between the Pequot tribe and settlers of the Massachusetts Bay, Plymouth, and Saybrook colonies. The settlers were helped by Native American groups including the Narragansett and Mohegan tribes. Hundreds of people were killed, and hundreds more were sold as slaves in the West Indies. At the end of the war, about 700 Pequots had been killed or captured. The others were forced off their lands and into other areas.

Shirley Temple's Storybook

Shirley Temple's Storybook is a television series hosted and narrated by actress Shirley Temple. Its first season of 16 episodes (mostly in black and white) aired on NBC between January 12, 1958 and December 21, 1958. The second season of 25 episodes (all in color) aired on NBC as "The Shirley Temple Show" between September 18, 1960 and July 16, 1961. Fairy tales, children's stories, and some maturer material like "The House of Seven Gables" were adapted for the series.

Well known stars like Charlton Heston and Elsa Lanchester appeared in the series. Several books such as "Shirley Temple's Stories That Never Grow Old" were published around the time the series aired. In 1961, the series was nominated for a prime time Emmy Award for "Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Children's Programming". Selected episodes have been released to VHS and DVD.


The Garfield Show

The Garfield Show is a French/American CGI animated television show. It started in France on France 3 on December 22, 2008. English-language episodes started in the United Kingdom on Bommerang on May 5, 2009. The show started airing in the United States on Cartoon Network on November 2, 2009. It is based on the comic strip "Garfield". It is the second "Garfield" television series, after "Garfield and Friends".


Additional Voices:



Rubén Bonifaz Nuño

Rubén Bonifaz Nuño (12 November 1923 – 31 January 2013) was a Mexican poet and classical scholar.

Nuño was born on 12 November 1923 in Córdoba, Veracruz, Mexico. He studied at National Autonomous University of Mexico. Nuño died on 31 January 2013 in Mexico City, Mexico from natural causes, aged 89.


Forklift

A forklift is a type of truck with large metal forks, used for carrying and raising things. It is commonly used in large warehouses. It may also be used outdoors to load and unload trucks and trailers. 


Donald O'Connor

Donald David Dixon Ronald O’Connor (August 28, 1925 – September 27, 2003) was an American dancer, singer, and actor. He was known for his role as Cosmo Brown in "Singin' in the Rain". He won an Emmy Award and an Golden Globe Award.

O'Connor was born on August 28, 1925 in Chicago, Illinois. He is of Irish descent. O'Connor was married to Gwen Carter from 1944 until they divorced in 1954. Then he was married to Gloria O'Connor from 1956 until his death in 2003. They had two sons. O'Connor died on September 27, 2003 from heart failure in his Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California home, aged 78.


Thousand Oaks, California

Thousand Oaks is a city in southeastern Ventura County, California. It is part of the Greater Los Angeles Area in the United States. The city is located about from Los Angeles County, and to Downtown Los Angeles. It was named after the many oak trees that grew in the area. The city seal has a picture of an oak tree.

UB40

UB40 is an English reggae band. They were formed in 1978 in Birmingham. They are named after an unemployment form at the time. At that time, they used to give £40 to every unemployed person every month. Therefore, the name was derived to be Unemployment Benefit £40 (UB40)

Manasa

Manasa also known as Manasa Devi is the Hindu goddess of snakes and poison. She is mainly worshiped by Hindus for the prevention and cure of snakebites and infectious diseases.

Joanna García

Joanna Leanna García (born August 10, 1979) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television. She has also been in some movies. She played Cheyenne Hart Montgomery in the sitcom "Reba". She played Mia Putney in the sitcom "Better with You". García was born in Tampa, Florida.

Jamie-Lynn Sigler

Jamie-Lynn Sigler (born May 15, 1981) is an American actress and singer born in Jericho, New York. 

She is best known for playing Meadow Soprano in "The Sopranos". She also played call girl Heidi Fleiss in an American television movie. She was born in Jericho, New York.

In January 2016, Sigler revealed that she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis when she was 20 years old.

 

Vashi Bridge

The Vashi Bridge, also called Thane Creek Bridge, is a bridge that connects the city of Mumbai to the mainland of India at New Delhi. It is built across the Thane Creek. The bridge links Mankhurd in Mumbai with Vashi in Navi Mumbai, the satellite city of Mumbai. It is one of four entry points into Mumbai, and handles traffic in the region to the west and north of Mumbai.

The first bridge to connect Mumbai to Navi Mumbai was made in 1973. The bridge is 1837 metres in length and has a below-requirement 3 lane carriageway. Within two years of its opening to traffic, corrosion cracks were noticed on some parts of the bridge. This led to a series of extensive repairs. It was then decided to construct a new bridge to replace the faulty one. 

Construction on a new bridge began in 1987 and opened in 1997. The original Vashi Bridge or the 1st Thane Creek Bridge remains closed to traffic.

The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has plans to add six more lanes to the Vashi Bridge at an estimated cost of 400 crore.

Baneh County

Baneh County () is a county in Kurdistan Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Baneh. At the 2006 census, its population was 116,773, in 24,709 families. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. The county is subdivided into four districts: the Central District, Alut District, Namshir District, and Nanur District. The county has four cities: Baneh, Armardeh, Kani Sur, and Buin-e Sofla.


Stress (biology)

Stress is a word used in psychology and medicine to describe a condition which may be seen in organisms.

Stress describes a living thing's response to a threat or some adverse change in its environment. In psychology, stress is a feeling of emotional strain and pressure. Stress is a type of psychological pain. Small amounts of stress may be beneficial, but more stress can increase the risk of strokes, heart attacks, ulcers, and mental illness, such as depression

There are different types of stress. Each type has different characteristics and symptoms.


Organisms can respond to stress in different ways.


Stress may also lead to adaptations, which allow certain organisms to better deal with the stressors. Stress happens every day, and is part of every living thing's life. Too much stress is bad and can cause health problems. Stress plays a part in some physical problems, like heart disease. Stress also plays a part in many mental illnesses, like anxiety, Acute Stress Disorder, and PTSD. Acute Stress Disorder and PTSD are mental illnesses that can happen when a person experiences something that is very terrifying, like a major accident or a war. Another type of stress disorder is a "psychosomatic illness" where a person has physical symptoms that are caused by an emotional stress, not by physical harm.

There are different ways to deal with stress. One tip is to remove yourself from the stressor. For example if a school assignment is causing stress, taking a break from the assignment can be good. This break can include sleeping or engaging in hobbies. Physical activity and exercise reduce stress. Social support from friends and family can be helpful. Health care professionals can help when stress is bad and affects physical or mental health. Relaxing with meditation and deep breathing can also manage stress. 

Hawking radiation

Hawking radiation is black body radiation which is emitted by black holes, due to quantum effects near the event horizon. It is named after the physicist Stephen Hawking, who provided a theoretical argument for its existence in 1974.

As a result of quantum fluctuations, particle-antiparticle pairs can appear from the vacuum of space near the event horizon of a black hole in which the net energy of the particles is zero due to the matter and antimatter nature of the particles. In normal conditions, particle-antiparticle pairs that appear due to the quantum fluctuations annihilate each other. But if one member of the pair falls beyond the event horizon of the black hole, the other particle will not have a sister with which to annihilate. The member that does not fall into the black hole is then emitted from the black hole as hawking radiation. The particle that falls into the black hole effectively has negative energy, meaning that it will subtract from the overall mass-energy content of the black hole. Thus, after enough time has passed, the black hole will evaporate from these negative particles, while seeming to emit positive ones. Hawking radiation reduces the mass and the energy of the black hole and is therefore also known as black hole evaporation. Because of this, black holes that lose more mass than they gain through other means are expected to shrink and ultimately vanish.

Hawking radiation is such a small effect that it has never been measured. Micro black holes (MBHs) are predicted to be larger net emitters of radiation than larger black holes (and should thus shrink and dissipate faster), but MBHs have yet to be observed. 

High-level programming language

In computer science, a high-level programming language is a programming language that does not require knowledge of computer hardware. The advantage with high-level programming languages is that programmers only need to understand the syntax (i.e. the type of structure of the code) of the programming language and don't have to understand computer hardware to program well. Low-level programming languages require knowledge of both the syntax and the hardware they are programming for.

What determines a programming language as "high-level" depends on how much the programming language relies on hardware knowledge. Programming languages that require less knowledge about computer hardware are called "high-level" programming languages. It doesn't matter whether a programming language is considered easy to learn or not.

Rather than dealing with functions of computer hardware, high-level programming languages deal with more abstract concepts. High-level programming languages focus more on what the program will output. An interpreter is required to translate high-level programming language for low-level programming languages to tell the hardware what to do.

High-level programming languages can use variables, arrays, conditional statements, subroutines, loops, and among other functions to help produce the output. High-level programming languages are generally easier to do than low-level programming languages. The syntax used to make a program generally has clearer language than lower-level programming languages.


Low-level programming language

In computer science, a low-level programming language is a programming language that involves knowledge of both computer hardware and the coding used to make the computer hardware do actions. The advantage of low-level programming languages compared to high-level programming languages is that they can directly communicate with the computer hardware to do actions. There is less need for an interpreter to convert programming languages into code that the computer understands. Low-level programming languages require knowledge of the hardware to make the most of what the hardware can do. The term "low-level" usually refers to assembly language.

A programming language can be called "low-level" because the actions the code describes are close to the computer hardware. A "high-level" language can be seen as "far away" or "high above" the computer hardware and closer to the programmer.

What determines a programming language as "low-level" depends on how much the programming language relies on hardware knowledge. Programming languages that require more knowledge about computer hardware are called "low-level" programming languages. It doesn't matter whether a programming language is considered easy to learn or not.

Rather than focus on what the program will output regardless of computer hardware, low-level programming languages deal directly at the computer hardware. Low-level programming languages will aim at what the hardware will actually do to make the actions that have been programmed. An interpreter is required to translate high-level programming language for low-level programming languages to tell the hardware what to do.

Low-level programming languages often use more technical code that is clearer for the hardware to understand. Low-level programming languages are generally harder to do than high-level programming languages due to how technical the syntax is (i.e. the structure of the coding is difficult to understand because of how complex it is).

Low-level programming languages are often tied to a particular CPU or instruction set. For example, a program written in ARM assembly language cannot run on an x86 processor without emulation.

The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars

The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (also known as Ziggy Stardust) is a concept album by British musician David Bowie, published in 1972. The album reached 5th place in British charts and 75th in American Billboard charts. A film of the same name was directed by Donn Allan Pennibaker in 1973. The album ranks 35th place in the "Rolling Stone" list of 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

Alexander Mackenzie (explorer)

Sir Alexander Mackenzie (1764-1820) was a Scottish explorer who explored the area that is now the Northwest Territories. Mackenzie was born in Stornoway, on the Scottish island of Lewis with Harris in 1764. Mackenzie made his fortune as a fur trader in northwest Canada. 

In 1789, Mackenzie left Fort Chipewyan on Lake Athabasca with a small party of Canadians and native guides. He travelled north to Great Slave Lake on a boat or a canoe. Then he followed the river that now bears his name, the Mackenzie River. He was the first European to travel on the Mackenzie River. It took him to the Arctic Ocean. He had hoped the river would lead him to the Pacific Ocean.

In 1801 he wrote the book "Voyages on the River Saint Lawrence and Through the Continent of North America, To the Frozen and Pacific Oceans in the Years 1789 and 1793". This book contains information on native tribes and Canadian history of that time period.

He spent his last years in Scotland.

Bell AH-1 Cobra

The Bell AH-1 Cobra is an American military helicopter. It is an attack helicopter. It is made by Bell Helicopter company. It has one engine. Its first flight was on 7 September 1967. The United States Army don't use the AH-1 any more, and replaced it with the AH-64 Apache. The single-engine AH-1 Cobra is still active in some other countries like Israel and Iran. The United States Marine Corps still use the two-engine Bell AH-1 SuperCobra. The Cobra's weapons are:





Jerusalem artichoke

The Jerusalem artichoke ("Helianthus tuberosus"), also called sunroot, sunchoke, earth apple or topinambour, is a species of sunflower native to eastern North America, and found from eastern Canada and Maine west to North Dakota, and south to northern Florida and Texas. It is also cultivated widely across the temperate zone for its tuber, which is used as a root vegetable.
The herbaceous plant is perennial. It can reach heights of up to . The leaves are oval, and grow to to wide, and to long. The plant has been imported to Europe, and it is seen as an invasive species - few animals eat it, and it will take away the space of other plants. This means that often, there is uncontrolled growth.

The plant has been used to make spirits and sugar. It is a food plant for animals such as horses and pigs. People who suffer from diabetes often use it: Up to sixteen percent of the plant is made of the polysaccharide inulin.

In the 1980s, the Jerusalem artichoke also gained some notoriety when its seeds were planted by midwestern US farmers at the prodding of an agricultural pyramid scheme. There was little market for the tuber in that part of the US at the time, but farmers were assured it would soon appear on the commodity market. The only profits were realized by the initial distributors and the first few levels of farmers (who sold their seeds to other levels of the pyramid). As a result, many of the farms that had planted large quantities of the crop were ruined.

Elsa Lanchester

Elsa Sullivan Lanchester (28 October 1902 – 26 December 1986) was an English actress in theatre, movies, and television.

After World War I, she began performing in theatre and nightclubs. She met the actor Charles Laughton in 1927. They were married two years later. She began playing small roles in British movies. The couple moved to Hollywood. Lanchester played small movie roles. They became American citizens in 1950.

She played the title character in "Bride of Frankenstein" (1935). She played supporting roles through the 1940s and 1950s. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Come to the Stable" (1949) and "Witness for the Prosecution" (1957).

Following Laughton's death in 1962, Lanchester resumed her career with appearances in such Disney films as "Mary Poppins" (1964), "That Darn Cat!" (1965) and "Blackbeard's Ghost" (1968). One of her last roles was in "Murder By Death" (1976). 

Moses Fletcher

Moses Fletcher (c.1564–1620/1) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620 and was one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact.

Fletcher was born in Sandwich in England. He married Mary Evans in 1589 and had 10 children. Fletcher worked as a blacksmith.

Fletcher did not want to be a member of the Church of England. He did not follow some of the Church rules and told others that he did not believe in the teachings of the Church. On June 12, 1609, Moses Fletcher, along with the wife of future "Mayflower" passenger James Chilton and several other persons were excommunicated from the church for the illegal burial of a child.

Fletcher became a Separatist. This religion was illegal in England. He and his family left England with the Chilton family and moved to Leiden in Netherlands. His wife Mary died and he married Sarah, a widow from Leiden.

Fletcher came on the Mayflower without his family.

The "Mayflower" left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, they spotted land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land 21 November at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. 

Fletcher died in the winter of 1620–1621 in the general sickness.

Fletcher was buried in the Cole's Hill Burial Ground in Plymouth. His name is on the Pilgrim Memorial Tomb.

Hurricane Edith (1971)

Hurricane Edith of 1971 was a Category Five hurricane. Edith developed from a tropical disturbance on Sunday, September 5 and rapidly strengthened into a hurricane in the Caribbean Sea. She began strengthening on Thursday, September 9 and then made her first landfall as a 160 mph Category Five storm over northern Central America. She later made landfall in western Louisiana on Thursday, September 16 with winds near 105 miles per hour, triggering a tornado outbreak in the Gulf States area. No deaths were reported in the United States, although thirty five lives were taken elsewhere.

Bell Helicopter

Bell Helicopter is an American company that designs and produces military helicopters and tiltrotors. Its center is in Hurst, Texas, near Fort Worth. It has a branch in Quebec, Canada, which produces commercial rotorcrafts.

Gina Gillespie

Gina Gillespie (born September 20, 1951) is a former American child actress. She is the sister of ex-Mouseketeer Darlene Gillespie. She played in many television series. She played the role of 'Tess' in "Law of the Plainsman". She was the first child actor to play Pippi Longstocking in a television or movie adaptation of Astrid Lindgren's book. This was on "Shirley Temple's Storybook" in 1961. Gina also played the young Blanche Hudson in "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" in 1962.

 

Sukhoi Su-24

Su-24 Fencer is a Russian supersonic attack aircraft. In 1974, it came into service in the Soviet Union. It has variable-sweep wing. It has two engines. It has two seats. It is still active in Russian Air Force. Some other countries have also this airplane. This fighter is active in these countries: Russia, Ukraine, Iran, Algeria, Kazakhstan, Syria, Azerbaijan.

Joey Votto

Joseph Daniel "Joey" Votto (born September 10, 1983 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian baseball player. He currently plays as a first baseman for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball.

He made his MLB debut for the Cincinnati Reds on September 4, 2007. In 2010, he won the National League MVP Award, the National League Hank Aaron Award, as well as the Lou Marsh Trophy which is awarded annually to Canada's top athlete of that year. He signed a 10-year, $225 million contract extension with Cincinnati, running through the 2024 season on April 2, 2012.


Norman Fell

Norman Fell (Norman Noah Feld; March 24, 1924 – December 14, 1998) was an American actor of movie and television. He is famous for his role as landlord Mr. Roper on the sitcom "Three's Company" and its spin-off, "The Ropers". He won a Golden Globe Award.

Fell was born on March 24, 1924 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a Jewish family. He studied at Central High School of Philadelphia and at Temple University. He also studied at The Actors Studio. 

Fell was married to Diane Weiss from 1961 until they divorced in 1973. Then he was married to Karen Weingard from 1975 until her death in 1995. 

Fell died on December 14, 1998 from bone cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 74.


Justin Morneau

Justin Ernest George Morneau (born May 15, 1981 in New Westminster, British Columbia) is a Canadian baseball player. He currently plays as a first baseman for the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball.

He made his MLB debut for the Minnesota Twins on June 10, 2003. He won the American League MVP Award in 2006. He also won the 2008 Home Run Derby and two Silver Slugger Awards in 2008.

He wears the number 33 to honour his idol, former NHL goaltender Patrick Roy. He would also not leave the car for hockey games when he was younger until the clock read :33 minutes past the hour.


Bass Highway, Tasmania

The Bass Highway is a highway in Tasmania, Australia. It is a part of the National Highway, named National Highway 1. It joins the major cities across the north of the state - Burnie, Devonport and Launceston. The Bass Highway is, like Bass Strait, named for explorer George Bass.

The highway connects the following towns:

From Burnie, the Bass Highway is no longer a National Highway, and connects the following towns:


As part of the National Highway, there have been many changes to the highway. In the 1980s it was made longer to join the southern exit at Launceston which connects to the Midland Highway. Almost the entire length of the highway has been re-aligned to allow for dual carriageway, overtaking lanes, and the bypass of small towns.

Between Launceston and Deloraine, this had included Carrick and Hadspen in the 1980s and Deloraine in the early 1990s. The longest stretch of highway, the Hagley-Westbury bypass, was completed in 2001. People living in the small towns have been concerned that they no longer get passing trade. The 'old' highway, now known as the Meander Valley Highway, is promoted as a tourist route.

The highway between Latrobe and Somerset has had a similar re-alignment. This section of the highway is more of a commuter highway than a tourist highway, and as such the local economy does not rely on passing tourists.

Ethnology

Ethnology is part of anthropology. It studies different ethnic groups.


Sanjay and Craig

Sanjay and Craig is an American animated television series. It is produced by Nickelodeon. The series was first shown on May 25, 2013.

The show's creators are Jim Dirschberger, Andreas Trolf, and Jay Howell. Howell is also the character designer on "Bob's Burgers". "Sanjay and Craig" is being produced by Will McRobb and Chris Viscardi, the creators of "The Adventures of Pete & Pete".

The show is about the adventures of the title characters, a 12-year-old Indian American human boy named Sanjay Patel, and his best friend, a talking snake named Craig. On a promotional webpage for the show, the network explains that Sanjay and Craig's adventures require that "nobody finds out that Craig can talk".



Ryan Dempster

Ryan Scott Dempster (born May 3, 1977 in Gibsons, British Columbia) is a Canadian baseball player. As of 2013, he is a pitcher for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball.

Dempster was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 3rd round of the 1995 MLB Draft. On August 8, 1996, the Rangers traded him along with Rick Helling to the Marlins for John Burkett. He made his MLB debut for the Florida Marlins on May 23, 1998. He would play for the Marlins from 1998 to 2002. 

On July 11, 2002, Dempster was traded to the Cincinnati Reds in exchange for Juan Encarnacion, Wilton Guerrero and Ryan Snare. He played for the Reds from 2002 to 2003. In August 2003, he underwent Tommy John surgery on his right elbow and missed the rest of the season.

He was then released by the Reds and was signed by the Chicago Cubs as a free agent on January 21, 2004. He played for the Cubs from 2004 to 2012 and was then traded to the team that drafted him, the Texas Rangers. 

He only played a year with the Rangers however and signed a two-year contract worth $26.5 million with the Boston Red Sox after the 2012 season.

In early June 2009, he released a statement in which he explained the his daughter, Riley Dempster, had DiGeorge syndrome. He released the statement because he wanted to help raise awareness of the genetic disease. When he was asked if his daughter would be able to lead a normal life, he replied, "Yeah, she will. There can be (problems), but so far all the signs are good. There’s a lot of work to do. They say there are 186 symptoms you can have. You just check off ones as you go along". His daughter was able to go home in early June after 2 months in the hospital.


Ben Casey

Ben Casey is an American medical drama television series. It ran on ABC from 1961 to 1966. The series starred Vince Edwards and Sam Jaffe.

Ben Casey is a young, intense but idealistic surgeon at County General Hospital. His mentor is Doctor David Zorba, At the beginning of the 1965 season, Jaffe left the show and Franchot Tone replaced him as new Chief of Surgery, Doctor Daniel Niles Freeland. The show began running multi-episode stories and Casey developed a romantic relationship with a patient who had just emerged from a coma after thirteen years.

In 1988, the television movie, "The Return of Ben Casey", with Vince Edwards in his role as Casey, aired in television syndication. The pilot was not picked up by the major networks to bring the series back.


The Big Parade

The Big Parade is a 1925 silent movie. It was directed by King Vidor. It stars John Gilbert as James Apperson and Renée Adorée as Melisande. It was adapted by Harry Behn and King Vidor from the play by Joseph Farnham and the autobiographical novel "Plumes" by Laurence Stallings.

It tells the story of an idle rich boy who joins the US Army's Rainbow Division and is sent to France to fight in World War I. He becomes friends with two working class men, experiences the horrors of trench warfare, and finds love with a French girl.

In 1992 "The Big Parade" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

"The Big Parade" was one of the greatest hits of the 1920s earning gross rentals of $4,990,000 in North America and $1,141,000 overseas on a budget of $382,000 during its initial release, The film ultimately grossed $18–$22 million in worldwide rentals and is sometimes proclaimed as the most successful film of the silent era.


Tornado emergency

A tornado emergency is a stronger wording of tornado warnings used by the National Weather Service in the United States. It is used when a large, powerful tornado is in an area with a lot of people. It means that a very large amount of damage and a high possibility of a lot of deaths are expected.

The term was first used on May 3, 1999 when an F5 tornado hit just south of Oklahoma City in Moore. Between 5:30 and 6:00 PM, a large, powerful tornado was heading for Oklahoma City, leading to the first tornado emergency.

If people are in a tornado's path, they should follow these safety tips:

 SEVERE WEATHER STATEMENT

California Girls

"California Girls" is a song by the American rock group The Beach Boys. Upon its release in summer 1965 the song hit #3 on "Billboard Hot 100". The song was covered and sampled by other artists. The song is about young women on the beaches in the state of California.

Purr by Katy Perry

Purr is a fragrance created by singer Katy Perry. Her love for cats gave her the idea to create this perfume and its design. The perfume comes in many scents. It was released in November 2010. It comes in cat-shaped bottles. In the United States, it can only be bought at Nordstrom.

Cole's Hill

Cole's Hill is the site of the first cemetery used by the Pilgrims in Plymouth Colony. This is where they buried those who died in the winter of 1620-1621. Many were buried in secret and at night and corn was planted over their graves. This was to prevent the Native Americans from knowing how many of them had died. The hill is named after John Cole who built a house there in 1697. During the American Revolutionary War and again during the War of 1812 cannon were placed there behind earthworks to protect the town.

The hill is located on Carver Street. It is across the street from Plymouth Rock. Cole's Hill was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960. On the top of the hill is a statue of Massasoit, who befriended the Pilgrims. There is also a monument to the Pilgrims who died during the winter of 1620-21.

Cracker Jack

Cracker Jack is a brand of snack food that is made of molasses-flavored candy-coated popcorn and peanuts. The food is packaged with a prize of very minor value inside. Some food historians consider Cracker Jack the first junk food. An early version of Cracker Jack was sold at the first Chicago World's Fair in 1893. In 1896, the first lot of Cracker Jack was made. A taster remarked, "That's crackerjack!" (meaning "of excellent quality"). It became the product name.

Neonatal diabetes mellitus

Neonatal diabetes mellitus (NDM) is a type of diabetes. It happens during the first 6 months of human life. Infants with this condition do not produce enough insulin. This causes an increase of blood sugar. NDM is often mistaken for the much more common Type 1 diabetes, although type 1 often happens after the first 6 months of life. In almost 60% of those with NDM, this condition lasts their whole life.

Symptoms of NDM include thirst, frequent urination and dehydration. Most fetuses with NDM do not grow properly in the uterus. Newborns are much smaller than most other newborns. After birth, many babies do not gain enough weight or grow as rapidly as other babies.

Rosacea

Rosacea is common chronic inflammatory skin disorder that is characterized by redness, erythema, telangiectasis, papules or pustules, hyperplasia, or a combination of these manifestations. It gets worse if left untreated. There are four types of rosacea, three involving human skin and the fourth affecting eyes.
Rosacea affects approximately 5.46% prevalence in the world's adult population, especially affects mostly Caucasians (northern European descendants) and light-skinned populations. Rosacea affects both males and females. Females are three times more likely than males to get rosacea. It can happen to people of any age. 
Things that can cause rosacea are several environmental factors like exposure of the face to extreme temperature, the heat of sunlight, severe sunburn, stress, depression, anxiety, alcohol and spicy foods. Also a genetic predisposition with a neurogenic inflammation and the family inheritance are relationated with this condition. Most people with rosacea have only mild redness and are never officially diagnosed or treated.

Pimple

Pimples (also called zits) are a type of acne. They are caused by oil getting trapped in the pores of the skin. Pimples often happen during adolescence or puberty. Practicing good hygiene is essential, but even that might not prevent all pimples.

Root vegetable

виктор корнеплод are any root of plant, which is used as vegetables. In this context the term "root" is used to refer to an underground part of хахахахаххахха sarily its root, in the biological sense.

Examples of root vegetables are carrots, onions, poi, potatoes and sweet potatoes, radishes, turnips, and yams.

Periwinkle

Periwinkle may refer to:


The common name of plants in two genera in the family Apocynaceae:

What is the point of learning
Ur (supercontinent)

UR was a supercontinent, on the Earth, that formed 3.1 billion years ago in the early Archaean eon (during the Mesoarchaean era). It might have been the oldest continent on Earth, half a billion years older than Arctica. However, one other supercontinent, Vaalbara, may have come before Ur. Vaalbara might have formed about 3.6 billion years ago. 

Ur joined with the continents Nena and Atlantica about 1 billion years ago to form the supercontinent Rodinia. Ur had survived as a single unit, until it was separated when the supercontinent Pangaea broke apart into Laurasia and Gondwana.

Rocks that made up Ur are now parts of Africa, Australia, and India.

In the early period of Ur's existence, it was probably the only continent on Earth. Therefore, scientists call Ur a supercontinent, even though it was probably smaller than Australia is now. Today's New Zealand is similar to Ur, but rotated 90 degrees out of phase, and about too far south. 

When Ur was the only continent on Earth, all other land was in the form of small granite islands and small land-masses like Vaalbara, which were not large enough to be continents.




Afet İnan

Ayşe Afet İnan (October 30, 1908 – June 8, 1985) was a Turkish historian and sociologist. She was an adopted daughter of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. 
Afet İnan was born to İsmail Hakkı Uzmay and his wife Şehzane Hanım in 29 November 1908 in Salonica Vilayet, Ottoman Empire. In 1935, Afet İnan went to Switzerland again and studied as a student at the University of Geneva between 1936 and 1938. In 1950, she became a professor at the University of Ankara.

She was one of the prominent historians of Turkish history. She was a leading member of the Turkish Historical Society.

She died in June 8, 1985 in Ankara, Turkey. 

1931 Belize hurricane

The 1931 Belize hurricane was a severe tropical cyclone that took place in September 1931. It killed more than twenty-five hundred in Central America, including Belize (called British Honduras at that time). The hurricane struck Belize City with winds near 135 miles per hour. The storm hit on September 10, and then traveled westward over the Yucatán Peninsula of eastern Mexico. It later weakened over the Bay of Campeche, made its final landfall near the northern Mexico-south central Texas border, and then died.

Squanto

Squanto (or Tisquantum, 1580? – November 1622) was a Native American who helped the Pilgrims survive in the New World. He learned to speak English and was hired as a guide and interpreter. He taught the Pilgrims to plant corn. Squanto had much power among the Native Americans and the Pilgrims. He abused it, and barely escaped an Indian execution. He died in 1622 while making a trip around Cape Cod.

Squanto was born around 1580 in the area of present day Plymouth, Massachusetts. He was a member of the Paxutet people. Little is known about his early life. Squanto is thought to have been kidnapped as a young boy along the coast of Maine, and taken to England in 1605. He was taught English. He was hired as a guide and interpreter. He returned to his homeland with John Smith in 1614.

In 1614, Squanto and 23 other Indians were kidnapped by a lieutenant under Smith. This lieutenant sold him and the rest of the Indians as slaves in Malaga, Spain. Many historians have disputed what happened in this period of his life, as there is no written record. One theory is that once the Spanish found out these slaves were from the New World, Spanish friars rescued the remaining Indians, including Squanto, by purchasing them. They sent him on his way to England. It is not known what happened to the others. This is where he was taught English and the ways of the white man. He was employed by John Slaney of the Newfoundland Company, and was sent to Newfoundland around 1617, as an interpreter. He returned to his homeland in North America in 1619.

Upon Squanto's arrival, he discovered his people had been wiped out by disease; he was the sole survivor of the Paxutet people. The Wampanoag people adopted him, although not without hesitation. The chief, Massasoit was suspicious of Squanto due to his exposure with the white man and his new ability to speak their language. He knew Squanto's knowledge of English would help with trade, so he kept him.

In the spring of 1620, the Mayflower made landfall in Cape Cod, then mainland. They set camp on the same grounds of Squanto's people—they called this colony, Plymouth. After the harsh conditions of winter, about half of the colonists died. In the spring of 1621, an Indian who made friend with the English settlers, Samoset took Squanto to the Pilgrim settlement of Plymouth. Samoset could only speak broken English, while Squanto was seen as a master. Squanto was soon living with the people of Plymouth.

He joined them in meeting with Indian tribes. He helped to keep the peace. Tradition says he taught the Pilgrims to catch eels. William Bradford wrote that Squanto was of great help in the first year's spring planting of corn. He showed the Pilgrims both how to plant it and how to tend it. He showed them how to use fish as a fertilizer.

Over the year, Squanto's power went to his head. He told the natives that he had the power to send the white man's plague or to make them attack.This was one of many shady deals he conducted with both the Pilgrims and the natives. He was found out, and barely escaped an Indian execution.

In November 1622, Squanto fell ill with a fever while on a trip around Cape Cod with William Bradford. He may have been poisoned by the Wampanoag. He bled at the nose, and said it was a certain sign of death. He asked Bradford to pray to the Christian god so he might enter Heaven. He gave some gifts to others. He died a few days later in what is now Chatham, Massachusetts.

A Disney movie loosely based on Squanto's Life, "", was released a year before "Pocahontas".

Philippe Coutinho

Philippe Coutinho Correia (born 12 June 1992) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Qatar Stars League club Al-Duhail, on loan from Premier League club Aston Villa, and the Brazil national team.

Coutinho started his career at Vasco da Gama in Brazil. He joined Italian side Internazionale of Serie A in 2008. From there, he was loaned to Vasco da Gama and Espanyol in La Liga. In January 2013, he signed for Premier League club Liverpool for £8.5m. In 2018, he signed for FC Barcelona for £142m.

Coutinho has played for the Brazil national team since 2010. He played for them during the 2015 Copa América, the Copa América Centenario, and during the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers (CONMEBOL).











Blue Slide Park

Blue Slide Park is the first studio album by American rapper Mac Miller. It was released on November 8, 2011, by Rostrum Records. In July 2011, the title was announced. The album was named after a section of Frick Park (which is known as "Blue Slide Park") in Pittsburgh. The park section is at the corner of Beechwood Blvd and Nicholson Street. That is just two blocks from Taylor Allderdice High School where Miller attended. The album cover was designed by his older brother Miller McCormick and Redtape Design.

Notes

Rancho Mirage, California

Rancho Mirage is a resort city in Riverside County, California, United States. The population was 16,999 at the 2020 census. The seasonal (part-time) population can surpass 20,000. Many famous people lived here including Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope, Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, Queen Elizabeth II, and Tom Bosley.

Paterson, New Jersey

Paterson is the largest city in and the county seat of Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States census, the city was the state's third-most-populous municipality, with a population of 159,732, an increase of 13,533 (+9.3%) from the 2010 census count of 146,199Paterson has been known as the Silk City for its once-dominant role in silk production during the latter half of the 19th century. It has since evolved into a major destination for Hispanic immigrants as well as for immigrants from Turkey, the Arab world, and South Asia. Paterson has the nation's second-largest per capita Muslim population.

In 1791, Alexander Hamilton (1755/57–1804), first United States Secretary of the Treasury, helped found the Society for Establishing Useful Manufactures (S.U.M.), which helped encourage the harnessing of energy from the Great Falls of the Passaic River to secure economic independence from British manufacturers. The society founded Paterson, which became the cradle of the industrial revolution in America.

Jim Gaffigan

James Christopher "Jim" Gaffigan (born July 7, 1966) is an American actor and stand-up comedian. He is known for his roles in "Beyond the Pale", "That '70s Show", "My Boys" and in "Chappaquiddick".

Gaffigan was born on July 7, 1966 in Elgin, Illinois. He was raised in Chesterton, Indiana. He studied at La Lumiere School, at Purdue University, and at Georgetown University. Gaffigan has been married to Jeannie Noth since 2003. They have five children. 


John Wooden

John Robert Wooden (October 14, 1910 – June 4, 2010) was an American basketball player and coach. Nicknamed the "Wizard of Westwood", he won ten NCAA national championships in a 12-year period—seven in a row. Wooden was named a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame as a player (inducted in 1961) and as a coach (in 1973), the first person ever to be in both categories. He was a Democrat.

Wooden was born on October 14, 1910 in Hall, Indiana. He studied at Purdue University. Wooden was married to Nellie Riley from 1932 until her death in 1985. They had two children. Wooden died on June 4, 2010 in Los Angeles, California from natural causes, aged 99 .


Dani Harmer

Dani Harmer (born 8 February 1989) is an English actress, best known for her portrayal as Tracy Beaker in "The Story of Tracy Beaker" and "Tracy Beaker Returns". She was an extra in "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". She is also a singer-songwriter. She released a single called "Free". 

Harmer also appeared on appeared on "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2012.

Burial Hill

Burial Hill is a cemetery in Plymouth, Massachusetts. It dates to the 1620s. "Mayflower" passengers are buried here including William Bradford and William Brewster.

Pierre Mauroy

Pierre Mauroy (5 July 1928 – 7 June 2013) was a French Socialist Party politician who was Prime Minister of France from 1981 to 1984 under President François Mitterrand. Mauroy also served as Mayor of Lille from 1973 to 2001. At the time of his death Mauroy was the emeritus mayor of the city of Lille.

Mauroy was born on 5 July 1928 in Cartignies, Nord, France. He studied at École Normale Nationale d'Apprentissage and at the Institut d'études politiques de Paris. Mauroy was married to Gilberte Deboudt from 1951 until his death in 2013. They had one son. Mauroy died on 7 June 2013 in Paris, France from lung cancer, aged 84.


Willi Sitte

Willi Sitte (28 February 1921 – 8 June 2013) was a German painter. For a long time, he was the president of the East German association of visual artists.

Sitte was born on 28 February 1921 in Kratzau, Bohemia, Czechoslovakia to German parents. He was never married and had no children. Sitte died on 8 June 2013 in Halle, Germany from natural causes, aged 92.


1919 Florida Keys hurricane

The Florida Keys Hurricane of 1919 was a strong hurricane in September 1919. It killed more than 770 people. It moved through the Florida Keys and southern Texas. It was the first such storm to cause a lot of damage in Corpus Christi, Texas. This storm did $22 million in damage. In Texas alone, the official number of deaths was 286, but it may have been closer to 600. The winds were around Category 3 level between Brownsville and Corpus Christi. They were at Category 4 levels over the Florida Keys.

Myles Standish Burial Ground

The Myles Standish Burial Ground (also known as Old Burying Ground or Standish Cemetery) is a cemetery in Duxbury, Massachusetts. Myles Standish and other Pilgrims are buried here.

The Myles Standish Burial Ground is the Oldest Cemetery in the United States.

Hurricane Easy (1950)

Hurricane Easy was a powerful Atlantic hurricane in September 1950. It struck Cuba, Florida and then turned inland, eventually dying over Arkansas. The peak winds of Hurricane Easy were 125 mph, at which time this storm was at Category 3 level. The cyclone struck near Cedar Key, Florida on September 5 and well north of Tampa again the following day. No direct deaths came from the storm, although two indirect deaths did take place.

1947 Fort Lauderdale hurricane

The Fort Lauderdale Hurricane of 1947 was a very intense Atlantic hurricane. It affected the Bahamas, southern Florida and the Gulf Coast of the United States. The hurricane struck the Bahamas September 16, 1947, and Florida on September 18. In Florida, between 12 and 19 people died. On September 18 and 19 the storm cut into Louisiana. It also affected Mississippi. Thirty four people died from this hurricane in the Gulf Coast. 51 people died. The storm's winds reached 160 miles per hour, making this hurricane a Category 5.

Guillain–Barré syndrome

Guillain–Barré syndrome (GBS), sometimes Landry's paralysis or Guillain–Barré–Strohl syndrome is a syndrome that causes weakness of the feet and hands. Guillain–Barré syndrome is rare, at 1–2 cases per 100,000 people annually, but is the most common cause of acute non-trauma-related paralysis. The syndrome is named after the French physicians Georges Guillain and Jean Alexandre Barré, who described it in 1916.

Henry Samson

Henry Samson (c. 1603 – 1685) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. Samson was baptized in Henlow, Bedfordshire, England on 15 January 1603/04. His parents were James Samson and Martha (Cooper) Samson. 

When he was sixteen, Henry Samson sailed on the Mayflower with his aunt and uncle Ann (Cooper) Tilley and Edward Tilley and a cousin, Humility Cooper. The Tilleys died in the winter of 1620-21. Samson and Cooper were cared for by other families, but which ones are not known.

Samson was active in Plymouth Colony. He received land grants and volunteered for the Pequot War of 1637. He also did jury duty. He married Anne Plummer on 6 February 1635/6 in Plymouth. They had nine children between about 1638 and about 1654. He died on 3 January 1685. His wife died before him. Both were buried in Cole's Hill Burial Ground in Plymouth.

Substitutionary atonement

Substitutionary atonement is an important part of Christianity. Christians believe that Jesus was crucified in the place of sinners- he was a substitute, meaning that he took the place of the sinners.


Paul Cellucci

Argeo Paul Cellucci (April 24, 1948 – June 8, 2013) was an American politician and diplomat. He was the 69th Governor of Massachusetts and United States Ambassador to Canada.

Cellucci was born on April 24, 1948 in Hudson, Massachusetts. He studied at Boston College Law School and the private Hudson Catholic High School. Cellucci was married to Jan Cellucci until his death in 2013. They had two children.

On November 3, 1998, Paul Cellucci was elected as Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, narrowly defeating Democratic attorney general Scott Harshbarger. He had successfully fought off a challenge from State Treasurer Joe Malone in the September primary. He was sworn in as the 69th Governor of Massachusetts on January 7, 1999.

On April 10, 2001, Cellucci resigned to become U.S. Ambassador to Canada, being appointed by President George W. Bush. This made him the second consecutive Massachusetts governor to resign in order to assume an ambassadorship: his predecessor William Weld resigned after being nominated to be Ambassador to Mexico by President Bill Clinton. (Weld was never confirmed by the United States Senate, however, and hence never was Ambassador.)

In 2008, Cellucci has said that after thirty-five years in public service he had no intention of seeking further office, and that while he had no interest in serving as Vice President, he did not exclusively rule it out. He supported John McCain's candidacy for president in 2008.

On January 6, 2011, Cellucci announced his amyotrophic lateral sclerosis diagnosis, and that it was progressing relatively slowly. Cellucci died on June 8, 2013 in Hudson, Massachusetts from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, aged 65.


Sacrifice

A sacrifice is giving something up. In many religions, it usually is about giving something to God or gods. Many Pagan peoples made human sacrifices and animal sacrifices. The Greek play "Iphigenia" by Euripides contains an example of this. In the Old Testament, Jewish people followed the laws about animal sacrifices in the book of Leviticus. Cows and pigeons were killed to make atonement with God. In the New Testament, Christ's death on the cross is seen as substitutionary atonement for sin.



Iphigenia

Iphigenia is the daughter of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra in Greek myth. She is a heroine in plays by Euripides and Jean Racine.


Ground blizzard

A ground blizzard is where snow or ice on the ground is lifted and blown around by strong winds. Unlike a regular blizzard, there is no snow or ice falling at the time. Instead, the snow or ice is already on the ground, being lifted by strong winds. Like a regular blizzard, a ground blizzard can lower visibility and make driving hard to do.


Andy Kaufman

Andrew Geoffrey "Andy" Kaufman (January 17, 1949 – May 16, 1984) was an American entertainer, comedian, actor, and singer. Kaufman was known for his role as Latka Gravas in the comedy television series "Taxi" and for creating Tony Clifton, a fictional character.

Kaufman was born in New York City to a Jewish family. He was raised in Great Neck, Long Island, New York. Kaufman studied at Grahm Junior College. He was never married and had no children.

Kaufman died on May 16, 1984 in West Hollywood, California from a rare case of lung cancer, aged 35. He was buried at Beth David Cemetery, Elmont, New York.

Kaufman allegedly told many people—including Bob Zmuda—that he wished to fake his own death. This had caused some fans to believe Kaufman was still alive when he died. Kaufman himself said that if he were to fake his death, he would return 20 years later, which would have been in 2004. Many of Kaufman's fans saw a picture that looks similar to that of Andy.

There is a website related to this theory, and, recently, "a grainy video has surfaced that purports to show Kaufman living under an assumed name in Albuquerque, New Mexico.


Richard Ramirez

Ricardo Leyva Muñoz Ramirez, known as Richard Ramirez or The Night Stalker (February 29, 1960 – June 7, 2013) was an American serial killer, and burglar who died while awaiting execution on California's death row. He killed 13 people, tried to kill 5 people,and burglarized 14 buildings. It is thought that there are most likely more kills undiscovered. He was captured on August 31, 1985, after a photo of him was released to the press. He was standing by a corner store when he was spotted by multiple locals, chased and beat until police arrived at the scene.

Ramirez was born on February 29, 1960 in El Paso, Texas. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. He had a harsh upbringing, experiencing multiple tragedies, among other things. 

In 1996, Ramirez married Doreen Lioy when he was in prison.
Ramirez died of lymphoma at Marin General Hospital in Greenbrae, California on the morning of June 7, 2013. 
He was 53 years old. At the time of his death, Ramirez had been on death row for more than 23 years, awaiting execution by the state of California.


Hurricane Edouard (1996)

Hurricane Edouard was the strongest hurricane in 1996. Its winds reached 145 miles an hour. Edouard was at major hurricane status for around eight days. The storm was originally forecast to slam the Northeastern United States. It was much less severe there. 

Edouard generated strong waves that killed two people on the coastal shore of New Jersey. The southeast coast of Massachusetts received minor hurricane force winds that caused minimal damage on Nantucket Island. 

The name Edouard was not retired due to lack of serious damage. The name was used again in the 2002, 2008 and 2014 Atlantic hurricane seasons, and will be again during 2020.

Hook echo

A hook echo is a hook shape seen on a weather radar of some supercell thunderstorms. It is produced by rain, hail, or even debris wrapping around the thunderstorm. A hook echo is a sign that a tornado has formed or is forming. If a hook echo is seen on radar, the National Weather Service may issue a tornado warning.

Hurricane Lili (1996)

Hurricane Lili of 1996 was an intense storm. It caused over $662 million in damage and killed 22 people. It caused much damage in Central America, Cuba, Bahamas and United Kingdom. It also brushed southwestern Florida, but damage there was minimal. Winds of Lili peaked at 115 mph. Despite the heavy damage, the name Lili was not discontinued (retired) in the Spring of 1997.

Érik Bédard

Érik Joseph Bédard (born March 6, 1979 in Navan, Ontario) is a Canadian baseball player. As of 2013, he is a pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball.

He made his MLB debut for the Baltimore Orioles on April 17, 2002. He played for the Orioles in 2002 but suffered an elbow ligament injury that forced him to have operations on it and set his development back 18 months. After he spent most of the 2003 season in rehab, he returned to baseball. On July 7, he struck out 15 Texas Rangers, which matched the Orioles franchise record that was set by Mike Mussina. His 15 strikeouts also set the record for the most in a game by a Canadian player. He earned the American League Pitcher of the month award in that month.

On February 8, 2008, he was traded to the Seattle Mariners in a 5-for-1 deal which sent outfielder Adam Jones and pitchers George Sherrill, Tony Butler, Chris Tillman and Kam Mickolio. He played for the Mariners from 2008 to 2009 and again in 2011.

On July 31, 2011, he was traded along with minor league pitcher Josh Fields to the Boston Red Sox for minor league outfielders Trayvon Robinson and Chih-Hsien Chiang as part of a three team deal with the Los Angeles Dodgers and Seattle Mariners.

He played for the Red Sox in 2011. He was then signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates to a one-year, $4.5 million contract on December 7, 2011. He was released by the Pirates in August after he had 7 wins, 14 losses and an ERA of 5.02 in 24 starts.

On January 21, 2013, the Houston Astros signed him to a minor-league deal.


Hurricane Chantal (1989)

Hurricane Chantal was a moderate hurricane that struck eastern Texas on August 1, 1989. It was Category 1 under the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. It caused thirteen deaths and $100 million in damage in Texas and Louisiana. Near the end of its life, Chantal caused some flooding in the Chicago metropolitan area.

32 fouettés en tournant

32 fouettés en tournant is a movement in classical ballet. It is 32 "fouettés en tournant" performed without stopping.

One "fouetté rond de jambe en tournant" is an action where the dancer stands for a moment on flat foot with the supporting knee bent as the other "working" leg is whipped around to the side, creating the impetus to spin one turn. The working leg is then pulled in to touch the supporting knee as the dancer rises up "en pointe" on the supporting foot. 

32 fouettés were first performed by Pierina Legnani in Marius Petipa's "Cinderella" in 1893.

Konstantin Skalkovsky, the dance critic for the "St. Petersburg Gazette", went to the first performance of "Cinderella". He reported that "...in the last act Legnani positively outdid herself. When Emma Bessone danced the lead in "The Haarlem Tulip" she did 14 fouettés. In her variation Legnani performed 32 of them without stopping, and without travelling one inch! The public delightedly applauded the Ballerina and compelled her to repeat this variation as well. On the repetition she nevertheless did 28 fouettés. To count them became the favourite occupation of the public."

Legnani repeated this feat again in many other ballets during her career. She performed them as Odile in the "Black Swan Pas de Deux" from "Swan Lake" (1895).

Zephyrus

Zephyrus is the West Wind in Greek mythology. He is married to Iris and their child is Pothus.

Alfonso Cabello

Alfonso Cabello Llamas (born September 19, 1993 in Córdoba) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is a C5 type athlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the first person to finish in the C 4-5 1 kilometer race.

Miguel Ángel Clemente Solano

Miguel Angel Clemente Solano (born December 19, 1969 in Murcia) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the third person to finish in the men's visually impaired team pursuit race. 

Maurice Far Eckhard Tió

Maurice Far Eckhard Tio (born July 26, 1983 in Barcelona) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a C2 type athlete. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the third person to finish in the C2 road trial race. 

Johnson County, Iowa

Johnson County is in the US state of Iowa. Its county seat and main city is Iowa City, where the University of Iowa is. As of 2020, 152,854 people live in this county.

María Ángeles Fernández Lebrato

María Angeles Fernandez Lebrato (born September 12, 1970 in Valladolid) is a cyclist and swimmer from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and is an B2/S12 type athlete. She competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in swimming. She was the second swimmer to finish in the 200 meter one person medley and the 100 meter freestyle. She was the third swimmer to finish in the 50 meter freestyle race, 400 meter freestyle race and the 4 x 100 medley Relay 49 Points race. She competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in cycling.

Juan José Méndez

Juan José Méndez Fernandez (born March 27, 1964 in Barcelona) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is a C1 type athlete. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the number three cyclists to finish in the Road Trial LC4 race. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the number two cyclists to finish in the Road Trial LC4 race. He was the number three cyclists to finish in the Individual Pursuit track LC4 race. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. 


César Neira Pérez

Cesar Neira Perez (born December 15, 1979 in Cadalso de Los Vidrios, Madrid) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a C4 type athlete. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the number one cyclists to finish in the Road Trial race. He was the number three cyclists to finish in the Individual Pursuit track race. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. 

John Turner

John Napier Wyndham Turner (June 7, 1929 – September 18, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was the 17th Prime Minister of Canada from June 30 to September 17, 1984. He was the leader of the Liberal Party. He was born in Surrey, England. He and his mother moved to British Columbia in 1932 when his father died.

Turner was elected as a member of Parliament in 1962. He held several positions in Cabinet, including minister of justice and minister of finance under Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau from 1968 to 1975. He resigned his ministry in 1975, and took a break from politics until 1984. During this time, he worked as a lawyer in Toronto. In 1984, Turner returned and successfully ran for the leadership of the Liberal Party. Turner held the office of Prime Minister for just 79 days. Immediately after being sworn in as Prime Minister, he dissolved Parliament and called for new elections. He lost that election by a wide margin. Turner remained as leader of the Liberal Party, and was the Leader of the Opposition for the next six years. His party slightly recovered in the 1988 election. Turner resigned as Opposition leader in 1990, and retired from politics in 1993. He worked as a lawyer he stopped being a politician.

Turner died on September 18, 2020 in Toronto at the age of 91.


Iulia Motoc

Iulia Motoc (born 20 April 1967 in Timişoara) is a Romanian international law professor. From 2010 to 2014, she was a judge at the Constitutional Court of Romania. She was also a member of the Human Rights Committee for many years. She graduated from the School of Law at the University of Bucharest. In October 2013, she was made a judge at the European Court of Human Rights. In January she started her mandate as Judge at the European Court of Human Rights

She is married to Mihnea Motoc (Permanent representative for Romanian to the EU). They have one child.

Mihnea Motoc

Mihnea Motoc (born 11 November 1966, in Bucharest) is the Deputy Head, European political Strategy Centre, European Commission. He was the Ministry of National Defense of Romania from 2015-2017.

Motoc has been a Romanian diplomat since 1990. Since then most of the time he spent in post around the world. In 2003, he joined the United Nations as a permanent representative of Romania. In 2008 he went to Brussels to be a permanent representative of Romania to the European Union. 

In 2013 he has been awarded the "Nicolae Titulescu" prize at "Gala Premiilor Marii Loji Naţionale din Romania" for his diplomatic activity.

He is married to Constitutional Court of Romania judge Iulia Motoc and they have one child.



Tudorel Toader

Tudorel Toader (born 25 March 1960, in Vulturu, Vrancea County) is a Romanian lawyer. Since 2006, he has been a judge at the Constitutional Court of Romania. He was nominated to be a judge by the Chamber of Deputies. Between 1982 and 1986, he studied at The Law University at "Al.I. Cuza" Iași.






Donna Williams

Donna Leanne Williams (born Donna Keene; 12 October 1963 – 22 April 2017) was an Australian singer-songwriter, author and artist. In 1991, she was officially diagnosed as autistic. She wrote four autobiography books: "Nobody Nowhere", "Somebody Somewhere", "Like Colour to the Blind" and "Everyday Heaven". She also wrote several books on autistic spectrum conditions.


Autism rights movement

The autism rights movement is a social movement that wants changes for autistic people and their caregivers. It wants the autism spectrum to be accepted by society as just a difference in ability to function in daily life. It does not believe autism is a mental disorder that needs to be cured.

The autism rights movement is sometimes controversial. It argues against the belief that most people with autism have low intelligence. Some people in the movement do not agree that this is true. There is fear that professionals, such as social workers, may try to prevent autistics from being married or having children. Also, people in the movement say that autistic people should not be treated differently from anyone else.

The movement has a variety of goals:

Autism rights activists are sometimes called neurodiversity activists. Neurodiversity is a word for how everyone's brains are different. Autistic people have different brains to people who do not have autism. People who do not have autism are called neurotypical people. The word 'neurodiversity' is preferred to 'autism' because it is not saying that autism is a medical condition. 'Neurotypical' is said instead of 'normal' because people think that normal means better.


Kids Incorporated

Kids Incorporated, also called "Kids Inc.", was an American children's television program sitcom. The show had children with musical talent in every episode. The show was about singers/dancers and adolescents who had their own dance, rap and dance-rock pop band and group who cover songs, Kids Incorporated. They dealt with subjects like peer pressure and child abuse.

The pilot was recorded in August 31, 1983. It was released on VHS in 1985. The show began in September 1, 1984. The cast members were between eight and seventeen years old. Season 1 was aired on ABC, NBC, Nickelodeon, TBS Superstation, and CBS in 1984-1985. Season 2 was aired on CBN Cable Network and Nickelodeon in 1985-1986. Seasons 3-9 were aired on The Disney Channel in 1986-1994.

In 1984-1987, in seasons 1-3, Andrea Paige Wilson appeared as the 11-14 year old dancer and with Wendy Brainard as a 13-15 year old dancer.

In 1985-1989, in seasons 2-5, Gina Marie Vinaccia appeared as a 10-14 year old dancer.

In 1988-1989, in seasons 5-6, Kimberly Duncan appeared as a maybe 10-12 year old dancer.

In 1991, Fergie had a cameo appearance in the season 7 episode "A New Twist".

In 2016, season 10 will be aired on Disney Channel, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, and TeenNick. Seasons 1-10 will be re-aired or rerun on Disney Channel, Disney XD, TeenNick, Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network.



Oral cancer

Oral cancer is cancer of any part of the mouth. It can start in the mouth, lips, or the oropharynx (the part of the throat at the back of the mouth).

A person can get oral cancer without having any other type of cancer. Oral cancer can also happen because of "metastasis". This means that the person had cancer in some other part of their body, and it spread to the mouth. The person's cancer may be far away from the mouth, or it may be in a part of the body near the mouth. For example, if a person has cancer of the nasal cavity, the cancer can spread to the mouth.

There are a few different types of oral cancers. But about 90% are squamous cell carcinomas. Squamous cells make up the main part of the outer layer of the skin. These cells line the lips, mouth, and throat. A "carcinoma" is a type of cancer that can start in these cells in the skin.

Squamous cell carcinomas most often start in the tongue. But they can also start in any other part of the mouth, including the floor of the mouth (under the tongue); the inside lining of the cheek; the gums; the lips; or the palate (the roof of the mouth).

Other oral cancers include:

Zil Çalınca

Zil Çalınca (), is a Turkish television series. "Zil Çalınca" broadcast on the television channel Disney Channel Turkey.


George Soule

George Soule (ca. 1602 - 1679) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He was a servant of Edward Winslow. In Plymouth, he married Mary (Buckett?). They had 9 children. Soule moved to Duxbury and acquired much property. He served in the Pequot War. He served as a deputy for Duxbury, and was a member of several town committees. He died in 1679. He was buried in the Myles Standish Burial Ground, Duxbury, Massachusetts.

Julius Caesar (movie)

Julius Caesar is a 1953 movie based on the play by Shakespeare. It stars John Gielgud as Cassius, James Mason as Brutus, and Marlon Brando as Antony. Gielgud and Brando both won BAFTA awards for Best Actor (British actor, Foreign actor). Greer Garson played Calpurnia, and Deborah Kerr played Portia. The movie was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. The movie received very good reviews. It won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction. It also won two BAFTA awards for Best British Actor (John Gielgud) and Best Foreign Actor (Marlon Brando).

Water scarcity

Water scarcity is a lack of fresh water. For us, and most land animals, fresh water is drinkable, and sea water is not. This is because sea water has a high salt content, which we and most land animals cannot deal with. 

The need is not just for fresh water, but for "clean water". That usually means water which is free of harmful bacteria and parasites and general dust and dirt. 

In the 1860s the English engineer Joseph Bazalgette organized the London sewers to keep water free of cholera. This was followed by British engineers designing similar waterworks in many countries round the world. Later population growth has increased the demand for fresh water beyond the scope of these original water systems. 

There are arid and desert areas, and places where the water is too polluted to drink. The situation has been made worse by population growth and industrial uses of water. Global warming tends to increase the need for fresh water for all land animals, including humans.

Therefore, water scarcity may be the result of both human and natural causes. Changes in climate and weather patterns can cause the availability of water to drop. Common human causes include over-consumption, bad governance, pollution, and increases in the demand for water.

Different terms are used to describe different types of water scarcity:

The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) estimates that by 2025, 1.9 billion people will be living in countries or regions with total water scarcity, and two-thirds of the world population could be under stress conditions. The World Bank has said that climate change could heavily change the future of water availability and use, and therefore increase water stress on a global scale.

Fresh water scarcity has negative effects on ecology, biodiversity, agriculture and human health. It has also led to armed conflicts in several cases. Some countries upriver have built dams to satisfy their needs for drinking water, irrigation and electric power. These needs have grown as populations has grown, and as climate changes has reduced rain in some places. Down river from the dam, supply is usually reduced. This creates tension between countries. The River Jordan in the Middle East, and the Nile are two good examples of where this is happening. 


A Star Is Born

A Star is Born is a 1954 musical movie starring James Mason and Judy Garland. It was directed by George Cukor. In 2000, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."

Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper starred in the 2018 remake movie.

Iain Banks

Iain Menzies Banks (16 February 1954 – 9 June 2013) was a Scottish writer. He wrote fiction under the name Iain Banks. When he wrote science fiction books he wrote his name as Iain M. Banks. He was known for his book "The Wasp Factory".

Banks was born on 16 February 1954 in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland. He studied at University of Stirling. Banks was married to Annie Banks from 1992 until they separated in 2007. Then he was married to Adele Hartley from March 2013 until his death. He had no children. Politically he supported the Scottish Socialist Party. Banks died on 9 June 2013 from gallbladder cancer after being diagnosed in early April. He was 59 years old. 


The Little Colonel

The Little Colonel is a 1935 movie. It was directed by David Butler. The screenplay by William M. Conselman was adapted from a book of the same name by Annie Fellows Johnston. The movie features the famous staircase dance by Temple and Robinson.


Andre Sennwald in his "New York Times" review of March 22, 1935 wrote, "[a]ll adrip with magnolia whimsy and vast, unashamed portions of synthetic Dixie atmosphere". He further wrote that the movie was "so ruthless in its exploitation of Miss Temple's great talent for infant charm that it seldom succeeds in being properly lively and gay". He finished his review noting the audience applauded for a full eleven seconds after the final fade-out, and that the movie "ought to bring out the best in every one who sees it."


Curly Top

Curly Top is a 1935 musical movie starring Shirley Temple. It was directed by Irving Cummings. It is loosely based on the 1912 children's book "Daddy-Long-Legs" by Jean Webster. The movie tells the story of an orphan adopted by a rich man. Temple introduced one of her signature songs, "Animal Crackers in My Soup", in the movie.

"Curly Top" was a box office hit, but it was banned in Denmark for unspecified "corruption". In China, Madame Chiang Kai-shek asked for repeated private showings.


The Little Princess

The Little Princess is a 1939 movie. It was directed by Walter Lang. It stars Shirley Temple. It is loosely based on the book "A Little Princess" by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It was the first Shirley Temple movie to be filmed completely in Technicolor. It was also her last major success as a child star.


Captain Crewe is called to fight in the Second Boer War. He leaves his daughter Sara at Miss Minchin's School for Girls. One day, his lawyer arrives in the school with news that Captain Crewe has died and his real estate has been confiscated. Sara is now a poor orphan. She becomes a servant in the school. Sara tires of her servant duties. She sneaks off to Veterans Hospital, convinced her father is not dead. She finds him wounded. They reunite joyfully.

According to "Variety", "Transposition of the Frances Hodgson Burnett several-generation favorite, Sara Crewe, is accomplished most successfully. The fairy-tale story is still saccharine to the nth degree, but once the basic premise is established, it rolls along acceptably. And, while the story has been changed for screen purposes, the general line is close enough."

Benjamin R. Crisler reviewed the film when it opened in New York City at the Roxy Theatre. He wrote, "With any other child on earth, it is amazing to reflect, "The Little Princess" would stand out as one of the most glaring exhibits of pure hokum in screen history; with Mistress Temple, it may very well be, as Mr. Zanuck unflinchingly proclaims, the greatest picture with which Mr. Zanuck has ever been associated."

Janet Maslin, writing for "The New York Times" 44 years later, called it "antiquated enough to seem charming" and concludes "[t]he movie's music, its corny but likable histrionics and its rousing patriotism (it was made in 1939) culminate in a happy ending sure to make even grown-up viewers cry."


Gouache

Gouache, also spelled guache, is a type of paint. It is also commonly called poster paint. It comprises pigment, a binding agent (usually gum arabic), and some additives to make it opaque. An inert white pigment such as chalk is usually added. Gouache covers up whatever is underneath. Water colours, in contrast, are somewhat transparent.

After gouache has dried, any form of paint can be used on the surface, also pastels and crayons. Watercolours on top of a gouache surface are not so runny (fluid) as they are on plain paper. 

The fast-drying quality of gouache makes it a favourite for "en plein air" (outdoor) paintings. It was also a favourite of J. M. W. Turner. 

Gouache also refers to paintings that use this type of paint.

Acrylic paint

Acrylic paint is a fast-drying paint containing pigment in an acrylic polymer emulsion. Acrylic paints can be diluted with water, but are water-resistant when dry. Depending on how much the paint is diluted (with water) or modified with acrylic gels, media, or pastes, the finished acrylic painting can resemble a watercolor or an oil painting, or have its own unique appearance.

Acrylic paint can give a much brighter, more vivid colour than oil paints. It has been much used in modern art, and is cheaper than oil paint, which is rather an expensive material. When dry, acrylic paint usually cannot be removed from a solid surface. 

The Drying time of Acrylic Paints. Galeria Acrylic: Thin color films dry in 10 to 20 minutes, whereas more significant films might take an hour or more to dry. Professional Acrylic: Thin coats dry in 20 to 30 minutes, but more significant layers might take an hour or two. 

In 1934, a German chemical company created acrylic resin. It was first used in the 1940s. Acrylics were commercially available as paint for artists in the 1950s. Later, many advances were made to acrylic paint as more and more people began using it.

Christian Venge Balboa

Christian Venge Balboa (born December 1, 1972 in Barcelona) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the third cyclist to finish in the blind men's Tandem Individual Pursuit track race. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the second cyclist to finish in the men's blind Combined Road race. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the first cyclist to finish in the Tandem Time Trial Road race. He was the second cyclists to finish in the Tandem Individual Pursuit track race. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the first cyclist to finish in the Road Trial race. 

José Enrique Porto Lareo

Jose Enrique Porto Lareo (born October 21, 1977 in Vigo) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind. He competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the second cyclist to finish in the blind men's 1 kilometer track race. He was the third cyclist to finish in the track speed race. 

Francisco Javier Suárez Regueiro

Francisco Javier Suarez Regueiro (born September 10, 1977 in Asturias) is a cyclist from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind. He competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the third cyclist to finish in the Tandem Road race. 

Javier Otxoa

Javier Otxoa Palacios (born August 30, 1974 in Vizcaya – August 24, 2018, Alhaurín de la Torre) was a cyclist from Spain. He was a race car driver before being run over by a car. After being run over by a car, he decided to be a cyclist all the time. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and is a C3 type cyclist. He competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the number 1 racer to finish in the Combined Road race. He was the number 2 cyclist in the Individual Pursuit track race. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He was the number 1 racer to finish in the Road Trial race. He was the number 2 cyclist in the road race.

Otxoa won two gold medals and two silver medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and the 2008 Summer Paralympics.

Otxoa died on 24 August 2018 in Alhaurín de la Torre, Spain from sepsis at the age of 43.

Sour cream

Sour cream or soured cream is a food made from cream that has been fermented. It is thicker than cream, and has a sour taste from lactic acid. Sometimes when bought from a store it has gelatin, rennet, or other things added to make it thicker. Like many other dairy products, it must be kept refrigerated. 

Sour cream is used in many European and American foods. It is used as a sauce for baked potatoes, and as a dressing for salads. Sometimes it is in baked goods like cheesecake and doughnuts. It can be mixed with sugar to make an icing for cakes.

Manuel Buendia Navarrete

Manuel Buendia Navarrete (born March 28, 1957 in Girona) is a skier from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a type B2 skier. He raced at the 1992 Winter Paralympics in para-alpine skiing. He was the number 2 skier in the Super Giant. He raced at the 1994 Winter Paralympics in para-alpine skiing. He was the number 2 skier in the Super Giant, Giant Slalom and Slalom. He raced at the 1998 Winter Paralympics in para-alpine skiing. 

Anna Cohí

Anna Cohí Fornell (born October 5, 1988 in Barcelona) is a skier from Spain. She has a disability: she is blind and is a type B3 skier. She skis with Raquel Garcia Borreguero. She started skiing when she was 3 years old.

Cohí raced at the 2006 Winter Paralympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics. She started competing at the IPC Alpine World Championship in 2003 when she was 15 years old. Cohí has also raced in World Cup and European Cup events and has earned gold medals in the slalom and giant slalom competitions.

Raquel García

Raquel Garcia Borreguero (born August 13, 1986 in Toledo, Spain) is a skier from Spain. She helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. Skiing with Anna Cohí Fornell, she has race in the European Cup, 2010 Winter Paralympics, and IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup. Garcia and Cohí skied with the Spanish national team at a training camp.

Vicente García Salmeron

Vicente Garcia Salmeron (born January 9, 1970 in Granada) is a skier from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a type B1 skier. He raced at the 1994 Winter Paralympics in para-alpine skiing. He was the second skier to finish in the super giant race. 

Gabriel Gorce

Gabriel Gorce Yepes (born August 2, 1990 in Madrid) is a skier from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a type B2 skier. He has raced with skiers who help him go down the mountain including Aleix Suñé, Félix Aznar and Arnau Ferrer. He raced in the European Cup and the IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup, at the IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and the 2010 Winter Paralympics.

Aleix Suñé

Aleix Suñé (born May 21, 1986 in Girona) is a skier from Spain. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skiied at the 2009 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Gabriel Gorce Yepes. He skied at the 2010 Winter Paralympics with Andrés Boira.

Félix Aznar

Félix Aznar is a skier from Spain. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He helped Andrés Boira and Gabriel Gorce Yepes. He skied with Gorce at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver. He raced in the European Cup with Boria and the IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup.

Marcos Manuel Llados

Marcos Manuel Llados (born March 26, 1962 in Madrid) is a ski athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He is a B2 type skier. He ski raced at the 1992 Winter Paralympics. He was the number three skier in the giant slalom race. He ski raced at the 1994 Winter Paralympics. He was the number three skier in the super giant race. 

Eric Villalon

Eric Villalon Fuentes (born April 30, 1973 in Barcelona) is a ski athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He is a B2 type skier. He ski raced at the 1998 Winter Paralympics. He was the number 1 skier in the Super Giant, Giant Slalom and Slalom. He ski raced at the 2002 Winter Paralympics. He was the number 1 skier in the Giant Slalom and Slalom. He was the number 2 skier in the Giant Slalom and Downhill. He ski raced at the 2006 Winter Paralympics. He was the number 2 skier to finish in the Slalom. He was the number 2 skier to finish in the Giant Slalom. 

Hazardous weather outlook

A Hazardous Weather Outlook is a statement used by the National Weather Service in the United States to give information about possible bad weather events that may happen in the next seven days. It may be used to give information about possible strong thunderstorms, heavy rain or flooding, winter weather, or very low or high temperatures.

Daniel Lamata de La Torre

Daniel Lamata de La Torre (born June 22, 1970 in Abrera, Barcelona) is a wheelchair fencing athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he uses a wheelchair and is a category B 2 fencer. He fenced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the one person sword event. 

Carlos Álvarez Nieto

Carlos Álvarez Nieto (born January 24, 1973 in Madrid) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0. 

Milbank, South Dakota

Milbank is a city in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Grant County, and 3,544 people lived there at the 2020 census. Milbank became a city in 1881.


Vicente Aguilar Carmona

Vicente Aguilar Carmona (born April 10, 1970 in Valencia) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0. 

He was a member of the national team in 2013 and competed in the European Championships.

Pedro Antonio García Villa

Pedro Antonio García Villa (born January 26, 1973 in Murcia) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0.

Córdoba

Córdoba usually refers to:

"Córdoba" may also refer to:








Carmelo Garrido Alarcón

Carmelo Garrido Alarcón (born September 12, 1971 in Puertollano, Ciudad Real) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0.

Gonzalo Iván Largo Romero

Gonzalo Iván Largo Romero (born August 1, 1977 in Madrid) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0.

Youssef El Haddaqui Rabil

Youssef El Haddaqui Rabil (born December 28, 1988) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0. 

Alfredo Cuadrado Freire

Alfredo Cuadrado Freire (born May 2, 1969 in Madrid) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0. 

He was a member of the national team in 2013 and competed in the European Championships.

José Luis Giera Tejuelo

José Luis Giera Tejuelo (born July 28, 1985) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0.

He was a member of the national team in 2013 and competed in the European Championships.

José López Ramírez

José Lopez Ramirez (born December 17, 1975 in Málaga) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0. 

Antonio Jesús Martín Gaitán

Antonio Jesús Martin Gaitán (born April 22, 1982 in Málaga) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0. 

He was a member of the national team in 2013 and competed in the European Championships.

Francisco Javier Muñoz Perez

Francisco Javier Muñoz Perez (born December 12, 1985 in Barcelona) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and won 1-0.

He was a member of the national team in 2013 and competed in the European Championships.

Marcelo Rosado Carrasco

Marcelo Rosado Carrasco (born October 2, 1978 in Málaga) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0. 

He was a member of the national team in 2013 and competed in the European Championships.

Adolfo Samuel Acosta Rodríguez

Adolfo Samuel Acosta Rodriguez (born May 19, 1981 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a B1 type sportperson. He played 5-per-team football at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Greece and, won 2-0. He played 5-per-team football at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0. 

He was a member of the national team in 2013 and competed in the European Championships.

Autism Spectrum Quotient

The autism spectrum quotient is a questionnaire which was first published in 2001 by the Autism Research Centre in Cambridge, UK. There are fifty questions in the test, and they are used to decide whether a teenager or an adult wtih average intelligence has symptoms of autism or related autism spectrum conditions. It is commonly used for self-diagnosis of autism-related spectrum conditions.

Hellebore

Hellebores are a type of flowering plants in the Ranunculaceae family. Although some of these plants have names such as "winter rose", "Christmas rose", and "Lenten rose", they are not related to roses. Some of these flowers can also be poisonous.


ʻIolani Palace

Iolani Palace is a building in downtown Honolulu, Hawaii, United States. It was a palace for the kings and queens of Hawaii. It is the only palace in the United States that was used as an official residence by a reigning monarch. Two monarchs governed from Iolani Palace. They were King Kalākaua and Queen Liliuokalani. After Hawaii stopped having kings and queens in 1893, the building was used as the state's capitol building until 1969.

In 1962, Iolani Palace became a National Historic Landmark. The palace was restored and opened to the public as a museum in 1978.

Iolani Palace was built when the king of Hawaii was David Kalākaua. Kalākaua had seen royal palaces in Europe. He had Iolani Palace designed to be like those. It was built of brick and concrete. The building was completed in November 1882. It cost over $340,000. It measures about . It is two stories high. It has a basement. It has four corner towers. It has two towers in the center that are high.

Iolani Palace is the only building of its architectural style. The style is called "American Florentine". The palace had electricity and telephones even before the White House had them.

After Hawaii stopped having kings and queens in 1893, the new government of Hawaii took over Iolani Palace. The palace was renamed the "Executive Building" for the Republic of Hawaii. Officials made a record of what was in the building. The things that could not be used by the new government were sold at public auctions.

Queen Liliuokalani was imprisoned for nine months in a small room on the upper floor after a rebellion in 1895. The quilt she made is still there.

In 1930, the inside of Iolani Palace was remodeled. The wood framing was replaced by steel and reinforced concrete. In 1935, the name was changed back to Iolani Palace.

Iolani Palace was made an official National Historic Landmark on December 29, 1962. On October 15, 1966, it was added as site 66000293 to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Oahu. Government offices left the Palace in 1969 and moved to the new Hawaii State Capitol building.

Many things that used to be in the palace have been returned. Money from the government and private donations paid to help make rooms in the palace look like they did during the monarchy era. Iolani Palace opened to the public in 1978. In the basement is a photographic display of the Palace, the Hawaiian crown jewels, awards given by the monarchs, and regalia worn by the high chiefs of the islands.

The grounds of Iolani Palace are managed by the Hawaii State Department of Land and Natural Resources. The palace building itself is managed as a historical house museum by the Friends of Iolani Palace, a non-profit non-governmental organization. The birthdays of King Kalākaua (November 16) and Queen Kapiolani (December 28) are celebrated with ceremonies.


Gesso

Gesso is a primer or foundation for art painting on wood or canvas. It is a white paint mixture. It has a binder mixed with a pigment. Traditionally, the binder is glue or gelatin, the pigment is chalk, plaster or gypsum. 

Gesso is used in art to prepare a surfaces (wood panels, canvas and sculpture) for painting. Paint and/or other materials are applied on top of the gesso. One reason for covering the surface with gesso is that wood or canvas has a rough or uneven surface, and a colour. Gesso "priming" lets the artist's chosen subject show more clearly than it would otherwise. 

Even if a surface has no roughness, many artists still prime it before starting the painting proper, though they might use a paint or "wash" of their own choosing. They do this because the primer, though it cannot be seen directly, may change and help the quality of light reflected from the surface. Gesso, however, is specially useful for a rough or uneven surface. 

Acrylic gesso, a widely used "ground", is a modern version which is cheaper and easier to use than the traditional type of gesso. It is a combination of calcium carbonate with an acrylic polymer medium latex, a pigment and other chemicals to ensure flexibility and increase life. It is technically not "gesso" at all.

"The Painter's Handbook" notes a problem with using oil paints over an acrylic gesso ground instead of a traditional oil ground, citing a mismatch in flexibility over time that could cause the oil paint to delaminate (flake off).

Viktor Hartmann

Viktor Alexandrovich Hartmann (5 May 1834, St Petersburg – 4 August 1873, Kireyevo near Moscow) was a Russian architect and painter. 

Frances Hodgson Burnett

Frances Eliza Hodgson Burnett (24 November 1849 – 29 October 1924) was a writer. She is famous for her children's books "Little Lord Fauntleroy", "A Little Princess", and "The Secret Garden".


United World College of South East Asia

United World College of South East Asia (UWCSEA) is an independent school in Singapore. It is branch of an international school called United World College. UWCSEA has two campuses that are based in Singapore, one on Dover Road at the Mid-West of the city and one at Tampines Avenue in the Tampines District. UWCSEA is a kindergarten, elementary, middle and high school. Many famous people like Akihiko Hoshide, who has gone into space, have graduated from UWCSEA.

A Little Princess

A Little Princess is a children's book by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It was published in 1905. The story is about a rich little girl who suddenly becomes poor. The book has been made into stage plays, television programs, and movies.

In 2007, the National Education Association named the book one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children."

Jessica Walter

Jessica Walter (January 31, 1941March 24, 2021) was an American actress. She played Lucille Bluth in the television sitcom "Arrested Development". She also played Tabitha Wilson in the series "90210".

Walter received an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or TV Movie. She won that award for playing Amy Prentiss in the police drama television series of the same name.

She was married to Ron Leibman from 1983 until his death in 2019.

Walter was born in Brooklyn, New York.

She died on March 24, 2021 at her apartment in Manhattan, aged 80.

Judith McConnell

Judith McConnell (born April 6, 1944 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American actress. She acts in soap operas. She played Sophia Wayne Capwell on the soap opera "Santa Barbara". She also played Nurse Augusta McLeod on the series "General Hospital".

Little Lord Fauntleroy

Little Lord Fauntleroy is a children's novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett. The story was first published in parts (serialization) in "St. Nicholas Magazine" between November 1885 and October 1886. It was published in book form by Scribner's in 1886. It was illustrated by Reginald B. Birch. The book has been translated into several languages. The story is about a poor American boy who inherits a great English estate. The story has been made into stage plays, television programs, and movies.

The Secret Garden

The Secret Garden is a children's novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It was published in parts (serialization) in "The American Magazine" in 1910. It was published in book form in 1911. The story is about three children whose lives are changed while tending a neglected garden. The story has been made into stage plays, television programs, and movies.


Ragged Dick

Ragged Dick; or, Street Life in New York with the Boot Blacks is a boys' book by Horatio Alger, Jr. It was published in parts (serialization) in the magazine "Student and Schoolmate" in 1867. It was then published as a book in 1868 by A. K. Loring of Boston, Massachusetts. It was the first of six books in the "Ragged Dick" series. It was Alger's bestselling book.

Ragged Dick is a poor bootblack (shoe shine boy) in New York City. He makes his life better by working hard and being honest. He opens a bank account and takes a frail boy named Fosdick into his little apartment. Fosdick teaches Dick to read, write, and do arithmetic. One day, Dick saves a rich man's child from drowning. He is rewarded with money and a clerk's job in the man's firm.

Beyond: Two Souls

Beyond: Two Souls is an interactive drama and action-adventure game developed by Quantic Dream and released for the PlayStation 3 in 2013. The game was later remastered and re-released for the PlayStation 4 in 2015, and was also made available for Microsoft Windows in 2019. It is directed and written by David Cage, the founder of Quantic Dream, and features performances by actors Elliot Page and Willem Dafoe. The player controls Jodie Holmes through 15 years of her life from age eight to age 23 as she goes on a journey to discover the true meaning of the entity Aiden, who has been alongside her throughout her life.

The game received mixed reviews upon release.

The game was announced at Sony's press conference during the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2012 by David Cage. At that conference, Page was confirmed to star in the game. The game's soundtrack was composed by Normand Corbeil, who died of pancreatic cancer on 25 January 2013 before the game's release. The soundtrack was later completed by Lorne Balfe.

Beyond: Two Souls received mixed reviews upon release. Critics praised Page's performance, with IGN's Colin Moriarty writing ""Beyond: Two Souls" is compelling enough, principally thanks to a remarkable performance from [Elliot] Page. But never before have I felt like such a passive participant in a video game, my choices and actions merely icing on a dense, multi-layered cake." Similarly, Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell stating that ""Beyond" is [...] poorly served by the limited interactivity and stodgy controls of Quantic's interactive drama formula."

Along with "Heavy Rain", which was also made by Quantic Dream, "Beyond: Two Souls" received a remaster on PlayStation 4, which released on 24 November 2015.

The game was released alongside "Heavy Rain" and "" for PC's running Microsoft Windows on 22 July 2019.


Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King

The Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King is an American helicopter built by Sikorsky. It was used by the U.S. Navy between 1961 and 2006 for finding and destroying submarines, search and rescue, and utility. It produced under licence in Italy, Japan, and United Kingdom for military users. Civil helicopters are known as Sikorsky S-61.

Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King is a twin-engines helicopter, with a five-blade rotor. It is made of metal. It can carry torpedos or naval missiles like American "Harpoon" or French "Exocet". It can carry up to 15 passengers or injured on board. The cockpit is for two people, pilot and co-pilot.

Sea King is (or was) used in 2013 by : Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, India, Iran, Iraq, Italy, Japan, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Spain, and USA. Countries that used British versions of Sea King are not included, see at Westland Sea King.


Westland Sea King

Westland Sea King is a British helicopter built by Westland. It is a licence-built version of the American SH-3 Sea King. Transport duty versions are known as Westland Commando.

Westland Sea King is used for finding and destroying submarines, search and rescue, VIP air transport, utility, electronic warfare, and special forces support.

In 2013 Westland Sea King is (or was) in service in Australia, Belgium, Egypt, Germany, India, Norway, Pakistan, Qatar, UK. In the UK, the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy used this helicopter.


Louvre Pyramid

The Louvre Pyramid is a pyramid built of glass and metal. It is in the Musée du Louvre, in Paris. The architect I. M. Pei designed the building. It opened to visitors in 1989. French president François Mitterrand spoke at the opening.

Contrail

A contrail (condensation trail) is a cloud-like trail of water vapor or ice crystals left by an airplane. When jet fuel burns, it produces water vapor and carbon dioxide. The water vapor condenses (turns from gas to liquid) because of the low temperature at the high altitude that the plane is flying. The chemtrail conspiracy theory claims that these trails may contain harmful chemicals being sprayed by government organizations.

Neufchâtel

Neufchâtel is a French cheese product from Neufchâtel-en-Bray, in Seine-Maritime, Normandy. It generally takes the form of a heart or a small brick. It has a salty taste, and a similar texture to Camembert cheese. It is made from unpasteurized cow's milk. This cheese is protected by an Appellation d'origine contrôlée - meaning that no other area can claim to make it.

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006 was the fourth edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest. It was for young singers aged 8 to 15. The contest was broadcast live from Bucharest, Romania on 2 December 2006. It was the second time the contest had been held in a capital city. It was organised by the Romanian national broadcaster, Romanian Television (TVR), in co-operation with the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). TVR won the rights to host the contest over AVRO of the Netherlands (who hosted the next contest). Croatia also showed an interest in hosting this contest.

Below is a summary of all 12 points received:





Green Mansions

Green Mansions: A Romance of the Tropical Forest is a book by W. H. Hudson (William Henry Hudson). It was published in 1904. The story is about a jungle-dwelling girl, Rima, and Abel, the man who loves her. The story has been adapted to opera, a movie starring Audrey Hepburn, and comic books.

Radionuclide

A radionuclide is a naturally or artificially produced radioactive isotope of an element. They are often referred to as radioactive isotopes or radioisotopes. Radionuclides produce ionizing radiation. Some are used in nuclear medicine.

Kidnapped (novel)

Kidnapped is a book by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1886. It tells the story of the 18th-century "Appin Murder" following the Jacobite Rising. Some of the characters in the book were based on real people. The book has been adapted to movies many times and to comic books.


A Child's Garden of Verses

A Child's Garden of Verses is a book of poems by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1885. The book's subject is childhood. Well-known poems include "My Shadow", "The Swing", and "The Land of Counterpane".


The Black Arrow

The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses is a book by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1888. It has been adapted to movies, comic books, and other media.

Island Nights' Entertainments

Island Nights' Entertainments is a book of three short stories by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1893. It is also known as "South Sea Tales". The stories are "The Beach of Falesá", "The Bottle Imp", and "The Isle of Voices". The book was one of the last books Stevenson wrote. He died in 1894.

The Master of Ballantrae

The Master of Ballantrae: A Winter's Tale is a book by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1889. It has been adapted to movies, comic books, and other media.

The Young Acrobat

The Young Acrobat of the Great North American Circus is a boys' book by Horatio Alger, Jr. It was first published in parts (serialization) in the magazine "Golden Argosy" in 1887. It was published as a book in 1888 by Frank A. Munsey of New York. The setting of the book was suggested to the writer by his friend, circus showman P. T. Barnum.

Kit, a young teen boy, is an orphan. He is cheated of his inheritance by his guardian. His guardian sends him off to work with a brutal, stupid blacksmith. The boy runs away. He joins the circus. He is followed by the blacksmith. The boy stays away from him. He becomes a big star in the circus. Later, he is restored to his rightful place with the help of a man who was his father's friend.

Nintendo Direct

Nintendo Direct is an online presentation produced by Nintendo. It is used to give information about upcoming Nintendo content and products such as video games and consoles. It is hosted by different people depending on the country where it airs. In Japan, it was hosted by Nintendo president Satoru Iwata but ever since he died in July 2015, It has been hosted by Yoshiaki Koizumi. In North America, it is hosted by Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime. In Europe, it is hosted by Nintendo of Europe president Satoru Shibata. It began in Japan on October 21, 2011. It started to air in other countries later on. There are five different types of "Nintendo Direct" presentations:


William Henry Hudson

William Henry Hudson (4 August 1841 – 18 August 1922) was a writer, naturalist, and ornithologist. He wrote "Green Mansions.



C-3PO

C-3PO is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" series. He is a translator droid/robot that speaks over 6 million languages. He has a humanoid form and is present in every movie of the saga with the exception of Solo. His companion is R2-D2. Anthony Daniels plays C-3PO and is the only person to appear in all 11 "Star Wars" films.

Jack and Jill: A Village Story

Jack and Jill: A Village Story is a children's book by Louisa May Alcott. It was published in 1880.

Jack Minot and Janey Pecq are best friends who live next door to each other. They are always seen together. Janey gets the nickname of Jill, to mimic the old Jack and Jill rhyme. Seriously injured in a sledding accident, they recover from their physical injuries, while learning life lessons along with their many friends. They are helped along their journey to recovery by various activities created by their mothers.


Neil Simon

Neil Simon (July 4, 1927 – August 26, 2018) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He wrote more than thirty plays and almost the same number of movie screenplays, most adapted from his plays. He has received more Oscar and Tony Award nominations than any other writer.

Simon was born on July 4, 1927 in The Bronx, New York City to a Jewish family. He studied at New York University and at the University of Denver. Simon was married five times. The first four ended in divorce. He was married to Elaine Joyce from 1999 until his death in 2018. Simon had three children, including one adopted child. 

Simon died on August 26, 2018 of complications from pneumonia after being on life-support while hospitalized for renal failure in Manhattan, aged 91. He also had Alzheimer's disease.


Angus King

Angus Stanley King, Jr. (born March 31, 1944) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from the state of Maine. A political independent, he served as the 72nd Governor of Maine from 1995 to 2003.

King won Maine's United States Senate election in Maine, 2012 and took office on January 3, 2013. For committee assignment purposes, he caucuses with the Democratic Party.

King was born on March 31, 1944 in Alexandria, Virginia. He studied at Dartmouth College and at University of Virginia. King has been married to Mary Harman since 1984. They have five children. He now lives in Brunswick, Maine.


Game (game theory)

A game in game theory is a mathematical model, which is used to describe a process, as follows:
This definition excludes all "games" where there is only one actor. Game theory developed from describing very specific games into a model that is used for strategic decision-making. John von Neumann and Oskar Morgenstern first described game theory. Other people known for their work in game theory include Émile Borel.

Archimedes' screw

Archimedes' screw is a machine. It is a type of pump used for raising water up. It is a screw inside a fairly tight-fitting cylinder. With the bottom end in water, the screw lifts water up to the top, where it pours out of a spout. The screw can be turned by hand, or by a windmill, or by an engine. The screw is often used for filling irrigation ditches.

Archimedes wrote about it when he was in Alexandria, Egypt. It is not known for certain whether he did invent it, but it is always attributed to him. The Archimedes screw is still much in use all over the world.

There is also a kind of reverse Archimedes' screw. Water poured in on top turns the screw. The turning drives an electric generator, which makes electricity. It is good for rivers with modest water drops ('low heads'). The reverse screw has the same benefits as using the screw for pumping: it can handle very dirty water and widely varying rates of flow, with high efficiency.


Ezra

Ezra (; , "Ezra"; fl. 480–440 BC), is a highly respected figure in Judaism.

He is called Ezra the Scribe (, "Ezra ha-Sofer") and Ezra the Priest in the Book of Ezra. In an early Greek translation of the bible, the Septuagint, the name is written as "Esdras" (), from which comes . His name may be an abbreviation of "", "God-helps".

In Islam he is known as Uzair (). He was mentioned in the Qur'an.

The "Book of Ezra" and "Book of Nehemiah" are the oldest sources for the history of Ezra. Many of the other books they say are written by Ezra (First Esdras, 3-6 Ezra) are written after that. Those books take the story from the books of Ezra and Nehemiah.

Ezra was a member of the family of Seraiah the high priest. He lived in Babylon when in the seventh year (~ 457 BCE) of Artaxerxes, king of Persia, the king sent him to Jerusalem to teach the laws of God to any who did not know them.

Ezra led a large group of exiles back to Jerusalem. He discovered that Jewish men had been marrying non-Jewish women. He worked to stop this from happening again.

Some years later the king Artaxerxes sent a Jewish nobleman, Nehemiah, to Jerusalem. He had to rebuild the city walls. Once this was done, Nehemiah asked Ezra to read the Law of Moses (the Torah) to the people. The people and priests agreed to keep to this law and to separate themselves from all other peoples.

The second book of Esdras was written a lot later, c. AD 100. In this book, Ezra talks with an angel or God three times and has four visions. At the end, he is taken up to heaven like Enoch and Elijah. Ezra is seen as a new Moses in this book.

Judaism believes Ezra started the Great Assembly of scholars and prophets. Later, this would become the Sanhedrin, the authority when it comes to religious law.

It is said that Ezra was the writer of the Books of Chronicles.

His tomb at Al-ʻUzair on the banks of the Tigris near Basra, Iraq, is a pilgrimage site for the local Marsh Arabs.



Olga Prokhvatylo

Olga Borisovna Prokhvatylo (; July 18, 1968 – June 8, 2013) was a Russian actress and comedian most famous for her roles in Russian TV Series of 2000s.

After having back pains, Prokhvatylo died in Moscow on June 8, 2013 from heart failure.

Turkana boy

Turkana boy, or Nariokotome boy, is the fossil KNM-WT 15000. It is a nearly complete skeleton of a hominid who died in the early Pleistocene 1.5 million years ago (mya), near present-day Lake Turkana in northwest Kenya. This specimen is the "most complete early human skeleton ever found". It was first classified as "Homo erectus"; after much heated debate, it was re-classified as "Homo ergaster".

His age at death has been estimated from 7 years six months to as old as 15 years. The most recent scientific review suggests 8 years of age. It was first thought that he would have grown to 1.85 m tall, but recently a height of 1.63 m was proposed. Research showed that his growth differed from that of modern humans: he would have had a shorter and smaller adolescent growth spurt.

The skeleton was discovered in 1984 by Kamoya Kimeu, a member of a team led by Richard Leakey, at Nariokotome near Lake Turkana in northwest Kenya.

The shape of the pelvis identifies that the specimen was a male. His estimated age at death depends upon whether the maturity stage of his teeth or skeletal is used, and whether that maturity is compared to that of modern humans or chimpanzees.

A key factor here is that while modern humans have a marked adolescent growth spurt, chimpanzees do not. While initial research assumed a modern human type of growth, more recent evidence from other fossils suggests this was less present in early "Homo". This affects the estimation of both his age and his likely stature as a fully grown adult.

The pelvis is narrower than in "Homo sapiens", which might indicate more efficient running, whether to run down small game or to avoid predators. The Boy was relatively tall, which would have increased his surface area and helped him to lose heat.

Body hair may also have been thinner to hasten cooling. Body hair was lost in the shift towards savanna living. In equatorial Africa, modern humans evolved this trait an estimated one million years ago.

The skeleton still had features (such as a low sloping forehead, strong brow ridges, and the absence of a chin) not seen in "H. sapiens". The arms were slightly longer. Turkana Boy had a projecting nose rather than the open flat nose seen in apes.


Heinkel He 114

The Heinkel He 114 is a Nazi German two-seated biplane seaplane. It is used by Luftwaffe, and Romanian, Spanish, and Swedish air forces for aerial reconnaissance. Maiden flight was in 1936 and it started on unit on 1939. It was built by Heinkel.

Short 330

The Short 330 is a British twin-engines airliner used for regional and domestic flights. It can carry about 30 passengers. It was built between 1974 and 1992 by Short Brothers in Belfast. It is used by the US Army and US Air Force as C-23 Sherpa. Short 360 is a modernized variant.

Short 360

The Short 360 is a twin-engines British airliner built by Short Brothers in Belfast. Used for domestic flights, it can carry about 30 passengers. It is a variant of the Short 330. Its first test flight was in 1981. It was built between 1981 and 1991.

Technical University Munich

The Technische Universität München (TUM; "University of Technology, Munich"; "Technical University of Munich") is a research university with campuses in Munich, Garching and Freising-Weihenstephan. It was founded in 1868. The university alumni and professor list include 17 Nobel Prize winners. As of winter semester 2018 TUM has 41.375 students, 566 professors, and 10.501 staff members.

Raindrop Prelude

The Prelude Op. 28, No. 15, by Frédéric Chopin is known as the "Raindrop" prelude. It is one of the 24 Chopin preludes. This is the longest of the preludes. It lasts between five and seven minutes. The prelude is famous for its repeating A-flat. This note appears throughout the piece. It sounds like raindrops to many listeners. It is known for it's repetitive raindrop motif.

Some of the Preludes were written during Chopin and George Sand's stay at a monastery in Valldemossa, Majorca in 1838. In her "Histoire de ma vie", Sand told how one evening she and her son Maurice, returning from Palma, Majorca, in a terrible rainstorm, found a frantic Chopin who cried, "Ah! I knew well that you were dead." While playing his piano he had a dream:
"He saw himself drowned in a lake. Heavy drops of icy water fell in a regular rhythm on his breast, and when I made him listen to the sound of the drops of water indeed falling in rhythm on the roof, he denied having heard it. He was even angry that I should interpret this in terms of imitative sounds. He protested with all his might – and he was right to – against the childishness of such aural imitations. His genius was filled with the mysterious sounds of nature, but transformed into sublime equivalents in musical thought, and not through slavish imitation of the actual external sounds."

Sand did not say which prelude Chopin played for her at that time. Most music critics think it was no. 15, because of the repeating A flat, with its suggestion of the "gentle patter" of rain. Peter Dayan points out that Sand accepted Chopin's protests that the prelude was not an "imitation" of the sound of raindrops, but a "translation" of nature's harmonies within Chopin's "génie". Frederick Niecks says that the prelude "rises before one's mind the cloistered court of the monastery of Valdemosa, and a procession of monks chanting lugubrious prayers, and carrying in the dark hours of night their departed brother to his last resting-place.

The prelude opens with a "serene" theme in D flat. It then changes to a "lugubrious interlude" in C sharp minor, "with the dominant pedal never ceasing, a basso ostinato". The repeating A flat, which has been heard throughout the first section, here becomes more insistent. Following this, the prelude ends with a repetition of the original theme. Niecks says, "This C sharp minor portion...affects one like an oppressive dream; the re-entrance of the opening D flat major, which dispels the dreadful nightmare, comes upon one with the smiling freshness of dear, familiar nature – only after these horrors of the imagination can its serene beauty be fully appreciated.



Sisseton, South Dakota

Sisseton is a city in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Roberts County, and 2,479 people lived there at the 2020 census. Sisseton became a city in 1907.


GSSP

A GSSP, more fully a Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point, is an internationally agreed point which defines the start of a stage on the geologic time scale.

The work is done by the International Commission on Stratigraphy, a part of the International Union of Geological Sciences. As of 2012, 64 of the 101 stages that need a GSSP have been decided.

A geologic section has to follow the rules to be adapted as a GSSP by the ICS. The list below are the rules:


This list shows some of the GSSPs.

Because defining a GSSP depends on finding well-preserved geologic sections and identifying key events, this task becomes more harder as one goes farther back in time. Before 640 million years ago, boundaries on the geologic timescale are defined simply by reference to fixed dates, known as "Global Standard Stratigraphic Ages". The oldest GSSP is the one that marks the start of the Ediacaran at 635 million years ago.

Neurodiversity

Neurodiversity is a word for differences in people's brains. It is a type of biodiversity (diversity in living creatures).

Examples of neurodiverse conditions include autism, Tourette syndrome, ADHD, and dyslexia.

The neurodiversity movement is an approach to mental disability in which some neurological conditions are variations of the human brain. The term was first used in the late 1990s as a challenge to the idea that neurological differences are disorders instead of features. The movement believes that these variations should be recognised as a social category along with gender, human race and sexual orientation.

Some people claim that neurodiversity would not be good for individuals with severe disabilities, such as low-functioning autism. They state that the difficulties are far greater than any potential strengths.


Luo Meizhen

Luo Meizhen (July 9, 1885 – June 11, 2013) was a Chinese woman who claimed to be the world's oldest person. It is unknown if Meizhen was the world's oldest person since there China did not keep birth certificates when she was born. She was allegedly the world's oldest woman. 

Meizhen died of natural causes at the claimed age of 127 on June 11, 2013 in Guangxi.

Hampstead Heath

Hamstead Heath is a large park Hampstead, North London, which is taken care of by the City of London.


Milt Schmidt

Milton Conrad Schmidt (March 5, 1918 – January 4, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, coach and general manager, mostly for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League. He was an Honoured Member of the Hockey Hall of Fame. From 2014 until his death in 2017, Schmidt was the oldest living former NHL player.

Schmidt was born on March 5, 1918 in Kitchener, Ontario. He was raised in Toronto, Ontario. Schmidt died on January 4, 2017 from a stroke in Needham, Massachusetts, aged 98.

Gordon B. Hinckley

Gordon Bitner Hinckley (June 23, 1910 – January 27, 2008) was an American religious leader and author. He was the 15th President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from March 12, 1995 until his death. Considered a prophet, seer, and revelator by church members. Hinckley was the oldest person to preside over the church in its history.

Hinckley was born on June 23, 1910 in Salt Lake City, Utah. He studied at the University of Utah. Hinckley was married to Marjorie Pay in 1937. She died in 2004. They had five children. Hinckley died on January 27, 2008 in Salt Lake City, Utah from cancer, aged 97. 


Misao Okawa

Okawa was born on 5 March 1898, in the Tenma district (present-day Kita-ku) of Osaka, and in her latter years lived at a nursing home in Higashisumiyoshi-ku, Osaka. She married Yukio in 1919, and had three children, two of whom were still alive at the time of her death. She also had four grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.

On 27 February 2013, a few days before her 115th birthday, Misao Okawa was officially recognized by Guinness World Records as the oldest living woman in the world, and was presented with a certificate at her nursing home in Osaka.

Happy Feet Two

Happy Feet Two is a 2011 Australian-American 3D computer-animated family musical movie directed by George Miller. It is a sequel to Miller's 2006 movie "Happy Feet". It stars Elijah Wood, Robin Williams, Hugo Weaving, Magda Szubanski, and Anthony LaPaglia reprising their roles from the first movie. Brad Pitt also stars in the movie.

Mario Kart 8

Mario Kart 8 (stylized as MARIOKART8) is a racing video game released on May 30, 2014 for the Wii U game console. It is part of the "Mario Kart" series.

The game is like the other "Mario Kart" games, where characters from the "Mario" series race each other in go-karts. Players are able to use items from item boxes to keep their opponents from winning. Along with go-karts, the game also has motorcycles. There are 12 players in a race. Like in "Mario Kart 7", karts have hang-gliding attachments, and players are able to drive underwater. For the first time in the series, players are able to drive on walls and ceilings. There is one new types of vehicles: and four-wheel buggies. There is local and online multiplayer for up to 12 players. Players include Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, etc. The first DLC track pack was revealed in October 2014.

A port remake titled Mario Kart 8 Deluxe was released on the Nintendo Switch in 2017, having pre-installed and changed some in-game mechanics such as the battle mode. All characters are unlocked from the start except Gold Mario. The port received widespread critical acclaim due to big improvements over the original game.

Mario Kart 8 sold 8.45 million copies and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe sold 33.41 million copies.

Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U

Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U are two fighting video games for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U game consoles. They were developed by Sora Ltd. and Namco Bandai Games and published by Nintendo. They act as the fourth game in the "Super Smash Bros." series. The 3DS game was released on September 13, 2014. The Wii U game was released on November 21, 2014.

Like the past games in the series, "Super Smash Bros." involves characters from Nintendo series fighting against each other, with the object of knocking opponents off of the stage in some way. Characters from past "Super Smash Bros." games that are in these games include Mario, Luigi, Bowser, Princess Peach, Yoshi, Link, Princess Zelda, Sheik, , Fox McCloud, Kirby, King Dedede, Pikachu, Lucario, Charizard, Donkey Kong, Diddy Kong, Samus Aran, Zero Suit Samus, Marth, Ike, Pit, Sonic the Hedgehog, and Olimar. There are six new characters: Villager from the "Animal Crossing" series, Mega Man from the "Mega Man" series, the "Wii Fit" Trainer, Rosalina from the "Mario" series., Little Mac from the "Punch-Out!!" series, Greninja from the "Pokémon" series, the Mii, Palutena from the "Kid Icarus" series, and Pac-Man from the "Pac-Man" series. There are also many hidden characters which can be unlocked. These are called "Secret Characters" by the official Super Smash Bros. Website.

The Wii U version has high-definition graphics. The Nintendo 3DS version has cel-shaded (computer graphics made to look like they were drawn by hand) graphics. Both versions have the same number of characters, but have stages that are only in either version. The Nintendo 3DS version has more stages based on Nintendo's handheld video games. The Wii U version has more stages based on their console video games. For the first time in the series, players can change the movesets of characters. They can play with characters they have changed the movesets of in single-player and with friends.

Some characters in the game were released as downloadable content. Mewtwo, who had last appeared in "Melee", was released on April 28, 2015 and was made available on April 15, 2015 for members of Club Nintendo who had purchased and registered both 3DS and Wii U versions of the game before March 31, 2015. Lucas from "Mother 3", who had last appeared in "Brawl", and Roy from "", who last appeared in "Melee", made their returns and were released on June 14, 2015. Ryu from the "Street Fighter" series was also announced as a new character and was released alongside Lucas and Roy. On November 12, 2015, it was announced that Cloud Strife from "Final Fantasy VII" would be joining as a newcomer.

On April 1, 2015, a ballot was launched on the official "Smash Bros" website, which allowed players to nominate video game characters to be added as playable characters. The ballot's deadline was on October 3, 2015. On December 15, 2015, a special "Smash Bros." broadcast was shown. Cloud Strife was released after the broadcast. Corrin from "Fire Emblem Fates" and Bayonetta from the series of the same name were announced as the last downloadable characters. They were released on February 3, 2016. Bayonetta was chosen as the winner of the "Smash Bros." ballot. She ranked first in Europe and was among the top five in North America among "realizable" characters.


Holden Monaro

The Holden Monaro was a sports car created by Holden. It was produced between 1968 and 1977 and again between 2001 and 2006. The Monaro was named after a region of New South Wales.

The 1968 Monaro came in 7 different models, ranging from a straight-six cylinder engine up to a V8 engine. The Monaro had eight different models over two generations.
The HK, HT and HG, were first generation models. It was also sold in South Africa as the Chevrolet SS. The HQ, HJ, HX, HX Limited Edition and HZ GTS form the second generation.

The 2001 Monaro came in two models over four years, with both platforms being based Holden Commodore that was produced at the time. It came with a 3.8-litre supercharged V6 engine or a 5.7-litre V8 engine. It was also sold in the United States as the Pontiac GTO and in England as the Vauxhall Monaro. It was also modified by Holden Special Vehicles and sold as the HSV Coupé.

Super Mario 3D World

Super Mario 3D World is a 2013 platform video game released for the Wii U. It is part of the "Mario" series. It is the sequel to the 2011 Nintendo 3DS game "Super Mario 3D Land". It was released in Japan on November 21, 2013, in North America on November 22, 2013, in Europe on November 29, 2013, and in Australia on November 30, 2013. A Nintendo Switch remaster, Super Mario 3D World + Bowser's Fury, was announced during a "Super Mario Bros. 35th Anniversary" themed Nintendo Direct and was released worldwide on February 12, 2021.

Players control Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, and Toad. Like in "Super Mario Bros. 2", each character has its own unique abilities. Luigi can jump higher than other characters, Princess Peach can float in midair for a short time, and Toad can run fast. Rosalina also appears as a fifth playable character, who needs to be unlocked in order to play as her. She can use the spin attack move that is seen in "Super Mario Galaxy" and "Super Mario Galaxy 2", but is the slowest character. There is a new item called the Super Bell that turns the player into their cat form, which allows players to climb up walls, run faster, perform unique attacks, and run up to the top of the goal pole at the end of each level. The game features a multiplayer mode.

Ann Turner Cook

Ann Turner Cook (November 20, 1926 – June 3, 2022) was an American mystery novelist, who was the model for the familiar Gerber Baby artwork seen on baby-food packages of the Gerber Products Company.

Cook was born on November 20, 1926. She studied at the University of Southern Florida. 

After retiring from teaching, Cook became a novelist. A member of the Mystery Writers of America, she was the author of the Brandy O'Bannon series of mystery novels set on Florida's Gulf Coast. The adventures of Florida reporter and amateur sleuth O'Bannon are detailed in "Trace Their Shadows" (2001) and "Shadow over Cedar Key" (2003).

She died at her home in St. Petersburg, Florida, on June 3, 2022, at age 95.


Shane

Shane is a male first name, or a surname. Shane has been a favored name for males for centuries, with Irish roots and a derivation from the Gaelic name Seán, signifying "God is gracious." The name has been in use in Ireland since the 6th century and has subsequently spread to other regions of the globe. It is a form of the Irish name Sean, or Shawn, which means John. The pronunciation of the name is [ sheyn ]. This name was ranked #493 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 



Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze

Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze is a platform video game for the Wii U game console. It was developed by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo. It is the seventh game in the "Donkey Kong Country" series. It is the sequel to the 2010 Wii game "Donkey Kong Country Returns". It was released on February 21, 2014.

The story is about a group of Viking animals that invade Donkey Kong Island. Players are able to play as Donkey Kong, Diddy Kong, Dixie Kong, and Cranky Kong. This game is the first game to have Dixie Kong as a playable character since "" It has two-player multiplayer.

The music for this game was composed by David Wise. David Wise wrote the music for the original Super Nintendo "Donkey Kong Country" games a very long time ago. He was not involved in "Donkey Kong Country Returns", which was released in 2010. A port was released for the Nintendo Switch on May 4, 2018.

The Pogues

The Pogues are an English Celtic punk band. They were founded in 1982 in London. Shane MacGowan is the lead singer. Joe Strummer also played with them. They are best known for their Christmas song "Fairytale of New York", recorded with Kirsty MacColl.


Unpaid work

Unpaid work is work without pay. It may be provided by people who are members of a family; volunteer workers who work for charity or recreation; students who take internship or apprenticeship positions for experience. This may be different to forced labour, in which the worker is a prisoner or a slave.

Jeanne Tripplehorn

Jeanne Marie Tripplehorn (born June 10, 1963) is an American television and movie actress. She became known as Dr. Beth Garner in the 1992 violent thriller "Basic Instinct". She played Abby McDeere for "The Firm" the following year.

Tripplehorn was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Outback Steakhouse

Outback Steakhouse (or simply Outback) an American restaurant chain. The chain has an Australian theme. The chain has casual dining restaurants. It opened in February 1988 in Tampa, Florida. Almost one thousand Outback restaurants are in operation worldwide as of mid 2012.

May Disease

May Disease is a common kind of minor depression in Japan. Almost all students enter new schools or universities in April. Most new company employees also start in April each year. Then there is a long Golden Week holiday at the beginning of May. People return to their new school or job after a holiday, and it is not new or exciting anymore. May Disease describes this common feeling of disappointment or being let down.

Gravitational field

In physics, a gravitational field is a model used to explain the influence that a massive body has. The influence extends into the space around itself, producing a force on another massive body. Thus, a gravitational field is used to explain gravitational phenomena (effects). It is measured in newtons per kilogram (N/kg). 

In the original Newtonian concept, gravity was a force between point masses. Following Newton, Laplace attempted to model gravity as some kind of radiation field or fluid. Since the 19th century explanations for gravity have in terms of a field model, rather than a point attraction. This revolution was brought about by Einstein's general theory of relativity. Most scientists believe that the gravitational field and its gravitational waves are the physical interpretations of Einstein's equations of general relativity.

In a field model, rather than two particles attracting each other, the mass of objects distort spacetime. This distortion is what is perceived and measured as a "force". In such a model matter moves in certain ways in response to the curvature of spacetime. One can say either "there is no gravitational force", or that "gravity is a fictitious force".

One Ok Rock

One Ok Rock (written as ONE OK ROCK) is a Japanese rock band formed in 2005. The band is composed of Taka, Toru, Ryota, and Tomoya. Originally there were five members in the band, but a guitarist Alex left the group in 2009, and it is a four-piece band now.

The band had various singles that entered the Oricon charts and their songs are getting more and more popular.


2005
In April, Toru, Ryota, Alex, and Tomo started activities of One Ok Rock. In May, Toru invited Taka, and he started singing in the band.

2006
Tomo gave up his membership in One Ok Rock. On July 26th, they released the first album "ONE OK ROCK" and it became an indie rock band.

2007
In March, for the substitution of Tomo, Tomoya became a new member. In March 25th, they released the 1st single "naihishinsho", and that allowed this band to made a major debut.

2009
In April, Alex was accused of sexual assault(groping) on a train. Because of that, One Ok Rock made a statement that it would stop its activity for a while. In the next month, Alex dropped out of the band. However, the rest of the members decided not to quit working and they restarted the activity of One Ok Rock.

2010
In February, One Ok Rock released the fourth single "完全感覚Dreamer". On November twenty eighth, they did a live in Budoukan for the first time of their career.

Albums

2007.11.21 release
1st album "ゼイタクビョウ"

2008.5.28 release
2nd album "BEAM OF LIGHT"

2008.11.12 release
3rd album "感情エフェクト"

2010.6.9 release
4th album "Nicheシンドローム"

2011.10.5 release
5th album "残響リファレンス"

2013.3.6 release
6th album "人生×僕="

Singles

2007.4.25 release
1st single 内秘心書

2007.7.25 release
2nd single 努努-ゆめゆめ-

2007.10.24 release
3rd single エトセトラ

2010.2.3 release
4th single 完全感覚Dreamer

2011.2.16 release
5th single アンサイズニア

2011.7.20 release
6th single Re:make / NO SCARED

2012.8.22 release
7th single The Beginning

2013.1.9 release
8th single Deeper Deeper / Nothing Helps


Bouquinistes

The Bouquinistes of Paris are small bookstores on each side of the River Seine. They are green boxes made of wood. They were classified as a World Heritage Site in 1991. 

The word "bouquinistes" is used only in Paris. The word comes from "bouquin", book in French slang.

My First Story

My First Story (Written as MY FIRST STORY) is a Japanese rock band that formed in 2011.





Asparagus officinalis

Asparagus officinalis is a perennial from the genus "Asparagus" of the Asparagaceae family. It is commonly grown as a vegetable, eaten in spring. When people talk about Asparagus as a vegetable, they usually mean this plant. It was once classified in the lily family, like its "Allium" cousins, onions and garlic, but the Liliaceae have been split and the onion-like plants are now in the family Amaryllidaceae and asparagus in the Asparagaceae. "Asparagus officinalis" is native to most of Europe, northern Africa and western Asia, A. officinalis is widely cultivated as a vegetable crop.

Allium

Allium is a genus of flowering plants. It contains garlic, leek, onions and chives. There are hundreds of species, some of which have been cultivated for much of human history. Today, about a dozen species are economically important. The type species of the genus is "Allium sativum", commonly known as "garlic". The taxonomy of "Allium" is difficult, because the boundaries between species are often unclear. For this reason, the number of recognised species varies between 260, and 860. Most people think there are about 750 species.

Marimekko

Marimekko is a textile design company. It was started in 1951 in Finland. It is famous for its original prints, for instance, prints of red and blue flowers. The company makes high-quality items, not only furnishing fabrics to tableware but also clothes, bags and other accessories. Its fabrics have been introduced inside the airplanes of Finnair.


Environmental economics

Environmental economics is a domain of economics that looks at problems of the environment from an economical perspective. Natural resources, such as clean water are limited, because of pollution. They are also seen as "free" public goods. This means that if there are no rules on how to use these goods, they will be used too much. There are externalities for using these goods, and there is the problem of free riders. In this perspective, the solution is to convert these resources into economic goods, which are integrated in the market. This will lessen the problem of free-riding, and give incentives to use these goods sparingly. An example for this is a tax which is tied to pollution. Proper legislation and observation of property right on how to regulate the use of these public goods is also another important factor in ensuring that market inefficiencies don't result.


Kate Flannery

Katherine Patricia "Kate" Flannery (born June 10, 1964) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television. She played Meredith Palmer in the NBC sitcom "The Office". Flannery was born in Philadelphia.

Free rider problem

In economics, the term free rider refers to someone who benefits from resources, goods, or services without paying for the cost of the benefit. The term "free rider" was first used in economic theory of public goods, but similar concepts have been applied in to other contexts, such as collective bargaining, antitrust law, psychology and political science. Free riding may be considered as a free rider problem when it leads to under-provision of goods or services, or when it leads to overuse or degradation of a common property resource. 

Although the term originated in economic theory, similar concepts have been cited in political science, social psychology, and other disciplines. Some individuals in a team or community may reduce their contributions or performance if they believe that one or more other members of the group may free ride.

Gauss-Bonnet theorem

The Gauss-Bonnet theorem is a theorem that connects the geometry of a shape with its topology. It is named after the two mathematicians Carl Friedrich Gauß (1777-1855) and Pierre Ossian Bonnet (1812-1872) who both found it, independently of one another. The Curvature of the shape is used, as well as its Euler characteristic.

Bangladesh–Russia relations

Relations between Bangladesh and Russia. Russia has an embassy in Dhaka and Bangladesh has an embassy in Moscow. Diplomatic relations were established on 25 January 1972, when Russia was the Soviet Union.

Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has visited Russia twice to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin. The first time was in 2009 and then in 2013.

Relations between the Soviet Union and Bangladesh were good in the years immediately after Bangladesh's independence in 1971. The Soviet Union supported Indian actions in aiding the war of liberation, and after the war the Soviet Navy sent a floating workshop to Bangladesh for clearing Pakistani mines from the Chittagong and Chalna harbors. Mujib visited Moscow in 1972, and high-level officials from both countries made numerous reciprocal visits until 1975. The Soviets supported the socialist programs of the Mujib government and its very exceptionally close ties with India. Early Soviet aid was limited, however. During the first four months of its existence, Bangladesh received economic aid worth US$142 million from India, but only US$6 million from the Soviet Union.

It also believed that the Communist Party of Bangladesh was funded and supported in the erstwhile volatile region of the former "East Pakistan" since then it was part of a United Pakistan itself allied with the United States and the China which were hostile towards rival Soviet Union, the party itself was based on the idealogical principals of Marxism.

Bangladeshi-Soviet relations rapidly improved in 1984 and regained a level of cordiality in the mid- and late 1980s. In 1985 the Soviet Cultural Centre reopened in Dhaka. In 1986 a Soviet special envoy visited Dhaka, and later the Bangladeshi foreign minister visited Moscow. Although Soviet aid to Bangladesh was still small compared with assistance from Japan, the United States, or even China, by 1987 Bangladesh had entered into sixteen different economic accords with the Soviet Union. Soviet assistance has concentrated on the energy sector, especially several power plants at Ghorasal, near Dhaka.

SNCASE SE-313 Alouette II

The SNCASE SE-313 Alouette II (, "Lark") is a French helicopter built between 1956 and 1975 by Société Nationale de Construction Aéronautique du Sud-Est and later by Aérospatiale. It was the first helicopter in the world that has a gas turbine for engine.

It was the basis of two majors variants : SA-315 Lama and SA-316 Alouette III.


Sud Aviation SA-316 Alouette III

The Sud Aviation SA-316 Alouette III is a French helicopter built between 1961 and 1985 by Sud Aviation and later by Aérospatiale. It is a modernized variant of Alouette II helicopter. Alouette III was built for civil and military users for light liaison duties, light transport, search and rescue, and sometimes for air attack.

The most famous users were Indian Air Force, French Gendarmerie, and French Sécurité Civile. Some were used by Ireland air force.


Al-Abbas brigade

The al-Abbas brigade (, or "Kata'ib al-Abbas") is a Shia militant group in Syria. It was formed in late 2011. Its leaders are Abu Ajeeb and Abu Hajar. Their main aim is to protect sensitive Shia holy sites and to help Bashar al-Assad's army during the Syrian Civil War. Its fighting style is mostly defensive.

Abu Hurairah

Abu Hurairah (603 – 681), also known as Horayra, was a companion of Muhammad and he narrated the most hadiths in the Kutub al-Sittah.


The White Guard

The White Guard () is a novel by the 20th century Ukrainian writer Mikhail Bulgakov. His later work "The Master and Margarita" brought him posthumous fame.

"The White Guard" first appeared in serial form in the Soviet-era literary journal "Rossiya" in 1925, but the magazine was closed down before the serial was completed. It was not reprinted in Russia until 1966.

After the first two parts of "The White Guard" were published in "Rossiya", Bulgakov was invited to write a version for the stage. He called the play "The Days of the Turbins." This was produced at the Moscow Art Theatre, to great acclaim:

In fact, the play completely overshadowed the book, which was in any event virtually unobtainable in any form.

Since Bulgakov was refused permission to publish his most important works, he pleaded with Stalin to be allowed to leave the country. Stalin personally arranged for a job for him at the Moscow Arts Theatre. Bulgakov was still writing and re-writing his uncompleted novel, "The Master And Margarita", when he died in 1940.

His widow had "The White Guard" published in large part in the literary journal "Moskva" in 1966, at the end of the Krushchev era. This was the basis for the English translation by Michael Glenny published in 1971 (New York: McGraw-Hill; London: Collins; reissued 2005 by Academy Chicago Publishers. This lacks the dream flashback sections. In 2008 Yale University Press published a translation by Marian Schwartz of the complete novel, an edition which won an award.

Set in the Ukraine, beginning in late 1918, the novel concerns the fate of the Turbin family as the various armies of the Russian Civil War the Whites, the Reds, the Imperial German Army, and Ukrainian nationalists – fight over the city of Kiev. Historical figures such as Petlyura and Pavlo Skoropadsky appear as the Turbin family is caught up in the effects of the October Revolution.


The novel contains many autobiographical elements. Bulgakov gave the younger Turbin brother some of the characteristics of his own younger brother. The description of the house of the Turbins is that of the house of the Bulgakov family in Kiev. (Today it is preserved and operated as the Mikhail Bulgakov Museum).

Edward Snowden

Edward Joseph Snowden (born June 21, 1983) is an American-Russian former contractor who worked for the National Security Agency (NSA) of the United States. He released top secret NSA documents proving the United States Government was monitoring phone calls, emails, webcams of its own citizens. His job at the NSA allowed him access to them. He has said, "I do not want to live in a world where anything I do or say is recorded."

Snowden traveled to Moscow after giving the documents to American journalists in Hong Kong. He had asylum in Russia for one year. Then he was granted permission to stay in the country for three more years. This has increased tensions between Russia and the United States. In October 2020 he was granted permanent residency in Russia.

In 2013 Snowden was voted Person of the Year by "The Guardian".

After Snowden published information that pointed to mass surveillance by the US government, NPR reported sales of the novel Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell had gone up.

UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying

This page describes the qualifying procedure for the UEFA Euro 2008.

 as 

Below is a table containing all seven qualifying groups. Teams that have secured a place in the final tournament are highlighted in green. The order of teams is by final group position.

Key:

The Worst Runner-up will not make the qualify to automatically for the final tournament.

The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds

The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds is a action-adventure video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console. It is part of "The Legend of Zelda" series. It is the second "The Legend of Zelda" game released on the Nintendo 3DS, after "". It takes place in the same world as "".

The game features the top-down two-dimensional gameplay seen in the past "Zelda" games. Dungeons feature 3D effects. Link is able to move between levels to solve puzzles and get through the dungeons. New to the series is the ability for Link to enter walls and become a painting. Link is able to move along walls to reach new areas, using Ravios bracelet. Link needs to purchase items from Ravio to traverse Hyrule. Link can travel to Hyrule's dark counterpart, Lorule. Link's main quest is to defeat Yuga, Lorules's evil counterpart to Ganondorf, and restore the triforce to Lorule. In Lorule, counterparts to Zelda, Link, and Ganondorf can be found. You will find Ravio, the cowardly hero, Yuga, the insane sorcerer, and Hilda, the rash princess. 

David García del Valle

David Garcia Del Valle (born June 13, 1981 in Almeria) is a judo athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and a B2 type athlete. He competed in judo at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. He was the number two judo athlete in the Up to 66 Kg men's group at the 2000 and 2004 Games. 

María del Carmen Herrera Gómez

María Del Carmen Herrera Gomez (born September 26, 1974 in Málaga) is a judo athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a B3 type athlete. She competed in judo at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics. She was the number one judo athlete in the Up to 70 kg women's group at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Games.

Sonic Lost World

Sonic Lost World is an action-adventure platforming video game for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U game consoles. It is part of the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It was developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega. It was released on October 18, 2013 in Europe, on October 19, 2013 in Australia, on October 24, 2013 in Japan, and on October 29, 2013 in North America.

The game takes its inspiration from the Genesis-era "Sonic" games. It has both side-scrolling 2D levels and 3D spherical levels like the ones seen in "Super Mario Galaxy". The Nintendo 3DS and Wii U versions are separate games with different level designs. The Nintendo 3DS version has local and online multiplayer. It is able to connect with the Wii U version.

Yoshi's New Island

Yoshi's New Island is a platform video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console. It is a part of the "Yoshi" series. It is the third game in the . It is the sequel to "Yoshi's Island DS". It was released on March 14, 2014.

The gameplay of "Yoshi's New Island" is similar to the previous two games in the "Yoshi's Island" series. The player moves Yoshi through many stages. Yoshi has to get through the stages by not getting hit by enemies or losing the baby he is holding.

Dana Carvey

Dana Thomas Carvey (born June 2, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is best known for his work as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live". He is also known for playing the role of Garth Algar in the "Wayne's World movies series".

Carvey was born on June 2, 1955 in Missoula, Montana. He studied at College of San Mateo and at the University of San Francisco. Carvey was married to Leah Carvey from 1979 until they divorced in 1980. He married Paula Zwagerman in 1983. They have two sons. 


Anne McCaffrey

Anne McCaffrey (1 April 1926 – 21 November 2011) was an American writer of fantasy fiction. She is best known for her books about dragons, the Dragonriders of Pern. She was the first woman to win a Hugo and Nebula Award.



Bob Menendez

Robert "Bob" Menendez (born January 1, 1954), or Bobby Menendez is the senior United States Senator from New Jersey. He was first appointed to the Senate in January 2006. He was elected Chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations in January 2013. 

On April 1, 2015, Senator Menendez attracted national media attention when he was indicted on federal corruption charges in the United States District Court. He pleaded not guilty and all charges were dropped in 2018. On September 22, 2023, Senator Menendez along with his wife Nadine Menendez were indicted on bribery, fraud and extortion charges.

Menendez was born on January 1, 1954 in New York City, New York. He is of Cuban descent. Menendez was raised in Union City, New Jersey. He studied at St. Peter's College and at Rutgers School of Law in Newark. Menendez was married to Jane Jacobson from 1976 until they divorced in 2005. They had two children.


Rochester

Rochester might mean:

In the United Kingdom:

In the United States:

Little Men

Little Men, or Life at Plumfield with Jo's Boys is a book by Louisa May Alcott. It was published in 1871. The story is about Jo Bhaer and the children at her Plumfield Estate School. It has been adapted for movies and television.

Jo's Boys

Jo's Boys, and How They Turned Out: A Sequel to "Little Men" is a book by Louisa May Alcott. It was published in 1886. It tells of what happened to the children at Plumfield as they grew to adulthood.


Dora Baltea

Dora Baltea or Doire Baltée ( or "Duria Bautica"; Valdôtain dialect: "Djouire"; Piemontes: "Deura Bàotia"), is a river in northern Italy. It is a left-hand tributary of the Po River, and is about long.

Dora Baltea is formed on the Mont Blanc by the confluence, near Entrèves, of two small rivers: Dora di Ferret, that comes from the Pré de Bar Glacier in Val Ferret; and Dora di Veny, that comes from the Miage Glacier in Val Veny.
As it crosses the Aosta Valley, the Dora Baltea flows through the city of Aosta (where the Buthier, a small river, runs into it) and near all the main cities of the lower Aosta Valley: Châtillon, Saint-Vincent, Verrès and Pont-Saint-Martin. After it enters the Piedmont region, it passes through the city of Ivrea and a good part of Canavese, gets from its right hand the waters of the Chiusella and reaches the Po at Crescentino.

The watershed has an area of , and its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 96 cubic metres per second when it gets to the Po river.

The main tributaries of the Dora Baltea are (beginning at the source):


The mean monthly discharges (in m³) for the years 1951-1991 in the confluence with the Po river were:

Dora Baltea is a popular place for the practice of sports like canoeing, kayaking and similar water sports.

Jaime Herrera Beutler

Jaime Herrera Beutler (born November 3, 1978) is an American politician. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was a representative for Washington in the United States House of Representatives from 2011 to 2023.

Jaime Herrera Beutler with nine other members of the Republican party and all of the Democrats voted to impeach Donald Trump a second time.

In August 2022, Herrera Beutler lost the Republican nomination in her re-election campaign against Trump-supported primary challenger Joe Kent.

Ryan Stanton

Ryan Stanton (born July 20, 1989, in St. Albert, Alberta) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Washington Capitals and Chicago Blackhawks.

Before he played in the AHL and NHL, Stanton played 4 seasons in the Western Hockey League with the Moose Jaw Warriors. On March 12, 2010, the Chicago Blackhawks signed Stanton as a free agent. He played his first game with the IceHogs on March 6, 2010. Stanton was called up to the Blackhawks roster on April 26, 2013.

On September 30, 2013, Stanton was claimed off of waiver by the Vancouver Canucks.


Tristan

Tristan () is a legendary character from Cornish folklore. He was one of the main characters of the story of Tristan and Isolde. He was also one of the Knights of the Round Table in the Matter of Britain. He is son of Meliodas and Elizabeth the king and queen of lioness. He is sent to Ireland by his uncle the King of Cornwall, to bring back Isolde so that the king can marry her. However, Tristan and Isolde accidentally fall in love. As a Knight of the Round Table, Sir Tristan was a well-known archer and a close friend to King Arthur.

Orange juice

Orange juice (shortened to OJ) is juice of oranges which is made by squeezing the fruit. It comes in several varieties, such as blood orange. It has a lot of Vitamin C. Orange Juice also has folic acid in it, which can be harsh on a sensitive stomach. 

Tropicana Products

Tropicana Products is a multinational American company. It makes soft drinks. It was founded in 1947. The company was established in Florida, but the current headquarters are in Chicago. The company specializes in orange juice. It is owned by PepsiCo, which owns other food brands including Gatorade and Frito-Lay. 

Blohm &amp; Voss Bv 142

The Blohm & Voss Bv 142 was a German reconnaissance aircraft of World War II. Its maiden flight was in October 1938. It was built at the beginning like an airliner. But just one was used by Lufthansa. The others were used by Luftwaffe for far reconnaissance. Fragile and unwieldy, it was stopped in 1942, just two years after it commissioned. Only four examples were built.

Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction

The Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction (often shortened to "BZR" or "BZ") is an example of a chemical oscillator. It is often used to illustrate a chaotic system. The BZR is made of several chemical reactions, that occur in sequence. It shows chemical oscillation, which is unusual for chemical reactions. At first it was thought to be a measurement error, or an artifact. It was thought that according to the Second law of thermodynamics, this should not occur. According to this law, a system that is in an unordered state will not assume an ordered state on its own, that is without the provision of energy. However, this is only applicable in a closed system, and does not apply to the BZ reaction.

The reactions are theoretically important because they show that chemical reactions do not have to be dominated by equilibrium thermodynamic behavior. These reactions are far from equilibrium and remain so for a significant length of time. In this sense, they provide an interesting chemical model of nonequilibrium biological phenomena. The mathematical models of the BZ reactions themselves are of theoretical interest.

An essential aspect of the BZ reaction is called"excitability": under the influence of stimuli, patterns develop in what would otherwise be a perfectly calm medium. Some clock reactions such as Briggs–Rauscher and BZ using the tris(bipyridine)ruthenium(II) chloride as catalyst can be made to show self-organising activity through the influence of light.

Similar processes were already known in the 19th century. Wilhelm Ostwald gave a detailed account in 1899 and 1900, describing the oscillations of Chrome in Hydrochloric acid and of iron in Nitric acid. Boris Pavlovich Belousov accidentally discovered the Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction in the 1950s. Ilya Prigogine was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1977. His research focused on systems which were far away from an equilibrium state, the Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction was included. Beloussow was awarded the Lenin Prize in 1980, after his death. The Lenin prize was the highest distinction for scientific achievement in the Soviet Union.

Siebel Si 204

The Siebel Si 204 was a World War II-era German light transport aircraft built by Siebel. After the war it was also built in Czechoslovakia as Aero C3 and in France as SNCAN NC-701 Martinet. Siebel Si 204 was a twin-engine monoplane that can carry about ten passengers. Major user were the Luftwaffe.

PZL TS-8

The PZL TS-8 is a Polish military training aircraft built between 1957 and 1959. It was used by the Polish air force until 1978. It was sold to just one other air force in the world, Indonesia, and only 250 models were built. It was a single engine monoplane that can carry a crew of two peoples, trainer and student.

Moomins

The Moomins () are the main characters in a series of books and a comic strip by Swedish-speaking Finnish illustrator and writer Tove Jansson, originally published in Swedish by Schildts in Finland. 

They are a family of white, roundish fairy tale characters with large snouts that make them look like hippopotamuses. The carefree and adventurous family live in their house in Moominvalley, though in the past, their part-time residences have included a lighthouse and a theatre. They have had many adventures along with their various friends.

In all, nine books were released in the series, together with five picture books and a comic strip being released between 1945 and 1993.

The Moomins have since been the subject for many television series, movies and even a theme park called Moomin World in Naantali, Finland.

Anggun

Anggun Cipta Sasmi ( [aŋˈɡun ˈt͡ʃipta ˈsasmi]; born 29 April 1974) is an Indonesian and French-naturalised singer-songwriter. Born in Jakarta, she began performing at the age of seven and recorded a children's album two years later. With the help of famed Indonesian producer Ian Antono, in 1986 Anggun released her first rock-influenced studio album, "Dunia Aku Punya". She became further well known with the single "Mimpi" (1989), which was listed as one of the 150 Greatest Indonesian Songs of All Time by "Rolling Stone". She followed it with a series of singles and three more studio albums, which established her as one of the most prominent Indonesian rock stars of the early 1990s.

Anggun left Indonesia in 1994 to pursue an international career. After two years struggling in London and Paris, Anggun met French producer Erick Benzi and signed to Sony Music Entertainment. Her first international album, "Snow on the Sahara" (1997), was released in 33 countries and became the best-selling album by an Asian artist outside Asia. The album spawned her signature hit "Snow on the Sahara", which reached number one in several countries. Since her international breakthrough, Anggun has released five English-language studio albums and six French-language studio albums, as well as a soundtrack album to the Danish film "Open Hearts" (2002). She represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan, with the song "Echo (You and I)". She joined the judging panel of talent shows "X Factor Indonesia" (2013) and "Asia's Got Talent" (2015); the former made her the highest-paid judge in Indonesian television history.

Anggun is the Asian artist with the highest album sales outside Asia, with her releases being certified gold and platinum in some European countries. She is the first Indonesian artist to have success in European and American record charts. She has received a number of accolades for her achievements, including the Chevalier des Arts et Lettres from the Government of France and the World Music Award for World's Best-Selling Indonesian Artist. Aside from her musical career, Anggun has been involved in numerous environmental and humanitarian works. She has been appointed as the global ambassador of the United Nations twice, first for the International Year of Microcredit in 2005 and then for the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) in 2009 onwards.



Henschel Hs 123

The Henschel Hs 123 is a biplane built in Nazi Germany as a dive bomber. Known like a "Sturzkampfflugzeug" this single-engine was used for the Spanish Civil War and after for the World War II against Polish, Belgian, and French troops. Spanish air force used some Hs 123.

Eurocopter EC665 Tiger

The Eurocopter EC665 Tiger is a new generation of attack helicopter built in France and Germany by Eurocopter. At the beginning of 2013, countries using this were Australia, France, Germany, and Spain. The Tiger () is a twin-turbine helicopter built in metal. Weapons are rockets, 30mm cannon, and missiles.

France used this helicopter in the Afghanistan war and in 2013 war in Mali against al-Qaeda.


Samuel Fuller

Samuel Fuller (1580 - 1633) was a passenger on the 1620 voyage of the Pilgrim ship "Mayflower" and singed the Mayflower Compact. He became a respected church deacon and the physician for Plymouth Colony.

Fuller was a son of Robert Fuller, a butcher. He was baptized on January 20, 1580 at Redenhall, co. Norfolk, England. He was a member of the Separatist religion which was not allowed in England.

In 1610, Fuller moved to Leiden, Netherlands. He was a friend of Degory Priest and Sarah Allerton. Sarah was the sister of Isaac Allerton. Fuller was an active church congregation member. In Leiden records Fuller was referred to as “a serge worker of London.” 

Samuel’s wife and son died in 1615 and he married Bridget Lee.

Samuel Fuller helped to plan for the Separatists to move to the Colony of Virginia. They made an agreement with the Virginia Company. Fuller, along with Edward Winslow, William Bradford and Isaac Allerton, sent a letter on June 10, 1620 to John Carver and Robert Cushman. These men were in London and were also making plans for the voyage. They learned that Thomas Weston and the Company had changed the agreement. One of the changes was that the merchants would keep half of the houses and lands. The pilgrims would also have one day off from work per week. These problems were not solved until Robert Cushman arrived in the "Fortune" in November 1621.

Samuel Fuller learned about medicine before he traveled to the New World so that he could help the others if needed. There would be no doctor on the "Mayflower" or at Plymouth Colony.

It is said that the town of Fullerton, North Dakota, is named after Samuel Fuller.

Samuel Fuller boarded the "Mayflower" with only his servant William Butten, leaving his wife behind in Leiden until he could get settled. William Butten died before the "Mayflower" landed.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. They landed on 21 November and wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

Samuel's wife came on the ship "Anne" and in a few years Samuel would receive two acres of Land. His wife Bridget received one acre of land near a pond. In 1627, Samuel and his wife received several livestock for their farm.

In 1629, a group of people arrived led by John Endicott. They became sick and Fuller was sent to assist them. Endicott sent a letter of thanks to William Bradford. He also helped people at Charleston when they were sick.

Not everyone thought Fuller was a good doctor. In 1637, Thomas Morton, wrote a letter calling Fuller a quacksalver which is where the word "quack" comes from. 

In the summer of 1633, Fuller fell ill with a sickness that had spread through Plymouth. Author Nathaniel Morton wrote about Samuel Fuller’s in his 1669 New England’s Memorial. He praised Fuller and his work.

Fuller was married two times. He married Sarah Dunthorne who was probably born in England in 1584. His second wife was Bridget Lee who died in 1667. He and Bridget had four children: Mercy and Samuel, Jr., unknown female and Elizabeth.

Samuel Fuller made out his will in 1633. He said he was sick and weak. Samuel Fuller died in 1633.

The burial place of Samuel Fuller is unknown.


Airbus A300

The Airbus A300 is a jet airliner which was made by Airbus. Airbus Industries launched the plane in 1972, and it was the first plane with two engines to have more than one aisle between the seats (the first twin-engined wide-body aircraft). The A300 can hold 266 passengers in two classes. It can fly for a maximum of when it is full, but this depends on the type of A300.

Air France was the first airline to get an A300. Air France began to use its A300s on 30 May 1974. Airbus stopped making A300s in July 2007. When Airbus stopped making A300s, it also stopped making A310s. The freighter version of the A300 has been replaced by the A330-200F.

In 1966, Frank Kolk, a member of American Airlines, asked for a plane to replace the Boeing 727. He wanted a plane which could hold 250 to 300 passengers, with two engines. American plane makers made planes with three engines, like the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and the Lockheed L-1011 Tristar, because the FAA had banned planes with two engines from flying on certain routes.

In September 1967, the British, French, and German governments agreed to begin designing the Airbus A300, which would have 300 seats.

After this agreement, both the French and British governments were worried about the plane. The plane needed a new type of engine from Rolls-Royce, the RB207. In December 1968, the French and British companies (Sud Aviation and Hawker Siddeley) thought of a different design: the Airbus A250, which would have 250 seats. This design had its name changed to the A300B, and it did not need a new type of engine, which saved money. To get more U.S. airlines to buy the plane, American General Electric CF6-50 engines were used for the A300 instead of Rolls-Royce engines. The British government was upset and decided to stop supporting the A300. However, Hawker-Siddeley did not leave, and designed the wings for the A300.

In 1972, the A300 flew for the first time. The first type of A300 to be made, the A300B2, began to be used by airlines in 1974. The A300B4 began to be used one year later. At first, Airbus Industrie did not sell many planes. However, by 1979, 81 aircraft were being used. It was the A320 which made Airbus the very big company that it is today.

Parts of the A300 were made by many different companies from all over Europe. These were taken to Toulouse-Blagnac by some Aero Spacelines Super Guppy aircraft so that the parts could all be put together to make the plane. This method turned out to be much better than simply building the aircraft in one place. 

Some of the technology used for the Airbus A300 was taken from Concorde. When it began being used in 1974, the A300 was an advanced plane. Some advanced features were:

A300s made later have other features, like:

The A300 did not sell very well at first. Most of the orders were from airlines of countries which made up Airbus Industrie, like Air France and Lufthansa.

In 1974, Korean Air ordered 4 A300s. This made it the first airline outside of Europe to order an Airbus Industrie plane. Airbus Industrie thought that South-East-Asia was a good place to sell planes. It also thought that Korean Air was the 'key' to selling planes in that area.

Airlines which used the A300 to fly on short flights needed to have fewer flights so that the aircraft could be filled, so these airlines lost customers to other airlines which used smaller aircraft and had flights more often. Eventually, Airbus had to make the A320 to rival the Boeing 737 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9/MD-80.

In 1977, Eastern Air Lines leased four A300s. Frank Borman, who was the CEO of Eastern, was happy that the A300 used much less fuel than the planes the airline already had. He ordered 23 A300s. After this, Pan Am also ordered some A300s. From then on, many A300s were sold, and 878 planes were given to airlines.

The body of the A300 was made longer (on the A330 and A340), shorter (on the A310), or was changed (for the A300-600ST "Beluga" Super Transporter).

In March 2006, Airbus said that it was no longer making the A300/A310. The last A300 first flew on 18 April 2007. It was delivered to FedEx on 12 July 2007.

Only two of these were built: the prototype, and a second aircraft. It can hold 300 passengers or 323 passengers, and it has two General Electric CF6-50A engines.

The first version to be made for airlines. It had General Electric CF6 or Pratt & Whitney JT9D engines. Air France was the first airline to use it, in May 1974.

The version which was made the most. The first A300B4 made its first flight on 25 December 1974. Germanair got the first one on 23 May 1975.

This type's official name is the A300B4-600. It has more powerful CF6-80 or Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines, and it has the Honeywell 331-250 auxiliary power unit (APU). The A300-600 began being used in 1983 by Saudi Arabian Airlines The A300-600 also has a different cockpit (similar to the A310), so the flight engineer was not needed for this type.

This type is shorter and does not need a flight engineer. 
It can also be used as a military plane. It is currently being used by the Canadian Forces and German Air Force. 260 of these planes were sold, but five of these were never made.

As of 2010, the A300 has had 54 accidents. There have been 26 hull-losses. 1,434 people have died on A300s. A hull-loss accident is an accident where the plane is completely destroyed, or if it is damaged so much that it cannot be fixed.

As of July 2020, there are more than 200 A300s still flying.

Sources:



Paul Ireland

Paul Ireland (born 1970) is a Scottish actor from Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, Scotland. He is best known for his role as Duncan Hayes in "Neighbours".

George Washington Parke Custis

George Washington Parke Custis (April 30, 1781 - October 10, 1857) was an American writer, orator, and agricultural reformer. He was the grandson of Martha Washington through her first husband, John Parke Custis. When his father died in 1781, George Washington Park Custis was raised at Mount Vernon by George and Martha Washington as their own son.

In 1804, Custis married Mary Lee Fitzhugh. They had four children. Only one, Mary Anna Randolph Custis, survived. In 1818, Custis completed Arlington House in Alexandria, Virginia. He displayed a large number of Mount Vernon relics there.

In 1831, his daughter married Lt. Robert E. Lee. The two remained in Arlington House. They had 7 children. Lee helped Custis manage his business affairs. Custis died in his bedroom at Arlington House in 1857. 


José Carlos Ruiz González

Jose Carlos Ruiz Gonzalez (born November 4, 1971 in Los Realejos, Tenerife, Canary Islands) is a judo athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He is blind and is a B2 type athlete. He competed in judo at the 2000 Summer Paralympics and he won third place in the men's Up to 60 kg group. 

María Monica Merenciano

María Monica Merenciano Herrero (born August 1, 1984 in Lliria, Valencia) is a judo athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a B2 type athlete. She competed in judo at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and was the number three person to finish in the Up to 63 kg women's group. She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics and finished number three in the Up to 57 kg women at both Games. 

María Del Mar Olmedo Justicia

María Del Mar Olmedo Justicia (born August 10, 1983 in Almería) is a judo athlete from Spain. She has a disability: She is blind and a B3 type athlete. She competed in judo at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She was the number two judo athlete in the women's + 70 Kilogram group. 

Electroencephalography

Electroencephalography is a way to record certain patterns of brain activity, on the skin of the head. Nerve cells use electricity to transmit information. It is one of the methods of diagnosis which can be used for conditions that affect the nerves. An electroencephalogram is a recorded electroencephalography. Both are abbreviated EEG. Electroencephalography is used to detect epilepsy, coma, sleep and brain death. Special adaptations exists to research sleep, for example the length of sleep rhythms. Sleep occurs in different phases, the specially adapted EEG can show the length of these phases.

One way that scientists study EEG recordings is by looking at different waves in the EEG. These waves do not move across the body, but occur as changes in the signal at one place over time. They are studied using mathematical techniques for separating a signal into different frequencies. The slowest waves are called delta, and they occur at 1 to 4 cycles per second. Delta occurs in sleep and during anesthesia. The next frequency is called theta, and it occurs at 4 to 8 cycles per second. Theta is seen when a person is trying to keep many different things, such as numbers or words, in memory. It is also seen when a person is drowsy. After theta comes alpha, a wave occurring at 8 to 12 cycles per second. Alpha is seen over the back of the head when a person has his or her eyes shut. It is also seen when a person is resting or meditating. Faster than alpha is beta, a wave that occurs at 12 to 30 cycles per second. It is seen when a person is getting ready to move or no longer resting. It is also seen when a person takes benzodiazepine drugs. Finally, gamma is the fastest wave seen in EEG, occurring at 30 to 100 cycles per second. It is seen when a person is thinking or paying attention to something. 

Book of Shadows

The Book of Shadows is a mix of religious text and personal diary content caried by many Wiccans. Gerald Gardner started the idea and said Wiccans should write down rituals and magical instructions inside.


Regional language

A regional language is a language spoken in an area that is part of a larger nation state.

Internationally, the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages, ""regional or minority languages" means languages that are:"

A regional language is, in terms of political status, different from the official language of the country where it is spoken. The regional languages are sometimes recognized and protected by the regional government or the state: many states across the world recognize regional languages, and give them a status, as is the case, for example, of Wallonia, Spain, Italy or Switzerland. In other cases the state does not grant official status as an official language of the country; it is the case with the regional languages of France, which can be studied but cannot be used in the government or any public service, where only French is official.

In some cases, a regional language may be the main or official language of another country; that is the case, in Europe, of French in the Valle d'Aosta, or Slovene in Austria.

Status changes may take place either by laws within a state or is by political and territorial changes.

An example of the first case is Belgium, where only French was the official language since the independence in 1831. In 1878, it was allowed that the provinces and districts where Flemish was spoken to use either French or Flemish; then, in 1938, Flemish became the official language of the northern part of Belgium.

For the second case, an example is the fragmentation of the Soviet Union where some regional languages, such as Latvian, Romanian or Georgian, became official languages in the new states formed after the fragmentation: Latvia, Moldova and Georgia.

In a federal state, an official language in a province, region or state, can be a regional language in other parts. That is the case, for example, in Canada, where French is the official language in the province of Quebec but is a regional one in other provinces.


The Longest Yard

The Longest Yard (1974) is a comedy-drama movie starring Burt Reynolds, Eddie Albert, Enrique Peña Nieto, and Bernadette Peters. It is about a football team of prison inmates which plays against a team of prison guards.

The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas

The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas is a 1982 American musical comedy movie starring Burt Reynolds, Jim Nabors, and Dolly Parton. It is based on a Broadway musical written by Peter Masterson.


Scranton

Scranton might mean:

Cities in the United States:

Tupolev Tu-22

The Tupolev Tu-22 is a former Soviet bomber of the Cold War. It is a twin-turbojets built entirely of metal with a swept-wing. It can carry about 6,000 kg of bombs in internal bay. It was used only by the USSR, Libya, and Iraq. The bomber could carry 3 crew members. NATO called the Tu 22 as "Blinder". Tupolev Tu-22M is a modernized variant.

Soviets forces used some Tu-22 as high-speed reconnaissance planes.

Iraq used there bombers in Iran-Iraq War.

Libyan air force used the Tupolev Tu-22 in September 1987 for bombing N'Djamena and the French infantry. The bomber was shoot down by a MIM-23 Hawk's missile of the Armée de l'Air.


Inference

Inference is a process of deriving new knowledge, given existing knowledge, and a number of rules. In logic, there are three different forms:


Combinatorial optimization

Combinatorial optimization is a branch of discrete mathematics. The problems looked at revolve around finding an optimal object from a set of objects, or finding an ordering of the objects in the set that is optimal according to some criteria. Examples are finding the Minimum spanning tree in a graph or the Travelling Salesman Problem. Many of the problems looked at have also been solved using linear programming. 

Wollemia

Wollemia is a genus of coniferous tree in the family Araucariaceae. It is a "living fossil", recently found in 1994. Its fossil record dates back 200 million years, and it was thought to be long extinct.

"Wollemia nobilis" was discovered in 1994 in a temperate rainforest wilderness area of the Wollemi National Park in New South Wales. in a remote series of narrow, steep-sided sandstone gorges near Lithgow, 150 kilometres north-west of Sydney.

In both botanical and popular literature the tree has been called the Wollemi Pine. It is not a true pine (genus "Pinus") nor a member of the pine family (Pinaceae), but is related to "Agathis" and "Araucaria" in the family Araucariaceae.

The Wollemi pine is classified as Critically Endangered (CR – D) on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List 2002. It is legally protected in Australia. A Recovery Plan has been drawn up, outlining strategies for the management of this fragile population; the overall objective is to ensure that this species remains viable in the long-term.

Restless legs syndrome

Restless legs syndrome is a serious neurological disorder. It involves an irresistible urge to move certain regions of the human body to stop odd or uncomfortable sensation. This condition often involves the legs, torso, the head or the arms. Moving an affected part of the body modulates sensations, which may provide temporary relief. Around 75% of people who have RLS have problems involving iron. Other possible issues include varicose veins, sleep troubles, conditions involving blood sugar, ADHD or fibromyalgia. 

Premenstrual syndrome

Premenstrual syndrome is a collection of emotional symptoms and conditions, with or without conditions that are physical. To actually declare PMS, certain emotional symptoms are present, the most common of which include stress, anxiety, problems falling asleep (insomnia) and mood issues. The condition affects many females.

Little Chesterford

Little Chesterford is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 205 people living in Little Chesterford. Little Chesterford is on the River Cam.

Little Hallingbury

Little Hallingbury is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1403 people living in Little Hallingbury.

Little Sampford

Little Sampford is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 256 people living in Little Sampford.

Manuden

Manuden is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 636 people living in Manuden.

Strethall

Strethall is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 22 people living in Strethall. The name "Strethall" comes from 'Nook of land by a Roman Road'.

Takeley

Takeley is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2308 people living in Takeley.

Ugley

Ugley is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 402 people living in Ugley. Ugley has a church called St Peter.

Wicken Bonhunt

Wicken Bonhunt is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 233 people living in Wicken Bonhunt. Wicken Bonhunt is in between Newport and Clavering.

Lambourne

Lambourne is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2011 there were 2013 people living in Lambourne.

Eight Cousins

Eight Cousins, or The Aunt-Hill is a book by Louisa May Alcott. It was published in 1875. It tells the story of orphan Rose Campbell and her eight aunts. 

Frating

Frating is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2011 there were 537 people living in Frating. Frating church is now a private home.

Rose in Bloom

Rose in Bloom is a book by Louisa May Alcott. It was published in Boston by Roberts Brothers in 1876. The book is a sequel to "Eight Cousins". It is about Rose Campbell's entry into society. 

Acun Ilıcalı

Acun Ilıcalı (born 29 May 1969, Edirne) is a Turkish producer and presenter. He is also the founder and owner of Acun Medya. 
Acun Ilıcalı was born in May 29, 1969 in Edirne. He completed his basic education in Edirne. He went to high school in İstanbul at Kadıköy Maarif College and Anatolian High School. He enrolled in ELT department at Istanbul University but he dropped out and decided to work on television. 


Fingringhoe

Fingringhoe is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 783 people living in Fingringhoe.

Under the Lilacs

Under the Lilacs is a book by Louisa May Alcott. It was published in 1878.


An Old-Fashioned Girl

An Old-Fashioned Girl is a book by Louisa May Alcott. It was published in 1869.

Fordham

Fordham is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 818 people living in Fordham. Fordham has a church called All Saints, 2 pubs, one called Shoulder of Mutton and the other called Three Horse Shoes. Fordham also has a village store, which includes the post office. 

A Long Fatal Love Chase

A Long Fatal Love Chase is a book by Louisa May Alcott. It was written in 1866, but first published in 1995.

Great Horkesley

Great Horkesley is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2259 people living in Great Horkesley.

Great Tey

Great Tey is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 937 people living in Great Tey.

Little Horkesley

Little Horkesley is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 216 people living in Little Horkesley.

Peldon

Peldon is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 501 people living in Peldon. Peldon has a church called St Mary the Virgin.

Toby Tyler

Toby Tyler; or, Ten Weeks with a Circus is a children's novel. It was written by 'James Otis' (James Otis Kaler). It was first published in parts (serialization) in the magazine "Harper's Young People" in 1877. It was then published as a book by Harper & Brothers in 1881. A sequel called "Mr. Stubb's Brother" was published in 1883.

The story is about a boy who runs away from a foster home to join the circus. It was one of many "bad boy" books of the 19th century that were meant to show boys the consequences of being "bad". "Toby Tyler" was made into a Walt Disney movie in 1960.

James Otis Kaler

James Otis Kaler (March 19, 1848 — December 11, 1912) was an American writer. Kaler was born and died in Maine. He wrote many, many books for children (mostly boys) using the pen name James Otis. His first book "Toby Tyler" is his best known book. It was made into the Walt Disney movie "Toby Tyler" in 1960. 


Pilatus PC-12

The Pilatus PC-12 is a lightweight transport aircraft. It is built in Switzerland. It is a single-turboprop. It is made of metal and composite material. It can carry between six and nine passengers.

Some Pilatus PC-12 are used by the military, includng Afghanistan, Bulgaria, Finland, Republic of South Africa, Switzerland, and USA. In this last country the Pilatus PC-12 is called U-28A and is used for special forces support.

Most Pilatus PC-12 aircraft are used by civilian owners, including business aircraft.


Cuban Spanish

Cuban Spanish is a dialect of the Spanish language. It is the dialect spoken in Cuba. It shares many of the same features as other Caribbean dialects of Spanish.

Much of Cuban Spanish derives from the Spanish spoken in the Canary Islands of Spain. This is because large numbers of Canarian people moved to Cuba in the 19th and early 20th centuries. People from other Spanish communities, such as Galicians, Catalans, Basques and Asturians, also moved here, but did not have as much influence on the language as the Canarians did. Many words in Cuban Spanish come from the Canarian dialect, but some words are from other parts of Spain. There are also words that come from West African languages, French, or from the indigenous Taíno language.

The language is spoken differently from east to west. The eastern part of the island had large plantations where many African slaves worked during the 18th and 19th centuries. Therefore, the east has a stronger influence from African languages (such as Yoruba and Kikongo) than the west. It is closer to Dominican Spanish than to the Spanish spoken in the western part of the island. The Haitian Creole language influenced the eastern Cuban culture after the Haitian Revolution. Some words of the eastern dialect can be traced back to Haitian Creole words used every day locally. Some Cubans can still speak Haitian Creole.


Water for Elephants

Water for Elephants is a novel by Sara Gruen. It was published in 2006 by Algonquin Books. The story is about a 23 year old Polish American orphan who joins a circus during the Great Depression. Themes are love and romance, murder, and cruelty to animals. The story was made into a 2011 movie starring Robert Pattinson, Reese Witherspoon, Christoph Waltz, Jim Norton, and Hal Holbrook.

Boeing C-32

The Boeing C-32 is a military variant of the 757 airliner. It is used by the United States Air Force for VIP and U.S. Federal Government transport. When used by the Vice President of the United States, it is called "Air Force Two".

Air Force Two

Air Force Two is the air traffic call sign of any U.S. Air Force aircraft carrying the vice president of the United States. They usually fly in one of the two specially changed Boeing 757, C-32 kept by the U.S. Air Force. 

Maison de la Mutualité

The Maison de la Mutualité is a French convention center. It was built in 1930. It is in the 5th "arrondissement" of Paris. It is often associated with left-wing political meetings. It is also a theater.

Toby Tyler (movie)

Toby Tyler is a 1960 Walt Disney movie starring Kevin Corcoran as Toby. It is based on the book "Toby Tyler" by James Otis Kaler.

Kevin Corcoran

Kevin Anthony "Moochie" Corcoran (June 10, 1949 – October 6, 2015) was an American director, producer, and former child actor. He worked as a child in many of Walt Disney's most popular movies of the late 1950s and 1960s. These include "Savage Sam", "Old Yeller", "Toby Tyler", "Pollyanna", "The Shaggy Dog", and "Swiss Family Robinson".

Corcoran died from colon cancer at the age of 66.


Old Yeller

Old Yeller is a children's book by Fred Gipson. It was published in 1956. It is about a Texas family and their dog. The book was awarded a Newbery Honor in 1969. "Old Yeller" was followed by two sequels "Savage Sam" and "Little Arliss". The book was made into a Walt Disney movie of the same name starring Kevin Corcoran, Fess Parker, Tommy Kirk, Dorothy McGuire, and Spike in 1958. 

The Story of a Bad Boy

The Story of a Bad Boy is a book by Thomas Bailey Aldrich. It is based in part on his life as a boy in New Hampshire. The book is considered the first in the "bad boy" genre of literature. The story was first published in parts (serialization) in 1869 in the magazine "Our Young Folks". It was published in book form in 1870.


James Douglas, Lord of Douglas

Sir James Douglas (also known as Good Sir James and James the Black Douglas), (died 1330), was a Scottish soldier, knight and leader during the Wars of Scottish Independence. He is considered one of Scotland's greatest heroes. He was a follower and close friend of king Robert I of Scotland (also called Robert the Bruce).

James Douglas was the oldest son of William, Lord of Douglas and Elizabeth Stewart. His father, William, had refused to support king Edward I of England who had taken over Scotland in 1290. The English king put William in prison and took his lands. This left young James with no land and no father. Douglas then went to France where he lived a simple life for three years. On hearing of his father's death he returned to Scotland and went to see William of Lamberton, Bishop of St. Andrews. The bishop took James in and in due time Bishop Lamberton took James to see King Edward I of England. When the bishop asked for the lands of Douglas to be returned to James, the king grew angry and said no. The lordship of Douglas had been given to Robert Clifford and the king would hear no more of the matter. Douglas remained in the service of the bishop and did nothing to rebel against the king of England. He hoped to get his family's lands returned to him. But in 1306 Robert the Bruce claimed the crown of Scotland as king Robert I. Now Douglas had a choice between two kings who might restore his lands.

In 1307 Douglas joined king Robert against the English king, Edward I That spring James Douglas with some of his men attacked his father's castle of Douglas and defeated the English soldiers there. Douglas then burned his castle and destroyed all stores of wine and grain. He poisoned the wells and executed the English soldiers they . This event became known as Douglas' larder. Even though Douglas did not yet possess his father's lands he had influence in that region. He and his men of Douglas harried the English forces in the region all that summer. The tactics used by Bruce and his followers including Douglas were limited to surprise attacks and quick escapes. They burned enemy lands and rendered castles they captured useless to the English. On learning the Earl of Pembroke was moving a large army into Scotland, Douglas went to warn Robert Bruce. Bruce and Douglas split up and agreed to meet at another place. When they rejoined their forces they attacked the English and defeated them.

In several raids in 1307 and 1308 James Douglas provided support to King Robert in the south of Scotland. On the night of Tuesday 19 February 1314 James Douglas and his men wearing black coats to cover their armor attacked Roxbrugh Castle. Roxbrugh was the main English stronghold in south central Scotland. It was defended by 100 English soldiers. The fall of Roxbrugh Castle caused many in the area to flee back to England. Now held by Douglas it was the beginning of his reputation as "the Black Douglas". To the people of Scotland he was "the Good Sir James". He was now one of the king's greatest supporter and a model of chivalry. But James had black hair and a reputation so feared by the English they named him "the Black Douglas." They said his evil success against them was because he was a demon himself. His son and grandson also used the feared name themselves continuing the family reputation.

Edward II of England had kept up the wars against the Bruce and his followers. He was growing more and more angry with each victory of Robert the Bruce and his followers. Determined to put an end to Bruce once and for all he assembled a very large army. It consisted of mounted knights, archers, crossbow-men, and foot soldiers led by Edward himself. the exact size of his army is unknown, but it was several times larger than that of Robert the Bruce. King Robert chose the place for the upcoming battle at Bannockburn very carefully He chose a position with several natural defenses many of which prevented heavy cavalry or large mass formations to operate. He formed his army into four 'battles' or Battalions, three of which consisted of 'hedgehog' or schiltrons Just before the battle began king Robert knighted Sir James Douglas, his cousin Walter Stewart, 6th High Steward of Scotland, and many others. James and Walter were joint leaders of the left battalion.

When the English army was still approaching, king Robert sent Douglas and Sir Robert Keith, Marischal of Scotland to observe the English and report back to him. Douglas and Keith reported king Edward was approaching with a very large army. During the battle most of the fighting was directed at the other two battalions. When the center battalion led by Thomas Randolph, 1st Earl of Moray was in trouble, Douglas went to their rescue of his close friend. But the English retreated before Douglas could help. Finally the Scots won the battle and the English fell back in confusion, king Edward with 500 mounted knights fled the field. James Douglas with a small mounted force gave chase to the English king. They chased them all the way to Dunbar, but Edward escaped back to England.

After English defeat at Bannockburn the northern border of England was very lightly defended. In August of 1314 James Douglas, along with Edward Bruce (the king's brother), and John of Soules led a large raid into England. From 1314 to 1319 Douglas was raiding northern England at least once a year. When Edward Bruce left for Ireland in 1317 Douglas took his place as leader in the south of Scotland. These raids were not just to frighten the English but to get cash payment for king of Scotland for not attacking that village. It was also to prove to the English that their king Edward II could not protect them. Douglas was the one of the main leader in the wars on the English border until the final peace in 1328.

Two times, in 1319 and in 1322, when Douglas raided into Yorkshire he tried to capture King Edward II and his wife Queen Isabella of France. While he did not succeed this only added to his reputation by the English as "the Black Douglas." On 25 December 1319 the Scots and English signed a two year truce. In 1320, James Douglas put his seal on the Declaration of Arbroath. This declaration of Scottish independence was in the form of a letter to Pope John XXII.

During this period Douglas was rewarded many times with grants of lands. One grant was not of land but of privileges. Called the Emerald Charter, it gave James Douglas and his heirs freedom from many obligations to the king. It also made Douglas and his heirs a judge in their own lands. In giving James Douglas this special grant the king took an emerald ring from his finger and placed it on Douglas' finger. His importance to King Robert and to Scotland was increasing as time went on. 

In 1328 Robert the Bruce was in poor health and was dying. One thing he had not been able to do was to go on a crusade. He asked his friend Sir James Douglas to take his heart to the Holy Land. The king died on 7 June 1329. After the king's death James Douglas had a silver casket made and placed in it the heart of Robert the Bruce. He kept it safe on a chain around his neck. In 1330 he and six knights set out in a ship with royal banners. This is so all who saw it would know the heart of Robert, King of Scotland was on its way to Jerusalem in the Holy Land. The ship waited at Sluys, Flanders for other knights to join them before continuing on their voyage. They sailed to Spain where they stopped at Seville. They were welcomed by Alfonso XI, King of Castile and Leon as well as many English knights who had come to Spain to fight against the Moors. In August 1330 outside the walls of the Moorish town of Teba de Ardales Douglas and his knights joined the king's army. King Alfonso asked Douglas if he would lead the vanguard and placed all the English and Scottish knights under his command. Douglas ordered the charge and the fighting began right away. When the moors pretended to retreat, Douglas and ten of his knights chased after them. But it was a trick and the Moors turned and surrounded them. Trying to rescue a fellow knight Douglas and all his knights were killed. Sir James Douglas was found with the silver casket still around his neck. His body was made ready for the trip home. The silver casket containing the heart of Bruce never reached the Holy Land. It was buried at the Abbey of Melrose. Sir James Douglas was buried at the Kirk of Douglas.

The Shaggy Dog (1959 movie)

The Shaggy Dog is a 1959 Walt Disney movie. It stars Fred MacMurray, Tommy Kirk, Kevin Corcoran, and Annette Funicello. It is based on the story, "The Hound of Florence" by Felix Salten. It was Disney's first live-action movie. A sequel was made in 1976 called "The Shaggy D.A." which stars Dean Jones, Tim Conway, and Suzanne Pleshette.

Old Yeller (movie)

Old Yeller is a 1957 Walt Disney movie. It stars Tommy Kirk, Fess Parker, Kevin Corcoran, Dorothy McGuire, and 'Spike'. It is based on a book by Fred Gipson. The movie is about a boy and a stray dog in post-Civil War Texas. A sequel called "Savage Sam" followed in 1958.

Berserk!

Berserk! is a 1967 British movie starring Joan Crawford, Judy Geeson, Ty Hardin, and Michael Gough. It is about a circus plagued with gruesome murders. Reviews were lukewarm in general, but Crawford was praised. The movie was popular and well attended. SInce many tickets were sold, the movie was considered a box office success.

Priscilla Mullins Alden

Priscilla (Mullins or Mullens) Alden (ca. 1602 – ca. 1685) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620 when it sailed from England to North America. She married John Alden in Plymouth Colony in 1623, and bore him ten or eleven children. 

The couple founded Duxbury, north of Plymouth. She died in 1685 and is buried in the Myles Standish Burial Ground. She is the heroine of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's 1858 poem, "The Courtship of Miles Standish".

Her birthplace and parents are not known with certainty. She may have been born in Surrey to Col. William Mullins, Sr. and Alice Mullins. She sailed to the New World with her parents and brother Joseph. These three died the winter of 1620-1621.

Priscilla married John Alden in 1623 in Plymouth Colony. They had ten or eleven children. John and Priscilla Alden lived in Plymouth until the late 1630s. They then moved north to found the town of Duxbury, Massachusetts.

Priscilla Alden died about 1685, and is buried in the Myles Standish Burial Ground in Duxbury. The exact location of her grave within the burial ground has not been found.

She is a main character in Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's 1858 poem, "The Courtship of Miles Standish". Longfellow was a descendant of the Aldens. He romanticized a family legend for the poem.


John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites

John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites is a National Historic Landmark consisting of two properties in Duxbury, Massachusetts, United States.

According to the Department of the Interior's press release:
This property is the site of John Alden's original home. It was built about 1632. John and Priscilla Alden first lived in this house. Traditional accounts say the house was abandoned around 1653. The building has not survived. The property is now an important archeological site. It is owned by the Town of Duxbury.

The John Alden House is a historic house museum that was supposed to be the home of John and Priscilla Alden. It is located at 105 Alden Street in Duxbury, Massachusetts. Family tradition says it was built in 1653. Scientific testing of the beams says the house was built about 1700.

John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The sites were declared a National Historic Landmark on October 7, 2008. The Alden Kindred of America, Inc. is a non-profit organization that owns and takes care of the John Alden House.


The Greatest Show on Earth

The Greatest Show on Earth is a 1952 movie. Its setting is the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. It stars Betty Hutton, Cornel Wilde, and Charlton Heston. It was produced, directed, and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille. It won the Academy Award for Best Picture. It was a box office hit.

Billy Rose's Jumbo

Billy Rose's Jumbo is a 1962 MGM musical movie. It stars Jimmy Durante, Doris Day, Martha Raye, and Stephen Boyd. The movie was directed by Charles Walters. It featured Busby Berkeley's choreography. It was nominated for an Academy Award for the adaptation of its Rodgers and Hart score.

Freaks

Freaks is a 1932 MGM horror movie about circus sideshow performers. It was directed and produced by Tod Browning. The cast is mostly actual traveling carnival performers. The movie was based on Tod Robbins' 1923 story "Spurs". Director Browning cast real people with deformities as the sideshow "freaks," rather than using costumes and makeup. The movie was not popular. In 1994, "Freaks" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".


Roustabout

Roustabout is a 1964 movie starring Elvis Presley, Barbara Stanwyck, Joan Freeman, and Leif Erickson. Elvis plays a biker who takes a job with a struggling carnival. He falls in love with the manager's daughter, and makes the carnival a great success when he starts performing as a singer.

Jim Norton (actor)

James "Jim" Norton (born 4 January 1938) is an Irish character actor. He is known for his roles in "Straw Dogs", "Memoirs of an Invisible Man", "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", and in "Water for Elephants".

Norton was born on 4 January 1938 in Dublin, Ireland.


Gene Wolfe

Gene Rodman Wolfe (May 7, 1931 – April 14, 2019) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer. He was known for his fantasy novels which had connections to his Catholic faith. His best known work was "The Book of the New Sun", a collection of four novels. Wolfe won two Nebula Awards and many Locus Awards.

Wolfe was born on May 7, 1931 in New York City, New York. He studied at Texas A&M University and at the University of Houston. He was married to Rosemary Wolfe. He lived in Chicago and in Barrington, Illinois.

Wolfe had double bypass surgery on April 24, 2010. He also had surgery on his right eye in early 2013. He died from heart disease on April 14, 2019 in his Peoria, Illinois home. He was 87.


Consumer Electronics Show

The Consumer Electronics Show, also known as just CES, is a yearly conference for technology held every January at the Las Vegas Convention Center, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. Technology companies come here to host previews of their products and announce new products. It is not open to the public. Products that were first introduced to the public at a Consumer Electronics Show include the videocassette recorder (in 1970), the camcorder (in 1981), high-definition television (in 1998), the Xbox (in 2001), and the Blu-ray Disc (in 2003). It was first held in June 1967 in New York City.

In 2009, "Jeopardy!" taped the Tournament of Champions and Celebrity "Jeopardy!" at that year's show. It introduced a new set that would become their main set in the fall of 2009.


Crystal Pepsi

Crystal Pepsi was a soft drink made by Pepsi sold from 1992 to 1993. It was colorless and had no caffeine in it. It started being sold on April 14, 1992. It failed due to low sales. It was later sold as a citrus drink called "Crystal From Pepsi," which also lasted a short time before Pepsi stopped selling it.

Here Comes Honey Boo Boo

Here Comes Honey Boo Boo is a reality television program. It is about a 7-year-old beauty contestant named Alana Thompson in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a spin-off of the reality television program "Toddlers & Tiaras". The show has gotten mixed reviews. It began in August 2012. The second season of it started July 17, 2013 and ended on September 11, 2013.

IAI Kfir

The Israel Aircraft Industries Kfir or IAI Kfir is an Israeli fighter-bomber aircraft. It is based on the French Mirage 5 but with an american turbojet and avionics. It is a single or dual seat.

When Israel stopped using Kfir in 1996, the aircraft was sold to foreign countries. Colombia, Ecuador, and Sri Lanka bought some of them. Between 1985 and 1989, the U.S. Navy rented twenty five single-seat Kfir, as F-21A. American Kfir were used for "dissimilar air combat training", for simulation of Soviet fighter aircraft like MiG-23 Flogger.

Sri Lanka used the Kfir against the Tamils Tigers rebellion.


Lorazepam

Lorazepam (also known as Ativan) is a sedative medicine which was first introduced around 1977 for anxiety treatment. It is also used for muscle relaxation. Unwanted side effects include low blood pressure, hangover effects and confusion.

Lorazepam is a benzodiazepine, and it is widely approved and used for status epilepticus (continuous seizures) and anxiety. Benzodiazepines are central nervous system (CNS) depressants, which are medicines that slow down the nervous system and relieve symptoms of anxiety.

Anterograde amnesia

Anterograde amnesia is a kind of amnesia. Amnesia is a problem with remembering things. In anterograde amnesia, people have trouble making memories last - they forget. Amnesia is triggered by an event; people with anterograde amnesia have problems creating new memories after that event. With Anterograde amnesia, the longer-term memories from the time before the event remain intact. The amnesia may be partial or complete.

Very often Anterograde amnesia occurs together with retrograde amnesia. This is the case with conditions such as concussion.

There are different other conditions which can also lead to anterograde amnesia. They include:

Aripiprazole

Aripiprazole (also called Abilify) is an antipsychotic medicine used for treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, autism and an adjuvant for major depression, which was first approved by Food and Drug Administration of the United States in November 2002. The first approval was for the treatment of schizophrenia. Later approvals were for bipolar disorder and depression. Common side effects include increase of blood sugar, vomiting, nausea and dizziness.

List of dialling codes in the United Kingdom

This is a list of dialling codes for telephones in the United Kingdom. Dialling codes are the basis for the national telephone numbering plan. They are prefixed to all telephone numbers, generally depending on the type of number and its geographic location. The numbering plan is maintained by Ofcom, which is an independent communications authority. This list is based on the official standard, but it also shows older codes and historical changes. Dialling codes do not match any specific political boundaries. For example, the dialling code for Coventry covers a large area of Warwickshire and the Manchester dialling code covers part or all of several neighbouring towns. When dialling a number from within the United Kingdom, all area codes start with a 0. When dialling from outside the country, the prefix is not dialed.

"For an explanation of the two letter STD codes used below, see Introduction of area codes"

01426, 01523 and other non-standard 01 prefixes were briefly used for pagers in the late 1990s and then moved to new 076 prefixes in the Big Number Change in 2000/2001.

The 01632 area code is set aside for use as fictional numbers for drama as are parts of a number of other area codes.

The length of the area code part and the local number part is found as follows:
The number format '2+8' refers to, e.g. London, numbers using the (020) xxxx xxxx format.

The number format '5+4' refers to, e.g. Brampton, numbers using the (0169 77) xxxx format.

In the following area local calls must be dialled using the area code from the date shown.
Unlike the Crown Dependencies of Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man which use the UK area codes 01534, 01481 and 01624 respectively, telephone numbers in British Overseas Territories do not come under the UK telephone numbering plan. Some are within the North American Numbering Plan (NANP). These calls are treated as international calls. Below are the access codes for the overseas territories:


Citalopram

Citalopram (better known as Celexa) is an antidepressant used to treat major depression and off-label conditions. This medicine was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in the 1990s. Adverse affects from this medicine include although are not limited to drowsiness, nausea, vivid dreaming, dry mouth and trembling. Citalopram is also used for anxiety conditions and panic disorder.

Duty Now for the Future

Duty Now For the Future is a 1979 album by Devo. It was their second album.

Note: The song "Red Eye" is named "Redeye Express" on most releases by the record company Virgin.

East Hanningfield

East Hanningfield is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1095 people living in East Hanningfield. East Hanningfield has a church called All Saints'.

Good Easter

Good Easter is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 376 people living in Good Easter. Good Easter has a church called St Andrew's, which is on Souther Cross Road. 

Anosmia

Anosmia is losing the sense of smell. The word is also used for people who never had this sense. The loss can be temporary, or permanent. The conditions that cause a temporary loss of this sense include:

Smelling things depends on two nerves (Nervus olfactorius and Nervus trigeminus), as well as the part of the brain which processes the information. Damage to this system will affect the sense of smell; permanent damage may lead to a permanent loss of the sense of smell.

There are tests that can be done to find the cause of the problem.

The sense of smell also affects the sense of taste. People who cannot smell have only the basic tastes: sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami.

Note also that the sense of smell changes with age. Anosmia can also point to different neurological conditions such as Parkinson's disease,
Alzheimer's disease, or Schizophrenia. Certain plants, such as tobacco also contain substances which change olfaction.

In general, anosmia which has its cause in the brain cannot be treated. Anosmia which is caused by blocking the nose can be treated by removing the block. In some cases, accupuncture was successfully used to treat anosmia.

Nasal congestion from a cold, allergy, sinus infection, or poor air quality is the most common cause of anosmia. Other anosmia causes include:


The Boston Post

The Boston Post was a newspaper published in Boston, Massachusetts between 1831 and 1956. It was one of the most popular daily newspaper in New England for over a hundred years. The "Post" was founded in November 1831 by two businessmen: Charles G. Greene and William Beals. By the 1930s, "The Boston Post" had grown to be one of the largest newspapers in the country, with well over a million readers.

During the 1940s, the newspaper faced more and more competition from papers published by William Hearst. More people began listening to the news on radio and television, and the paper's business began to suffer. It stopped being published in October 1956. At the time, it was printing about 255,000 copies of its daily issue, and about 260,000 of its Sunday edition.


In the Sunday paper every week was included a weekly magazine. It was originally called "The Sunday Magazine of "The Boston Sunday Post"" and later ""The Boston Sunday Post" Sunday Magazine".


The "Boston Post" Cane was an award given by many New England towns to their oldest citizen. It was originally done in 1909, when the newspaper was owned by Edwin A. Grozier. The newspaper had several hundred ornate, gold-tipped canes made, and then given presented in a ceremony to each town's oldest living man. The custom was expanded to include a community's oldest women in 1930. Many towns in New England still carry on the "Boston Post" cane tradition with the original canes they were awarded in 1909. When a recipient dies (or leaves the community), the cane passes to a successor who is the town's next oldest living resident.

Mike Blunden

Michael Blunden (born December 15, 1986, in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian ice hockey right winger. He played for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets, and Montreal Canadiens, and Ottawa Senators.

Before he played in the AHL and NHL, Stanton played 4 seasons in the Ontario Hockey League with the Erie Otters.

He was drafted 43rd overall in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks and was signed to a 3-year entry level contract with them on May 24, 2006. He made his debut with the Blackhawks in the 2006–07 NHL season and played 9 games with them but suffered an injury to his shoulder and was ruled out the rest of the season.

On January 10, 2009, he was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Adam Pineault.

He played a season with the Blue Jackets and was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for Ryan Russell on July 7, 2011.

On June 28, 2014, Blunden was signed as a free agent by the Tampa Bay Lightning to a one-year, two-way contract.

Tommy Kirk

Thomas Lee "Tommy" Kirk (December 10, 1941 – September 28, 2021) was an American actor and businessman. He was best known for his work with the Disney Studios.

Kirk's Disney career began in 1956 when he played Joe Hardy in "The Mickey Mouse Club" serial "The Hardy Boys: The Mystery of the Applegate Treasure". The Disney movies "Old Yeller" (1957), "The Shaggy Dog" (1959), and "Swiss Family Robinson" (1960) made him a popular teen star. 

The Disney Studios dropped Kirk's contract when a woman complained to the Studio about the young actor's relationship with her 15 year old son. He went to American International Pictures. He appeared in their low-budget teen movies such as "Pajama Party" and "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini". 

Kirk was arrested for drug possession on Christmas Eve 1964. In 1970, he retired from movies and sought help for his dependency issues. He ran his own carpet and upholstery cleaning business. He wrote, and sometimes acted. Kirk became a Disney Legend on October 9, 2006.

Kirk is openly gay. He was interviewed by the "National Enquirer" of January 2013 and said: "I don't blame anybody but myself and my drug abuse for my career going haywire. I'm not ashamed of being gay, never have been, and never will be. For that I make no apologies. I have no animosity toward anybody because the truth is, I wrecked my own career."

Kirk was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He died at his Las Vegas, Nevada home on September 28, 2021 at the age of 79.



Dianna Agron

Dianna Agron (born April 30, 1986) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role in the television series "Glee". She has made many movies. She appeared in movies including "I Am Number Four", "The Romantics", "The Hunters", "The Family", and "Shiva Baby". She was born in Savannah, Georgia. She has also appeared in her own cabaret shows at Cafe Carlyle in New York, NY. 


Daniella Monet

Daniella Monet (born March 1, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She is best known for playing guest roles on television. She played Trina Vega in the Nickelodeon series "Victorious". Also, she is a vegan and advocates for animal welfare.

Michelle Wie

Michelle Sung Wie (born October 11, 1989) is an American professional golfer. She plays on the LPGA tour. Around age ten, she became the youngest player to qualify for a USGA amateur championship.

Wie was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

390 BC

390 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Tribunate of Ambustus, Longus, Ambustus, Fidenas, Ambustus and Cornelius (or, less frequently, year 364 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 390 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



OS X Mavericks

OS X 10.9 "Mavericks" is an operating system made by Apple Inc. for its Macintosh line of computers. It is a version of OS X, and carries the release number 10.9. It was released on October 22, 2013. According to Apple, "Mavericks" contains over 200 changes and improvements since OS X Mountain Lion.

OS X Mavericks was the first OS X major release to be a free upgrade since Mac OS X 10.1 "Puma".



Margaretting

Margaretting is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 825 people living in Margaretting.

Mashbury

Mashbury is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 89 people living in Mashbury. Neighbouring parishes include Chignal, Good Easter and Pleshey.

Rettendon

Rettendon is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1351 people living in Rettendon. On December 6, 1995 there were 3 people murdered in Rettendon.

Sniper team

A sniper team (or sniper cell) is made up of one or more snipers and support personnel such as a spotter. Members can sometimes fulfill several roles. The spotter helps to closely observe the targets and their surroundings. The sniper fires the shots. Sometimes there may be extra members in the team, including someone to secure and the team's position, and to communicate with other teams. This third member is known as the flanker.

The spotter finds, watches, and assigns targets, and also watches to see whether the shot has hit or missed the target. They use a specialised telescope to do this. They also make calculations for distance and angle, and try to read the direction and strength of the wind. This is so that the sniper can make adjustments to the aim to make the shot more accurate.

As well as their long-range rifle, a sniper team is usually armed with a shorter-ranged weapon. This is to defend the team in case enemies come in close contact. Equally important is remaining hidden from view. Teams use camouflage, and choose locations where there is something for them to hide behind.

Fatimah

Fatimah (, born 605 or 615 – d. 633) was the youngest daughter of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and Khadija. Fatima's husband was Ali. She is often viewed as an ultimate role model for Muslim women and an example of compassion, generosity, and enduring suffering. The Fatimid Caliphate claimed to be her descendants. Her name and her epithets remain popular choices for Muslim girls.

Julie Benz

Julie Benz (born May 1, 1972 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American actress. She works mostly on television programs. She played Darla in the series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Benz also acted in some movies, including "Jawbreaker" (1999), "Rambo" (2008) and "Bedrooms" in 2010.

The Parent Trap (1961 movie)

The Parent Trap is a 1961 Walt Disney Productions movie. It stars Hayley Mills, Maureen O'Hara, and Brian Keith. Mills plays identical twins trying to get their divorced parents together again. The movie was based on the book "Lottie and Lisa" ("Das Doppelte Lottchen") by Erich Kästner. The movie was nominated for two Academy Awards. It was shown on television. Three television sequels were made. The original movie was remade in 1998 with Lindsay Lohan.

The Parent Trap (movie from 1998) is about twin girls who didn't know they were sisters. Their parents were separated and each one lived with a twin. The girls came across in the campsite and then they knew they were sisters. 

After meeting, the girls changed places to meet the mother or the father. They wanted to live together for ever.

2013 Santa Monica shooting

On June 7, 2013, a killing spree by a lone gunman occurred in Santa Monica, California, starting with a domestic dispute and subsequent fire at a home, followed by a series of shootings near and on the campus of Santa Monica College. Six people were killed, including the suspect, and four people were injured in the incident. The gunman, 23-year-old John Zawahri, was killed by police officers when he exchanged gunfire with them at the Santa Monica College library.

Water for Elephants (movie)

Water for Elephants is a 2011 American romantic drama movie directed by Francis Lawrence. Richard LaGravenese wrote the screenplay, which was based on Sara Gruen's 2006 novel of the same name. It stars Reese Witherspoon, Robert Pattinson, Hal Holbrook, and Christoph Waltz.

Muslim Patrol

The Muslim Patrol was a gang of British Muslims who attempted to establish Sharia law in parts of the United Kingdom. The gang filmed their activities and posted them on YouTube. They attacked people who had alcohol or drugs, prostitutes, and people who they thought were gay or not wearing enough clothes. Five men were arrested as part of an investigation into the gang.

Powhatan (Native American leader)

Powhatan (1534 - 1618) was the leader of the Powhatan tribe. Powhatan was the leader during the Jamestown Colonization when the English settled in Jamestown in 1607. Powhatan was friendly with the English at the beginning. He traded with them. Powhatan usually sent his daughter Pocahontas to give them corn/maize. But later, Powhatan and his tribe looked at the settlers as invaders. After that, Powhatan did not allow the trading with the English settlers. From 1610-1612, it was known as the Starving Time. His leadership was saved by his brother Opchanacanough. 

Dell Rapids, South Dakota

Dell Rapids is a city in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is in Minnehaha County, about twenty miles north of Sioux Falls, the largest city in South Dakota. It became a city in 1888, and 3,996 people lived there at the 2020 census.


Rock Me (One Direction song)

"Rock Me" is a song by One Direction from their second album "Take Me Home". The song was written by Peter Svensson, Sam Hollander, Lukasz Gottwald, Henry Walter, and Allan Grigg and was produced by Dr. Luke, Cirkut, and Kool Kojak. The song has a mid-tempo beat and a clapping riff reminiscent of "We Will Rock You" by Queen. The song received mixed reviews from critics, some of whom criticized its lyrics and others of whom praised its rock elements and production. "Rock Me" appeared on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. 

"Rock Me" was written in one day by guitar player Peter Svensson of the Swedish band the Cardigans, Sam Hollander, and Allan 'Kool Kojak' Grigg for One Direction's second album "Take Me Home", which was released in November 2012. Grigg began by making a mid-tempo beat. Svensson has said that Hollander "had an idea for a title that's like 'rock me' instead of ‘rock you,’ and the melody just came." Lukasz 'Dr. Luke' Gottwald and Henry 'Cirkut' Walter co-produced the song.

"Rock Me" is a mid-tempo pop rock song. Both "Billboard" and BBC Music said that the song was a departure from One Direction's signature bubblegum pop sound. One Direction's members’ voice ranges on the song span from F to C. The instrumentals feature guitar strings and piano lines. The song is in the key of Ab major, the time signature is common time, and the tempo is a moderate 84 beats per minute. 

Critics have also remarked that the song has beat and clapping riff similar to those in Queen's "We Will Rock You". The lyrics have a nostalgic message about a former significant other and a double entendre for sexual intercourse. Regarding the double entendre, Grigg noted, "but at the same time, there's a vulnerability in it that's, like, so sweet for girls. It's a little self-deprecating. There's not a lot of overt machismo in the song.” "I approached it like high school," said Hollander, who wrote lyrics for "Rock Me": "On the first record, they were freshmen, innocent and wide-eyed. Now it's sophomore year, there are parties and driver’s licenses, and the world is theirs for the taking. That's what I wanted to capture."

Alexis Petridis of "The Guardian" criticized the song as “excruciating” and called the lyrics tedious and uninspiring. "The New Zealand Herald" writer Lydia Jenkin deemed "Rock Me" one of "the most banal songs ever written," but noted that the group "know what teenage girls want to hear." Idolator critic Sam Lansky praised the track as "irresistible" and commended its sonic palette as "explosively punchy." Writing for HitFix, Melinda Newman favored its "nearly hypnotic anthemic" beat, and noted that "Rock Me" seemed perfectly tailored to become a live staple. Ben Rayner of the "Toronto Star" thought the song's Queen references were “clever” and “show[ed] that One Direction’s puppeteers aren't totally operating on autopilot." Robert Copsey from Digital Spy opined that the song's "simple-yet-genius catchiness" was its strongest attribute. "Billboard" reviewer Chris Payne applauded its rock elements, regarding it as a “welcome” deviation from the rest of "Take Me Home"'s bubblegum pop sound.

During the week of November 18, 2012, "Rock Me" debuted at number one on the US Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart due to very high digital download sales. As a result of an "end-of-year download rush" in the week ending December 30, 2012, the track made it onto the US "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 98, which was its peak position on the chart. 

Ballata

Ballata is a type of music that was popular during the Middle Ages.

Watson (computer)

Watson is an artificially intelligent computer system that can answer questions asked in a natural language. It was made by IBM to compete on the American television game show "Jeopardy!". In February 2011, Watson played as a contestant on "Jeopardy!" against past champions Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter. Watson won the first place prize of $1 million. It was named after Thomas J. Watson, who was the chairman and chief executive officer of IBM from 1914 to 1956.

During a game, Watson had access to 200 million pages of content, including the full text of Wikipedia. Sources of information for Watson included encyclopedias, dictionaries, thesauri, news articles, and books. It was not connected to the internet, meaning that it had to use what was in its system to answer clues. For each clue, Watson's three most likely responses were displayed on the television screen along with its amount of confidence in those answers. If its confidence in a response was high enough, it would ring in to give the response.

After "Jeopardy!", Watson continued to be part of IBM's research in artificial intelligence. On new problems such as medical records and genetics, Watson technology was unable to compete with new methods such as deep learning. 


Pore (skin)

A pore is an opening in the surface of the skin. A pore leads to a sebaceous gland that lets out oil to lubricate and protect the skin. It also lets some water out, which helps in temperature regulation (homoiothermy).

Mil Mi-1

The Mil Mi-1 (Russian: Мил Ми-1; NATO reporting name: Hare) is a Soviet civilian and military helicopter. It was the first one built in a series in the USSR. It was built under licence in Poland as SM-1.

Countries using civilians Mil Mi-1 were: Czechoslovakia, Poland, Romania, and the USSR.

Countries using militaries Mil Mi-1 were : Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Bulgaria, China, Cuba, Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Egypt, Finland, Hungary, Iraq, Mongolia, North Korea, Poland, Romania, USSR, Sudan, Syria, and Vietnam.


Melancholic depression

Melancholic depression is a subtype of clinical depression. It is biologically based and rather severe. It is mainly associated under unipolar depression, though sometimes under bipolar disorder. This condition is often triggered by stress issues.

Risperidone

Risperidone (which is also marketed as Risperdal) refers to an extremely potent antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia, autism spectrum matters and bipolar disorder. Side effects of Risperidone include although are not limited to unwanted weight gain and metabolic troubles like high blood sugar. It was first approved in 1994.

Haloperidol

Haloperidol (also marketed as Haldol) is an antipsychotic medication. It is most commonly used to treat schizophrenia, bipolar mania, acute psychosis, and tics in Tourette syndrome. Haloperidol works by blocking the effects of dopamine in certain parts of the brain.

Some of the possible side effects of haloperidol include drowsiness, constipation, weight gain and dry mouth. In rare cases, Haloperidol can cause movement disorders, such as shuffling gait or tardive dyskinesia (involuntary movements of the face). 

Madge Bellamy

Madge Bellamy (June 30, 1899 – January 24, 1990) was an American stage and movie actress. She was born Margaret Derden Philpott in Hillsboro, Texas. She came from a good home, but ran away at 17 to become an actress and dancer in New York City.

She was featured in several roles, and made her first movie "Passing Thru" in 1920. After a dispute with Fox Films in 1929, she lost work. She returned to the screen in B-movies in 1932. She is probably best known today for playing Madeline in the horror movie "White Zombie" opposite Bela Lugosi.

In 1943, she was involved in a scandal with a rich married man. She was accused of shooting at him. Charges were dropped but her career was damaged. She made her last screen appearance in "Northwest Trail" in 1945.

The rest of her life was passed mostly in poverty. She sold tools in a store and was an unsuccessful novelist. She died in Upland, California of heart failure. Her autobiography was published shortly after her death. Her only marriage was brief and childless.

Degory Priest

Degory Priest ( 1579–1621) was a passenger on the voyage of the "Mayflower" in 1620. He signed the Mayflower Compact.

The name of Digory Priest or Prust is common in Devon, Cornwall and London England.

Priest was a member of the Separatists church. This religion was not allowed in England and many people moved to Leiden Netherlands Priest was one of those families.

Priest was a hat-maker from London. There are many legal documents in Leiden which show that he was born in 1579. In 1611 Priest married a widow named Sarah Vincent. Sarah was a sister of "Mayflower passenger" Isaac Allerton. Priest's became a citizen of Leiden on November 16, 1615 with Isaac Allerton and Roger Wilson.

On June 28, 1617 Priest asked two men to sign a legal document that said that he had not hit John Cripps but only “touched his Jabot”. This was the frill on the front of his shirt.

Leiden records show that Degory Priest was a witness to a statement signed on January 18, 1618. The statement was signed by Tailor Isaac Allerton. It was about the cost of a crimson coat.

On April 9, 1619, Degory Priest and Samuel Lee signed a document for Nicholas Claverly, a Tobacco pipe maker. This document was a promise for Claverly's good behavior. Claverly had arrived in Leiden about 1615 and lived in a house owned by Degory Priest.

Records show that on May 3, 1619 Degory Priest was a witness to a document signed by Richard Tyrill. Priest said that Nicholas Claverly was not connected with the murder of Tyrill’s brother John Tyrill.

Priest came alone of the "Mayflower". His family came over later in another ship.

Priest left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Degory was one of the signers. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

William Bradford wrote that seven men died soon after the ship landed. “Digerie Preist” was among them. Bradford said that all these died soon after their arrival in the general sickness. He added that Priest’s had his wife and children were sent for because she was Mr. Allerton's sister.

Degory Priest married Sarah Vincent on November 4, 1611. She was a widow. They had two daughters. Their names were Marah and Sarah. Sarah Priest married a second time. His was also a hat-maker from Leiden. Their burial places are unknown.

Priest died early in the first winter, on January 1, 1621 of the “general sickness”. He was 42 years of age. He was buried in an unmarked grave. This was the custom that first winter of 1620–1621. His name appears on the Pilgrim Memorial Tomb, located on Cole's Hill in Plymouth.

John Harron

John Harron (March 31, 1903 – November 24, 1939) was an American actor. He was born in New York City. He died in Seattle, Washington from spinal meningitis when he was 36 years old. He appeared in 167 movies between 1918 and 1940.

Harron married an actress called Betty Westmore in 1929. They had one child.

Har Gobind Khorana

Har Gobind Khorana (Sindhi: هار گوبند خرانه) (also known as Hargobind Khorana; 9 January 1922 – 9 November 2011) was a biochemist. He shared the 1968 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Marshall W. Nirenberg and Robert W. Holley.

He worked in Madison, Columbia, and Boston. 

Their work was on the order of nucleotides in nucleic acids. Each triplet of nucleotides codes for a particular amino acid. Therefore the nucleic acid sequence controls how proteins are built. Khorana was the first to build a synthetic gene, in 1970. This helped a lot, with decoding the genetic code, which is based on amino acids. 


Thomas Rogers

Thomas Rogers(1572winter 1620/21) Rogers and his oldest son travelled on the "Mayflower" in 1620 and signed the Mayflower Compact.

Thomas Rogers was born near Watford, England. He was the son of William and Elanor Rogers.

The family moved to Leiden Netherlands from England after 1613 because they were Separatists areligion which became illegal in England.

Rogers purchased a house and became a citizen of Leiden. He was a merchant of camlet, a luxury fabric made from silk and camel’s hair. The Rogers family were very poor.

Rogers and his 18-year-old son, Joseph left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Thomas Rogers signed the Mayflower Compact.
The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

Rogers and his wife had six children. Theie names were Thomas, Richard and Joseph, John, Elizabeth and Margaret. Thomas and Richard died young. Joseph became a well known person in Plymouth Colony.

Rogers died in the winter of 1620/21. His son Joseph went to live with Governor Bradford and his family. William Bradford wrote: “Thomas Rogers died in the first sickness, but his son Joseph is still living, and is married, and has six children. The rest of Thomas Rogers (children) came over, and now are married, and have many children.” 

Rogers was buried in an unmarked grave as were most of the Mayflower passengers who died in the first winter. The name of Thomas Rogers is on the Pilgrim Memorial Tomb on Cole's Hill.

Bridgestone Arena

The Bridgestone Arena is a sports arena in Nashville, Tennessee. The arena opened on December 18, 1996, and is the current home to the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).

The arena is formerly known as Nashville Arena, Gaylord Entertainment Center, and Sommet Center.

The arena was also home to the Nashville Kats of the Arena Football League from 1997 until 2001 when the franchise was sold and was moved to Georgia to become the Georgia Force. The team was reincarnated and played in the Gaylord Entertainment Center from 2005 to 2007.

Aside from sports, the arena has also hosted the CMA Awards and CMT Music Awards.

Bridgestone currently has naming rights for the arena. The arena currently seats 19,395 for basketball and 17,113 for ice hockey. It used to hold 17,298 from 1996 to 1999.


John Billington

John Billington ( 1580September 30, 1630) and his family were passengers on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He was one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact. Billington was hanged in Plymouth Colony in 1630.

The Billington family was from England. He had a wife, Elinor and two sons, John and Francis.

Billington and his family left Plymouth England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" saw land. They were supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was damaged so they landed at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.
They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Billington was a signer to the document. 

Shortly after they landed, Francis went exploring and discovered a large body of water that is now called Billington Sea. 
The family were Plymouth Colony's troublemakers. Billington's son, Francis, fired a musket on the "Mayflower". In March 1621 Billington was punished because he did not to obey Myles Standish the military leader. He would do this many times. In May 1621 John Billington (the younger) became lost in the woods for many days and was returned home by some Native Americans. In 1625 Governor Bradford wrote a letter to Robert Cushman and said "Billington still says many things against you. He is a bad man, and always will be". In 1636, wife was punished and made to sit in the stocks for saying bad things about John Doane.

Billington was hanged for the murder of John Newcomen in 1630. He was about 50 years old. This was the first execution in Plymouth Colony. His burial place is unknown.

John Crackston

John Crackston ( 1575 – c. 1620/21), also spelled as John Craxston or Crakstone, was an English Separatist from the Netherlands who came with his son John on the voyage of the Pilgrim ship "Mayflower". He signed the Mayflower Compact.

Separatists were people who rejected the Church of England. These other beliefs were not allowed in England.

Crackston's birth year is of about 1575. It is based on a document made when his daughter married. It is believed that he moved to the Netherlands from Colchester in co. Essex, England from another document. In the 1618 Leiden marriage of his daughter Anna, she is said to be from Colchester.

The name of John Crackston, in Leiden Netherlands, first appears in legal documents on June 16, 1616, when, along with fellow Mayflower passenger Moses Fletcher, he witnessed a promise of marriage of Zachariah Barrow.

Crackston’s daughter Anna (Anne) married Thomas Smith in Leiden on December 12, 1618. In the records Anna is described as being a unmarried women from Colchester in England. At her wedding was her friend Patience Brewster. She would also be a "Mayflower" passenger. Patience would die of a fever in Plymouth in 1634 as the first wife of Plymouth Colony Governor Thomas Prence.

In 1620 John Crackston came to the Mayflower with other church members from Leiden and in the company of his son John. It is believed that his wife, name unknown, may have been died. His daughter Anna had married in 1618 and did not accompany them. 

William Bradford, wrote in 1651, Crackston and his son John embarked on the Mayflower

John Crackston and his son left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

John Crackston was a signatory to the Mayflower Compact. On that document, he signed his name as “John Craxton.” His son John Jr. was apparently not yet twenty-one years of age and did not sign the Compact.

Crackston first wife's name is not known.

Children of John Crackston and his first wife:


John Crackston (Sr.) died in the winter of 1620, wrote Governor William Bradford. Bradford said it was after he got lost in the woods and his feet became frozen and he got a fever. The exact date is unknown. As with most passengers who died that winter, he was most likely buried in an unmarked grave in Cole's Hill Burial Ground, Plymouth. Cractston's name is spelled “John Craxston Sr.” on the Tomb.

Waterloo International railway station

Waterloo International was the first London station for Eurostar trains to France and Belgium. It was treated as a separate station to the main station at London Waterloo, but its 5 platforms were numbered 20 to 24. In 2007 it closed and all Eurostar trains now run from St Pancras International railway station. The platforms are no longer used, but South West Trains now plans to use at least one of the platforms when it starts running trains with 10 carriages in late 2013.

Annie (movie)

Annie is a 1982 musical movie based on the Broadway musical play of the same name and Harold Gray's 1924 comic strip characters and concepts. The movie stars Aileen Quinn as Annie, Albert Finney as Daddy Warbucks, Tim Curry, Bernadette Peters, and Carol Burnett. The movie received mixed reviews. Annie (franchise).


The Twelve Imams

The Twelve Imams (, '; , ') are leaders and the sucessors of Prophet Muhammad for the Twelver branch of Shī‘ah Islam.

According to Twelver Shia Muslims these twelve guiders are authorized by Allah for the guidance of Muslims and for protection of Islam and they are infallible (sinless). It is said by Twelver Shia Muslims that the Twelve Imams were foretold in the in the sayings of Muhammad.

It is believed by Twelver Shia Muslims that these Imams have the knowledge of each and every thing which is told them by God. Ali was the first Imam of this line every Imam was the son of the previous Imam, except Husayn ibn Ali who was the brother of Hasan ibn Ali. The last Imam is Imam al-Mahdi, who is alive and will appear in the end times.

Dvergr

Dvergar or Norse dwarves (Old Norse "dvergar", singular "dvergr") are creatures in Norse mythology. They are associated with rocks, the earth, craft and metal work, wisdom, and greed. The dwarves came from maggots that formed on Ymir's skin as he was killed by Odin, Vé and Vili. Odin transformed the maggots into dwarves. It is said that dwarves are blacksmiths and built weapons for war between the gods. Some say that dwarves and elves are the same thing.


Popeye (movie)

Popeye is a 1980 musical movie based on the characters and concepts created in E. C. Segar's "Thimble Theatre" comic strip. The movie starred Robin Williams (his movie debut) as Popeye, Paul Dooley as Wimpy, Paul L. Smith as Bluto, Ray Walston as Poopdeck Pappy, and Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl. It received mixed reviews.

Hasan ibn Ali

Hasan ibn Ali (Hasan, son of Ali) (born in March 4, 625 CE died in March 9 or 30, 670 CE). was an Alid political and religious leader. He was the son of Ali and his wife Fatimah. After the death of his father, Hasan was chosen the caliph by a group of Muslims in Kufa. He was not accepted as the caliph by the Umayyad leader Mu'awiya. Both signed a peace treaty around August 661 and Mu'awiya became the sole caliph of the Muslim community. Hasan was also a member of Ahl al-Bayt. 

Revolt of the Zombies

Revolt of the Zombies is a 1938 horror movie. It was directed and produced by brothers Victor and Edward Halperin. It stars Dean Jagger and Dorothy Stone. It was conceived as a sequel to the Halperins' 1932 "White Zombie". "Revolt" is regarded as a disappointment.

Ymir

In Norse mythology, Ymir (also Aurgelmir, Brimir, or Bláinn) is the ancestor of all jötnar. He is described in the Poetic Edda and in the Prose Edda. Ymir was killed by Odin, Vé and Vili. From Ymir's body they made seven worlds. Bïfrost and dwarves evolved from maggots by burrowing into Ymir's dead body.From that, dwarves can punch dents and burrow into rock. Upon Ymir's defeat, the three brother's crafted the Earth and Heavens from his body, the oceans from his sweat, (some cases from his blood) the trees were crafted from his hair, his eyebrows were used to make Midgard (one of the nine worlds), his bones made the mountains, his skull is what formed the sky, and from his brains they created the clouds.

Thomas Tinker

Thomas Tinker ( 1581–1620/21) and his wife and son were Separatists from the Netherlands who travelled on the Pilgrim Ship "Mayflower" in 1620. Separatists were people who did not belong to the Church of England.

Most scholars believe that Tinker was born in 1581 in Norfolk, England. He moved to Leiden and became a citizen there in the early 1600s. He married in 1609 and had one son.

Tinker, his wife and son left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They signed the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. Thomas Tinker was a signer to the "Mayflower Compact".

Bradford wrote they "died in the first sickness". That was in December 1620 or January 1621. Thomas Tinker and his son was buried in Cole's Hill Burial Ground in Plymouth, with many passengers who died in the early days. The place of Tinker's wife grave is unknown. 

Torture Ship

Torture Ship is a 1939 American movie directed by Victor Halperin. The movie is about a mad scientist who performs experiments on captured criminals aboard his private ship. It stars Lyle Talbot as Lt. Bob Bennett, Irving Pichel as Dr. Herbert Stander, and Julie Bishop as Joan Martel. The movie is based on Jack London's short story, "A Thousand Deaths".

Dog coat

A dog's coat is the hair covering its body. A dog can have a "double coat" that has short, soft hair underneath a layer of long, coarse hair, or a "single coat" that has only the long, coarse hair. A dog's coat may also be called hair or fur.

Dog coats can come in many different colors, patterns, lengths, and textures.

Dog coats come in four main colors: black, brown, white, and red. The same main color can have many shades. These shades are sometimes common enough that they are given their own color names, such as gold, yellow, cream, blue, and grey.

There may be several of these colors on one dog.

Dog coats can also have many different patterns based on spots, patches, and mixing colors.

A dog's coat can be long or short. For most dogs, their hair reaches one length and then stops growing, but there are some dogs whose hair will keep growing longer and longer.

Some breeds of dog do not grow hair on parts of their bodies. These dogs are called "hairless". Examples of "hairless" dogs are the Xoloitzcuintli (Mexican Hairless Dog), the Peruvian Inca Orchid (Peruvian Hairless Dog) and the Chinese Crested.


FMA IA-58 Pucará

The FMA IA-58 Pucará is an Argentine military aircraft. It is a twin-turboprops attack aircraft built in all-metal.

Argentina Air Force used the Pucarà for attacks against Port Stanley and the British Army and the Royal Navy. Several of them were shot down by Sea Harrier and British commandos.

Sri Lanka used the Pucarà against the Tamils Tigers.

Argentina, Colombia, Sri Lanka, and Uruguay used this aircraft. Some are enough actives in Argentina in 2013. United Kingdom used one aircraft for trials, it was captured by British commandos.


Orpheus

Orpheus is a hero in Greek mythology. When he played his lyre the world would sway to the music. It was noted he could charm mortals, Gods and even stones with his music. He was the son of a Muse. He was a companion of Jason and the Argonauts.

Orpheus was married to a dryad named Eurydice. In one version of the myth, while trying to get away from a satyr Eurydice was bitten by a snake and went to Hades. Orpheus rode the ferry across the river Styx to bring her back from the underworld. He played his lyre to make Cerberus fall asleep, and moved the wife of Hades, Persephone, with his music. She said he could take Eurydice back to the upper world if he didn't look back at Eurydice until they both got back up to the land of mortals. Racked by doubt, he did look back just before reaching the upper world, and so she was returned to the realm of Hades forever. He was killed by a group of Maenads when they became tired of his mournful music over Eurydice, and his head was cast into the sea.


Ludmilla Tourischeva

Ludmilla Ivanovna Tourischeva (Russian: Людми́ла Ива́новна Тури́щева; also transliterated as Ludmilla Turischeva, Ludmilla Tourischcheva, and Ljudmila Turichtchieva, born 7 October 1952) is a Russian former gymnast. She won nine Olympic medals for the Soviet Union. She also won the World Championships all-around gold in 1970 and 1974.

She was known for her calmness. In the 1975 World Cup in London, the uneven bars broke and fell as she was landing. She saluted the judges and left the floor without even turning to see the damage. She won all gold medals for the Cup including the all-around medal. Her trainer Vladislav Rastorotsky said about her: "Ljudmila would fight to death in any situation".

Tourischeva was also known for her graciousness. At the 1976 Olympics, she walked around the podium to personally congratulate champion Nadia Comăneci. Tourischeve shook Comăneci's hand before accepting her own medal.

In 1977, she married sprinter Valeriy Borzov. He was a two-time Olympic champion in 1972. Tourischeva keeps involved in gymnastics as a coach and an international judge.

Ludmilla Tourischeva is 1 of only 2 women to win the grand slam of all-around titles: Olympics, World Championships, World Cup, and European Championships. Yelena Shushunova is the other.

Permafrost

In geology, permafrost is soil that stays frozen all year. To be called permafrost, soil must stay at or below for two or more years. Permafrost is also called cryotic soil. Most permafrost is on land close to the North and South poles. Other permafrost is found in high mountain areas. When permafrost melts, carbon dioxide is released which can be bad for the environment.

Eva Green

Eva Green (born July 6, 1980) is a French actress and model. She acts in movies and in television series. She played Vesper Lynd in the 2006 James Bond movie "Casino Royale". Green was born in Paris.

Maggie Lawson

Margaret Cassidy "Maggie" Lawson (born August 12, 1980) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television. She played Juliet O'Hara in the hit series "Psych". She played Alexa in "Party of Five". Lawson was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

Conair Firecat

The Conair Firecat is a water bomber built in Canada from the American twin-engine Grumman S-2 Tracker. A modernized variant, called Turbo Firecat use two turboprops. This kind of aircraft is still active in 2013 in Canada, France, and the United States. 
It can carry 3395 litres of water inside the bomb bay.

Emily Rose

Emily Rose Maier (born February 2, 1981) is an American actress. She acts mainly on television. She played Elena Fisher in the "Uncharted" video games. She plays multiple characters in the Syfy series "Haven". Rose was born in Renton, Washington.

Monal

A monal is a bird of the genus Lophophorus of the pheasant family, Phasianidae. The type species of this genus is the Himalayan monal ("Lophophorus impejanus").

All the adult males have very atractive and shiny feathers of different colors (colors appearing to be made of a metal). The females and the young males do not have feathers with many colors; they are reddish brown with some white parts.

Their diet consists of insects and plant parts such as roots, tubers, bulbs and seed.

They live in the rhododendron forests in the high altitudes of the Himalayas and of Sichuan (China).

Due to habitat destruction and hunting, they have already become quite rare and threatened in their existence.

There are three species and three subspecies within the genus "Lophophorus":



Channel drift

Channel drift, also called network decay, is when a television channel moves away from its original shows to get a new audience, or to get higher ratings. It often involves a move from shows aimed at viewers that know a lot about the channel's subject to shows aimed at a wider audience. Most examples of channel drift have a channel add infotainment or reality shows to their schedule.

A well-known example of channel drift is MTV. When it started in 1981, MTV was a channel that showed music videos. In the 1990s, it started adding entertainment and reality shows aimed at a young adult audience. This was the start of a move towards the channel's current focus on shows aimed at adolescents and young adults.


